&LS6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
those ten days. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania can submit his motion at any time;
and as this day after half past one o'clock has
been set apart for the business of the Commit-
tee of Elections, the Chair would suggest he
withdraw it for the present and he will be rec-
ognized to submit it again at the proper time.
Mr. MYBES. I withdraw the motion, on
that understanding.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A, message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Sympson, one of its clerks, notifying the
House that that body asked a further confer-
ence with the House on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on House bill No. 1109,
making appropriations for the Indian service
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1871, and
for other purposes, the former committee being
unable to agree, and that they had appointed
Mr. Morrill of Maine, Mr. Howe, and Mr.
Nye, the conferees on their part.
The message further announced that the
Senate bad agreed to the request of the House
for conference on the following bills, and had
appointed conferees as follows :
On the bill (H. R. No. 1828) for the service
of the Post Office Department for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1871, and for other pur-
poses, Mr. Morrill of Maine, Mr. Ramsey,
and Mr. Tiiurmai?.
On the bill (H. R. No. 1G33) to simplify the
conveyance of real estate in the District of
Columbia, and on the bill (H. R. No. 2275)
to provide for the paving of Pennsylvania
avenue, Mr. Hamijn, Mr. Stewart; and Mr.
Vickeus.
The message further announced that the
Senate had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (H. 11. No.
1987) to define the duties of pension agents,
to prescribe the manner of paying pensions,
and for other purposes.
The message farther announced that the
Senate had passed a bill (H. R. No. 2350) to
discontinue the Clarksville, Arkansas, land dis-
trict and the establishment of an additional
land district in that State, with an amendment,
in which he was directed to request the con-
currence of the House.
REVISION OF TIIE 1'ATE NT LAWS.
Mr. JENCKES. I rise to submit the follow-
ing privileged report from tho committee of
conference.
The Clerk read as follows:
The committeo of conferenco on tlie disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to tho
hill (II. It. No. 1714) to revise, consolidate, and
amend the statutes relating to patents and copy-
rights having met, after lull and free conference, have
agreed to recommend, and do recommend to their
respective Houses, as follows:
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbored 1, 7, and 13.
That the House recede from their disagreements
to amendments numbored 2, 5, 6, 9,10,14,15,18,19,
20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 2o, 27,28,29, 30,31, 32, 34, 35, 36, 37,
38, and 39, and agree to tho same.
That the Senate recede from their amendment Wo.
8, in section thirty-four, and amend the said seotion
by striking out in line twenty-one, page 12, " two
years " and inserting instead thereof "six months;"
and also amend by striking outlines twenty-five and
twenty-six and by inserting in their place the fol-
lowing words : " uoon the hearing of such renewed
applications abandonment shall be considered as a
question of factand further amend the said sec-
tion by striking out tho proviso, as amended; and
amend the thirty-fifth section by adding paid proviso,
as amended, thereto; to which amendments thellouse
agrees.
That the Senate also recede from their amondment
numbered 12, in section fifty-throe, and amend the
said section by striking out the word "unless," inline
twenty-one, and by inserting in lieu thereof the
words following : " but when'there is neither model
nor drawing, amendments may bo made;" to which
amendment tho House agrees.
That the House reecdo from their disagreement to
amendment No, 3, and amend the same by inserting
the word "be" before "declared,"in thesaid amend-
ment; and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House also recede from their disagree-
ment to amendment No. 4, and add the letter " d "
to the word "cause" in said amendment; and strike
out the word "it;" after the word "patented," in
line twenty-two of the bill, page 8, and in line one,
on page 9, after the word " shall" insert the word
"it;" and the Senate agreeto the same.
That the House also recede from their disagree-
ment to amendmentNo.il, sections forty-eight to
fifty-two inclusive, and agree to the same, with the
following amendments: in line one, page 2 of the
amendments, after theword " party " insert tho words
"excopt a party to an interference;" also, in section
fifty, line nine of said section, strike out the words
" all tho papers; " and in line ten strike out the word
"with." Also, in section fifty-one, after the words
" as tho court may prescribe," strike out the word
" he " and insert the words "the party appealing."
In the next line strike out tho word "also;" and in
same line, after tho word "court," insert the words
" certified copies of;" and in tho next line, after the
words "in the case," strike out tho word "together"
and insert instead thereof "and tho Commissioner
shall furnish it;" and tho Senate agree to tho same.
That tho llouso also recede from their disagree-
ment to amendment No. 10, page 4 of amendments,
and agree to tho same with tho following amend-
ments: after tho word "recover," in lino three of
said amendment, insert the words " in addition to tho
profits to be accounted for by the defendant:" and
in line three, after the word "damages," strike out
the word "he" and insert in lieu thereof the words
" the complainant;" and in line seven striko out the
words " under direction " and insert in lieu thereof
tho words "in its discretion;" to which amendments
the Senato agrees.
That tho llouso recede from their disagreement to
amondment No. 17, page 4 of amendments, and agroe
to the same, with the following amendments : in lines
one, two, and three of said amendment, after the
words "interfering patents," strike out the words fol-
lowing: " any person interested in any such patents,
either byassistnmontorotherwise, may have remedy
by bill in equity," and insertm lieu thereof the words
"a.ny person interested in any one of such inter-
fering patents, or in the working of the invention
claimed under either of such patents, may have re-
lief against tho interfering patentee, and all parties
interested under him, by suit in equity against tho
owners of the interfering patent;" and in lino four,
after the words " cognizance thereof," insert tho
words " as hereinbefore provided;" and in line five,
after tho words " proceedings had," insert the words
" according to the eourso of equity;" and the Senato
agreo to the same.
That the House reccde from their disagreement to
amendment No. 33, section ninety-three, page G of
amendments, and agree to tho same, with the follow-
ing amendment to said scction: in tho last lino
thereof insert tho word "substantial" before the
word " changes ;" and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
amendment No. 40, on page 7 of amendments, and
agree to tho same, with tho following amendment:
strike out tho words "acertified transcript ot " in
lino seven; and also stiike out tho words at the end
of said amendment, "which have not already bocn
transmitted to the Secretary of State or of the Inte-
rior in pursuance ot law;" and add to the section
the words following: "Provided, That where there
aroduplicate copes of legal, scientific, or mechanical
works, one copy of each may bo deposited in the
library of the Patent Ohice, for which a receipt shall
bo given by the Commissioner of Patents to the
Librarian of Congress;" and tho Senate agree to
tho same.
T. A. JENCKES,
11. 0. CALKIN,
S. W. KISLLOUG-,
Managers on the part of the Home.
\V. T. WILLEY.
WILLIAM T. HAMILTON,
Managers on the part of the tima.Ce.
In the 3h.va'!:: of tiif, Uxjvkd States,
July 2, 1870.
Ileaolveti, That the Senate agree to the report of
the committee of conference on tho disagreeing votes
of tho two Houses on the bill (II. R. No. 1714) to
revise, consolidate, and amend tho statutes relating
to patents and copyrights.
Attest: GEO. C. GORHAJ1,
SvarcLary.
By W. J. McDonald, Chief Clerk.
Mr. JENCKES. Mr. Speaker, those amend-
ments tiro all formal, and do not alter the
substance or effect of the bill. I move that
the report of the committee of conference bo
concurred in.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JENCKES moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report of the committee of
conference was concurred in ; and also moved
that, the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The SPEAKER. The hour of half past one
having arrived, the gentleman from Wisconsin
[Mr. Raise] is entitled to the floor on behalf
of the Committee of Elections. But the Chair
will state that the Indian appropriation bill has
been returned from the Senate with a request
for a further conference, the conferees hereto-
fore appointed on the part of the two Houses
having entirely failed to come to an agreement.
The gentleman from California [Mr. Sargent]
desires to present the report of the committee
of conference.
The Clerk read as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of tho two Houses on the amendments to tho
bill (H. R. No. 1169) making appropriations for the
current and contingent expenses of the Indian de-
partment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes, for the year ending June .30,
1S7J, having met, after full and free conference have
been unable to agreo. ™-
A. A. SARGENT,
J. B. BECK,
SIDNEY CLARKE,
Managers on the part of ike Hon w.
L. M. MORRILL,
J-AMES HARLAN,
GARRETT DAVIS,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. SARGENT. I desire to briefly state
the grounds of disagreement between the Sen-
ate and House conferees. The Senate con-
ierees insisted upon specific appropriations
under the treaties made since July, 18G7, and
that these be recognized as the supreme law
of the land. They contended that the Senate
had the exclusive right to determine the pro-
priety of making a treaty, the terms of such
treaty, and with whom it might properly be
made, and its action was not open to the criti-
cism or control of the legislative power. They
offered, however, to put a clause in the bill
authorizing the President to use the money for
any other purposes than those named in the
treaties, in his discretion, but with the consent
of the Indians.
The House conferees refused to insert into
the bill anything which could be taken as a
ratification or consent to any Indian treaty
made since July 20, 1867; contending that the
roving, irresponsible bands of Indians on our
own toil, subject to our own jurisdiction, are
not independent nations with whom treaties
can properly be made; that the practice of so
regarding and treating them had been fruitful
of frauds on the Government and injurious to
the Indians; that the new treaties for which
the House had steadily refused appropriations
involve an expenditure of $70,000,000 at least,
and to concede the demand of the Senate con-
ferees would be to admit that that sum, and
any amount whatever, could be taken from tha
Treasury without the consent of the people's
Representatives, cither as to the amount or the
use to which it should be applied; that the
objects for which the money was to be used
under the treaties, were, in a great measure,
fantastic and useless; that the recent Indian
delegations had denounced these treaties as a
fraud and surprise on the Indians; and the
Government had paid no respect to them, so
far as they conferred or confirmed hunting
privileges on or to the Indians.
Finding themselves so far from accord with
the Senate conferees, the House conferees, as
a last hope of agreement, and desirous that the
Indian service might go on, the comfort and
civilization of the Indians be secured, and the
borders be saved from the horrors of an Indian
war, proposed to appropriate the full amount
which the Senate had inserted in the bill by
way of amendments, appropriating to each
tribe, or confederation of tribes, the amount
named by the Senate, in a gross sum, without
naming the objects for which it should be ex-
pended, except in general terms, and leave to
the Executive the duty and responsibility of
expending the money to the best advantage of
the Indians and the service. If he saw fit to
use it to furnish the Indians the specific arti-
cles stipulated in the treaties, to take those
treaties as a guide in the expenditure, he could
do so. If he thought the welfare and content-
ment of the Indians would be otherwise better
promoted he could act accordingly. With this
view we proposed, as a compromise, to take
the text of the House bill in relation to each
tribe, which text is as follows:
For this amount, to be expended in such goods,
provisions, and other articles as the President may
from time to time determine, including insurance
and transportation thereof, in instructing in agri-
