3248
THE CONGRESSIONAL GliOBE.
May 5,
gition Iwro; and that yon propose to do in the
face of this treaty stipulation ; and that you
propose to do under the plea of a necessity to
avoid a war with the Indians and a conflict
with the savage that has grown up as I have
shown yon.
Now, Mr. President, I ought to say in this
connection, to show you the gravity of this pro-
ceeding, that this trust reservation, amounting
to between three and four million acres of
land—a little short of four million, I think—
worth to-day on an average, I doubt not, from
the information I have received——
Mr. MORTON. To what lands is the Sen-
ator now alluding?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am now allud-
ing to what are called the trust lands which
are conveyed by this treaty to the United States
by these Indians in trust, to be disposed of in
a particular way.
Mr. MORTON. Which added to the others
would make about twelve million acres,
i Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, about eight
\ millions. These trust lands are between three
a and four million acres, worth on an average,
my information and belief are, not less than four
dollars an acre; and you propose to dispose
of them in this arbitrary way, and allow the
Indians eighteen cents an acre; and that is
called the execution of a solemn trust entered
into by treaty stipulations in 1865 ! I ask Sen-
ators whether, when such a thing as that can
be proposed in the Senate of the United States,
it should be a matter of surprise to anybody
here or anywhere else that there are Indian
disturbances on the border ?
Now, sir, let us follow this matter a little
further. I have stated the first two proposi-
tions that arise in this bill. Now, what is pro-
posed to be paid to these Indians for these
lands? Here are eight million acres of land
that this bill proposes to take from these In-
dians arbitrarily without their consent, with-
out an opportunity to be heard. It is their all.
It is all they have. It is the last of the great
dominion over which their ancestors roamed
centuries ago; and what do we propose to
give them? The bill originally as it went
to the committee proposed $1,600,000. My
honorable friend from Iowa, the chairman of
that committee, or the committee itself, with
his approbation, I do not doubt, raised it to
$2,000,000; but my honorable friend from
Kansas thought $2,000,000 too much. Oh! he
would not think ofgiving the savages $2,000,000
for eight million acres; seventeen cents an
acre is enough for the Indians.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator had read
my remarks he would have seen that the rea-
son I gave was, that they had agreed in their
treaty to take $1,600,000. That was the reason
why I said I would fix that amount. That was
their contract.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am very sorry
that ray honorable friend makes that apology.
Mr. POMEROY. Since we assumed this
trast they have come on here and agreed with
the Government to modify the trust, and agreed
to take $1,600,000 for the whole—the trust
lands and all.
Mr. MORRILL* ofMaine. The trust lands
were not conveyed by that treaty.
M*. POMEROY. Yes, sir; they Were named
in the treaty.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is not my
recollection of it.
Mr. POMEROY. I refer to the Senator
from Iowa.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I refer to the
record.
Mr. POMEROY. I refer to the Senator
from Iowa whether the trust lands were not
included in the treaty.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I tfill not have
any question raised about that. My honor-
able friend thought $2,000,000 too much. He
says the Indians made a solemn agreement
with the Government of the United States to
convey the trust lands. I wonder why the Sen-
ate of the United States did not agree to take
them at their proposition. Will the Senator
tell me that ? It lay here a long time, it seems,
but was never brought into the Senate for rat-
ification ; or, at any rate, it was not ratified.
Mr. POMEROY. I will refer to the Sen-
ator from Maine, as he was upon the commit-
tee at the time that treaty was pending. He
can give the reasons why it was not brought
into the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I was a member
of the committee and never thought, so far as
I was concerned, of ratifying that treaty; and
there is a little episode in regard to it that I
may as well mention here to show the charac-
ter of this thing. While it was before me I had
the honor of having all the parties to it before
me except the Indian. The Indian was not
represented; he was not in court; he had no
dayin court; he did not appear; but I will tell
you who did appear. First, the agents of the,
railroad to which the land was granted; second,
anotherrailroad that wanted a part, that wanted!
to divide, that contended there was enough to'
subsidize two big roads. Who else ? The squat-1
ters were there. Who else? Agents from the!
State of Kansas who wanted a portion of the i
land for their school fund. There might have
been another party. —
Mr. POMEROY. The Senators from the
State of Kansas did not go before the commit-
tee, I reckon. I know I did not.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I did not refer
to the honorable Senator nor to his colleague
in Congress from his State.
Mr. POMEROY. I never appeared before
the committee in regard to it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Here were two
railroads—the railroad to which the land was
to be granted, and the railroad that wanted a ;
part-^the squatters, and the State. There were
four parties and they argued the question be-
fore the committee. The question between the
two railroads was, as I have said, for a division i
of the spoils; and on that point we got some !
information as to the value of these lands. The j
railroad company that was on the outside and !
wanted to get in, insisted upon it that they were
very valuable. The other road said they were
no more than they wanted ; but the road that
wanted to get in and share the profits said they
were worth at least $40,000,000 and were
enough to subsidize both the roads. The
squatters wanted to be made easy in their set-
tlements. They were very anxious to have
their rights protected or their wrongs made
legitimate, made rights.
Some member of the committee, I remem-
ber, asked these gentlemen who represented
the Indians ; and it was apparent that all the
parties did not see the wit of that question.
They did not seem to think that the Indians
had anything at all to do with itj and the idea
of anybody's making inquiry as to what the
IndianB had to do with a treaty or with the
disposition of eight million acres of lands be-
longing to them sefjtfted a very strange inquiry
for a committee of the Senate of the United
States to make< Why, they were to give them
eighteen cents an acre, and they were going to
have an asylum in that limbo, the Indian ter-
ritory, to which all hapless Indians in that
region go sooner or later I
The question is whether this bill is right.
The treaty was not ratified; the squatters went
in. My honorable friend skid—I may as well
speak of it in this connection—that after this
treaty was made and there were some expect-
ations that it might be confirmed, that the
Indians might be dispossessed of these lands,
people rushed in from various States, I pre-
sume to Kansas, upon the idea that the lands
werei to be opened for settlement; but the diffi-
culty, I say to my honorable friend about that
theory is, that eight thousand were there before
the inception of the treaty, and nobody knows
better than my honorable friend that the very
purpose and necessity for making that treaty
in the beginning was to relieve the men who
had got in there in violation of the rights of
the Indians, and quiet the difficulties then appa-
rent. That is the way these things are done.
Mr. POMEROY. Does the Senator mean to
say there were eight thousand on this dimin-
ished reserve?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I mean to say
on the lands we are talking about.
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir; on the trust
lands that had been ceded by a previous treaty,
but not one of them on this land contained in
the diminished reserve.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I say the evi-
dence before us was that on the land for which
we were treating there were at least eight thou-
Qfttin cmiattora
Mr. l>OMEROY. That was because it in-
cluded the trust lands.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not think
that alters or modifies at all what I am saying.
I say here that the necessity for making these
treaties always is that the Indian territory is
invaded by lawless men. That is the history
of the whole subjectof reservations. We make
a reservation to-day, set aside for the Indian
so much land, and we say to him in solemn
phrase, "This shall be to you and your pos-
terity forever, and our faith is in it." The
swelling tide of population rushes on, and
coming in Contact with the Indians they com-
municate to them the worst of our vices, rarely
any of our virtues, and nothing of protection.
And what then? Troubles come. The In-
dian resists. They strip him of his possessions.
They then come to Congress and a new reser-
vation must be made, and the Indian pushed
further off. That is the history of the whole
subject of reservations in this country, and the
whole subject of dealing with the Indians. And
so the necessity for making a treaty here was
that the reservation was invaded. Kansas did
not protect the Indians. The United States
did not protect them. The squatters invaded
their country, and for peace it was necessary
to make a treaty. The treaty having failed.
! this tide of squatters still kept pushing in upon
this territory, and now has come a crisis in
our affairs when the Indian must be removed
I at the point of the bayonet to preserve the
I peace. Thatis the necessity whicharises here,
| and it is no misconduct on the part of the In-
) dians. Neither of the honorable Senators will
\ say that.
j My honorable friend, who knows very much
indeed of Indian affairs in this country, who is
very familiar with the subject and whose views
on all such matters are eminently humane, will
not tell you that any of these troubles lie at the
door of the Indians. The Indians have mo-
lested nobody. The Indians have been dis-
turbed ; the rights of the Indians have been
violated. That is what causes the disorder;
that is what sendsyour regiment of troops there.
But, sir, enough of that. . Now let us see
| what is to be done. It is proposed to pay these
j Indians eighteen cents an acre ; and what shall
1 become of the land then ? These squatters are
i to have it at $1 25 an acre. On what priuci-
| pie? They are trespassers to-day; they have
j no rights whatever there; their whole history is
j wrong; and now on what principle is it that
j you propose to make their title good? On
| what principle is it that you propose to say that,
having violated the rights of these Indians,
having put the peace of that region of country
in peril, having thus rendered it necessary to
call out the military of the1' country to keep
order—on what principle is it that these men
are to be preferred to all other and peaceful
citizens of the United States, and are to have
a right to have their possessions, taken in vio-
lence and wrong, made good to them ?
Can anybody in law or in conscience answer
j that question ? Bear in mind that these lands
are valuable and among the richest in the
West. These squatters go on in advance of
the rights of other and law-abiding honest
citizens to have the pick and the fat of the
lands. Whatever there is that is choice there
