48
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9,
Fenton, Howard, McDonald, Nye, Patterson, Pool,
Robertson, Spencer, Sumner, and Yates—14.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The yeas are 26
and the nays 26. The Senate being equally
divided the Chair votes in the affirmative. The
motion to reconsider is agreed to, and the
question is on the adoption of the resolution.
Is the Senate ready for the question ?
'Mr. DRAKE. "I supposed that the honor-
able Senator from Nebraska whence moved to
reconsider this resolution and spoke of a
shorter time would certainly move to amend it
so as to make it a shorter time; but does he
want to have it fail altogether?
Mr, THAYER. I should be entirely satis-
fied to have it fail altogether. I have_ no objec-
tion, though, to hearing the proposition of the
Senator for a shorter time.
Mr. DRAKE. I do not wish to have this
resolution entirely lost. I wish, for one, to
be rid if I can of the annoyance of that mis-
cellaneous crowd of a hundred men that col-
lects here every day just before the meeting of
the Senate, hanging around the desks of Sen-
ators, looking at documents on their tables,
looking over their shoulders, and hearing their
conversation. If reducing the time to five min-
utes will commend this resolution to the Senate
generally any more I am willing to reduce it,
so that we may get the Senate Chamber clear
of those who do not belong here, and have
no privilege liere, before the time arrives for
the Senators to come into the Senate Cham-
ber. But, sir, if nobody makes a proposition
to amend the resolution in that respect, I do
not feel a desire myself to ma.ke the proposi-
tion ; but I do not wish to see the resolution
lost.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Missouri, the resolution being in the
original shape that it was before the Senate
agreed to it, has the power to modify it him-
self upon his own motion, and the Chair under-
stands that ho modifies it by inserting five
minutes.
Mr. DRAKE. No, sir; I do not. I will
not_ modify it myself. If any other Senator
desires to reduce the time from ten to five min-
utes, and that will conciliate the judgment of
the Senate, I shall not make serious objection
to it; but I will not make the proposition
myself.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
is before the Senate.
Mr. THAYER. The Senator from Missouri
stated in his former remarks that these persons
go into the antechamber and send m their
cards to Senators and call them out of the
Chamber. That to me is more objectionable
than the presence of strangers during the few
minutes prior to the hour of meeting. One
of the reasons which induced me to make the
motion to reconsider was to avoid being called
out in that way.
Now,Ihaveobservedthis: almostevorymorn-
ing there are strangers here, not the same per-
sons who were here the previous day, at least to
a great extent. There may be some who make
it a business to come here ; but there are vis-
itors in the city from every State in the Union
every day that we meet, and they come here
and call on their own Senators, which is all
right and proper according to my view; and
they frequently desire to be introduced to
other Senators, and take that occasion to have
their wishes gratified. What harm is there in
that? Suppose we are subjected to a little
inconvenience; suppose my friend from Mis-
souri is obliged to elbow his way through a
crowd, what of it? Who are they but the
people, our masters ? They have the right to
come into this Chamber as well as we, and we
can well afford to give them the little privilege
of coming into the Senate Chamber and stand-
ing about if they choose for a few minutes before
the time of meeting. I think I have liberality
enough in me to submit to any inconvenience,
if it is that which may arise from that source,
during the ten minutes prior to the time of
meeting. I do not think we can shut the doors
at a certain time prior to the hour when we
meet here, and say, at least in effect, that this
Chamber is too sacred for the people to enter
it. Let them come here and mingle with the
Senators. My friend from Rhode Island [Mr.
SpragoeJ suggests to me that it would be well to
let them stay and hear the prayer. [Laughter. ]
Perhaps it would do them good. -But you can
accomplish the purpose desired by fixing three
minutes. For instance, the Sergeant-at-Arms
can announce from his place, '' all persons are
requested to leave the Chamber who are not
entitled to the floor," and iu less than three
minutes every one will have left the Chamber.
I am willing to have the resolution in that
way.
Mr. TIPTON. I move to amend the res-
olution by striking out "ten" and inserting
"five" minutes.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted ;
there being, on a division—ayes 30, noes 18.
bills recommitted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next busi-
ness in order is the Calendar. The first bill
on the Calendar is Senate bill No. 20, to
encourage the production of cotton in the
United States.
Mr. WILSON. Before we proceed to con-
sider that bill I desire to clear the Calendar
of certain bills, by taking them up and recom-
mitting them. I move to take up the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 23) for setting apart a
portion of the Fort Snelling military reserva-
tion for a permanent military post, and the
settlement of all claims in relation thereto.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts, pending the considera-
tion of the Calendar, moves to take from the
Calendar the joint resolution mentioned by
him for the purpose of recommitting it. If
there be no objection the joint resolution will
be considered as before the Senate.
Mr. WILSON. I now move that it be
recommitted to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr._ WILSON. I now move to take up Sen-
ate joint resolution No. 40, for the same pur-
pose.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the joint resolution (S.
R. No. 40) authorizing the Secretary of War
to take charge of the Gettysburg and Antietam
National Cemeteries.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the joint reso-
lution be recommitted to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to take up Sen-
ate joint resolution No. 10, with a view to
submit the same motion.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the joint resolution (S.
R. No. 10) directing the Secretary of War to
sell Bergen Heights arsenal.
Mr. WILSON. I move its recommitment to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
executive communications.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the
United States, communicating, in compliance
with a resolution of the Senate of the 6th in-
stant, reports of the military commander of the
district of which Georgia is a part, in regard
to the political and civil condition of that State ;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
state of virginia.
Mr. TRUMBULL submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the President be requested to com-
municate to the Senate, if not incompatible with the
public interest, all information in his possession or in
any of the Departments relating to the action which
has been had in the district of Virginia under the
act authorizing the submission of the constitutions
of Virginia, Mississippi, and Texas to a vote of the
people, and authorizing the election of State officers,
provided by the said constitutions and members of
Congress, approved April 10, 1869.
production of cotton.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will now report the title of the first bill on the
Calendar.
The Secretary. A bill (S. No. 20) to encour-
age the production of cotton in the United
States.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that that bill be
referred to the Committee on Agriculture. It
has never been referred, I believe, as yet.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Did we not consider it
in the Committee on Finance ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I am reminded that the
Committee on Finance considered a bill of
similar character, but according to the Calen-
dar this bill has not been considered by any
committee. I therefore move its reference to
the Committee on Agriculture.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That is proper.
The motion was agreed to.
adjournment to monday.
Mr. HOWARD. I move that when the Sen-
ate adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on Mon-
day next-.
Mr. CONKLING. It seems to me that the
motion of the honorable Senator from Mich-
igan suggests the question whether we are to
do anything practically before the holidays.
If we are, I do not see why we should not pro-
ceed to do it. There is on the table, for exam-
ple, a bill which came this morning from the
Judiciary Committee which is all in print and
ready for action, and it relates to a subject
deemed important. If we are to act upon it
next week, for example, I do not see why we
should not take it up to-morrow or next day.
It is a most auspicious time to consider any bill
which it is desirable soon to consider, because
the table is not incumbered with other busi-
ness. Therefore I suggest to Senators that
before we adjourn over from now until Mon-
day they had better determine in their own
minds whether we are or are not to make a
serious effort to do anything before the holi-
days. If we are, we ought to begin ; if we are
not, so he it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Michigan.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 24, noes 19.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 29, nays 2i ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Boreman, Cam-
eron, Carpenter. Casserly, Cattell, Chandler, Cole,
Cragin, Davis, Hamilton, Harris, Howard, Howe,
McOrcery.Osbom, Pratt, Ramsey, Rice, Ross, Sauls-
bury, Sawyer, Scott, Sumner, Thayer, Thurman,
Tipton, and v'iekers—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Brownlotr, Bucking-
ham, Conkline, Corbett, Mmunds, Ferry, Gilbert,
Ilarlan, Kellogg, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Morton, Pomeroy. Robertson, Schurz, Sher-
man, Sprague, Stewart, Trumbull, Warner, Vfiiley,
Williams, and Wilson—24.
ABSENT—Messrs. Drake, Fenton, Fowler, Ham-
lin, McDonald, Norton, Hyc,Patteison, Pool, Spen-
cer, Stockton, and Yates—12.
So the motion was agreed to.
services in insurrectionary states.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is a little bill—Sen-
ate bill No. 21—upon which I should like to
have the action of the Senate, reported by the
Committee on Finance at the close of the last
session. I move that the Senate proceed to
its consideration.
The Secretary read the title of the bill, as
follows: A bill (S. No. 21) authorizing pay-
ment to be made for certain services rendered
to the United States in the late insurrectionary
States.
Mr. SHERMAN. It had better bo read in
full. t
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
