1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1361
that bas smitten them, and it is not in human
nature to expect that there will ever be among
those men that devotion to the United States
Government which is felt by the honorable
Senator from Nebraska and other Senators on
this floor.
Whoever expects by acts Of legislation to
brin<* about, that result expects what never did
take place, and what never can take place by
act of Congress or other legislative body. All
that we can expect of these men is that they
shall obey the law. We may desire that they
should go down on their knees in penitence and
ask to be forgiven ; but we very well know that
when men of mature age, who have arrived at
years of discretion, take a political course, if
they are honest men they do not repent that
they acted on their convictions ; we may wish
it as much as we will, but I might as well ask
the Senator from Missouri to repent that he
had been an out-and-out Radical as to expqct
a man who had cast his lot with the southern
confederacy, sacrificed his all for that confed-
eracy, to say that he regretted and was peni-
tent "for his act. Such things do not occur. Men
who act upon their convictions do not tell you
afterward that they are sorry they acted on
theirconvictions. Men who did notact on their
convictions, but acted treacherously to the Gov-
ernment, are not going to confess to you that
they so acted.
There is no class of men who were true
rebels in the South who are going to tell you
at any time that they are penitent. I know the
men, and I do not expect it. But if they obey
the law whioh has been placed over them, if
they vote to adopt a constitution which is so
completely subversive of all their old ideas of
government, I say this is as much as we shall
ever get from them, however much more we
may desire.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The yeas and
nays have been ordered upon the amendment
of the Senator from West Virginia.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If there is no other
Senator who desires to address the Senate I
will proceed. If there is any other Senator
who desires to speak I prefer that he should
do so before I close the debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT, tfo other Sen-
ator claims the floor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, before
submitting the observations which I have to
make in regard to the real question involved
in this discussion, and replying to what may
be regarded as the arguments which have been
adduced by those who favor the imposition of
conditions, I desire to brush out of the way
some things which have been said which I
think do not properly belong to this discus-
sion and ought not to have any weight in the
Senate of the United States.
Among other suggestions which have been
made here is one that those of us on this side
who oppose these conditions vote with the
Democrats. That is a reason why Senators
representing the States of the Union here
upon this floor should vote in favor of condi-
tions 1 It argues to me, in behalf of those who
make that suggestion, that they have no good
reason to give in favor of voting for these con-
ditions, and hence resort to that sort of preju-
dice or appeal, which would be much more
becoming an address on the stump in the
backwoods than the Senate of the United
States; and if any Senator here is to be de-
terred in the discharge of his duty from giving
that vote which his judgment tells him is
proper, because he may in doing so vote with
the Democrats, I have no breath to spend in
endeavoring to turn him from the error of his
way. I would as soon expect the Christian to
jteny his God, because the Mohammedan also
believes in the one God.
Ihere is another suggestion which has been
made, which is that those who oppose the im-
position of these conditions and think that the
tli tt8 ^ave some r'ghts which the Congress of
United States in its omnipotence may not
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 86.
take from them, are therefore the advocates
of State rights in the sense of nullification ;
and that because Mr. Calhoun carried the
doctriue of State rights to the extent of insist-
ing that each State had the right to judge for
for itself of infractions of the Constitution and
to refuse to obey a law of Congress if, in its
judgment, it was unconstitutional, therefore
those who claim any rights for the States are
to be set down as the advocates of secession !
Now, sir, I am not, and I trust no Senator
is to be driven from his position by any such
sort of appeal as this. Nor should any one be
driven from his position by the general state-
ment*in high-sounding words that this is "a
question of State rights above human rights !"
That is not the question. But, Mr. President,
human rights and the liberties of this people
are safer retained by the people themselves and
at home than they are conferred upon any
imperial central Government.
Human rights, thank God! in this land do'
not depend upon the Congress of the United
States; and this is a modern and a false idea
of our Government, that the Congress of the
United States is the great center of the liber-
ties of this people. The Congress of the United
States is composed of but the servants of the
sovereign people ; and the liberties of this peo-
ple, if preserved at all, are to be preserved by
the people, themselves. This is a limited Gov-
ernment ; and the further you take from the
people the power that is in their own hands-
the more danger there is of overturning their
liberties. All government is an evil. It were
better that all power were retained by the peo-
ple themselves, if it were possible; but in a
great country like this the people cannot all
assemble together to establish the necessary
rules for the protection of person and prop-
erty ; and hence they have adopted a repre-
sentative form of government. That is what
republican government means—a represent-
ative government; and the further the power
is taken from the people the greater the danger
is that their liberties will be encroached upon.
It is the system of local organizations, school-
district organizations, township organizations,
county organizations, State organizations, and
the division of powers among them that is to
familiarize our people with the mode of doing
public business and with the character of their
Government and to preserve its free institutions;
and it is better that there should be reserved as
near the people as possible all powers, so that
they surrender up enough to preserve the peace
of society and protect the persons and the
property of the citizens.
This Federal Government is a Government of
limited powers. The people have conferred
upon it a few powers of a national character,
and they supposed that their local State gov-
ernments were the safest depositories for the
protection of the great mass of the rights of
the citizen. They have never surrendered them
to the Federal Government, but they have sur-
rendered to this Federal Government certain
powers necessary for national purposes; and
we are not to be told, because we deny the om-
nipotence of Congress, that therefore we are
opposed to human rights ! Why, sir, it would
be a surrender of human rights to imperial,
centralized government if the people of this
country should ever consent to surrender up all
their rights of liberty to the central Government
here at Washington, the farthest removed from
them of any Government established in this
country.
So much for these general observations.
Now, sir, let us come to inquire what the ques-
tion under consideration is. We are told that
the Senate will place itself in a very awk-
ward position if it shall now refuse to attach
these conditions to the State of Mississippi;
and we are told that the reconstruction meas-
ures have been patchwork, and we are referred
to their having come from the Judioiary Com-
mittee as the reason why they are patchwork.
Why, Mr. President, the Judiciary Committee
did not report these conditions. The Judiciary
Committee did not report the conditions im-
posed upon Virginia; the Judiciary Committee
never reported in favor of putting conditions
on any State when it had complied with the
requirements previously prescribed by Con-
gress. They have been put on by the efforts
of the very Senators who complained of our
legislation as patchwork.
We are told that other States long ago
came into this Union fettered by conditions,
and we have been told to-day that the State of
Missouri came into this Union fettered by con-
ditions nearly fifty years ago. Sir, I wish to
crush out, now and forever, that statementhere.
Missouri had no conditions put upon her except
that which the Constitution of the United States
imposed upon her. I will read the condition
in the case of Missouri:
" Resolved by the Senateand House of Representative*
of the United States of America in Conpress assembled,
That Missouri shall be admitted into this Union on
an equal footing with the original States in all re-
spects whatever, upon the fundamental condition
that the fourth clause of the twenty-sixth section of
the third article of the constitution submitted on the
part of said State to Congress shall never be con-
strued to authorize the passage of any law, and that
no law shall be passed in conformity thereto, by
which any citizen of either of the States in this IJnion
shall be excluded from the enjoyment of any of the
privileges and immunities to which such citizen
Is entitled under tho Constitution of the United
States."
Was that a fetter ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. What was that clause ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. What was the clause ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I cannot state it at this
moment; but whatever the clause was, it should
never be construed to violate the Constitution
of the United States, which says in so many
words " the citizens of each State shall be en-
titled to all privileges and immunities of citi-
zens in the several States." And when Mis-
souri was denied the right to construe her
constitution so as to deprive the citizens of any
State of the privileges and immunities of citi-
zens of the several States, was that putting a
fetter on her? It was merely declaratory of
what the Constitution of the United States was,
and Missouri came in as a State of this Union
upon an equal footing in all respects with every
other State.
Itissaid, Mr.President, that the Senate would
stultify itself by now refusing to impose these
conditions. Why so? When we assembled here
in December the President of the United States
sent us his annual message in which he stated
that Virginia had complied with all the require-
ments of the act preparatory to her representa-
tion in the Congress of the United States, and
he recommended that she be admitted to repre-
sentation. He also referred to what had been
done in Mississippi and Texas. The action
there was not then complete. The newspaper
press of the country with great unanimity sec-
onded the recommendation of the President of
the United States ; and the House of Repre-
sentatives, the immediate representatives of
the people, sent us a bill recognizing the State
of Virginia as entitled to representation in Con-
gress without conditions, a plain, simple bill.
But in this body, and coming also from that
source which complains of patchwork in legis-
lation, came propositions to attach conditions
to the admission of the State of Virginia ; and
they were attached, not, as it has been sought
to make the country believe, by a unanimous
party vote of the majority party here, but by
a very close vote in the Senate. Some of the
conditions were put upon the Virginia bill by
only one majority; and the leading conditions
were put upon it by a majority ot only three,
the vote being 81 to 28. I say, then, those con-
ditions never did receive the sanction of a full
Senate. What the vote would have been in the
Senate had it beeu full, I do not know ; but
they were added to the bill by a very close vote,
and the House of Representatives acquiescing,
the bill became a law in that shape. Now,
is it expected that those who believe these
