1870.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
347
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Naval Appropriations—Mr. Cox,
Ho. op Reps.
exceeded the legal appropriation of the Depart-
ment several millions, and an honest exhibit
would expose the unauthorized expenditure.
But though we do not get at the facts in the
former direct and usual manner, we obtain
them from other sources. Not the expendi-
tures and true condition of affairs of the Navy
Department at the close and commencement
of the fiscal years, because the Secretary of the
Navy withholds that exhibit, and because Con-
gress refused to entertain the resolution which
called on him to make it. But we get from
"Executive Document No. 70, Treasury bal-
ances unexpended," facts that put us on the
right trail to ferret out the expenses which the
Secretary and the Yice Admiral have so care-
fully withheld. On page 13 of that document
we have the statement of the Secretary of the
Treasury of the aggregate of the " balauces of
appropriations on September 30,1869," of the
Navy Department; they amount to $26,032,-
558 2-1. If these Treasury balances be sub-
tracted from the $37,787,716 95 which have
been paid over to the present Administration,
it will be seen that there had been expended
at that time, the 30th of September, $11,750,-
1G8 71.
Of all the remaining balauces the Secretary
of the Treasury states in this Executive Docu-
ment No. 79, " These amounts will be required
to be expended in the last three quarters of
the fiscal year ending June 80, 1870," except
$1,000,000, under the head of provisions. If,
therefore, there had been expended, between
the 1st of March and the 30th of September,
$11,750,150.71, and lor the remaining three
quarters of the fiscal year there is required
$'25,032,558 24, we find that the Department
will have expended in sixteen months, ending
June 30, 1870, $30,782,716 95, as stated in
my former speech, being the entire balance
bequeathed to the Department by the late
Secretary, and the whole of the appropriation,
made by Congress for the current year except
$1,000,000 for provisions.
By their own showing, then, the Navy Do
partment are already in very shallow water, and
on the 30th of June they will be hard aground.
They will then have swept the Treasury clear
of all their balances, excepting in the one item
of provisions.
In the "report of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury on the state of the fins nces" Treasurer Spin-
ner says, page 222, that the "actual expendi-
ture on account of Navy," and also reports on
page 223, that "theactual disbursements dur-
ing the year ending June 80, 1869," as per
ledger, were—
Nm-y  i<23,5:il,082 77
'Clio appropriations for the year end-
ing J une 30,1869, were    17,356,030 CO
Deficiency  Sli,201,732 77
[n this large excess of expenditure over and
above the appropriation, we have probably the
reason why the Secretary of the Navy omitted
to make the usual exhibit, the reason why he
reports no deficiency in the Navy Department,
it was not a pleasent exhibit for him to make.
Is that also the reason why Congress would not
entertain the resolution of inquiry?
There is no escaping a faithful, honest ex-
hibit. If there is an honest, faithful adminis-
tration they will not further attempt it. It was
a grave mistake on the part of tiie Secretory
to evade the usual legal necessary exhibit of
the financial condition of the Navy at the com
menccment of the fiscal year, although there
had been a profuse, inexcusable, not to say prof-
ligate expenditure, in excess of the appropri-
ations. He could not relieve himself from one
mistake by committing another. The Depart-
ment is in a somewhat disorganized state. The
controlling spirit who has pushed on these
immense expenditures beyond the legal appro-
priations is in the Department pursuant to no
law. Had he been elsewhere, discharging on
the seas his professional duties, it is doubtful
whether these immense expenditures would
have been made. The administration of the
Department under his supervision has been
deplorably vicious and wasteful.
I have made no allusion to the recent appro-
priation of $2,000,000 to relieve the present
necessities of the Department and enable it to
give employment to six or eight thousand men
whom it had iinprovidently employed ; but it
should be added to the $36,782,716 95 which,
by showing of the Secretary of the Treasury,
will be required for the current year, making,
by their own admission, $38,782,710 95, which
will have been expended in sixteen months by
the Navy Department.
This is independent of the transfers—"re-
funding," as they are called b}' the Secretary
of the Navy—" repayments," as they are called
by Treasurer Spinner—a mysterious process,
by which the Government debits itself for its
own property!
COMPARISON WITH MR. WELLES'S ADMINISTRATION.
While it gives me pleasure to commend the
action of the committee in cutting down the
estimates of the Secretary in their bill of appro-
priations, I cannot allow the speech of the gen-
tleman [Mr. Wasiiburn, of Wisconsin,] reflect-
ing upon the late Secretary, Mr. Welles, to go
unchallenged.
It is not my part to defend Mr. Welles. He
was the Republican appointee, and gentlemen
on the other side who know his integrity and
efficiency through eight years of arduous ser-
vice dishonor themselves by allowing him to
be attacked unquestioned.
As to the motives of the gentleman [Mr.
Washburn, of Wisconsin,] in continuing the
vendetta feud of his distinguished brother, now
minister to France, I will not inquire. It is
certain, however, that if the former chairmau
of Appropriations had followed the example
of Thadeus Stevens, and had conferred with
Mr. Welles, we should not now be where we
are as to naval embarrassments. Economy is
sometimes waste. I could show more fully than
I have the applicability of this remark to the
former chairman and Congress.
As to order No. 75, giving the Navy officers
thirty-three per cent, in lieu ot' extra allow-
ance, I do not now, for reasons of my own,
undertake any one's defense. I believe Mr.
Welles is defensible on that point; but if he is
not, it is no defense for the present Secretary.
As to the purchases of coal abroad, the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin is flanked by the won-
derful aid of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Covobb] in his attack on Mr. Welles.
Now, in regard to the purchases made of Mr.
Abecassis, of Lisbon, the facts are fully stated
in the correspondence printed in House Doc-
ument No. 48, to which the gentleman from
Wisconsin has referred, but who has not fairly
presented the case as exhibited by the corre-
spondence itself, which every member should
read. He has incorporated in his speech the
letter of one officer—a letter which m its lan-
guage and tone does little credit to the Navy—
and it is the only letter that is discourteous,
uncivil, and in opposition to Mr. Abecassis
from officers in the whole European squadron.
There are in Document 48 letters from more
than twenty officers serving with Admiral Far-
ragut and his successor, Hear Admiral Rad-
ford, all, save the exception named, to Mr.
Abecassis, whom Mr. Harvey stigmatized so
often, and with evident personal rancor, as
"Jew"' and " adventurer." Besides Admiral
Farragut and Hear Admiral Radford, there
are complimentary and commendatory letters
from Commodores Alden and Pennock ; Cap-
tains Wyman, Strong, Macomb, 0. R. P. Rod-
gers,and Mnllany; Commanders and Lieutenant
Commanders Hopkins, Bradford, Luce, Duer,
Allen, and Norton; Paymasters Bradford, Ful-
ton, Goldsborough, Martin, and Tolfree; En-
gineers Moore and Garvin. These all speak
well of Mr. Abecassis. Some of them declare
they have nowhere had such prompt attention,
and the terms on which they were supplied are
agreat improvement and more favorable to our
Government than former purchases. It is shown
that Mr. Abecassis was introduced to the Sec-
retary of the Navy and the Chief of the Bureau
of Equipment by the Portuguese minister, and
that he brought letters of introduction from
some of the first bankers and merchants in
Europe and New York.
Commodore Smith, chief of the Bureau of
Equipment, whose duty it is to furnish coals
and naval supplies, and who has the reputation
of being a vigilant and honest officer, appears
to have detected some mischievous practices
by which the Government was paying prices
which it ought not to pay for some of the pur-
chases that were made. There has been a
practice on the part of some of the consuls and
officials abroad of designating the houses from
which purchases for the Navy are made, and
receiving a commission from those houses for
the favor. It is not necessary to inquire whether
this swindling practice prevailed at Lisbon.
But one fact is certain, the coals and supplies
have been procured from Mr. Abecassis at
less rates than when our Navy got these arti-
cles through the consul. Another fact is cer-
tain, that the changc made by the chief of the
Bureau of Equipment roused the indignation
of our officials in Lisbon, including the Ameri-
can minister.
The minister, Mr. Harvey, objected to Mr.
Abecassis, stigmatizing him as a "Jew," an
"adventurer," a "lowfellow." Mr. Abecas-
sis is, I am assured, a gentleman and courteous
in his deportment, who has presented high tes-
timonials of his ability and character, and who
has been honorable and correct in his dealings
with the Government. In refined courtesy and
intelligence it could not be expected he could
reach the high and polished standard of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Covodk,]
who, with so much urbanity and politeness,
assails him and declares that Mr. Abecass'm
was "recognized as a gentleman here while be
was not regarded as such in Spain." Thai
gentleman is well read in biblical lore, but he is
not thorough in his geography. It hasbeen long
since Lisbon constituted a part of the domain
of Spain. Abecassis knows better than to make
the Portuguese capital a Spanish dependency
Neither Hebrews nor Scotchmen are proscribed
by our laws. The late consul, Mr. Munroe,
was, I understand, a Scotchman, not more
highly educated and accomplished than the
Mr. Abecassis whom the learned gentleman
from Pennsylvania denounces. Every naval
officer but one who has been brought in con-
tact with Mr. Abecassis, and who knows him
personally, gives him an entirely different char-
acter from the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
who, while stigmatizing him with epithets,
probably never saw him. If our naval officers
who have seen and know him are not as well
qualified to judge of the intelligence, deporl
ment, and business capacity of those with whom
they have intercourse as the gentleman l'rom
Pennsylvania, itis their misfortune. The Na\y
Department believed that the naval olficeis
were entitled to credit. Document -18 shows
that the coal bought was not confederate coal,
as alleged ; but if it had been, should we refuse
to take it if we could obtain it on better term.--
than others, years after the war had terminated
Is this petty resentment to be always perpet-
uated? But it is not true that the coal ever
belonged to the confederates. So much for
this small attempt upon the late Secretary.
EXPENSES OF LATE AND PRESENT ADMINISTRATIONS
COMPARED.
Iu regard to the comparative expenditure,
of the late and present Administration, and th.!
