1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2305
through a country he may stop for a limited
period at any place, or at various places ; but
the society know that he is no part of them,
that he is not incorporated into that commu-
nity ; nor would any expression of such an
intention on his part make liim a portion of it
or incorporate him into it. A man may become
an inhabitant or a resident without the expres-
sion of any intention at all. The intention
with which a man goes into a place is to be
derived and inferred from the acts which he
performs. If a man lives in a neighborhood,
ingages in business, in trade, in commerce, in
Agriculture, or in any of the departments of
business, and he acts and does as other mem-
bers of the community, the inference is that
he is a member of that community, and the
intention is inferred from his acts.
Judge Marshall said, in one of the cases
which I have cited, that the declarations of a
party are not to be received as evidence of his
inhabitancy or residence. It is not the decla-
rations of a man which make him a citizen.
The judge said that the declarations were not
to be received in evidence unless the acts were
doubtful. It is the overt acts which a man
does which he says constitute him a citizen,
not any intention which he may express un-
attended by such acts. Now, when we come
to test the case of General Ames by the decis-
ions of the courts and the principles which have
been established, I ask how is it ascertained
that he was a citizen of Mississippi? He went
to Mississippi under orders from the Govern-
ment. While there he was made military gov-
ernor. I read from the report of the Judiciary
Committee:
" In 1868 he was ordered to Mississippi. On the
15th of June in that year ho bccame provisional
governor by appointment of General McDowell,
then district commander, and in March, ISS9, he be-
came himself district commander by assignment of
the President of the United States."
If I understand the positions which have
been taken here in favor of General Ames, I
do not think that any Senator has contended
that his going to Mississippi constituted him a
resident of that State, or was an ingredient in
the formation of the inhabitancy which it was
necessary for him to have. There is no merit
claimed for him simply because he went there.
He went as the agent of the Government, not
of Ms own will, not voluntarily, as Story says
a man should go to obtain an inhabitancy, but
he went to perform certain duties which were
prescribed to him, and he was liable to be
removed at any moment.
Then his going to Mississippi affords not the
least evidence of his becoming a citizen of that
State. That fact is not to be considered. It
is not like the case of an individual who goes
voluntarily to a place to reside or to engage in
business; because if a man goes to a place with
the intention and purpose of residing there
his removal constitutes an act, and his settling
there and doing such acts of business as others
do make him an inhabitant or resident; but
General Ames went for a special purpose under
the authority of his Government.
Was there any act done by him such as is
necessary in any other case to secure residence?
What act did he perform after he lived there
which made him a citizen of Mississippi? It
is said he declared his intention of becoming
an inhabitant of Mississippi. That is merely
a declaration of an intent; but where is the
act? His going there was not an act of his
own; that constituted no part of it. Then,
being there for a special purpose, in the per-
formance of a special duty, how could he, by
merely saying that he intended to become an
inhabitant and resign his commission in the
Army, constitute himself an inhabitant or a
resident of the State? If a traveler went there
under the circumstances I have mentioned,
and should engage in business, that would be
a very different case. But General Ames did
no act. There was not one single deed which
ho performed which was necessary to his becom-
ing an inhabitant. Judge Marshall said that it
41 si Coxa. 2d Sess.—No. 145,
was the acts which constitute a man a citizen or
inhabitant; not his declarations, but his acts;
and that his declarations are not to be receiyed
in evidence unless the acts are of a doubtful
character, when it is necessary to resort to the
declaration to explain their character.
But General Ames was there in the perform-
ance of his military duties. After he made a
declaration of his intention to become a citi-
zen of Mississippi, I ask in what respect his rela-
tion to the Government was changed, in what
respect was his relation to the community in
which he then lived changed ? Can it be said
that a man can make himself an inhabitant or
a resident of a place without changing his rela-
tion to the community, and without changing
his relation to the Government where he is a
military officer ? General Ames continued, after
he made this declaration, to perform his duties
in the same manner as he had before he made
it. Ho rented no house, paid no rent, purchased
no property; lie did nothing but to continuein
the employment of the Government, perform-
ing his duties to it daily. He continued to have
the same relation to the military authorities
which he had before he made the statement,
the same relation to the Government an.d to
the people. He received the pay of the Gov-
ernment and his perquisites. His communi-
cations were made to the Department at Wash-
ington. There is not one particle of evidence
to show that in the slightest particular there
was any change in the conduct, or in the rela-
tions, or in the actions of General Ames, after
he made the declaration of his intention to
become a citizen of Mississippi, from what
existed before he made it.
Now, shall it be said that a man may become
a citizen of a community without changing his
relations to it; that a man may become an
inhabitant, which is a stronger term than resi-
dent, without the community's knowing it, and
without his Government knowing it, where he
is a soldier? There is no evidence that he
made even a communication to the War De-
partment that it was his purpose to become an
inhabitant of Mississippi.
There was no difference in General Ames's
conduct, no difference in his duties, no differ-
ence in his pay, none in the reception of his
rations or perquisites, nothing in any connec-
tion which was different after from what it was
before he made this declaration. Now, what
does he say ?
"I decided to become a candidate and leave the
Army. My intentions were publicly declared and
sincere. [The intentions thus declared wore not only
to become a candidate for the Senate, but to remain
and reside in Mississippi."]
The last sentence which I read is from the
report of the committee. I observed in some
of the speeches which were made on this sub-
ject that a complaint seems to have been enter-
tained in regard to the conduct of the commit-
tee, but I think they acted most magnanimously
to General Ames. In his written statement,
made out at his lodgings and submitted to the
committee, he omitted to state these words
which are included in brackets in the report;
but as the committee recollected that he had
used them or similar ones in his parol exam-
ination before the committee, they thought it
just to him that he should have the benefit
and the advantage of them, and therefore they
were inserted.
Now, '' the intentions thus declared were
not only to become a candidate for the Senate,
but to remain and reside in Mississippiand
further, "leave the Army." These state-
ments are that he would become a candidate,
leave the Army, and remain in Mississippi.
How do we understand from the arguments on
the other side that this purpose of General
Ames was executed in reference to his be-
coming a candidate and leaving the Army?
He stated that he intended to become a candi-
date and to leave the Army. If it were an
executed intention in reference to his becom-
ing a candidate, why was^ it not an executed
intention in reference to his leaving the Army,
for he did not leave the Army until after the
election and after he reached Washington and
the necessity of it was made known to him ?
He did not execute his purpose in leaving the
Army. If he did not execute his purpose in
leaving the Army, why should it be said that
he executed his purpose of becoming an inhab-
itant of Mississippi and remaining in the State?
No, sir; it shows that his purpose was not an
executed one.
But the expressions which he used were all
of a qualified nature, for in answer to an inter-
rogatory of the committee, when asked whether
if he had not been elected he would have re-
mained and become an inhabitant of the State,
his answer was, "doubtful if I should have
become a citizen if I had not been elected."
There was a qualification. The honorable
Senator from Michigan [Mr. Howard] seemed
to complain of the committee because they put
this interrogatory tfi General Ames, and ap-
peared disposed to hold them to their report,
and not consider this answer in connection
with it. I have always understood that the
very purpose of a cross-examination was to
elicit a fact not before disclosed; and we ail
know that it is one of the best means of elicit-
ing the truth; and when the Senate are delib-
erating they of course consider the whole sub-
ject, and want all the facts; they are not to
decide on a portion of the evidence, but upon
the whole. There is no question of the fact
that he made this answer, no question that it
was written down by one of the committee
when he made it, and of its being a portion
of the testimony which we are to consider.
This answer qualifies the expression which he
had made in reference to his being a candidate
and a citizen of Mississippi. It shows that it
was not a single, absolute, unqualified intention
on the part of General Ames, but that that
intention would only be executed if he was
elected, that he had then no present intention *
of making that State his permanent domicile.
The civil has always been jealous of the mil-
itary power, and the policy of the Government
always has been not to permit officers or sol-
diers of the Army to acquire residence simply
from the fact of being quartered in any section
of the country. In the acts establishing the
Territories of Nebraska and Nevada I find the
following clause :
"That no officer, soldier, seaman, or marine, or
other person in the Army or Navy of the United
States, or attached to troops in the service of the
United State?, shall be allowed to vote or hold omce
in said Territory by reason of being on service
therein." *
It is the principle and the policy of the law
and of the Government that military men shall
not by virtue of any service which they may
render in their vocation be entitled to any of
the advantages of holding office or voting at
elections.
General Ames was not, in my opinion, an
inhabitant of Mississippi ; he was not a resi-
dent of Mississippi; but he was an occupier,
or moi e properly a sojourner in that State. "To
sojourn" is to continue in a place as a temporary
resident or as a stranger, not considering the
place as a permanent habitation. That was
precisely the condition of General Ames when
he was clected to the Senate of the United
States.
So conscious are those who have advocated
his claim that it was necessary for General
Ames to have performed some act to make
him a citizen of Mississippi that they rely upon
his having become a candidate for an office.
That is what I understand they rely upon to
entitle him to his seat. Why, sir, what is
it to become a candidate for an omce/ ine
committee state in their report that «P°"
solicitation being made to General Ames o
become a candidate he at first declined, b
after importunity he consented. .lhat.1® n°™".
ing but giving a consent of the min<*
others may elect him to an office. Is the
mere assent of the mind, indicated by an ex-
pression of the lips, to constitute an act which
