4194
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Juno 8,
cerned, for the South was so impoverished that
it was not a market for anything.
The South, then, was -not the only section
of the country that felt oppression in its busi-
ness because of the war, but it extended to
the country dependent, in a measure, on t,he
South for a market. Our business in the West
is perishing and crumbling for the want of cur-
rency. Plows are standing idle in the furrows
for the want of money to pay for labor. Our
mechanics are out of employment because
there is no currency in the country. Our to-
bacco manufacturers are doing but a small
business because they can not get money enough
to pay the tax. Every branch of industry is
starving atfd dying for the want of sufficient
mouey in the country to sustain them. We
have but little of the national currency, because
of its unequal distribution, and you have taxed
our State batiks out of existence.
Give to the West the share of currency to
which her millions of enterprising people, her
constantly developing wealth, her exhaustless
and magnificent resources, her infant and strug-
gling manufactories, and her magnificent area
entitle her, and it will not be long before the
music of the plane, the hammer, and the anvil
will be heard in foundery atid machine-shop
from one end of that great country to the other.
Do this, and the farmers on our western
prairies will cheerfully turn and cultivate the
sod, which must otherwise lie idle. Do this, and
business of all kinds will receive a new impetus
throughout the West and South, and will have
a tendency to satisfy the people who feel, and
justly feel, that they have been unfairly dealt
with.
And finally, Mr. Speaker, I appeal to gentle-
men who represent, upon this floor the States
enjoyingthisvastmonopolyof currency. I seek
to create no alarm among the banks enjoying
this monopoly, but unless something is done to
correct this wrong and evil the people will brush
away this whole banking system as they would
the cobweb of a single night. All that we ask
is to deal fairly by a people struggling bard to
develop the riches and wealth nature has so
abundantly given them.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have said all that I
desired to say, and if I have spoken warmly it
is because I feel keenly the wrong and injus-
tice that have been done the West, and which,
in my judgment, will be perpetuated should
this bill become a law. If anything I have
said shall have the effect of aiding in bring-
ing speedy justice to my State and section, I
shall be proud indeed. If it does not have the
effect to arrest and correct the wrong we com-
plain of I shall at least have the satisfaction
of knowing that I raised, as best I could, my
voice against it.
Mr. INGERSOLL and Mr. ASPER sub-
mitted amendments in the nature of substitutes
for the ponding bill, which, under the order of
the House this morning, were received, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. INGERSOLL obtained the floor ; but
yielded to
Mr. HOLM AN, who moved that the House
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at eight o'clock and thirty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
By Mr. TAYLOR: A petition for the change
of name of the vessel <! Reading Railroad No.
42, of Philadelphia," to that of "H. B. Beatty,
of Bristol, Pennsylvania/'
petitions, i5to.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. DIXON: The petition of Ethan Ray
Clarke and Samuel Ward Clarke, asking that
a warrant be issued to them for lands in the
public domain in lieu of a ccrtain tract of land
in the State of Florida confirmed to them by
act of Congress of July 4, 18G8.
By Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee: A memo-
rial of Israelites of the city of Memphis, Ten-
nessee, upon the subject of the late massacre
of the Israelites in Roumania.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, June 8, 1870.
Prayer by Rev. J. G. Butler, Chaplain of
the House of Representatives.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petitions of
John D. Glenn, of Pittsylvania county, Vir-
ginia, and of Henry P. Gill, of Mecklenburg
county, Virginia, praying for the removal of
their political disabilities; which were referred
to the select Committee on the Removal of
Political Disabilities.
Mr. GILBERT (in the absenpe of Mr. Rev-
els) presented the petition of Rev. James Read
and others, in behalf of the Israel African
Methodist Episcopal church, of Washington,
District of Columbia, praying compensation for
injuries to their church property and lands by
reason of the extension of the Capitol grounds;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. SPRAGUE presented additional papers
in the case of Jane D. Mumford, praying to
be allowed a pension ; which were referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HARRIS presented the memorial of
Andrew Brown, of Natchez, Mississippi, pray-
ing compensation for property taken by Uni-
ted States troops in 1864 ; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. SPENCEK presented three memorials
of members of the bar and citizens of Ala-
bama, praying that no change be made in the
judicial districts of that State; which were
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DRAKE. I present a memorial of the
Prison Association, of New York, in relation
to the commutation of sentences granted to
United States prisoners. I desire to say that
the prayer of the memorialists is one which
seems to me eminently worthy of the attention
of the Senate and of Congress. I move its
reference to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of cit-
izens of New York, praying for the removal
of all taxes on sales of merchandise, and
especially for the abolition of the income
tax ; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. PATTERSON presented the memorial
of Samuel Gardiner, electrician, praying for
payment of an unpaid balance due him for cost
and labor of lighting the Rotunda and new
Dome of the Capitol; which was referred to
tho Committee on Claims.
Mr. CARPENTER presented the memorial
of James M. Selvier and other citizens of New
York city, praying for the passage of the pend-
ing bill to incorporate the International Society
of the United States for the Protection of
Immigration ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Jydiciary.
davis hatch—dominican affairs.
Mr. PERRY. I present the petition, with
accompanying papers, of Davis Hatch, a citizen
of Connecticut, setting forth grievances suf-
fered by him at the hands of the Dominican
Government, and asking the attention of Con-
gress to those grievances and intervention in
his behalf. I shall move the reference of tho
petition and accompanying papers to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, with instructions
to inquire into and report upon the alleged
facts, and with power to send for persons and
papers. I shall do so because of the singular
state of facts developed by the petition and
accompanying papers, and the other evidence
to which I have been referred and which I am
instructed to lay before ^he Committee on For-
eign Relations.
Under the rule, as briefly as possible, 1 will
state what these facts and circumstances, as
set forth in the petition and papers, are.
Mr. Hatch was arrested, as he claims, with-
out any violation of any law, and by the order
of the President of the Dominican republic
was sentenced to death, for the purpoBe, not of
having the sentence carried into execution, but
to furnish a pretext fora further imprisonment
of Mr. Hatch. Almost immediately after the
sentence had been passed it was commuted to
banishment; but upon attempting to avail him-
self of this commutation he was forbidden to
do so, was closely confined in an unhealthy
and crowded prison, and upon making appli-
cation to the commercial agent of the United
States, invested with the powers of a United
States minister resident, so far as such powers
were invested in anybody at that place, that
officer, then Mr. Smith, after making repeated
efforts to procure the release of Mr. Hatch,
found himself prevented and put off and de-
layed until lie himself was relieved and Mr.
Raymond II. Perry, the present commercial
agent, was sent there. lie renewed the effort
to procure the release of Mr. Hatch ; and it
now turns out that at the time when, under the
instructions of the State Department, our com-
mercial agent was endeavoring to procure tho
release of a citizen of the United States unlaw-
fully imprisoned, General Babcock, commis-
sioner of the United States, was intervening
against the release of the prisoner, upon his
own avowed declaration to the American com-
mercial agent that if the prisoner was released
he, after his release, would interfeie with and
be an obstacle in the way of the project of the
annexation of San Domingo, which General
Babcock had then in charge.
Owing to this intervention of an officer of
the Army of the United States there on the
spot, having under his control the Navy of the
United States, an innocent citizen of the Uni-
ted States was for months kept confined in a
crowded and unhealthy prison, and finally only
released upon the .demand made by Admiial
Poor to the president of the Dominican repub-
lic, to whom the president of the Dominican
republic had made the same excuse for the
non-release of Hatch, to wit, that Hatch, if
released, would operate against the ratification
of the treaty of annexation. So that upon the
statement of the Dominican authorities them-
selves to these officers of our Government this
man for more than six months, without any
charge against liim, was kept confined in a
Dominican prison, lest, if released, he should
make known here in washington objections
which existed to the consummation of the
annexation of San Domingo.
Now, I state these facts, fully and clearly
understanding the entire import of what I say ;
and I say also that an officer of the United
States who has thus intervened against the
diplomatic authority of his own Government
to keep an innocent citizen in prison, lest he
should interfere with the objects which that
officer had there at the time in the negotiations
which he was pursuing, deserves no longer to
be an officer of the United States.
Mr. SUMNER. He ought to be cashiered
at once.
Mr. FERRY. It is for these reasons—be-
cause of the remarkable developments which
have been made known to me, and of which I
offer upon my responsibility as a Senator to
produce the proof—that I move that the peti-
tion and the accompanying papers be referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations, with
instructions to inquire into and reporttlie facts,
and with power to send for persons and papers.
Mr. WILLIAMS. What officer is it V
Mr. FERRY. General Babcock.
Mr. SUMNER. The negotiator of the treaty.'
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, I have
had occasion to know something about this
matter. This man Hatch was an American,
who went down there and got a concession of
a salt mine or something of that kind. He is
