3250
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
best for the people to coufess their sins. It is
very easy to confess the sins of other people,
and therefore I hope my honorable friend will
not be particularly nervous on this subject.
Mr. POME ROY. Iam not at all converted;
but I found then that the Senator from Maine
insisted ou retaining this very language.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. We say that we
will pay for this stolen property, but with a
proviso that we will not pay for stolen prop-
erty to an amount beyond $40,000. Why that
limitation? The implication, of course, is that
wo have stolen a larger sum.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to ask the
Senator from Maine who he understands to
hold these claims for stolen horses ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have no in-
formation on that subject. If the Indians have
had the good fortune, if they had any claims
to hold them to this day, it is contrary to my
experience. They have probably passed into
the hands of some expert maoipulator, who is
here in the interest ot the Indians to see that
their rights arising from stolen property are
at least recognized by the Senate of the United
States, to the end that somebody shall get the
pay-
Then I find op the eleventh page of the bill
a proposition for the distribution of the money
after the Government of the United States shall
receive back what they propose to pay. It
reads as follows:
And after the United States shall have reeeived
from tbe proceeds of the sale of said lands, over and
above the cost of the survey and sale thereof, the
amount provided forin the second section and fourth
section of this net, and the said sum of $2,000,000, with
•earned interest, including in such estimate the pro-
ceeds of the sales of the so-called Osage trust lands,
which may have accrued before the approval of thi3
act, the residua of said lands shall be disposed of as
other public lands: Frovided, howevtr. That nothing
in this act shall be so construed as to prevent the
application of the so-called "town-site laws," and
the law making a grant of the sixteenth and thirty-
sixth sections in each township of the publio lands
to the State of Kansas for the support of publio
schools, to said lands, in such a manner as not to
interfere with the prior rights of actual settlers as
aforesaid.
You will perceive that the Indians have no
interest in that; that after having confirmed
the title of the squatters at $1 25 an acre,
treating them precisely as if they had been
bona fide settlers under the preemption laws
of the Government, the balance of the land ia
to be disposed of for the public interest, not
for the Indians.
My honorable friend from Kansas [Mr. Pom-
eroy] yesterday moved to strike oat of this bill
in several places the word "nation." He
thought it was too dignified a phrase alto-
gether to be vised in reference to these tribes
of Indians. From the very great respect I have
for my honorable friend I was extremely sorry
that he should feel called upon to rise in the
Senate of the United States and make an objec-
tion to the passage of a bill, or, in other words,
move to modify a bill, because in describing
these Indian tribes they were called " a nation.
I ask my honorable friend whether he thinks
that violates the history of this country ? X
should like to ask whether he thinks applying
the word "nation" to the Indian tribes of this
country is either in bad taste or contrary to
generally recognized fact in the history of this
country?
Mr. POMEROY. I do say that we have
generally called them "tribes latterly. When
the white people were few and the Indians
many we got in the habit of calling the Indians
a nation; but latterly they have dwindled down
to almost nothing, and we call them "tribes."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is the ex-
planation above all others thatl regret my hon-
orable friend should make, and that is a most
sorry commentary upon our dealings with the
Indians.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator will read
the Constitution of the United States he will
find they are there called "tribes,"not "na-
tions."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Let us look at
that explanation for a moment. My. honorable
friend says that in early times, when wo were
weak and the Indians were powerful, we did
out of deference to them call them " nations,"
but now we have become strong, and they
under our policy have become feeble and in
some sense fugitive; now we withdraw the
appellation of" nations " and call them savage
men ; now it is no longer becoming in us to
call them a nation 1
Why, sir, the Indians constituted nations
before we had a national existence. Does
not my honorable friend know that? Does he
not know that there were the Six Nations who
were historic in thiscountry,and in theannalsof
Great Britain, the mother country, and always
recognized as nations? Does he not know that
while we were lighting the battles of the Rev-
olution the Continental Congress sent commis-
sioners on their bended knees to treat with
these people as a nation? Do we not know
that General Washington invited these Indians
to conference; and did he not say in the most
graceful and courteous language to these In-
dians, " You are our brethren?" Did he not
say, "We make common cause with you
against the invaders of our common country?"
And during that great struggle did we not
enter into treaties of amity and commerce and
alliance, mutually binding ourselves with them
in a common cause for this country, calling it
their country, our country?
And now the honorable Senator from Kan-
sas, representing a constituency who in a pecu-
liar sense have succeeded to the inheritance
of the Indians, and these people have been
stripped of the last refuge of their country,
feels authorized to rise in his place here and
publicly to withdraw from them the appella-
tion of "nation;" and in the arrogance of
pride of power—I say it in no offensive sense—
says they have "dwindled" to an insignificance
beneath our notice ; and notwithstanding the
great Washington could salute them as breth-
ren and invoke their cooperation in the great
cause of liberty, now, in their day of weak-
ness, we sputa them, we treat them with con-
tempt; now they are savages, blanket sav-
ages, plains savages. In the name of Heaven,
if we will exterminate these people, as we will,
let them have the record which belongs to
their name at least. Let them go into history
as nations once existing in this country, now
scattered, broken, and fugitive. If you. will
not throw the protection of your power about
them, to shield them from the oppression and
extinction which wait upon them, at least do
not brand them.
There has been a telegram received in this
city to the effect that "Mr. Joy has sent a large
body of men across the Osage lands, and they
have broken ground in the Indian territory,
and that settlers are already organizing to fol-
io w and take possession of the Cherokee lands.''
That does not surprise me. This is a tele-
gram just received.
Mr.POMEROY. Mr. Joy has not sent a man
across the Osage lands, because there are no
Osage lands on the line of his road—not a foot.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This is signed
by Felix R. Brunot.
Mr. POMEROY. Mr. Joy has not sent a
man on the Osage lands. The Osage lauds do
not lie on the line of his road. The statement
is not true.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This comes from
Felix R. Brunot, chairman of the Indian com-
mission.
Mr. HARLAN. Where is it dated?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is not dated.
It has just been handed to me.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator himself
knows that these Osage lands are not on the
line of any road that Mr. Joy is building.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No; I do not.
The Senator assumes what I do not know. I
do not say it is so.
Mr. POMEROY. I know it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Now, let, ug
look at page 5 of this bill. It is a rich bill. ]
do not know that I will ever be able to get
through with it. [Laughter.] On page 5 we
find some provision for the distribution of this
fund:
And after deducting the cost of land for a perma-
nent home in the Indian territory, and tho amount
of their ascertained indebtedness, as hereinbefore
provided, and t tie necessary coat of removal to their
new homes and temporary support for a period not
exceeding six months—
Mind you, all these things are to be de-
ducted—
the residue of said $1,600,000 shall be placed to their
credit on the books of the Treasury of tho United
States, and bear interest at the rate of five per cent,
per annum.
That is too much interest for an Indian.
That is altogether too much for a blanket
Indian. It is not enough for a civilized man by
a good deal. We have been trying to get our
bonds off at five per cent. We are paying six
per cent, semi-annually. But five per cent,
for an Indian is too much, say the committee;
that must be put at four per cent. You might
just as well say "four" as "five," because
you have the power; you are assuming the
absolute dominion ; the Indians have no voice
in it ; and so it is amended to read four per
cent.
The interest on $125,000 shall be paid for tho sup-
port of schools in said nation.
I am glad to see that; but that is a pretty
liberal appropriation for savages, and blanket
savages at that, and only four thousand of
them. Another provision:
The interest on $375,000 shall be paid in cash for—
What?
national purposes.
Why not say " tribal purposes?'' Why call
them "national purposes?" If you have
scruples at calling these people a nation, why
talk about "national purposes?" How is
that? The symmetry and harmony of that
thing are not quite apparent to me. What are
these national purposes ? Can anybody ima-
gine ? The chairman of the committee can teli
if he will, doubtless, but he has not done so;
and therefore I am left entirely to conjecture.
The interest on 1375,000 shall be paid in cash for
national purposes.
That may mean one thing; it may mean
another; it may mean a great many; but what-
ever meaning you apply to it, it is most extraor-
dinary that the committee, who are nervous
over the application of the appellation of " na-
tion" to these people, should think it worth
while to appropriate the interest of $375,000
for "national purposes."
Mr. HARLAN. Does the honorable Sen-
ator want to know now why those items are
put in?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like to
know what those "national purposes" are.
Mr, HARLAN. I hold in my hand a copy
of the treaty which provides that—
"The interest of $300,000 shall be paid in cash for
national purposes."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What treaty is
that?
Mr. HARLAN. The treaty signed by the
Indians.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Of what date?
Mr. HARLAN. It is the same treaty to
which the honorable Senator referred as having
been before the committee when he was its
head—the treaty of June 13, 1868.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope my
honorable friend will not seriously answer me
by calling that a treaty, a proposition which
somebody made and which was rejected.
Mr. HARLAN. Very well; we will come
to that presently.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. We are on it
now.
Mr. HARLAN. The honorable Senator
wants to know why these funds are to be dis-
tributed in a certain manner.
