348
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 17,
Ho. op Reps.
Naval Appropriations—Mr. Cox,
41st Cokg 2d Sess.
tables -which the gentleman from Wisconsin
appends to his speech, but a few words are
necessary. The late Administration in its
management of the Navy Department through
an unexampled period in the history of our
own or any other country, always kept within
the means which Congress provided. These
aieans for the last two or three years of its
'/management were in some respects less liberal
than tbe estimates submitted by the then Sec-
retary, which were, however, in the last year
$7,000,000 less than asked' by Secretary Robe-
son. Ex-Secretary Welles, in his reports and
by repeated special communications which I
have quoted, pointed out the injury that must
result from some of these reduced and inade-
quate appropriations. Having done this he
conformed to the law and limited his aetiorf to
the means given him. He cut his garment
according to his cloth. He would not, espe-
cially in time of peace, expend funds unappro-
priated. If Congress would notadopthispofiey,
and be governed by his recommendations, he
conformed to theirs and shaped his measures
accordingly.
That Secretary wiio for eight years adminis-
tered tho affairs of thai. Department—a longer
period than any other Secretary of the Navy
from tho origin of the Government—who had
tho implicit confidence of Lincoln and John-
son, never found it necessary to dismiss sud-
denly and without notice six, fhousand men
from the navy-yards in mid-winter because he
had exhausted the funds which Congress had
appropriated.
Secretary Welles never had occasion to cume
to Congress at tho close of tho first six month*
of the fiscal year with tho lamentable talc that
ho had in those six months expended the whole
appropriation for the entire fiscal your, and a
confession that in consequence ol maladmin-
istration and bad management, the labor in our
ship-yards must cease. He never came to
Congress with a pitiable story of funds ex-
hausted, and to eke out the remainder of the
year presented a patehed-up scheme for ii
transfer of certain unexpended balances to
conceal tho deficicnces created. In these and
other important particulars there was a wide
difference between the former and present
administration of tho Navy Department.
Certain tables are appended to this speech
of tho gentloraau from Wisconsin, presenting
aggregates of monthly expenditures during the
last year of the late Administration and the first,
year of this. That Administration, it must bo
remembered, was closing Uji the: war expenses
and the outstanding contracts, as well as carry-
ing forward the current expenditines of the
year. The money drawn for those war ex-
penses and contracts had boon appropriated,
and was legitimately applied. Not so with the
new Administration, which has spent, millions
beyond the appropriation for the fiscal year in
expenses not authorized and for which there was
no appropriation. It is an old and true saying
that "a new broom sweeps clean," Jt is here
exemplified. The new Administration went,
to work and literally swept the Treasury clean
of all Navy appropriations, and of a large
portion of the unexpended balances which it
inherited from its predecessor. Earnest at-
tempts were made in the early part of this
session, by inquiry and by resolution, to get, at
the facts—the actual expenses, the financial
condition, the true history and details of the
operations of the Department; but the majority
would not permit the disclosure. Such attempts
and such failures would, at any epoch in an
English administration, topple down in dis-
I graceful discomfiture any administration of the
English Government.
The Secretary in his annual report failed to
make the usual exhibit, as the law requires, of
expenses and available means for the fiscal
year, a circumstance in itself to excite suspi-
cion, and which their tables, artfully arranged
and prepared in the Department, do not satisfy.
The Department, as I have shown, had on
hand in March, 1869, when General Grant
was inaugurated, an unexpended balance of
$21,912,185 35 ; there was appropriated for
the current fiscal year $15,870,531 60. A
second extra appropriation was made a few
weeks since in order that the Department might
not wholly suspend business of $2,000,000;
making a total of §39,782,716 35.
Where are these $40,000,000. Where?
Where ?
So far as I can ascertain over twelve millious
have been expended in changes and alterations
of vessels, often to their injury, impairing their
speed and efficiency. These changes have been
ordered, as I understand, without consultation
with or by the advice of the naval constructors,
and without authority from or appropriation by
Congress.
I regret to see that efforts have been made
and are persisted in to disparage our naval
vessels and the character of our Navy by those
who should defend them. The Secretary of
tho Navy, joining in this clamor, says:
"Wo havo not at this time on any foreign station
a squadron whoso combined forco would avail for a
day against the powerful sea-going iron-clads which
both l'ranco and England havo on the samo sta-
tions."
Wo do not require those extravagant and
expensive ships to protect our rights in time
of peace, and the force oil every station would
be changed by war. Tho comparatively inex-
pensive vessels which we havo are amply sulli-
eient for present purposes. But the Secretary
in his report calls for the construction of ten
of these costly vessels—each costing millions—
four to bo built immediately. This, under
existing circumstances, is not good adminis-
tration ; and 1 do not believe the committee
have sanctioned tho recommendation—pre
ceded though it was by a defamation of our
ships by the head of the Navy Department.
We have some seventy steamers of various
grades besides iron-clads, sailing vessels, and
store-ships—vessels unsurpassed by those of
any other Power in their several grades. We
have not the immense armored ships, costing
each several millions, such as England and
Franco possess. Nor is it expedient that we
we should in this period of debt and taxation,
if ever, plungo into the enormous expense of
building such ships and keeping them in com-
mission in time of peace. It would be bad
economy at any time. Our naval policy has
been, and should be, different from that of the
border maritime Powers of Europe. To imi-
tate them in their useless extravagance would
be unwise and un American.
Our present Navy is adequate for our present
wants. It is greater and far better than it ever
was before the late civil war, and no hostilities
are impending requiring an increase. "Let
us have peace;" lot us get out of debt; let us
reduce our taxes; let us relieve the country
from the overwhelming pressure that, has crip-
pled our commerce and is crushing the ener-
gies and spirit of the people.
The committee propose to appropriate $1,-
000,000 more by the present bill than was
appropriated one year ago, notwithstanding
there has been an expenditure of over twelve
million dollars during the last year in repairs
and alterations. Either the last Congress failed
in its duty in reducing the estimates of Secre-
tary Welles to so low a figure as §15,000,000,
or the present bill, appropriating over sixteen
million dollars, after the large expenditures in
excess of the appropriations of tho current
year, is wrong. Congress, by its increased
appropriations, and the present managers of
xhe Navy DepaUment. by their large expend-
iturc over and above tho appropriations, are
b.3.^tir-viii;c a r")mr>lime>ir, on tho judgment, cor-
rect estimates, and proper administration of
the late Secretary.
APPROPRIATION BILL.
The bill making appropriations for the naval
service for the year ending 30th June, 1871,
does not carry out that principle of economy
which has been professed. The total appro-
priations in this bill exceed those made one
year ago by nearly one million dollars, whereas
after the very large expenditures which have
been made since the advent of this Administra-
tion in repairs and alterations of both vessels
and navy-yards a reduction rather than an
increase of appropriations might in this day of
debt and taxation have been expected. I have
already shown that the Navy Department had
received since tbe 1st of March the sum of
$37,782,716 95. This is exclusive of the sum
of $7,799,373 derived from materials on hand
and sales of various kinds, which the Secretary
calls refunding, a large portion of which should
be added to the above amount, showing that
there will have been an expenditure of over
forty million dollars by the 1st of July next,
in the first sixteen months of this Administra-
tion by the Navy Department. Where, I ask
a<rain and again does this forty millions go?
What has been done with all this money?
The late Secretary, Mr. Welles, estimated that
there would be required for necessary repairs,
S3,000,000 over and above tho $15,000,000
appropriated. 'This was all he asked, and
Congress refused it. lie would not, after that
refusal, invade the Treasury, but limited his ac-
tion to the means given him. But this Adminis-
tration has been governed by no such restrain Is.
It has expended more than twice fifteen mil-
lions, nearly threo times that amount, or will
have done so by the 30th of June next; and
what luisbeen done with the money? Seeretaiv
Welles asked for $5,000,000 more than was up
propriated for repairs and necessary expenses,
but could not get it. This Administration hir<
expended more than §20,000,000 in excess of
the appropriations for the current year, and
now it is proposed, after all repairs have been
made, to increase the naval appropriations
$770,000 over the appropriations made one
year ago. Why is it? There is beyond ques-
tion unnecessary, unauthorized, and unwar-
rantable expenditure in tho Navy Department,
such as the country cannot sanction and will
not sanction. 'The Committee on Appropria-
tions cut down tho lavish estimates of the Sec-
retary more than one third; but, are there not
other matters where retrenchment may be
exercised ?
I'.XAUIJIOEIZEI) AND COSTLY CHANCES.
I understand that some costly, unnecessary,
and [ apprehend injudicious changes are being-
made in some of our naval vessels, of which
Congress is not apprised, and if it were would
not ratify. Among others I learn that the old
steamship Niagara is being cut down and armor-
plated atacostof notless than31,000,000. It
is a question on the part of experienced men
whether, after this great expense, the ship will
bo improved. I should like to know whether
any of our naval constructors have advised or
been consulted in regard to these changes?
Again; tho Kalamazoo, which the Secretary
of the Navy has without authority of law under-
taken to call the Colossus, is to be changed.
She is a vessel with two turrets. It is, I am
informed, proposed to take off her two turrets
and make her a casemate vessel with a broad-
side battery. Have the committee ascertained
the cost of these two turrets which it is pro-
posed to remove, and how much the pro-
posed change of this vessel will cost? What
are the estimates of the Construction Bureau
in these particulars, and as regards both these
vessels? Did the bureau advise or recommend
these changes? Was the brsreau consulted?
Or is this expense of two of tbjee millions
