2306
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31.
is to make a man an inhabitant or a resident
of a State ? That is no act at all. It is merely
a consent that others may elect him if they
see fit.
But the Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Scott} laid great stress on the fact of his elec-
tion by, the Legislature of Mississippi. That
was not his act; it was the act of a third party.
It is not ail act of another that can constitute
a man a citizen, but it roust be his own.
• The Constitution says that unless a man have
certain qualifications he shall not be a Senator ;
that if he be not an inhabitant of the State
when elected he shall not be entitled to a seat
in this body. That is the very thing wlrich the
Constitution contemplates, that an individual
may claim a seat in this body without possess-
ing the qualifications required by it. These are
conditions-precedent. lie must have these
qualifications before he can be elected. We
all know that persons have been elected to the
Senate who have not had the residence re-
quired, who have not been inhabitants of the
State when they were elected. No stress has
ever been laid upon the mere fact of an election
because the Constitution requires the persons
elected to possess these qualifications before
that election is made. We know that in the
case of Bailey, which was cited here the other
day, a gentleman from Massachusetts who
resided in Washington five or six years and
was elected to the other House, he was ruled
out because he was not an inhabitant of Massa-
chusetts. He considered Massachusetts his
residence and this a place of only temporary
residence ; that ho was a sojourner here while
his residence was in Massachusetts; but the
lower House decided very properly that al-
though he might be a resident of Massachusetts
he was not an actual inhabitant of that Stale,
and therefore was not entitled to a seat, 11 resi-
dence" notbeingsufficient, but" inhabitancy,"
showing that "inhabitant" is a stronger term
and comprehends something more than " res-
ident." 1 know that the judges in some of the
cases which have been cited have confounded
the terms "resident" and " inhabitant," but
those cases were in reference to property, to
suing in the courts, and not in reference to this
requirement of the Constitution with regard to
the qualifications of a Senator.
Then, again, I understood the Senator from
Indiana [Mr. Morton] and also the Senator
from Oregon [Mr. Williams] to say that when
credentials are presented here the presump-
tion is that the claimant is entitled to his seat
because he has been elected by a State Legisla-
ture ; and the Senator from Oregon said that
it would require potent evidence to prevent a
man from taking his seat who had been elected
by the Legislature of a State. I do not so
understand it. I understand that a man pre-
senting himself here must possess the qualifi-
cations of the Constitution. If it were not so
we might have this body half filled with per-
sons who wero either not citizens, not of the
lawful age, or not lawful inhabitants of the
State. There is no presumption arising by an
election at all, because a man must have these
qualifications; and a mere suggestion by a
Senator, a mere report in a newspaper, any-
thing which brings the subject to the mind of
the Senate, is sufficient to put the individual
upon the proof of all his qualifications. It
would be perfectly competent for the Senate
at any time to adopt a regulation requiring
every Senator before he takes his seat to
prove that he has been a citizen of the United
States for nine years, is over thirty years of
age, and was an inhabitant of the State from
which he was elected'when he was elected.
There is no presumption about it. It is not
even prima facie evidence. It is merely out
of respect and comity to the State that sends
a Senator here that he is admitted without
question. It would be a useless waste of time
for the Senate to require proof of these quali-
fications unless they had heard some rumor or
2ia,d some suspicion that the qualifications did
not exist in the party. Whenever there is any
suggestion that any one of the qualifications
required is not possessed by a Senator-elect
he is bound to prove by full and distinct proof
that he is qualified. There is no room for
presumption ; he must possess all the qualifi-
cations required by the Constitution. Nor is
it necessary, as contended for by the Senator
from Indiana [Mi-. Moktost] and others, that
in case of a doubt the onus of proof is thrown
upon the Senate. The first article of the Con-
stitution reads:
"No person shall bo a Senator who shall not have
attained to the ago of thirty years, and been nine
years a citizen of the United States, and who shall
not, when electod, bo an inhabitant of that Stato
for which ho shalt be chosen."
If questioned, the Senator-elect must provo
to the entire satisfaction of the Senate that he
possesses all the qualifications; if there bo a
doubt of any one he cannot be admitted. The
Senate cannot be called upon to prove nega-
tives; tho party claiming a seat must show his
right atlimatively and fully, beyond all doubt;
otherwise this body might contain persons who
had not ono of the qualifications which are
made prerequisites by the fundamental law.
The Senator from Nebraska [Mr. Thayer]
in the course of his remarks made an illustra-
tion which he considered as parallel to the case
of General Ames. He said:
" Suppose a citizen of New York had gono down
to Mississippi, and was. traveling casually through
tho country, not with any intention ot takmgup lus
l-e.-idenoe there when ho left homo, but in passing
t tiro ash Mississippi tie begins to think about making
his homo there, and a citizen of that Sta.tc proposes
to him it puUnership in business and they cunnnonco
to raise cot ton. Tho momonthe forms that partner-
ship lie determines to reside there ; it is his inton-
tion to doit, tic has not, even brought his lamity
there,- but being' induced by considerations which
are presented to iiini after his arrival to contemplate
staying there, ho iorm; tho determination of resid-
ing there. 11c commences his residence. In pursu-
ance of that determination tie enters into business.
But in two months that business proves unfortunate,
and when asked thoquesiion,' Wouldyou havegono
to Mississippi if you could havo foreseen this result?'
ho replies, No, if X could have foreseen this disaster
I nover would have come to Mississippi to live.' "
In that ease the man is a resident. He
engages in business, enters into partnership,
raises cotton. ■ He becomes a resident by his
acts ; tliey prove him to be a citizen ; and
having become a citizen any change of inten-
tion afterward, if he is unsuccessful in busi-
ness, to return to his former home, cannot
atl'ect the question of residence, because that
has been legally commenced and established.
The Senator from Indiana [Mr. Mortojt]
also made an illustration. He said :
"Suppose that General Ames, instead of going to
Mississippi in this character, had gone thero to plant
cotton, and ho had come to tho conclusion that he
could plant cotton and get rich. Ho wont therewith
a view of making it his homo and to plant cotton,
and lie comes up to the polls to vote, and is askedby
the judge of elections, 'What did you come here
for?' 'Well, sir, I carno here to plant cotton and
to make this rny homo.' 'Well/ says the judge of
elections, 'if you do not succeed in cotton planting,
it you fail, as a great many havo done, do you think
you will stay here V 'It is doubtful.'
He compares that case to that of General
Ames when he answered the committee that
it was doubtful whether he would havo made
Mississippi bis residence if not elected. What
analogy is there between them ? In the case
put by the Senator a man is an actual resident
engaged in business, and being unsuccessful
he concludes that he will return to his former
home at a future time. That could not affect
the question of residence or inhabitancy, al-
ready existing; but in General Ames's case
there was no business, no acts, 110 existing
inhabitancy.
Mr. SAWYER. Will the Senator yield for
a question ?
Mr. TICKERS. Yes, sir.
Mr. SAWYER. I shouldlike to ask if being
a cotton planter in Mississippi makes a man an
inhabitant of Mississippi, or an actual resident
in the technical sense of that term.
Mr. "ViCKERS. Does the Senator mean a
man who resides there?
Mr. SAWYER. I ask the question, if being
a cotton planter in Mississippi makes him an
actual resident any more than being a military
officer in Mississippi makes him a resident?
Does either act make him, per se, a resident
or inhabitant?
Mr. VICKERS. If a man be a cotton planter
in any State in the South, Mississippi, for in-
stance; if he be there an actual inhabitant of
the State, engaged in cotton planting, with an
intention of remaining there, he is of course
an inhabitant of that State. As I stated before,
if a man lives in a community and engages in
the business of that community, he becomes
identified with it, and the inference is that it
is his intention to become a citizen. You get
at the intent, Judge Marshall says, by the overt
acts. These acts are what everybody else does
engaged in business. It is being there, living
there, and engaging in the usual and ordinary
occupations of life, with the animus manendi,
or intention to remain, that constitutes a man
an inhabitant and resident.
The other case presented by the Senator from
Indiana was that of a young man going to a new
State to practice law, renting an office, engag-
ing in business, or being a candidate for busi-
ness, but who may have, if unsuccessful, an
intention to return at some indefinite period
to his former home. But the taking of an office,
the engaging ia practice of the law, holding
himself out for business with a present inten-
tion of remaining—these are acts and evidences
which constitute him an inhabitant or resident
of the place. A military man is different. He
does not go of his own accord, and does not
enter into any occupations of the citizen; he
gives 110 evidence from which you can infer an
intention. If you infer any intention at all
from the conduct of General Ames it is that
he continued there in the capacity in which he
went; his intention or purpose was to remain
as a soldier and governor, bccause he did not
engage in the acts or employment of a citizen
from which you can deduce any intention on
his part to become an inhabitant.
The senior Senator from Wisconsin [Mr.
Hoivii] said that General Ames being in Missis-
sippi that was his domicile ; and having a dom-
icile, if lie declared his intention of making that
his home that constituted him a citizen. Then
is it not apparent that you make the simple
declaration of a party evidence of his citizen-
ship ; that his saying that he intends to become
a citizen makes him one? That is contrary to
all the decisions of the courts and to all the
principles of lav/. If any question has been set
tied I think it is this of residence ; that it is the
acts of the [>arty and not his declarations only
that prove his habitancy ; and I felt some sur-
prise'tliat gentlemen soversedin thelaw,someof
whom have been judges, should take the ground
that the mere declaration of a party made him
an inhabitant. You cannot get at the intention
except by the acts, unless they be of a doubt-
ful character. If a man leave his home and
remove to another State for the purpose of
becoming an inhabitant of that State, if he takes
his goods or his family with him, his declara-
tions when he leaves his home may be given
in evidence to qualify and explain the character
of his removal; but his conductis his removal
and settlement.
_ There tho declarations of a party may be
given in evidence to explain his acts; and it is
only when tho acts are of a doubtful character
that the declarations are admissible at all.
But in the case of General Aines it appears to
me that those who advocate his claim make
his_ declaration that he intended to become a
citizen of Mississippi everything. They seem
to invert all the rules of law and the rules of
evidence, and to infer the acts from the inten-
tion, instead of the intention from the acts.
They make a declared intent, which any one
could make, whether true or false, paramount
to that true and essential element in citizen-
ship, the conduct of the party, which all men
observe and note. ; ;
