1362
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
conditions to be injudicious and unwise, some
regarding them to be unconstitutional, should
acquiesce in imposing them upon another State
under such circumstances ? What are the rea-
sons that are given for the impositiou of those
conditions?
The people of the State of Mississippi were
authorized by an act passed at the last session
of Congress, in April, 1869, to vote upon their
constitution, which had already been submitted
by Congress. By that act the President of the
United States was authorized either to submit
that constitution to the voters of Mississippi as
a whole, or to submit portions of it to a dis-
tinct and separate vote. The constitution was
submitted, I think, on the 80th of November
last; and with unexampled unanimity, by a
vote of more than one hundred and thirteen
thousand to less than one thousand, that con-
stitution was ratified. The constitution con-
tains clauses securing the rights of voters, and
also guarantying education. It is acceptable
in every particular. No Senator has made
any objection to the constitution of the State
of Mississippi. It has been ratified by her
people almost unanimously. And she now
comes here in pursuance of your law and asks
to be admitted to representation in Congress.
And what do you propose? Do you propose
to admit her ? No, sir; you propose to impose
• conditions upon her, and for what? Will any
Senator tell me what you are to gain by it;
what good is to be accomplished by it?
In a party point of view is there any object
on the part of Senators here in forcing those
of their associates who believe these provisions
unconstitutional to vote against them? Why
impose these conditions ? I say to you that in
good faith you cannot do it. I say to you that
as a Congress of the United States you are
bound to receive Mississippi when she has
complied with your conditions. You have
said so; and it would be no more dishonorable
for the Congress of the United States to repu-
diate its public debt, to break its faith and
refuse to pay its honest creditors, than it is to
break its faith and refuse to keep it with the
State of Mississippi. You pledged your faith
to her; and I will read the clause of the statute
in which you gave that pledge, and I insist
that there is no escape from it in the mind of
any candid and fair-minded man.
Mr. DRAKE. Will the Senator from Illi-
nois allow me to ask a question?
Mr. TRUMBULL'. Certainly.
Mr. DRAKE. I would wish, if my memory
is incorrect on one point, to have it corrected
by the Senator from Illinois at this time, as I
understand him to be closing the debate. If
my memory is correct, when we had the bill up
here for the admission of Arkansas and five or
six other States, the same ground was taken,
that by imposing an additional condition upon,
those States in the bill we violated the faith
implied in the previous bill; and unless my
memory is at fault the honorable Senator from
Illinois contended that we did not violate faith
in imposing additional conditions, but that we
had a right to impose any, even at that point
of time. If my memory is wrong the honor-
able Senator will please correct me.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the Senator is
mistaken. I acquiesced in the imposition of
conditions on that occasion, as I did in the case
of Virginia; but I was not their advocate, and
I was very reluctant indeed to have them
adopted. My recollection is that while I acqui-
esced in them, as I have shown in the other
eases, I did not think it proper to impose them.
But, Mr. President, the analogy between
those States and Mississippi is not complete;
and I call the Senator's attention to the fact
that however it might be in regard to those
States, a subsequent law has changed the anal-
ogy in regard to the State of Mississippi, and
-that we have pledged our faith to Mississippi
as honorable men to receive her here, without
any other conditions than those laid down in
the statute. Now, I propose to show that by '
the law itself, and I appeal to the candor of
Senators, when I have read the law, to answer
the question, if as honorable men we are not
bound to stand by the statute that we ourselves
passed. The fourth section of the act of April
10, 1869, provided—
"That tho President of the United States may in
like manner
That is, in the same manner as the constitu-
tion was allowed to be submitted in Virginia
by the first section of the act—
"resubmit the constitution of Mississippi to the
voters of said State, at such time and in such man-
ner as he may direct, either the entire constitution
or separate provisions of tho same, as provyled in
tho first section of this act, to a separate vote; and
at the same election the voters may vote for and
elect the members of the Legislature and all the
State officers provided for in said constitution, and
members of Congress."
Then the sixth section declares—
"That before the States of Virginia, Mississippi,
and Texas shall be admitted to representation in
Congress, their several Legislatures, which may be
hereafter lawfully organized, shall ratify the fif-
teenth article which has been proposed by Congress
to the several States as an amendment to the Consti-
: tutioa of the United States."
Here you will see what they were to do. They
I were to vote on the Constitution; they were to
| elect a Legislature; that Legislature was to
I ratify the fifteenth amendment before the State
I should be admitted to representation; all of
which Mississippi has done. She has elected
her Legislature; her Legislature has ratified
the fifteenth amendment and furnished us the
official evidence of the fact. Now what says
the seventh section ?
" That the proceedings in any of said States shall
not be deemed final or operate as a complete restora-
tion thereof until"—
What?
"Until their actions, respectively, shall be ap-
proved by Congress."
I submit to any Senator here, do you approve
the action of Mississippi in adopting her con-
stitution ? Has any Senator said he did not ?
Do you approve the action of Mississippi in
electing her Legislature? Has any Senator
said he did not ? Do you approve the action
of Mississippi in ratifying the fifteenth amend-
ment? Will any Senator say he does not?
Then you do approve the action of Mississippi
in all she has done. Then was she not to be
admitted to representation on this approval ?
That is to say, this action of hers should not
" operate as a complete restoration until" it
was "approved by Congress;" not until you
proposed additional conditions. Are you not
bound, when you do approve her action, to
admit her to representation ? Will any Senator
tell me that he disapproves of any one thing
she has done? She has come up to all your
requirements strictly. She has done every-
thing you asked her to do ? She has sent rep-
resentatives to Congress satisfactory to the most
exacting of its members; and now what do
you propose to do? You say to her " we will
not admit you except on conditions." What
sort of conditions? "Conditions that you
shall never change your constitution in certain
respects." Why, Mr. President, she does not
propose to change her constitntion. What
guarantee have you that she will not? Her
constitution provides a mode for its change;
and what is it? The constitution which the
people of Mississippi have adopted in that
State provide the means of its amendment;
and how can it be done ? It cannot be done
except in this way:
"Whenever two thirds of each branch of the Le-
gislature shall deem any change, alteration, or '
amendment necessary tothis constitution, such pro- :
posed change, alteration, or amendment shall be
read and passed by a two-thirds vote of eaoh House,
respectively, on each day for three several days.
Public notice shall then be given by the Secretary
of State at least three months preceding the next
general election, at which thequalified electors shall
vote directly for or against such change, alteration,
or amendment; and if more than one amendment
shall be submitted at one time, they shall be sub-
mitted in such manner and form that the people may
vote for or against each amendment separately: and !
if it shall appear that a majority of the qualified '
electors voting for members of the Legislature sball 1
have voted for the proposed change, alteration, or
amendment, then it shall bo inserted by the next
succeeding Legislature as a part of this Constitu-
tion, and not otherwise."
Now, sir, this constitution of Mississippi
which guaranties education, guaranties the
right of suffrage, guaranties the right to hold
office, cannot be changed except by going
through all these processes : first, a two-thirds
vote of each branch of the Legislature upon
three several days; then a majority of all her
electors upon each separate amendment. Is
there not safety in that ?
I insist that we are bound in good faith to
recognize the State of Mississippi as entitled
to representation when we have approved her
action. But there are other objections to
these fundamental conditions. They have been
placed upon two grounds. The Senator from
Michigan [Mr. Howard] and the Senator from
Indiana [Mr. Morton] place them upon one
ground, which is that Congress has a right to
impose these conditions under that clause of
the Constitution which requires the United
States to guaranty to every State in the Union
a republican form of Government. The Sen-
ator from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] is not sat-
isfied with placing the conditions upon that
ground; he thinks it untenable ; and he seeks
to maintain these conditions as a contract, as
a compact between the U nited States and the
State of Mississippi, which will be inviolable.
In ray judgment both these grounds are clearly
untenable.
But first, as to that clause of the Constitu-
tion which guaranties a republican form of
government, what is the meaning of the word
"guarantee?" It does not mean to " create"
a republican form of government. The legal
definition of that word, as found in the law-
books—and we are to resort to the legal defi-
nition to learn its meaning—is this: " A guar-
antee is a promise for the payment of some
debt"—that does not apply here—"or the
performance of some duty in case of the failure
of another person who in the first instance
is liable to such payment or performance."
That is all a guarantee is. It is a promise to
answer for tlje performance of some duty in
case of the failure of another whose duty it is
in the first instance to perform it. That does
not authorize us to establish a republican form
of government in a State. Here is a repub-
lican form of government already established,
as we all admit, in the State of Mississippi.
All that the Congress of the United States can
do is to see that they do not set up an anti-
republican form of government.
Mr. HOWARD. Allow me to ask my hon-
orable friend this question: suppose a State
should set up an anti-republican forin of gov-
ernment and put it in actual operation, and
be content with it, would the Congress of the
United States have any authority to interfere?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Congress of the
United States unquestionably under the Con-
stitution of the United States, whenever any
State in the Union undertakes to set up a mon-
archy or a government that is not republican,
would have a right to interfere and guaranty
a republican form of government; but this
does not prevent a State from changing its
constitution in any way so that it is republican.
Mr. HOWARD. Allow me to ask one further
question. Would it not be the right of Con-
gress in such a case as that, provided the mass
of the people of the State were opposed to a
constitutional government, to make a consti-
tutional form of government and impose it
upon them in order to carry out the guarantee,
and do that which the people of the State were
bound to do?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Most clearly not. Under
do circumstances whatever can Congress make
a constitution for a State. It would be an act
of usurpation, and nothing else. It can guar-
anty a constitution, but the people of the State
must make the constitution.
Mr. CAMERON. Allow me to ask my
