1870.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
349
41st Cosg....2d Sess.
Appropriations for the Navy—Mr. Morgan.
Ho. op Reps.
on these two vessels ordered by an irresponsible
naval officer placed in the Department without
Jaw and without senatorial approval? Are not
a large portion of the immense expenditures of
the Navy Department attributable to the same
irresponsible source?
On page 7 of the bill, under the head of
Equipment Bureau, there is an appropriation
of $l,500,flt)0 for coal, hemp, and other ma-
terials.
COAL, FACTS, ETC.
It was formerly customary to state the esti-
mated expense for coal, including transporta-
tion, &c., distinct from hemp, anchors, &c.,
with which there is no connection. In fact,
all appropriations should be as far as possible
specific. Such is the fact by some of the
bureaus in this bill. Such formerly was the
case with the Equipment Bureau in its estimate
for coal. The Secretary of the Navy, in his
annual report last December, takes occasion
in repeated instances to inform Congress and
the country of the immense saving which he
has made and is making in the "item of coal
alone." He declares unqualifiedly in one in-
stance that he shall make an "annual saving of
over two millions in coal alone." His boasted
economy, of which we are yet to see the first
dollar, consisted chiefly of coal; that is his
justification for the great expense incurred in
changing the character of the vessels, giving
them ship-rig, &c. ; and by his economy in
coal he excuses his establishment of a torpedo
corps, the erection of magazines, without
law, c&c.
TheSecretary has madethese lavish promises
of economy in expenditures generally, and of
coal in particular, without furnishing us any
data on which those promises are based. Had
be none? Were they mere random assertions
to impose upon us? Did he make his state
ments intelligently or ignorantly ? Let us have
the facts.
Will the committee state the number of tons
of coal which the Department estimated would
be consumed during the ensuing fiscal year;
also its first cost per ton? When the head of
a Department, the Secretary of the Navy, sol-
emnly assures us in an official document that
he is making a saving of over two million dol-
lars per year, the subject is one that should be
investigated. It is true or it is false. The
country owes him a debt of gratitude or it
does not.
The estimates of the preceding year under
the administration of Secretary Welles were
clearly and distinctly presented, and Congress
was enabled to legislate understandingly. The
estimate—
For hemp, &c -  $240,000
Kor thirty thousand tons ot coal,   480,000
For wire rope, cordage, cables, labor, &o... 000,000
Making a sum total of  _   1,320,000
All various items are crowded in this
bill under one head  1,500,000
Excess oi appropriations over estimator of
last year    ^1S0,000
So that instead of a saving of $2,000,000, as
the Secretary promises, afcer expending mil-
lions in "changing the character of the vessels,
the committee propose to appropriate for coal
and other items of equipment $180,000 more
than was asked for the preceding year. But
while the estimates last year were for $1,320,-
000, Congress appropriated but $1,000,000. It
is now proposed to increase the appropria-
tions for these same items to $1,500,000, pre-
cisely one third more than was appropriated
one year ago. Where, I again ask, is the
promised saving for coal? Oh! most rosy
Secretary, tell me where? If you will not tell,
will the committee have the goodness to ex-
plain? The Secretary does not; and there is,
1 regret to see, an unwillingness to call on the
Department for explanation ; probably for the
very good reason that the Department is un-
able to explain and make good its statements.
Again I say let us know what quantity of coal
the Department estimates will be wanted, and
what its first cost. Will the committee inform
us if we are likely to have a saving of $2,000,000
per annum, or even of one dollar per annum?
Give us the facts.
On the twelfth page there is an estimate for
ten fifteen-inch guns for the battery of the
Colossus, $70,000. The Colossus is a vessel
with two turrets. Her true name is the Kala-
mazoo. I should really be glad to know the
estimated cost of the proposed change in this
vessel, and also the Niagara. The expense is,
I am informed, very great, and has been in-
curred without the assent or knowledge of
Congress, or the advice of experts. I have
my doubts if the Department had any estimate
made of the expense involved in the proposed
change of these two vessels before issuing its
order to make it. If there were such esti-
mates the committees doubtless have them.
It seems the new armament for the Colossus
alone is to cost $70,000.
There is much that is improper and wrong in
the present management of the Navy Depart-
ment. The laws organizing that Department
are set at naught, and its administration is not
in the hands of civilians. The Vice Admiral |
has the supervision of the Secretary, and nearly I
every chief of a bureau has a naval officer placed '
in his bureau as assistant. Now there is no law
authorizing this, but so far as there hasbeen any
legislation on the subject it is directly against
it. During the war, when the duties were ardu-
ous and pressing, there was a naval officer de-
tailed as an assistant to the chief of the Bureau
of Ordnance. By the act of July 5,1802, it was
enacted that there might be "for the Bureau of
Ordnance one assistant, to be selected from the
commissioned officers of the Navy, with the pay
of $8,000." Laws were necessary in those days
to put a naval officer in such a position. After
the war was over, and the pressure was in a meas-
ure relieved. Congress, on the 17th of Apnl,
1806, enacted "that the office of assistant in
the Bureau of Ordnance be, and the same is
hereby, abolished." In the face of this explicit
enactment a naval officer has been placed in
the Bureau of Ordnance as an assistant, and is
now there ; andl understand thatnaval officers
are employed as assistants in other bureaus, as
well as the Vice Admiral m the Department
proper, all without authority of law and in con-
flict with the established policy of the Govern-
ment. The Navy Department is filled with
naval officers discharging civil duties. They
were not commissioned lor such duties; it is
not their vocation ; and so longas these lite offi-
cers lill the Department without law, so long
will the laws be disregarded and the naval ex-
penditures be lavish. The whole legal organ-
ization of the Navy Department is overslaughed
by this administration.
ippropmilions for the Xavy.
SPEECH OI? I-ION a. W. MORGAN,
OF OHIO,
IX THE IIot'SE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
May 17, 1870.
The House being in Committee of tho "Whole, and
having under consideration the bill (II. R. Xo.1533)
making appropriations for the naval servico for tho
year ending Juno 30,1S71—
Mr. MORGAN said:
Mr. Chairman : I congratulate the House,
the Navy Department, and the country upon
the Navy having so able and ingenious a de-
fender as the honorable gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Hale,] who has just taken his seat. For
certain it is, sir, that no cause ever demanded
more skillful defense than do the American
Navy and Naval Department at this hour. I
do not know, Mr. Chairman, that a member
of this House should at any time apologize for
taking part in debate. Yet, sir, I do feel it to
be proper to say that so far as I am concerned
the part I have taken and shall take has arisen
from circumstances purely accidental.
At an early period of this session I learned
for tho first time that the Secretary of the Navy,
in flagrant violation of the law, in contempt of
the law, and in contempt of Congress, had
increased the salaries of the officers of the Navy
thirty-three and one third per cent., and that
during the space of three years and seven
months there had been lawlessly drawn from the
national Treasury more than §3,700,000 on the
extraordinary order No. 175 of the Secretary
of the Navy. On learning that fact I felt that I
would be false to my constituents, false to my
country, false to the House of which I have the
honor to be a member, did I not bring that fact
before this House, and call upon the Repre-
sentatives of the people to correct this stupen-
dous abuse.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him with a remark?
Mr. MORGAN. Tf it does not come out of
my time, I have no objection.
Mr. SCOPIELD. 1 will only take half a
minute.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
from Ohio yield to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania ?
Mr. MORGAN. Not if it is to come out of
ray time.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I only wish to say that
in reply, if 1 can have the opportunity, I will
show that the action of the Secretary of the
Navy is strictly according to law.
Mr. MORGAN. With the consent of the
committee I would be willing to yield the gen-
tleman ten minutes, or any other time, if it does
not come out of the time allotted to myself.
Otherwise I cannot vield to him.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Such a misrepresentation
of %vhat is according to law should be corrected
just here.
Mr. MORGAN. The gentleman knows that
it is not a misrepresentation. And as he takes
his seat he knows that he has himself been
guilty of a misrepresentation, deliberately
made, with the intention of deceiving this
House and the country.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Does the gentleman mean
to charge 
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
from Ohio yield to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania?
Mr. MORGAN. I am not willing that on
this occasion the gentleman from Pennsylvania
shall be permitted to attempt to cover up a
fraud without having the mask torn off which
has concealed this transaction.
■ I regret, Mr. Chairman, that anything of an
unpleasant character should have arisen in the
course of this debate. I desire to address the
judgment of this House. The question upon
which I speak is not a party question, but a
question which belongs to this House as the
legislators of the people. I do not intend to
be driven from my purpose to expose the gross
abuses which have arisen in the Navy, no mat-
ter what effort may be made to screen and pal-
liate them by thegentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. SooriELD] or by any other member of
this honorable body.
I confess that until this Congress assembled
I was wholly ignorant of the condition of our
Navy, and of the abuses which had grown up
under the eyes of Congress, without Congress
! being aware of the fact. And now, as a Rep-
resentative of the people, on behalf of the peo-
ple, I stand here to-day to expose and denounce
these abuses, and 1 call upon the members ot
this House to apply the remedy and correct
them.
