1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1363
friend, how would the United States fulfill their
^Mr. TRUMBULL. Not by making a con-
stitution. A guarantee does not mean to
create; that is not the meaning. _
Mr. CAMERON. But if the principal fails
to do the thing, you must do it as the guar-
8Dyr. TRUMBULL. Every State in the Union
has a republican constitution at the beginning.
No State is admitted into the Union without a
republican constitution, and none can be; and
the States which formed this Union all had
republican constitutions. Let me say to the
Senator from Pennsylvania that under no cir-
cumstance can Congress make a constitution
for a State.
Mr. HOWARD. Why not?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Because the power is
not given to the Government of the United
States to make State governments. The State
governments are one thing and the Federal
Government is another; and there never was
a greater heresy in the world than to suppose
that all wisdom and all power are embodied in
the Congress of the United States.
Mr. CAMERON. Allow me to interrupt the
Senator for a moment?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. CAMERON. I am no lawyer; but list-
ening to the Senator's own definition of the
word "guarantee," I understand it to be a
promise to pay a sum of money, or to do a
thing on the failure of the principal who has
made the promise first. Now, if I guaranty
the bond of the Senator from Illinois, and he
fails to pay it, am I not bound to pay that bond
in good and lawful funds of the country? To
my common sense it seems that when we guar-
anty a republican form ofgovernment to a State,
if the people of that State fail to perform their
duty we are bound to do it. That is common
sense, according to my idea ; it may not be law.
Mr. SUMNER. Itisgood constitutional law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us see whether it
be either common sense or law. If you guar-
anty the debt of another you nay his debt;
you do not make a new debt. You guaranty
the constitution of the State of Pennsylvania
to be republican and you keep it republican ;
you do not allow it to be changed to a mon-
archy or an aristocracy, or to any govern-
ment that is not republican in form. When
the Senator from Pennsylvania guaranties my
bond he makes my bond good, as his name
would upon anybody's paper; but he does not
make a new bond or a new constitution for
me, or a new debt for roe. He makes that good
which it was my duty in the first instance to
have made good and to keep good ; and it is
just so with a State.
Mr. YATES. Suppose the bond is not good?
Mr. TRUMBULL, if my bond is not good
the name of the Senator from Pennsylvania
makes it good beyond peradventure.
Mr. CAMERON. Now allow me a word.
The Senator says that if I guaranty his bond
I must pay it if he does not. So 1 must. In
the case of a constitution how shall I carry out
that guarantee but by seeing that what the
original first obligor promised to do has been
done? I do not pretend to make a new bond,
but I pay the bond ; and that bond is a guar-
antee that you shall have a republican form
ot government in all the States. That to my
mind is clear. Now, the reasoning of the Sen-
ator from Illinois does not reach my intellect
lit all. It is sophistry to me ; it is not reason ;
and I am sure the country, and the common
sense of the country—for after all we are
guided by that—will not agree with the Sen-
ior Irom Illinois. I regret having interrupted
him, because I look with so much attention to
nil that he says on great questions of State.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why, Mr. President,
nothing to my mind is more preposterous than
the suggestion that the Government of the
jmited States can make a State constitution
for any people in this Union. That is not the
meaning of the word "guarantee," and it is
entirely foreign to the powers of the Federal
Government. It is nowhere given. The States
that formed the Union had republican forms
of government at the time it was formed, and
the States that are admitted into the Union
have republican forms of government, because
none others can be admitted. Here is what
Mr. Justice Story says in regard to guaranty-
ing a republican form of government:
" If the General Government should interpose by
virtue of this constitutional authority, it will be of
course bound to pursue the authority; but the au-
thority extends no further than to a guarantee of a
republican form of government, which supposes a
preexisting government of the form which is to bo
guarantied. As long, therefore.as the existing repub-
lican forms are continued by the States they aro
guarantied by the Federal Constitution. Whenever
the States may choose to substitute other repu bliean
forms they have a right to do so, and to claim the
Federal guarantee for the latter. The only restriction
imposed on them is that they shall not exchange
republican for anti-republican constitutions; a re-
striction which it is presumed will hardly bo consid-
ered as a grievance."
I call the attention of the Senator from
Pennsylvania to the language of Mr. Justice
Story in his Commentaries on the Constitu-
tion, where he says :
" The authority extends no further than to a guar-
antee of a republican form of government, which sup-
poses a preexisting governmentof the form which is
to be guarantied."
That does not authorize the creation of a
republican form of government. Now, it has
been supposed by some that the meaning of
this clause of the Constitution requiring the
United States to guaranty a republican form
of government to each State has been changed
by the amendments to the Constitution ; and
I believe that was the opinion of the Senator
from Indiana, [Mr. Morton.] He said :
"Then, to have a republican form of government
now there must be no slavery, there must be equal
civil rights, there must be protection to all, there
must be no taking of life, liberty, or property with-
out due process of law. All these things now enter
into the definition, but did not before."
I submit to the honorable Senator that the
meaning of the Constitution as to what a
republican form of government is which is to
be guarantied has iu no respect been changed
by the amendments to the Constitution of the
United States. Of course a State can do
nothing in violation of the Constitution of the
United States which prohibits slavery; nothing
in violation of the fourteenth amendment;
nothing in violation of the fifteenth amend-
ment, if it be adopted ; but the reason is not
because Congress is bound to guaranty a
republican form of government to the several
States, but because in violating these amend-
ments the State violates distinct and positive
provisions of the Constitution. The fifteenth
amendment, if it be adopted, contains a clause
authorizing Congress by appropriate legisla-
tion to carry it into effect. The fourteenth
amendment and the thirteenth amendment
also contain this provision ; but whether they
did or not, it is in the original Constitution that
Congress may pass all laws necessary and
proper to carry into effect all the powers granted
in the Constitution to the Federal Government,
or to any department thereof. And when sla-
very was abolished by an amendment to the
Constitution the power was given by the Con-
stitution of the United States to Congress to
see the abolition of slavery made effective
throughout the Union; and where does Con-
gress get power to do it? Notunder the clause
to guaranty republican forms of government,
but under the clause which declares that sla-
very shall not exist in the United States, and
that Congress shall have the power to see that
provision made effective.
This has nothing to do with a republican
form of government, nor has the question of
suffrage. A republican form of government
does not depend upon the number of persons
who vote. It means a representative govern-
ment ; and as I have here before me the state-
ment of a recent author upon that subject,
which is very clear, I will read it. It has been
supposed by some that citizenship had some-
thing to do with the right to vote. I read from
Pomeroy's Constitutional Law, a recent and
valuable work:
Here we perceive that the General Government
has no voice in deciding who shall be privileged to
vote for Representatives in Congress. The whole sub-
ject is controlled by State laws. The States will, of
course, in their own constitutions or statutes declare
which of their inhabitants may take a part in choos-
ing members of the popular branch of their local
Legislatures, and such persons are entitled also to
vote for Congressmen in that State."—Pomeroy't Con-
Ititutional Law, pages 131, 132.
Now, under the Constitution as amended, if
it shall be, by the adoption of the fifteenth
amendment, Congress has no control over the
question of suffrage further than to prevent the
States from discriminating on account of race
or color; but any State may require a prop-
erty qualification, may require an educational
test, may impose such conditions upon voting
as it thinks proper, so they are uniform on all
classes of citizens. That power has not been
taken away from the States. The only power
that has been taken away from them is the
authority to discriminate on account of race,
color, or previous condition.
This author goes on to say:
"This fact is a complete answer to the somewhat
common notion that United States citizenship implies
the right of voting. Nothing can be further from
the truth. Not a vote is cast, from one end of the
country to the other, by any person in virtue merely
of his being a citizen of the United States. The
Constitution recognizes the status of citizenship, and
provides for admitting foreigners to that condition;
but it does not create any class of voters. What the
several States may do in this respect is a matter
entirely for their own consideration." * * *
"To say that a republican form of government
implies universal suffrage, or that it forbids the
imposition of qualifications which do not directly
affect the voter's capacity to judge properly of his
political act of voting, is to violate all the funda-
mental rules of interpretation, to blot out all history
to declare that even the Government of the United
States is not republican."—Ibid., pages 132,133.
The members of this body are not elected by
general suffrage. The members of the other
House are elected by those whom the several
States see proper to allow to vote for members
of the most numerous branch of their State
Legislature. To hold that a republican gov-
ernment depended upon universal suffrage
would be, in the language of this author—
" To violate all the fundamental rules of interpre-
tation, to blotoutal! history, to declare that even the
Governmentof the United States is not republican."
Mr. President, no authority can be found in
the guarantee clause of the Constitution for the
imposition of these conditions upon Mississippi.
But this question has also been settled by judi-
cial authority; and I call the attention of my
friend from Michigan, who labored under the
misapprehension that the courts had never de-
cided as to the authority to impose these funda-
mental conditions, to this fact. It was settled
by the Supreme Court of the United States a
quarter of a century ago that such conditions
are utterly null and void; and I will call the
attention of the Senate to the case in which
that decision was made, referring briefly before
I do so to the statutes which bear upon it.
In 1811 the Congress of the United States
authorized " the people of the Territory of
Orleans to form a constitution and State gov- •
ernment, preparatory to their admission into
the Union," and in the third section of the act
authorizing the people of that Territory to form
a constitution Congress declared—
"That the constitution formed in virtue of the
authority herein given shall be republican and con-
sistent with the Constitution of the United states ;
that it shall contain the fundamental principles of
civil and religious liberty "—
Mark the words, "the fundamental princi-
ples of civil and religious liberty" —
" that it shall secure to the citizens tho right of tri.il
by jury in fl.ll criminal cas©s, and the privilege ot tho
writ of habetr  corpus, conformably to the provisions
of the Constitution of the United States.
In 1812, the next year, Congress passed an
act for the admission of the State of Louisiana
into the Union, and provided in the first sec-
tion of that act that the State should be, " mid
is hereby declared to be, one of the United
