1870.
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
4195
a troublesome, meddlesome, worthless fellow,
who, withoCit any diplomatic authority what-
ever, having no sort of authority, gave a cer-
tificate to a ship of war of the revolutionists
to leave a port in San Domingo to prey upon
the G-ovcrnmcnt of San Domingo. He gave
this, and signed it diplomatically, whereas he
had no more diplomatic authority than any
boy who sits yonder as our page. During the
attempt of the rebels to overthrowthe Govern-
ment this troublesome, worthless scoundrel
cooperated with Cabral. Having let loose this
ship of war, the Dominicans caught him, tried
him, sentenced him to death, and the only mis-
take they made was that they did not execute
the sentence. That is all there is about it.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President—-
Mr. FERRY. Allow me one moment, if
you please.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. FERRY. As Mr. Hatch is a resident
of the town in which I live, as I know him
personally, as I know that he is a gentleman
of as high character and respectability as the
Senator from Michigan, as I would trust his
word or his honor or his integrity as quickly as
I would that of the Senator from Michigan, or
as I would have that Senator trust mine, it is
necessary, I think, after the exceedingly vio-
lent language which has fallen from that Sen-
ator's lips, that I should say one word in refer-
ence to Mr. Hatch personally; and that word
I have said.
Now, with regard to the statement which has
been made by the Senator, all thatisdeveioped
in the papers already referred to the committee.
The statement is that which is made by Presi-
dent Baez. That statement I think the com-
mittee will find in those papers to be proved
to bo false from beginning to end ; and it will
also be found by the committee, I think, that,
from beginningtoendMr. Hatch,ashigh-toncd
and honorable a gentleman as any in this body,
has been grossly abused, not simply by the
Dominican authorities, but that which is the
gist of all, and that to which the Senator does
not allude, after his pretended sentence of death
was commuted to exile, and therefore, alter
he had confessedly a legal right to leave San
Domingo and go where he pleased, he was
for six months kept confined ill a filthy and un-
healthy ja'il. and confined there through the
machinations of an officer of the Army of the
United States ; that officer avowing to your omi
, commercial agents there that he was assisting
to keep him there lest he should operate against
these projects of annexation. I ask only that
j the committee shall inquire into these things
, and report.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I do not
, desire to prejudge this question ; but I do ieel
I it my duty to say that my friend from Mieni-
! gan, in the very earnest and positive words
: that he has seen fit to utter, has not touched
5 the case He has not como within a thousand
miles of the question. The question is not now
on the character of Mr. Hatch. That is not
1 now in issue. Nor do Iknow that there is any
' substantial issueas to the conduct of Mr. Hatch
which led to his imprisonment. I here is an-
other and a graver question than that to w lciJ
f' the Senator has referred. It is the K°"dact
of an officer in the Army of the United States,
* who was engaged there, according to common
t; report—I do not speak now from any ofticial
'■> knowledge, but according to common report—
" ill the negotiation of a treaty. An officer of tt. ^
r Army negotiating a treaty of the U mted States .
? And that officer whde there engaged in that
.« negotiation lends himself to what the Senator
? from Connecticut has rightly charaeteiizect as
* a " machination " to keep in prison an Ameri-
* ea,Now,ZX', I do not pretend to express any
•4 opinion on the fact. 1 have not the evidence
f before me. You have heard the Senator iiom
4 Connecticut, careful, prudent, and accustomed
j to weigh evidence, and he gives you his con-
is! elusion on the facts. Assuming the fac„s as
the Senator from Connecticut states them, I
have to say that I know not in our history any
instance more disgraceful. I could not re-
strain myself when he mentioned the fact, and
I naturally exclaimed "he ought to be cash-
iered at once." Sir, his name should be struck
from the Army, and struck from the roil of
honorable men. Such things we read of in
other days, in dark places, under tyrannical
Governments, where officers or subjects have
been thrust into prison by arbitrary power, or,
as it was called in Prance, a Leltre de cachet,
in order to get them out of the way. And
that has been repeated—so the Senator from
Connecticut assures us, on the evidence—by
an American officer engaged in negotiating a
treaty !
Sir, ''the offense is rank;" it is difficult to
characterize it properly. The Senate 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I rise to
a question of order. Is it in order to discuss
this petition? Is there any objection to its ref-
erence?
Mr. STEWART. I think there will be
objection to it. I think the Senate will see
the propriety of having a special committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chairthinks
a motion to refer a petition with instructions is
certainly debatable. This is a motion to refer
wit h instructions.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose, any Senator
objecting to the instructions, they cannot be
considered to-day.
Mr. NYE. I object to the proposed refer-
ence, and will give some reasons——
Mr. STEWART. I object to this reference.
I think there ought to be a special committee.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well ; 1 will let the
Senate decide.
Mr. NYE. I do not know what the facts in
this case may be, but 1 consider 
Mr. FOWLER. Mr. President, I rise to a
question of order. The consideration of this
resolution has been objected to. Is it still
debatable ? ,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The twenty-sixth
rule states that " all resolutions and reports
of committees shall lieover one day." It says
nothing about petitions lying over one day.
The Chair will read what is stated in regard to
petitions:
" \nd every potition or memorial, or other paper,
shall be leieired, of tourse, without puttmc; !i <l«es-
lion tor t'ii;!I. purpose, unlcf-s therelcreiie.eis objected
to by a Senator at the 1 tmn such petition, iiiomoilal,
or other paper is presented."
There was no objection made at the time
this petition was presented. The objection
must be made at the time it is presented.
" Ami before any petition or memorial, addressed
to the Senate, shall berceeivcdand read at the table,
whether the same sJjn.ll be introduced by the .rrc-
siding Oihcer or a Senator, a brief statement of tbo
contents oi the petition or momonal buull veilially
be made by the introducer."
The Senator from Connecticut complied with
this rule ih making his statement of the con-
tents of the petition and accompanying papers.
No Senator objected to the reception of the
the resolution of reference with
instructions, and that is before the body.
ir  no rulo rGcjuirmg it to lie over tbtit the Giifl-u
is advised of. The Senator Irom Nevada is
entitled fo the floor.
Mr. NYE. I was about to retnark that I do
not know what, the faeis may be in regard to
the case stated by the honorable Senator from
Connecticut; but, I have something to say, alter
the extraordinary speech of the chairman of
the Committee ou Eoreign Relations, why it
should not be referred to that committee. _ t
understand the attitude of a judge to be this:
that he enters upon the trial of any person
accused before him without any bias in ins
mind, and in such an attitude that it requires
no evidence to remove any impression which
may be upon his mind contrary to the legal
presumption that a man is innocent until proven
guilty. I was shocked, knowing as 1 do and
as the Senate knows the usual proprieties that
always control the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts, that he should stand up-here
and declare that the man whom the-Senator
from Connecticut proposes fo put on trial before
him should be cashiered from the Army.
Mr. SUMNER. Only if. proved.
Mr. NYE. I understand; the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts did say that ho
ought to be cashiered from the Army at once.
Mr. SUMNER. If this was proved.
Mr. NYE. I undertake to say, with the
highest regard and respect for the honorable
Senator, that that language is unbecoming a
judge anywhere. I ask the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts if he would like to be
placed at the bar of judges who had even said
that if the accusations against him were true
he ought to be cashiered or hanged? No, sir;
the Senator should enter upon this investigation
with the fullest determination to regard the man
accused as innocent uut.il he was proved guilty.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask my friend, does not
every judge in charging a grand jury in view
of any criminal offense state the law, and say
that, for instance, whoever has been guilty of
murder must suffer death?
Mr. NYE. That is not the answer at all;
but I undertake to say the judge would be
cashiered at once who, upon a statement of the
facts by the district attorney, would get up and
tell the jury " this man ought to be convicted"
without waiting to see whether the allegations
were shown to be true. I protest against all
such seats of judgment as that. I protest in
the name of common honor and honesty. ,No,
Mr. President, that is not the tribunal to sub-
mit this question to.
1 have not been an inattentive observer of
the schemes to prevent a certain consumma-
tion of a certain thing. While on my left one
request is made, another is made on the right,
but all center to this committee, whose judg-
ment is pronounced, not once, but more than
once, that he ought to be cashiered. Sir, I
stand here to say, as an acquaintance of Gen-
eral Babcock, that he is as pure as the waters
of the mountain from melted snow. Against
all such accusations, and against the.acquaint-
ance of the honorable Senator from Connecti-
cut, t undertake to say, that put the men in the
balance, and I am not afraid which will kick
the beam.
Now, sir, this thing has gone to such an
extent that I desire to have it investigated;
but I am going to move in a moment—and
wheti I make the motion 1 utterly disclaim
and proclaim that I will not on any consider-
ation be upon the committee—that this mat-
ter be referred to a special committee, a com-
mittee to be named and appointed by theVice
President of the United States and President of
the Seriate. Sir, 1 would not consign my worst
enemy to a tribunal whose judgment was already
declared, ft is wrong ; it is not just in any
aspect in which it can be viewed.
If you wan t to investigate the conduct of men,
put thorn before an impartial tribunal. The
courts have held, and hold now, that where a
person hasmado up his mind as to the guiltor
innocence of a man accused of crime, so that
it will take evidence to remove his impression,
he is an incompetent juror. That is the rule ot
law as broad as the jurisprudence of our coun-
try. That is the principle of law that betakes
itself to the honest conscience of every man,
that the tribunal before which men are to be
tried shall be impartial, shall have no predi-
lections for nor prejudice against the accused.
And 1 know 1 can make this appeal to no man
whose heart will quicker respond to it than my
honorable friend from Massachusetts. Why not
have another committee oi men who have no
impressions about this matter? It would be
uulair to have the Senator iro® Connecticut on
it, because he thinks the man he' £«««« * £
entirely right and as
him No, sir ; put on your committee strangers,
to this issue ; pick three or five men who have
not expressed opinions on this subject, and let
