18'70.
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE
230?
Tiie Senator from Oregon [Mr. Williams]
said:
"I sa.y, therefore, ifc is less difficult and requires
less evidence for General Ames to establish a hab-
itant in any given locality than it would for a per-
son under those other and different circumstances
which surround the Senator from Sew York."
1 have read from the acta establishing the
Territories of Nevada and Nebraska a clause
which absolutely forbids soldiers, sailors, ma-
i mes, &c., from obtaining any residence by vir-
tue of their occupancy of the soil; it requires
stronger evidence for a soldier to obtain a res-
idence than it does for a citizen.
I say, therefore, that unless General Ames
performed some of the acts of a citizen, so as
to make him a part of the community in which
he lived, he was not an inhabitant, and no dec-
laration of intention on his part could make
lnm so, independent of the ostensible conduct
and doings which are essential ingredients of
an inhabitant.
If an individual be in a State without having
gone there for the purpose of becoming an in-
habitant, and he intends to become a resident
of the State after he reaches there, he must
perform certain acts; not simply make a dec-
laration that he intends to become a citizen,
but he must also perform some acts of such a
plain and obvious character as shall convince
the community in which he lives that he is in-
corporated into it. If he purchases property,
commences housekeeping, enters into busi-
ness, or engages in the usual avocations of a
citizen, with an intention to become one, there
is evidence of his residence or habitation and
a home.
But the courts have said further, that if a
man goes to a place for a special purpose that
will not make him a citizen of the place, but
it must be with a view to remain permanently.
That is the intention with which he must go.
Cases have occurred in which individuals de-
sired to sue others in the courts of the United
States, but being citizens of the same State
the plaintiff could not institute his suit, and for
I he purpose of commencing a suit he goes to
another State, takes up a temporary residence,
declares his intention to become a citizen of
that State, remains there a short time, com-
mences his suit, and then returns to his original
residence. The courts say that he is not a
citizen of the State ; he has notobtained a res-
idence sufficient to entitle him to sue; it would
be a fraud upon the law. A man cannot cir-
cumvent the law by any ingenious proceeding
of this sort, but there must be a clear bona fide
intention of becoming a citizen and of having
a residence permanently, which means a fixed
residence. If that be not his intention he is
not a citizen of the State, however he may
solemnly asseverate it.
I will not undertake to say all that General
Ames should have done to have become an
inhabitant of Mississippi in a legal and consti-
tutional sense ; but I will say that the least he
should have done would have been to resign
his commission in the Army, his provisional
governorship; have separated himself entirely
and thoroughly from the Government, its pay
and the emoluments of his place; have declared
publicly what he had done, and in citizen's
costume have proclaimed himself a permanent
inhabitant with an intention to remain and
identify himself with that people. Even this
would have been subject to the prohibition of
the courts that one shall not for a special pur-
pose remove himself and assume a residence,
the reason of the inhibition applying with the
same force to one who, being in a place, pro-
claims a purpose for the accomplishment of
the same object. The courts look not at the
motives for a removal, because they are fre-
quently many; but they will take cognizance
of special purposes and objects to prevent an
evasion of the laws.
But, sir, independent of the legal question,
the solution of which makes a case clear and
conclusive against the pretensions of General
Ames to a seat in the Senate, there are grave
reasons of State and public policy whicli should
exclude him. We have before us an example
of vaulting ambition; an officer by virtue of
military influence, power-, and management
claiming by election a seat in the Senate of
the United States; sent by his military chief
on military duty, for military duties: acting
under the orders and by the authority of his
superior, employed and commissioned for
special and limited purposes, he avails him-
self of the circumstances and advantages of
the situation to fashion and mold the pliant
African to his own views and make him sub-
servient to his ambition. He made the voters
by his registration officers and judges of elec-
tion, and by consequence the Legislature, and
they in turn reflected his image, which he had
previously impressed. By his influence he
fashioned and molded and controlled the opin-
ions and votes of those who elected him.
Never before in the history of our country,
has a military commander descended to com-
promise his high position and use it for selfish,
ambitious, and political purposes. Not satisfied
with the prestige and fame of a soldier; not con-
tent to discharge his special duties in a fair
and useful manner, in a spirit of candor and
liberality, and thus add to the telat and honor
of his profession, he used his immense powers
and his position to make himself a Senator;
the insignia of the soldier have been doffed for
the station of a Senator. It was an unexam-
pled and unchastened ambition, not that of a
great soldier. When elected, after he was
elected, he held the commission of general in
his pocket, and held it until recently. Can any
one doubt that by using his military influence
and by moral power, which his situation gave
to him, he secured his election? Would the
people of Mississippi have even thought of
him for Senator if he had not gone and acted
as governor and commander ?
Shall we indorse the action of the governor
by admitting him to his seat here ? Shall we
not set a dangerous example ? May we not
have this Chamber ultimately filled by gen-
erals of the Army ? Shall this be made one of
the legitimate fruits of reconstruction ? Lord
Wellington said that one thing was more ter-
rible than a great defeat, and that was a great
victory. Are we not realizing its truth ? Is
not reconstruction, the work of four years,
more arduous and difficult than the war and
its progress ? Is it not fruitful of evil and dis-
aster? Shall we commend this precedent to
the present and future of our country, and
exhibit it to the world as worthy of imitation?
Shall we permit the sword to cut its way to
the inner chamber of the temple of liberty ?
Shall the tramp of the retiring general be
heard in the sanctuary of the Senate, and his
voice of authority and command proclaim his
triumph to lis and to the country?
Having executed his commission and con-
summated his purpose by the use of the power
conferred upon him by Congress, and, elated
with his achievements, he leaves his veteran
troops and hastens to Washington to gather
civic honors at the Capitol in the high councils
of the nation. As Lady Macbeth said to her
husband:
"Thou would'st be great;
Art not without ambition:"
" "What thou would'st highly,
That would'st thouholily; would'st not play false,
And yet would'st wrongly win."
I cut the following from a newspaper, which
is a sententious but pointed commentary:
" General Reynolds, commanding tho district of
Texas, announces by letter that his sense of pro-
priety and conviction of right prevent him irom
being a candidate for United States Senator from
that State."
It is fortunate that the decision of the ques-
tion now before the Senate does not require
the aid of sensational reports from the South,
or we might have presented to us other install-
ments of outrages and murders in Mississippi
that would startle all but those who were in
the secret and knew the design. Under the
power to change the time of election the pres-
ent rulers m the State of Georgia purposed to
vote themselves into office for two years longer
than the period for which they were elected.
All seemed to be comparatively quiet and free
from excitement. But as soon as the House
of Representatives amended the bill for the
admission of Georgia so as to secure the elec-
tion of officers and Legislature in November
next, the period fixed by the constitution, a
hue and cry was gotten up of the insecurity
of the loyal people of the South, of the violence
committed, and the necessity of preserving
peace by the continuance in power of the
present Legislature for two years by their own
enactment.
Telegrams are sent and received, sentiment
is manufactured, and committees are procured
to come to Washington with clamors for pro-
tection and rehearsal of wrongs! And then,
to aggravate and agitate the public mind, and
to influence the judgment of the Senate, the
disaffection of one county in North Carolina
is introduced, and Tennessee is brought in to
give a finish to the picture; but if that is not
sufficient a public meeting of interested and
immaculate patriots may be gotten up to per-
fect the scene. The vail is too thin to hide
the object and design. If the Governor of
North Carolina cannot subdue and prevent
disturbance and outrage in a single county in
his State he is unworthy to be at the head of
the government, and should give place to one
more vigorous and efficient. The newspapers
state that the President has sent troops to
quell any uprising against the law, and to re-
press all violence. What more could be asked?
Shall the writ of habeas corpus be suspended
in a whole State because in a single county
the laws are disregarded?
There is ample power under the Constitution
to redress wrong and insure the triumph of the
law. The President, on application of the Gov-
ernor of a State, is authorized to protect it
from invasion and against domestic violence.
This he can do by the intervention of the mil-
itary, and further legislation is useless and
unnecessary. The country understands why the
clamor is raised about the alleged infractions
of law and order in the South. They know
that if reference is had to the condition of the
North and other States, that murders are of
almost daily occurrence. Double murders and
assassinations are unfortunately perpetrated,
and the heart of the nation is shocked at their
frequent repetition. I venture the assertion
that since the first of January last as many
homicides have been committed in eleven
States north of the Potomac as in the eleven
States south of it! But as no political object
is to be gained by descanting on the former,
all the wrath is nursed to vent upon the latter.
Reconstruction seems to be more difficult as
the work progresses, and we find that a new
construction of reconstruction is giving trouble
to its inventors. I read a portion of an article
recently taken from an English journal called
the Pall Mall Gazette upon the policy pursued
in this country since the war in reference to
the South:
" England is just at present feeling an almost pas-
sionate wish to be reconciled to Ireland, and to be
beloved by the natives of India. Austria has done
her best to come to terms with Hungary, and_ there
are signs that the sufferings of Poland are beginning
to cause discomfort and compunction even in Russia.
The United States seem destined to an experience
of a different kind. On the morrow of the conquest
their treatment of the southern leaders was mai-Kea
by a gentleness which will always be remembered to
their honor. But in the next stage of their relations
with tho South the necessity for combining despotic
rule with something like thoforms of local v-
ernmcnt forced them to adopt a, policy whlcJi bJt--
more than made up for their abstinences from blooa-
shed. Nobody whose intelligence has not been
impaired by the habit of repoa.tmg formulas aboui
universal suffrage can doubt that the puniAment
inflicted on the southern whites is far _the severest
which one community has ever inflicted on anothci.
England governed Ireland through a. minority, v?hieh
