1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3251
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do.
Mr. HARLAN. I say it is because the
Indians insisted that they should be.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. They did?
Mr. HARLAN. They did.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Well, the Indians
are not here, and 1 cannot deny it. [Laughter.]
Tliey are not here to testify; they are not in
court and are not likely to be; but I know and
the Senator knows that the Indians sometimes
have very little voice in these matters, and if
he has no other explanation as to what " na-
tional purposes " mean than to present a treaty
here which was refused by the Senate of the
United States then I am all afloat again.
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator will pardon
me, the Senate of the United States have never
refused the treaty.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Nor hare they
ever ratified it.
Mr. HARLAN. Neither.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Neither. Then it
goes for no treaty, of course. Then if it is offered
here for no purpose, of conrse it proves noth-
ing. It is merely a proposition that was never
ratified.
Mr. HARLAN. It proves the assent of the
Indians, if they can assent to anything. I un-
derstood the Senator to be very much aggrieved
because the Indians have' never been heard,
have never had their day in court; and when
I bring in their formal agreement, signed,
sealed, aud delivered between themselves and
the Government of the United States he denies
the authenticity of the document.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My answer to
that is it never was a treaty; it was a propo-
sition never ratified; and if it were the inquiry
is still open, what do "national purposes"
mean; whether this appropriation is specified
in the treaty or not ? The inquiry is still perti-
nent, and I am still ia the dark as to what the
phrase means.
The sum named in the bill for national pur-
poses is $375,000. The Committee on Indian
Affairs can tell, I suppose, why that $75,000
was added. I believe that was not in the
treaty.
Mr. HARLAN. Yea, this clause is a literal
copy of the treaty.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will the Sen-
ator refer me to the treaty'!
Mr. HARLAN. It will be found on page
9 of the copy of the treaty as printed by the
Senate:
"The interest on $300,000 shall be paid in cash for
national purposes."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. How much ?
Mr. HARLAN. Three hundred thousand
dollars.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Now, I suppose
my honorable friend can tell me why the sum
ot $75,000 was added. That is not in the
treaty. If he can, that will help me out.
Mr. HARLAN. That is easily explained.
inat is not in the text of the bill now before
the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, it is. I
beg the Senator'sj>ardon. That is the amend-
ment of the committee., It says " the interest
on $375,000."
Mr. HARLAN. The $75,000 has been
stricken out, to make it conform to the treaty.
4J^'\^0ftRILL, of Maine. But still the
*70,000 was reported by the committee for
national purposes.
Mr. HARLAN. _ Ifthe Senator really wants
 o know, and the inquiry is not for captions
purposes, I will explain it. The treaty, or the
agreement, or the proposition for a treaty, pro-
ides that the Indians shall receive $1,600,000
or the land. The bill as introduced into
Be senate provides precisely the same thing,
t was referred to the Committee on Indian
Attairs, and that committee changed the
amount of money to be paid from $1,600,000
Aflo^'000' 'fhen to make a distribution
<" $2,000,000 instead of $1,600,000, aa the Sen-
ator will perceive, would change the amount of
each item. That is all there is in it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is, you
make the one sum bear the same relation to
the other that they did in the original treaty ?
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That leaves
the question which I havo asked, what these
"national purposes" are, still unanswered;
but my honorable friend will answer it, I have
no doubt, in due time.
Mr. HARLAN. I am left in doubt as to
whetlTer the Senator desires it to be answered.
I sometimes think he is intending to amuse the
Senate or amuse the country, because I know
he is thoroughly informed on this subject; and
yet his whole speech is a misrepresentation of
tliG rcftl f&cts
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This is a good
time to say now in what particular I misrepre-
sent this clause.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator would make the
Senate and the country believe that he really
does not know what " national purposes" are
when applied to an Indian tribe. He himself,
in the beginning of his speech, mentioned one
of the national purposes. He said these In-
dians had a school; that they had their chil-
dren at a Catholic mission school, where they
were being educated. The cost of education,
he knows, is a national purpose with the In-
dians.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My friend's
argument seems to limp at that point, because
that is provided for in the preceding clause.
Mr. HARLAN. I am now simply referring
to the Senator's own speech, for the purpose of
showing that he himself knows very well what
is meant by "national purposes" as applied
to Indian tribes.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The bill pro-
vides that " the interest on $125,000 shall be
paid for the support of schools in said nation
so this clause upon which I am speaking can-
not embrace that. " National purposes" are
stated as against schooling. The term does
not mean that. But I will pass on :
Five thousand two hundred dollars thereof shall
be paid as compensation to the chiefs and council-
ors of the nation; $3,000 shall be expended for the
encouragement of agriculture.
Three hundred and seventy-five thousand
dollars are to be paid for national purposes;
175,000 for schooling; $5,000 for agriculture.
I suppose that is a national purpose. Well, if
schooling is national, and agriculture is na-
tional, then what is the $375,000 for ? I have
great fear it covers a " multitude of sins!"
Now, to show my honorable friend that the
" national purposes " mentioned here cannot
be such as he refers to I will pursue this
subject a little further, and in the mean time I
hope that he will be able to specify what those
"national purposes " are. The bill proceeds :
The object being to eneonrage real industry among
them; and the remaining $4,800 shall be expended,
under the direction of the council and agent for the
tribe, in the payment of such other expenses as may
bo necessary for the benefit and support of their
national government.
There you have the word "national" again.
My honorable friend will see the necessity of
some explanation of these "national pur-
poses," because we take out the schools, we
take out the agriculture, we take out then the
expenditure of a large sum of money*" for the
benefit and support of their national govern-
ment. '' Here stands the $375,000, a generality
without specification, which of course must
mean somtbing else than agricnlture, some-
thing else than education, and something else
than the'support of the national government.
Of course if it does not suit the honorable
Senator's convenience at the present moment
to explain that question, I must be content.
Mr. President, my own belief is that this bill
ought not to pass. We cannot afiord to pass
it. That some arrangement ought to be made
to relieve the state of affairs existing in Kansas
I am fully persuaded. I think it not unlikely
that the Indians ought to be removed. I have
no doubt in thecondition of affairswhich exists
in Kansas that oneof twothings mast happen:
either the white trespassers and squatters who
are there without authority of law and against
the treaty obligations of the United States must
be dealt with as they richly deserve, and re-
moved from that reservation, and they are
twenty thousand strong it is said, or the Indians
must be removed; and as the Indians in the
latter history of our country have always gone
to the wall in these conflicts, and will now, I
have no doubt, I am only solicitous, recog-
nizing that fact, that provision shall be made
for these Indians out of this reservation; that
they shall not be stripped of it; that it shall
be sold honestly and fairly as a matter of trust
for the benefit of the Indians, and become a
trust fund for them ; that wheresoever they go,
whether they shall find a home in the Indian
country or whether they shall roam still fur-
ther, the Government of the United States
shall hold the full benefit of this reservation,
pitiful remnant of an empire, for the protec-
tion and the support of these Indians.
With that view I think this bill ought to be
recommitted to the committee with instruc-
tions, and those instructions are to provide,
with the consent of the Indians, for their re-
moval to some suitable place. I am opposed
to an arbitrary assumption of ownership over
land that we do not own. I am opposed to
putting upon the records that we arrogantly
assume to deal with these people according to
our arbitrary will. I would humanely and com-
passionately provide for them somewhere where
they can have security, and then provide that
these lands shall be sold under the direction of
the Secretary of the Interior, the proceeds of
the sale to be carefully preserved, and the in-
terest of it to be applied to the support and
protection of these people. I will send to the
Chair a resolution which I will read, as I think
I am probably a better reader of my own writ-
ing than the Clerk:
Retolved, That the bill under consideration be
recommitted with instructions to report a bill for tho
removal of the Osago Indians to tho Indian terri- .
tory, with their consent, and for the sale of the res- V,
ervation upon the most advantageous terms for cash,
as other publie lands, for the use and benefit of said
Indians.
I do not know whether this is in order at the
present time or not; but if it is in order, I sub-
mit it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mor-
rill, of Vermont, in the chair.) The Chair
thinks the motion is in order. The Senator
from Maine moves to recommit the bill with
instructions.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not know
whether my friend from Iowa desires to go on
at present. If he does not I will make another
motion.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to go on now,
unless it can be understood that I shall have
an opportunity to reply at one o'clock to-
morrow.
Mr EDMUNDS. Let us take up the appro-
priation bill and finish it.
Mr. HARLAN. I prefer to go on to-night
and finish this bill if possible.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maine moves to recommit this bill with
instructions.
Mr. STEWART. I hope this bill will not
f&ss from the consideration of the Senate until
can be allowed to make a few observations
upon it. I appear for the settlers. I wish to
say a word in their behalf. I do not think
they are as bad as they have been represented.
I wish to appear for a few minutes in behalf
of the settlers before this bill passes from the
consideration of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Sen&tor from
Nevada is entitled to the floor if he claims it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise to make a motion
which has precedence. My friend from Maine
