1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
trict superintendents. It is made the duty of
each such superintendent to transmit the blanks
to all the enumerators of his district, to receive
their returns and carefully compare them and
ascertain whether they are in accordance with
the provisions of this bill.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Compare them with what?
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Scofield ?]
Mr. ALLISON. I yield for a question.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I enumerated all the
duties except that I did not say that a com-
parison had to be made with anything. What
are the returns to be compared with ?
Mr. ALLISON. I will answer that question.
It is his duty to see whether the enumerator
has carefully filled up these schedules or pro-
cured their being filled up in accordance with
the provisions of the law. It is made his addi-
tional duty to make a copy of every schedule
for which we have provided in this bill and
transmit such copy to the Superintendent of
the Census. It is the duty of the district su-
perintendent to make a copy of every schedule
in his district. I do not see how that can be
done except by means of reasonable clerk hire,
which of course will only last during the sixty
days which the enumerators are employed. It
is a question whether the copies shall bo made
in the offices of the district superintendents or
whether they shall be made by the enumerators
at a cost of four dollars a day. Clerk hire can
be secured in most of the districts at the rate
of fifty or sixty dollars a month, and it can be
done in a much better manner than it can be
done by the enumerator.
Mr. WELKER. Will my colleague state
the reason why those copies must be made?
Mr. ALLISON. I can only say that it is in
accordance with the precedent in the census
bills of 1850 and 18G0. The law required that
there should be three copies; one preserved in
the office of the Secretary of the Interior, an-
other in the office of the Secretary of State, and
another retained in tho several States of the
Union. We have, for the purpose of econo-
mizing, provided in this bill that only one copy
shall be forwarded to the Superintendent of the
Census. Does tho gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Scofield] orthe gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Wei.keh] propose that we shall have bat
one copy of these schedules? 1 would ask them
how they can provide for substitution in ease of
loss in the mails or by any other accidental
cause ? We have provided in this bill for only
a single copy, and the great expense which the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield]
sees in this particular provision will not amount
to more than $50,000 or $60,000. I believe it
is the most useful and economical expenditure
that is provided for in the bill.
The gentleman is entirely mistaken as to the
cost of taking the census of 1800. It cost in
all over six million dollars. I do not believe
that the total cost provided for in this bill win
be greater than the cost of taking the census of
1860, taking into account the increase of the
population and wealth of this nation and the
increased cost of this class of labor.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I believe that this is an
economical expense. It is under the supervision
and direction of the Secretary of the Interior,
and it is carefully provided that these clerks
shall be employed only when, in the judgment
of the Secretary of the Interior, they may be
necessary. I undertake to say that no district
superintendent can discharge the high duties
provided for by this bill without the assistance
of clerical labor, and perhaps a large amount
of it. I hope that this provision of the bill, at
least, will not be stricken out. I know how
economical my friend is ; but I trust he will
attack some other provision of this bill which
may not be quite so essential as the provision
for clerk hire.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend the amendment of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] by strik-
ing out the last two words?> for the purpose of
bringing to the attention of the committee
The CHAIRMAN. That is not necessary,
as the committee is not now acting under the
five-minute rule. The gentleman is entitled to
the floor for an hour if he desires i\
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am sure
I will not address the committee for one sixth
of that time, if I do for one twelfth.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair makes this
statement now so that members may ^under-
stand under what rule they are now acting.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
simply to call the attention of the committee
at this early stage to what I think is the radi-
cal defect of the system here proposed for
taking the census in regard to the economy of
doing that work. It provides for an entire
new set of officers all over the country, and
for a redistricting of the country for that pur-
pose. It provides that the under officers shall
i*feceive four dollars a day, and the upper offi-
cers eight dollars a day 5 but there is no pro-
vision for traveling or other expenses. There-
fore it will be for the interest of the officers to
do as little work as possible for their money to
make it last as long as they can. Now, in fact,
we have a system of officers, on salaries with
clerks and with an organization, who can do
this work; and not only that, but the Stales
are already districted.
For tho first time in the history of the coun-
try has a census been taken under an internal
revenue system. We have in every congres-
sional district an assessor of internal revenue,
who by this time ought to know every man in
every house in his district, and who can be set
to work by a flash of the telegraph. And these
officers liavo not any too much to do now.
They can readily give us all these statistics,
most of which they ought now to have. And
they ought to have tho means of correcting
most of the statistics that are to be embraced
in this census. All the material statistics re-
lating to tho wealth of the country these offi-
cers already have tho means of correcting,
llenco this enormous expense proposed to be
incurred in taking the census, only a single
item of which expense my friend from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Scofield] has touched upon can
be saved.
A friend behind me asks, sotto voce, whether
wo should not have to give these assessors and
other officers additional pay. I answer 110;
wo can impose upon these olliecrs such addi-
tional duties as we please, and any of them
who do not want to perform these duties can
resign, and we can put others in their places
to very great advautage.
Two objections are made to this proposition
to employ the internal revenue officers in the
taking of this census. The first objection^ has
been heretofore stated by the gentleman from
Ohio, who has charge of this bill. It is that
tho people look upon tho assessors as tax-
gatherers, and for that reason might keep back
information. I do not appreciate the force of
that suggestion ; because all tho information
which is asked must be given, aud anybody who
is so ignorant as not to knowthatitis necessary
to give correct answers for the use of the
Census Bureau will look upon an officer of the
Census Bureau precisely as he would upon a
tax-gatherer. Any person of ordinary intelli-
gence will answer one officer as well as the
other.
The other objection is that the Internal Reve-
nue Bureau does not want its officers mixed up
with this business. To that I answer that this
is appropriate business for that branch of the
Government, because it will give the officers of
that bureau the information which they ought
to have for the purpose of carrying out the
duties already imposed upon them; and the
information which they obtain in the transac-
tion of their other duties will give them the
means of correcting theinformation which they
may obtain in taking the census. Now, why
should we not take advantage of this organ-
ization already in existence, this districting
already made, this working macliine already
going on in a way-which shows that the officers
are acting faithfully and efficiently ?
Therefore, Mr. Chairman, I have merely sug-
gested this amendment in order to give notice
to the committee that when we come to the
proper place in the bill, or at some time during
its pendency, I shall ask the House to consider
the question whether thisbusiness shall not be
added to the internal revenue machinery of
the United States.
The CHAIRMAN. The question recurs 011
the amendment of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. DAYIS. Is it in order to move a sub-
stitute for the amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. DAVIS. Then I move as a substitute
that the clause be amended to read as follows:
Provided, That in any city yhioh forms tho whole
or a part of two or more congressional districts the
Secretary of the Interior may, if in his judgment the
efficiency of the service will thereby be promoted,
appoint one district superintendent for such city and
for the whole territory of the congressional districts
of which such city forms a part, instead of one ior
each congressional district; and a reasonable allow-
anco for one clerk, for a period not exceeding sixty
days, may bo made to any district superintendent,
the amount whereof shall be determined by the
Socretary of the Interior, whenever in his judgment
the necessities of the service shall require it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I liave no objec-
tion to that. I think it would do very well.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM. If I understand the amend-
ment just adopted it provides for one clerk.
Instead of the word "one" we should insert
the word "each" before the word "clerk."'
The section contemplates more than one clerk.
I move to strike out "one" and insert
"each."
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is not
in order, as it is not in order to move to strike
out a word which has been inserted.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The amendment of
the gentleman from New York was not adopted.
I rose to call for a division on it.
The CHAIRMAN. The question will be
again taken, and in that case the amendment
of the gentleman from Ohio will be in order.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move it, then, as an
amendment to the amendment. I move to
strike out " one" and insert " each." I wish
to understand whether it is the purpose and
object of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Davis] by his amendment to restrict each
superintendent to one clerk?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is what the
amendment does exactly.
j Mr. BINGHAM. If that is the object of the
! gentleman from New York [Mr. Davis] he
certainly accomplishes it by his proposed
amendment. I submit to the committee that
that is not the intent of this section ; and I
submit further for the consideration of the com-
mittee that it is impossible, absolutely impos-
sible, for any superintendent whatever in any
populous district of this Union to execute this
law with tho assistance of but one clerk. In
order, therefore, that he may have such a
number of clerks as may be necessary to ac-
complish the duties enjoined on him by the law,
and that the clerks so employed by him may
have their reasonable compensation, I move to
amend the amendment offered by the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Davis] by striking out
the words " one clerk" and inserting the words
"each clerk." It is suggested to me that the
grammar of the section would not be right
because the word "clerk" is followed by the
word hire." That is true, but the language
of my amendment is correct as amending that
of the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Davis.]
My amendment will secure to each of these
clerks equal compensation, subject to the dis-
cretion of the Department.
Mr. ALLISON. I would suggest to the
gentlemau from New York [Mr. Davis] that
in some cases it might ba inconvenient to the
