52
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9,
district superintendent to be limited to one
clerk. The superintendent might require tor
.1 short time to have three or four clerks, and
I would suggest that the object of the gentle-
ino.n from W©w York would b6 accomplished
by providing that the compensation for clerk
hire shall not exceed—say $300. This would
cover precisely the point which the gentleman
desires to cover, and would at the same time
leave it to the superintendent to employ two,
three, or four clerks, as he may desire.
ill-. FARNSWORTH. It seems to me that
the object of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bxxgham] would be answered by leaving the
text of the bill as it is. It also seems to me
that it would be improper and unwise to limit
the number of clerks to one, two, or three, or
any number whatever. It occurs to me that
as this bill provides that in some of the cities
there may be one superintendent for several
congressional districts, as in the city of iNew
York, which was instanced by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham;] it occurs to ine
that in such a case the superintendent could
not well get along with one clerk, or two, or
half a dozen. It might bo necessary in some
of these large districts for a short time to have
a doz&u or twenty. I think, therefore, it would
be improper to iimit the number; and I see
no better way of dealing with the matter than
to leave it as it is in the bill, to the wise dis-
cretion of the Secretary of the Interior, who
will act according to the necessities of each
case and make such allowance for clerk hire
as the superintendent may require to assist
liim in making proper returns to the commis-
sioner of the census.
It seems to me that it is too small a matter
for the committee, to spend very much time
over this question of the clerks to the superin-
tendents, who caunot employ them for more
than sixty days bylaw, and attempting to limit
them to one clerk each. I presume that in
many of the country districts one clerk will be
sufficient, but in a city or where there are sev-
eral congressional districts in one census dis-
trict one clerk certainly would notbe sufficient.
.Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Chairman, reference
has been inado to the cost of the taking of the
census of 1850 and of 1860, with an effort to
hhow that this bill is to be much more costly.
Such a comparison should not influence our
judgment. I apprehend the work to be done
under this bill is as important to this country
as any that could be done at this time. If the
census be fairly taken under the schedules pro-
posed it will present to the statistician aud the
economist the most remarkable results that
have ever been published. The account of the
increase of population, wealth, and power, of
the growth and development of this country
during the last decade, nearly five years of
which was spent in war, will, 1 repeat, present
to the statistician and economist the most re-
markable book that has ever been published;
and it is important that it should be correct.
The reply made by the Indian preacher to the
comment upon his salary may be made to the
taking of the census of 1850 and of 1860. When
lie stated what he got his interlocutor said to
him, "Very poor pay." "Yes," replied he,
"and very poor preacher, too." [Laughter.]
If the census of 1850 or 1860 did cost but
little they were not worth their cost. Full,
fair, and correct reports of those censuses
would have been worth hundred of millions of
dollars to the country. I am therefore ready
to put at the command of those who may be
charged as set forth in this bill the amplest
means. I would not, with a view of saving a
few thousand dollars, give them excuse or pre-
text, real or assumed, for saying that Congress
in ordaining the taking of the census prohib-
ited its faithful and full taking by withholding
adequate agencies.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] has said that this is the first eensus
under a revenue law, and proposes that the
assessors of revenue shall take it. I want the
taking of the census kept distinct from the
revenue department, so that we may order a
comparison between the industries and in-
comes found by the revenue department with
those found by the takers of the census. I
want to give the chief of the Bureau of Inter-
nal Revenue the means of ascertaining which
of the officers of districts have been faithful,
where there are leaks, where there are frauds
or is negligence. I would therefore rather be
willing to prohibit anybody engaged in or con-
nected with the collection of the internal reve-
nue from having any office in connection with
this census.
I would give to the Superintendent of the
Census, under proper limitations, an adequate
amount of clerk hire for a week, or ten days,
or two weeks, or the whole time, so that there
should be no pretext that for the purpose of
saving a few hundred dollars we had marred a
work required by the Constitution to be per-
formed but once in ten years, and which, if
well performed, will do more to bring capital
and immigration to this country than all else
we may print in the next ten years, so surpris-
ing must the results prove to be.
While on the floor I desire to say that if I
can obtain the floor when it will be in order I
will move to strike out the proviso which
authorizes the assignment of all the congres-
sional districts of a city to one district super-
intendent. Now York is to-day the commercial
center of our country, and in another decade
it may be, and I believe it will be, at least in
two decades at the utmost, the commercial
center of the world. Philadelphia is to-day
the largest manufacturing county in the world.
I do not say the largest manufacturing city; for
London lies in two counties, and London is
the only city on the globe that exceeds Phila-
delphia as a manufacturing city. In the extent
and variety of its manufactures, the consump-
tion of its varied raw material, the value and
perfection of its productions, and the number
of skilled laborers employed, it stands with
but one rival in the world.
Now, in this work, to be done but once in
ten years, by which the scholar, the statistician,
and the economist all the world over are to
judge us, and to announce to the people of
their countries our position and condition,
there should be the most liberal application
of means, even though it may require some
expenditure of money to collect the statistics
fully and correctly.
I turn, sir, to my own district. There are
more than two people in it to-day for every
one there was when the census of 1860 was
taken. The manufacturing results are now as
three to one at that time, and their diversifi-
cation has been even greater. To illustrate
the growth and progress of a people enter-
prising as ours, occupying a continent as their
own, and under free institutions, nothing could
be more pertinent than the accurate statistics
of a district like mine.
The entire work is to be done in sixty days;
the time is limited. If under the law the
labor for a great city is once confided to one
district superintendent who may prove to be
incompetent there will be no time to retrieve
the error ; and your census of 1870 will prob-
ably prove to he as worthless in leading char-
acteristics as those of 1S60 and 1850 were.
I ask, therefore, that the most liberal allow-
ance may be made, in the discretion of those
whom we are charging with this duty, and who
will be under the control of an Administration
which has shown not only such a tendency to
economize but such power to do it. We may
fairly trust them in a great work of this kind.
I hope that the law which we may pass will
make a liberal provision, and will secure to
each congressional district the services of a
superintendentof the census and secure reports
which will let us and all other people ascertain
our relations to the productions of the world
and the onward march of civilization.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman,
I desire to say only a few words in response
to one point made by the gentleman who has
just taken his seat. And first I desire to say
that I have been greatly gratified with his
remarks in general concerning the census. 1
have felt from the beginning that in the fra ming
of this bill small economy would be wasteful-
ness. Though the committee has tried in every
feasible way to restrain and restrict expendi-
tures in the taking of the census, yet it seems to
me that in procuring the necessary thorough-
ness, accuracy, and promptitude in the taking
of these statistics reasonable expenditure is
real economy.
But concerning what the gentleman from
Pennsylvania has said about congressional
districtsl desire to make a single remark, after
which, with the permission of the committee,
I shall move that the committee rise to close
general debate, that we may proceed with the
consideration of the bill under the five-minutes
rule.
The very reason or the very fact that the
gentleman has suggested of the great growth
of cities in modern times led the committee to
adopt this provision in reference to them in
this bill.
It seems to me that this is the day of great
cities. It was not only true when Alison, the
historian, said it, but it is still more strikingly
true since he wrote it, that the growth of cities
has become the great feature of the last half
century. A comparison of twenty or thirty
of the great cities of the world shows in all
countries that the population of those cities is
increasing on an average of more than twice
as fast as the population of the surrounding
rural districts. The great growth of countries
tends to the cities. Everywhere a man brought
up to agriculture can get away from his busi-
ness into the city he is doing so. It is one of
the marked and most startling tendencies of
our times. Every man who can find his way
into employment in the cities is doing so. A
city, Mr. Chairman, is a kind of organism,
a kind of living being; and it seemed to the
committee that there was some good reason
why the eity should be taken as a whole, why
if possible some man of large brain and com-
prehensive experience should be chosen to see
to and superintend the statistics of our great
Cities. It is precisely because of the interests
growing up in these cities and around them, it
is because of the magnitude of these cities that
the committee thought it wise to throw the cities
together in this hill, so that they may stand as
individuals and may be taken as one.
Now, I take it for granted that the gentle-
man himself could name some gentleman in
Philadelphia who could more comprehensively,
more efficiently direct the taking of the census
of Philadelphia than we could possibly have
it done by dividing that city into sections
bounded by congressional district lines.
Mr. KELLEY. If the gentlemen were to
propose adequate compensation for the enor-
mously increased labor it is quite possible you
could; but you leave the compensation for a
man who takes charge of the great city of New
York, or of Philadelphia, or any other of our
great cities precisely the same as you pay the
man who takes charge of the easiest taken
district in the country. If you throw the six
districts or the four and a half districts into one
you cannot get a first-class man to do six times
the labor or four and a half times the labor
that others are doing for the same pay which
those others are to get.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The suggestion
of my friend from the Philadelphia district of
Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] is a very wise one.
I would willingly join him in voting that in the
case of such consolidated districts a larger pay
should be granted. This would be only just.
But the committee were so desirous of restrict-
ing within the narrowest possible limits the
expenditures under this bill that they left the
matter as it is there provided. I think an
amendment of the nature suggested, coming
