1364
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
States of America, and admitted into the Union
on an equal footing with the original States in
all respects whatever, by the name and title of
the State of Louisiana; provided that it shall
be taken as a condition upon which the said
State is incorporated into the Union that the
river Mississippi," and the navigable waters,
&c., shall be free.
Mr. HOWARD. Bead the whole of it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will read the whole
of it, if the Senator desires to hear it:
"Provided, That it shall be taken as a condition
upon which the said State is incorporated into the
Union that tlie river Mississippi, and the navigable
rivers and waters leading into the same and into the
Gnlf of Mexico, shall bo common highways and for-
ever free, as well to the inhabitants of the said State
as to the inhabitants of other States and Territories
of the United States, without any tax, duty, impost,
or toll therefor imposed by said State, and that the
above condition, and also all other conditions and
terms contained in the third section of the act, the
title whereof is hereinbefore recited, shall be deemed,
considered, and taken as the fundamental conditions
and terms upon which said State is incorporated into
the Union.
This was the act of 1812. You will observe
that one of the conditions of the third section
of the act of 1811 was that the constitution
"should contain the fundamental principles
of civil and religious liberty;" and in the act
that admitted, the Stateitwas declared that the
conditions provided in the third section of the
act preparatory to the admission of the State
should be " fundamental conditions and terms
upon which said State is incorporated into the
Union." In 1844, more than a quarter of a
century ago, in the State of Louisiana a Cath-
olic priest officiated at the burial of a deceased
person. An ordinance of the city of New
Orleans imposed a penalty on any priest who
should officiate at any bnrial in any church
other than the obituary chapfel. The state-
ment of the case is:
"The plaintiff in error was a Roman Catholio
priest; and on being proceeded against, filed an
answer which was."
Then follows the answer, in which he admits
that he did officiate at the bnrial of a deceased
person at a place other than the obituary
chapel, and claimed the right to do so as a
priest belonging to the Catholic church, and
under the authority of the Constitution and
laws of the United States securing religious
liberty.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator give me
a reference to the authority ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. You will find the au-
thority in 3 Howard, page 589; it is the case
of Permoli vs. The First Municipality of New
Orleans. I onght to state here that I am in-
debted to the Senator from Louisiana [Mr.
Kellogg] for calling my attention to this case.
He did it yesterday, and I took the opportunity
last night to look into the case, ana I find it
"bears directly npon this question of the impo-
sition of fundamental conditions.
Mr. SUMNER. What was the date of the
C&86' v
Mr. TRUMBULL. Eighteen hnndred and
forty-four.
Mr. SUMNER. It was long ago, while
slavery^prevailed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Undoubtedly I suppose
the Senator would say it was in the interest of
slavery! Sir, it had nothing to do with slavery;
but everything that does not suit the Senator
is in the interest of slavery! This was a ques-
tion as to whether a Catholic priest should
have the right to bury a man according to the
discipline of his church; and I suppose that
had something to do with slavery! [Laughter. ]
What, in the name of Heaven, has not slavery
something to do with? The officiating of the
priest at this funeral had no more to do with
slavery than would the hiring of a man to chop
wood in the mountains of Nevada, when a ques-
tion arose as to whether he should be paid for
his labor; and if he should happen to be killed
there, the question as to how he was to be
boned would, I suppose, in the Senator's mind,
nave something to do with sl&yory I
Now, I will read the language of the Supreme
Court of the United States on the case from
Louisiana. Mr. Justice Catron delivered the
unanimous opinion of the court:
" The ordinances complained of must violate the
Constitution or laws of the United States, or some
authority exercised under them. If they do not, we
have no power by the twenty-fifth section of the
judiciary act to interfere. The Constitution makes
no provision for protecting the citizens of the re-
spective States in their religious liberties. This is
left to the State constitutions and laws; nor is there
any inhibition imposed by the Constitution of the
United States in this respect on the States."
I am aware that a misapprehension prevails
very generally upon this subject. The Consti-
tution of the United States contains an inhibi-
tion on Congress, but not on the States, in this
respect; the inhibition is in these words :
" Congress shall make no law respecting an estab-
lishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise
thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech or of the
press."
But there is no such inhibition on the States;
it is simply upon Congress.
After referring to the acts which I have read,
the act of 1811, preparatory to the admission
of Louisiana, and the act of 1812, admitting
that State, the court goes on to say:
"All Congress intended was to dcclare in advance
to the people of the Territory the fundamental prin-
ciples their constitution should contain. This was
every way proper under the circumstances; the in-
strument having been duly formed and presented,
it was for the national Legislature to judge whether
it, contained the proper principles, and to accept it
if it did, or reject it if it did not. Having accepted
the constitution and admitted the State on an equal
footing with the original States in all respects what-
ever, in express terms, by the act of 1812, Congress
was concluded from assuming that the instructions
contained in the act of 1811 had not been complied
with.
" No fundamental principles could be added by
way of amendment, as this would have been making
part of the State constitution; if Congress could
make it in part, it might, in the form of amendment,
make it entire. The conditions and terms referred
to in the act of 1812 could only relate to the stipula-
tions oontained in the second proviso of the act of
1811, involving rights of property and navigation."
The court then proceeds to say :
"So far as they conferred political rights and
secured civil and religious liberties—which are polit-
ical rights—the laws of Congress were all superseded
by the State constitution; nor is any part of them in
force unless they were adopted by the constitution
of Louisiana as laws of the State. It is not possible
to maintain that the United States hold in trust, by
force of the ordinance, for the people of Louisiana
all the great elemental principles, or any one of
them, contained in the ordinance and secured to the
people of the Orleans territory during its existence."
It is not possible to hold that Congress hold
in trust fox the people of Louisiana the great
fundamental principles of religious liberty,
which the court say is a political right, although
the act of Congress which admitted Louisiana
referred to the ordinance of 1811 which secured
to the people of that State religious liberty and
made it a fundamental condition on which the
State was admitted. And yet the court say
that by the admission of Louisiana, although
the act declared she was admitted on the fund-
amental conditions contained in the act of
1811, all those conditions were gone, and it
was impossible for Congress to hold in trust
these religious rights. And it is equally impos-
sible to hold in trust these educational rights
in the case of Mississippi. That Case, I appre-
hend, is precisely in point.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We do not adid anything
to this constitution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There was nothing added
to that constitution except to require that what
had been prescribed in the act of. 1811 should
be a fundamental condition. Now, the Sena-
tor from Vermont says the proposed conditions
do not add anything to the constitution of Mis-
sissippi. I humbly submit that they do add to
it. The constitution provides by its terms that
the people of Mississippi may amend it in a
certain way. You undertake to make for the
people of Mississippi a constitution which they
cannot amend. Is not that adding to it?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir. If my friend will
pardon me for interrupting him, I will say that
these cases are not new, J take it, to any of
us 
I thought the Senator
the case, but to ask a
Mr. TRUMBULL.
wanted not to argue
question.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will not take two min-
utes of the Senator's time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The difference between
the case the Senator states and the one I sug-
gested to him is this, which I am sure my friend
will recognize when I state it. The court say,
taking them at their word, that the difficulty
with the ordinance of 1811, incorporated into
the fundamental condition of the act of 1812,
was that it undertook to inject into the consti-
tution of Louisiana a new and distinct pro-
vision on the subject of civil and religious rights
that it did_ not contain before. Now, in the
Mississippi case all we undertake to do is to
say to the people of Mississippi: "You shall
keep in your constitution a fundamental prin-
ciple of progress that you have now."
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from Ver-
mont cannot see at a glance that that changes
the constitution of Mississippi I am sure that
no illustration which I could make would in-
duce him to see it. I will restate the matter,
however. The constitution of Mississippi pro-
vides for its own amendment, and it is com-
petent for the people of the State of Mississippi,
by a two-thirds vote of their Legislature and a
majority vote of their people, to change the
school system it establishes. Now, if this
fundamental condition is good for anything
that you propose to put in it prevents forever
any change of the constitution by the people
of Mississippi. Does not that change their
constitution ? I submit that it does.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
Vermont cannot see that that alters the con-
stitution of Mississippi I do not know that any
further illustration could make it plain to him.
To me it is palpable that it is a change.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Illinois yield ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will yield to any one.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope the Senator will
yield to me, as his charity is so broad. I wanted
to ask the Senator if he had before him. the case
of S trader vs. Graham.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have not.
Mr. THURMAN. Then, with the Senator's
permission, I will say one word. The case that
the Senator read from, Permoli vs. The First
Municipality, was affirmed by the Supreme
Court in the case of Pollard vs. Hagan, in 3
Howard, and again affirmed in the case of
Strader vs. Graham, in 10 Howard, and there
appiled to the Ordinance of 1787. I wished to
interrupt the Senator now because I fell into an
error in the discussion of another bill in regard
to the judicial decisions upon that subject. It
was argued that the imposition of fundamental
conditions was illustrated in the case of the
State of Ohio, since she was required to make
a constitution consistent with the Ordinance of *
1787. The case of Strader vs. Graham decides
that that ordinance is not in force in Ohio in
its political provisions, and it is therefore a
direct decision against, the power of Congress
to impose fundamental conditions.
Mr. SUMNER. What was the date of that
decision, will the Senator say ?
Mr. THURMAN. Well, sir, it was before
slavery was abolished. [Laughter.]
Mr. SUMNER. Yes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, Mr. President, if
my friend from Illinois will pardon me a min-
ute, to make the history, of these decisions
complete my friend from Ohio ought to have
added that the one read by my friend from
Illinois was again affirmed by a great culmina-
tion in the case of Dred Scott. I hope he has
not forgotten that. [Laughter.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is just about upon
a par with the argument that these conditions
ought to be imposed upon Mississippi because
the Democratic party vote against imposing
