5140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
supposed ho had left, and that a freedman told him
that if he would ride out a few miles from town in
ft certain wood and would look into a ravine lio
would imd the bodies of eighteen freedmen and one
white man partially covered there. Ho was accom-
panied by 0. II. Violet, who was then bureau agent
m the parish. He proceeded to the point indicated
and saw the bodies. He stated to me that the hands
were sticking through the dirt, and that he counted
some .sixteen or eighteen bodies lying in the ravine.
He was also informed that at several other points m
the parish similar things could be seen."
"Joseph Gradney, (colored:)
*' Question. What was the feeling among the col-
ored people after that as to their own safety ?
"Answer. There were no hopes for any safety at
all. There were threats made that those who did not
join the Democratic party, and did not act with it,
would have to mind theconsequences after the elec-
tion. Those who were registered, and who were sus-
pected by the Democrats, had to give their registra-
tion papers to men who were sure not to go back on
them. My own ticket was taken from me and given
to a Democratic negro of the name of Jim Harvey.
I was ordered by George Robinson to give it to him
because he was a truer man to the party than I was,
as there was no confidence to be placcdin me.
"Question. What ticket did you vote?
"Answer, I voted the Democratic ticket for life's
sake, but it was not my desire to do so. iThis negro
who got my registration paper voted the Democratic
ticket, lie has always been considered a Democrat
since I knew him.
"Question. How did you come to the polls?
"Answer. A gentleman gave me a ticket, and when
I got to the ballot-box I put it right into the box
before them.
"Question. Were there any armed men there at the
polls ?
"Answer. They had small-arms and pistols, but
they did not have any guns. I cannot exactly say
how many had pistols. I can say that all I noticed
had small-arms. They always carried them.
"Question. Were you threatened on the day of
election ?
*1A nswer, I was not threatened, except the gen oral
threat that if wo did not vote the Democratic ticket
we had to stand the consequences; that anybody
who did not vote the Democratic ticket must bear in
mind if he did any mean action afterward that there
would be no chance for him at all.
"Question. Iiow did your brother vote ?
"Answer. He voted the same ticket that I did.
All the colored men who voted voted theDemocratic
ticket. There was not a Republican ticket voted
there.
"Question. Before this riot took place bow many
colored Democrats were there in the parish ?
"Answer. Before the Democrats organized a col-
ored club all the colored men belonged to the Repub-
lican club. Afterward they left that club and joined
the Democratic club."
44 Thomas Thompson:
44 Question. Where do you live?
"Answer. In Washington, St. Landry parish.
44 Question. Were you therein November last, dur-
ing the election for members of Congress?
Answer. I was there; I am a registered voter of
the parish.
" Question. Are you a freedman ?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
"Question. Are you well acquainted in the parish?
"Answer. I was raised there, and am well ac-
quainted.
" Question. Were you there at the election in
November?
"Answer. I was.
" Question. What party do you belong to ?
41Answer. I belong to the Radical party. I always
voted the Republican ticket when I was allowed to
do as I wanted to, but at the last election I voted
the Democratic tickct because I was compelled to by
men with arms. Doctor Robinson, the man I was
staying with, kept iny registration papeis until the
day of election. I asked him for them several times,
but he would not give them to me. On the day of
election he took me with threeother men to the polls,
and said if you do not vote this ticket it will be death
to you. I had to vote it to save my life.
44 Question. Did you see any other men treated in
the same way?
"Ansioer. There were nine eolored men went with
me, and theywere all forced to vote as I did, and saw
the same thing dono to many others, it was threat-
ened by the people of the pari&h that we would bo
murdered if we tried to vote the Republican ticket.
" Question. Wasthere any protection atall aft^rded
to the colored people in their right of voting, either
by the military or civil authorities?
"Answer. None at all; no men were permitted to
hold meetings; not even churches.
" Question. Did you see any armed people about
the streets of Washington, or during the election ?
"Answer. There were many of them all around.
44 Question. Do you know whether the Democratic
party were in the habit of having armed men through-
out the parish, and controlling it by that means ?
"Answer. Yes, sir; it was done all the time, and
no colored men were permitted to travel through
that parish unless they had a pass from headquar-
ters.
" Question. If you had been permitted to vote, for
what person would you have voted for Congress ?
Ansioer. Doctor C. B. Darrall; it was the wish
tor the colored men to vote for him.
'4 Question. What numberinthe parish do you sup-
pose voted the Democratic-ticket from their own
choice ?
"Answer. I should think from seventy-five to
eighty; notmorc.
" Question. It nil had been allowed to vote as they
wanted, which side do you think would have had
the most votes ?
"Ansioer. The Republican party, lam sure, would
have given the most votes, if they had been allowed
to vote as they wanted to.
"J. Baptiste Antoine:
"Question* Did you vote there?
# "Answer. Yes, sir; butl had to votetheDemocratic
ticket. There were armed men followed me to the
polls and compelled me to vote theDemocratic ticket.
They placed a ticket in iny hand and made me put
it in the box; it was not the ticket I wanted to vote.
I wanted to vote the Republican ticket, but was forced
to vote the Democratic ticket; it was not the ticket.
It was the same with all the Republicans.
"Question. Did you see others forced to go to the
polis and vote the Democratic ticket?
"Answer. Yes, sir; there was a meeting held before
the election, and it was announced that all who
wanted protection must receive a ticket from the
headquarters of the Democratic party.
"Question. Did you receive a tickct?
"Answer. Yes, sir; I did.
"Question. In case you refused to vote the Demo-
cratic ticket, what would have been done ?
"Ansiver. I would have been killed. They said it
would not do for us to join the Democratic party after
the election; but if we would not assist at that time
we would be killed afterward. That was the talk all
over the parish.
"Question. Do you know of any colored men in
that parish who were registered voters in that par-
ish who desired to vote the Democratic ticket?
"Ansioer. I should suppose there were perhaps
eighty; the balance desired to vote the Republican
ticket.
"Question. If they had been permitted to vote as
they desired to vote, who would they have voted for?
"Answer. They would have voted for Doctor
Darrall.
"Question. Have you traveled about the parish
much ?
"Answer. I am well acquainted with the colored
population of the parish there. Many of them came
to me and asked me how to vote.
"Question. If they had been allowed to vote as they
wished, which party would have had the majority ?
"Answer. The Republicans would. I think the
Republicans would have had six or seven hundred
majority. The Democrats themselves acknowledge
that the Republicans would have had the majority.
"Question. Were any Republicans compelled to
leave the parish ?
"Ansioer. Ye3: the prominent Republicans were
all compelled to leave to save their lives; even na-
tives of the parish, and owners of property, were not
allowed to go back there."
"B. Wilson:
44 Question. Where do you reside?
"Answer, In the parish of St. Landry, where I
have lived for twenty-one years, being a registered
voter there, but ray registration papers were taken
from me by the president of the Democratic party,
who also compelled me to vote the Democratic ticket,
although desiring to vote the Republican ticket, be-
ing told I had to vote the Democratic ticket or die.
Question. Do you know ot their having made
other Republicans in your parish vote the Demo-
cratic ticket?
"Answer. Yes, sir, I know of their having brought
Republicans in by the hundred and compelling them
by force and threats to vote the Democratic ticket for
President and member of Congress. AVitness states
he was there and saw largo numbers of Republicans,
men whom I know had been shot, and their bodies
being devoured by the buzzards, having boen left
unburied.
" Question. How many of these did you sec?
** Answer. There could not have been less than
thirty-five or forty.
" Question. Do you know if tho printing-press was
destroyed there?
"Answer. Yes, sir; I know all the office was de-
stroyed and everything scattered in the street.
"Question. Was it possible lor Republicans to vote
as they desired to at tho fate congressional election ?
"Answer. No, sir; it was a complete reign of ter-
ror there; but the Republican party made no threats,
insulU, or any aggressive movement at all against
the Democratic party.
"Question, Smce the riots have the Republican
party there been allowed to assemble at all?
*%jhiHwer. No, sir: not at all. They have not been
permitted to assemble, or even to go to church; they
arc m a worse condition now than when m bondage—
the colored people.
"Question. From what you know and have beard,
what number of Republicans have been killed in
that parish in the last six months?
"Answer. Not less than four hundred. Thavebeen
informed this by different Democrats, and know it
personally.
"Question. Do you know of any number of Repub-
licans who have been compelled to leave that parish
to save their lives who are now refugees in this city?
"Answer. I know of a large number of men who
were in independent circumstances, old citizens and
highly respectable, who, in order to save their lives,
had to leave the parish and are now refugees in this
city."
"Emerson Bcntley:
* To Mr, Stevenson :
141 reside in the city of New Orleans. I was here
on the day of election, I had been residing at Ope-
lousas, in the parish of St. Landry. I left there on
the 2Sth of September.
44 Question. What caused you to leave there ?
4'.A?wmw. There was an uprising of the whites in
that paiish, for the purpose of driving out the Radi-
cal leaders, and i was advised by my friends to leave,
as my life was in danger. I was editing the St. Lan-
dry Progress, and was teaching a school. My paper
was Republican in polities.
44 Question. State how you eame away.
"Aimoer, I came away in a concealed manner. On
the 28th September a party of three men camq into
the school-house where I was teaching and gave
me a severe caning on account of an article which I
had published in my paper giving a description of a
meeting held in the town ot Washington a week or
two previously, where a body of two thousand whites
had turned out, under arms, apparently for tho
purpose of intimidating Republicans. I went down
to the ofiiee of the justice ot the peace, which i* just
outside of the limits of the town, and while I was
there I was inlormed that I would not be allowed to
return to the town. A few hours afterward, under
the advice of friends. I was placed in concealment,
and from place to place, during an interval of twenty-
one days, 1 was making my way to this city.
,v Question. How did you come to the city ?
"Answer. I wasconcealed in houses, and in various
places in the parish of St. Landry tor a number ot
days. Then 1 procured a skiff and camc across to
the town of Plaquemines, and troru there I came by
steamer to New Orleans."
Extract from Planters' Banner, October 17, 1S68.
44 In the liot of St. Landry, while the carpet-
baggers were fleeing for their lives at the close ot the
'unpleasantness," the negroes by hundreds wero
flocking to O.pelousas begging the protection of tho
white people against the white scouts that wero
sweeping over the parish shooting down the negroes
in all directions. Large quantities ot red flannel
were torn in strips arid tied in tho button-holes of
the negroes'clothes to show that protection had been
granted them. Such is the protection they get from
carpet-baggers when they are in trouble."
A few days before the election a man—a brave
German Republican, a captain in our Army—
went to Opelousas to deliver Republican tick-
ets. He was seized, the ticketswere taken away
from him, and he was escorted by officers to the
edge of the town and sent out of the parish. He
was followed by armed men for two days and
nights, through field and swamp, and barely
escaped with his life.
Extract from testimony of S. A. Miller.
" Question. Have you been in the United States
Army ?
"Ansioer. Yes; for three years.
44 Question. When did you return to the parish of
St. Landry, and for what purpose?
" Answer. On the last of October, last year, for the
purpose of cxercising my right of voting, being a
registered voter there, and to distribute tickets and
electioneer for the Republican party.
44 Question. How were you treated while you were
there?
"Answer. The Democrats met me and threatened
me with violence, ordering me to leave the placo
immediately; took the Republican tickets i had
from me by force and destroyed them, and told me
I need not think I could reorganize the Republican
party in that parish again, for they were not going
to allow it to be done. Theparishsheriff, Mr. Hays,
who also keeps the hotel there, told me I was too
obnoxious to he allowed to stay in the parish or in
his house, and that I could not stop there, but must
leave at once. One of the town councilmen and a
deputy sheriff told me I must leave the corporation
immediately, as the mob could not be kept down by
them if I should be allowed to remain; the deputy
sheriff then took and accompanied me outside the
town corporation, and then left me to escape through
the woods as best 1 could from about fifty horsemen,
who had followed me from town; these horsemen
hunted mc all that mght, thenextday, and the night
after, when I managed to escape from the woods and
them, they having had me suirounded in the woods
all that time; some of these men who had followed
me were disguised with masks."
And while the committee sat in New Orleans
the Republican editor, who had been driven
away, went back under escort of United States
soldiers to reestablish his paper, and he was
obliged to leave, not being permitted to remain
there.
Extract from testimony of Emerson Bentley.
4|Question. Uavo yon been in Opelousas since?
Answer. I have. I went back some two or three
weeks ago, tor the purpose of reestablishing my
paper.
■' Question. In what condition did you find things
there ?
"Answer. I found a great deal of bitterness in that
community toward me. A great many threats were
made against my life. I was also informed thatthey
had sworn to kill me, and thatl would notbe allowed
to live there. Several persons advised mc to leave
the parish or I would be killed.
^ Question. Who so informed you?
Answer.. I am not allowed to give the names of
the parties, as they were given to me as a matter of
confidence.
44 Question. Were they Republicans or Democrats?
