4196
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 83
tke-.raatter go immediately to thorn and have
it ended.
.'fPersons and papers!" Everybody who
knows anything about this treaty, I suppose,
may be sent for. 'I do not know but that the
honorable Senator from Connecticut, and I am
quite sure that thehonorable Senator from Mas-
sachusetts would want Baez here. By what
process are you going to bring him, the ruler
of another dominion, the ruler of another
continent? How are you going to get Baez
here ? Perhaps they propose to subpena the
particular friend of my friend from Connecti-
cut, Cabral, the wild savage from the Haytiau
dominions. And this man is to bo hung up
between the heavens and the earth-with judg-
ment already pronounced; and when I say
that, I admit that it is pronounced by no ordin-
ary man; it is pronounced bj emphatically
the leader of this Senate, and the end-all and
be-all of the Committee on Foreign Relations.
There, sir, is the judgment pronounced from
this high quarter; and yet my honorable friend
seems to court the power of investigating it.
Sir, if 1 stood in the honorable Senator's posi-
tion 1 would bo the first to advocate the refer-
ence of this ease to a special committee.
Now, Mr. President, I have said all 1 desire
to say on this matter; and, if it is in order, I
wove to amend the motion of the honorable
Senator from Connecticut by referring this
matter, instead of to the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to a select committee of live, to lie
appointed by t'ue Chair; audi have already
stated reasons enough why it should bo done,
[f it were proper for me to speak here of what
lias occnrrcd in another place I could give
additional reasons ; but it is not proper to do
thai.. But it will recur to the Committee on For-
eign Relations in one moment that the thing
would not only ho entirely wrong, but irregular;
I will, not use the word that I started out to
use, because I liavo the highest respect for the
individual members of that oommittee; but
thoy soem to have taken the bit in their own
mouths about San Domingo, and tliey are going
to ride down the public sentiment of this coun-
t ry and of this Senate nolens vokns. They are
going to draw, by some mysterious investiga-
tion, this man up to the shambles, whether he
will or no. 1 appeal from that injustice to the
higher sense of justice that will pervade men
who seek only tiie truth.
The VICE PRESIDENT, Tim Senator from
Nevada moves to amend the motion of t he Sen-
ator from Connecticut so as to refer the peti-
tion-and the accompanying papers to a select
committee of live. The Chair will staie that
the thirty-sixth rule provides—
" Whoo motionsaremado for reference of
suwccstlo a solecfc commit toe and to a Kt.:ndni3 com-
mittee, fell© question on reioioncp to tbo ,>t.indium
committee shall bo first put.''
The Chair will however be indulged in ask-
ing tlio Senator from Nevada to omit from his
motion, if he will, the app'ointment of the com-
mittee by the President of the Senate. The
important committees of this body are elected
by the Senate. If the Senator omits those
words, and the motion for a select committee
of five should prevail, the Senate then would
be compelled to elect the committee.
Mr. POMEROY. All our special commit-
tees and committees of conference are appoint ed
by the Chair.
Mr. HAMLIN. "Unlessotherwiseordcred,''
the Chair will recollect, is the language of the
rule. If we order otherwise, it is perfectly
appropriate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It has always been the
invariable custom to ask the Chair to appoint
special commiltees.
Mr. POMEROY. Oh, yes; that is always
the case.
Mr. CARPENTER. I have no acquaint-
ance with General Babeock, do not know that
I. ever saw him; I never saw Mr. Hatch that
I am aware of. I have no knowledge of the
matters stated in this petition. I am, however,
in favor of an investigation, and of the most
thorough, searching, and exhaustive investiga-
tion, whenever it is represented to this Senate
that an American citizen has suffered wrong-
fully in a foreign land. The British Govern-
ment Stands peerless before the world and
challenges the world's admiration for the pro-
tection it affords to its subjects in the remotest
corner of the globe. No matter how far away
nor in what clime, nor how humble the sufferer
may be, that Government is ready to exert its
utmost power for his relief and the redress of
monarchy
the wrongs it often inflicts upon the subjects
and citizens of other countries.
In this respect, in iny judgment, this great
Republic has been sadly at fault; and it is high
time that our practice, in this particular, should
be reformed. Whenever any person claiming
to be our countiyman, a citizen of this great
Republic, represents to us that he has suffered
insult or injury in any foreign country, there
should bo a prompt investigation into his ease,
and such relief afforded as a powerful nation
can grant.
Therefore, I shall vote to refer these charges
to a committee for investigation; but I shall
vote for the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Nevada, [Mr. Nye,] and upon the
precise ground stated by him, that I cannot
consent to infer I his case, involving the char-
acter of a high officer iu the Army, and a per-
sonal friend of our President, to a committee
whose chairman has made so decisive a report
upon the merits of the question.
We all know some things which cannot be
mentioned in open Senate ; we know the deep
feeling which, to quote the guarded language
of the Senator from Nevada, exists in another
place upon a certain question. This investi-
gation should be made for the sole purpose of
ascertaining the truth; not to whitewash one
man or crush another, not to help or harm any
other question or measure, and no committee
should go into this investigation with a leader,
a chairman, who already has so decisive ail
opinion upon its merits that he could not wait
for the Senator from Connecticut [Mr. Perry]
to finish the accusation, but was impelled by
the warmth of his indignation to interrupt that
Senator's recilal with the crushing judgment
and sentence due only to established guilt,
" He ought to be cashiered from the Army."
Sir, the charge of a judge to a jury who arc
to determine the facts, that if A has committed
murder he deserves to be hanged, has very
little resemblance to the hasty and violent
expression of the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Su;.tJ.ri;r.,] as the chairman of the com-
mittee which is to judge of both law and facts
iu a particular case. And when the chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Relations, before
the accusation was fully heard even, inter-
rupted, in violation of the rules, and not by
leave of the Senator from Connecticut, to pass
final judgment, I think we were all excused
from sending this case to that committee.
Sir, let us have an investigation which shall
go to the bottom of this matter; let us investi-
gate to-dny, and if the case be such as to re-
quire it, let a man-of-war sail to-morrow to
redress this man's wrongs; and let it bo con-
sidered as the settled policy of this Republic to
redress the wrongs of its citizens, not* only in
San Domingo, but everywhere; and I invoke
a part of the indignation and wrath which the
chairman of our Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions has poured upon General Babeock in
behalf of a redress of the yet unpunished
wrongs which have been committed upon
American citizens in Cuba. They have been
murdered, openly assassinated in the streets of
Havana, and one of our citizens representing
this nation as an acting consul has been driven
from that island, escaping for his life under
protection of the flag of England. There is
an admirable opportunity for another invest-
igating committee. Sir, I shall vote for all
such investigations. Wherever our citizens are
wronged, wherever their rights are denied
them, whether on a feeble island of the ocean
or in Spain or France, or.wherever else the
adventurous foot of an American citizen may
plant itself, there he should be protected, and
the entire power of the nation exerted to grant
him relief and to redress his wrongs.
Let us investigate this case thoroughly, but
let it be done by a committee whose chairman
has not already reported against one of the
conspicuous actors whose conduct is to be in-
vestigated.
Mr. TIIAYER. Mr. President, it is some-
what extraordinary that certain things are
proposed at a certain time. We are near the
consideration of a treaty, and all at once these
measures are then proposed to the Senate.
Now, sir, I think this fact is somewhat signifi-
cant. If one plan fails another is ready to he
sprung upon the .Senate. I should like to ask
the Senator from Connecticut why this matter
has not been brought to the attention of the
Senate before? Has he not had this petition
in his hands some little time?
Jilr. FERRY. I will answer the Senator.
The first time that this matter was brought to
my attention it was by a son of Mr. Hatch, in
ignorance where his father was or what was
his lather's fate. He had iearned, however, a
rumor that he was imprisoned m San Domingo,
and wished me to make inquiry. 1 did so, with
what result the Senator knows lrom some papers
already laid upon our tables. The son subse-
quently sent me a petition to be presented to
the Senate, which I did, and it was referred,
in the ordinary course of business, to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations. Upon the demand
of the officer commanding our squadron in the
West Indies Mr. Hatch was at last, about a
month ago, released from his imprisonment,
and upon arriving at Havana wrote to me. I
at once replied to him, stating that the-only
petition here in his cuse was that of his son,
which was indefinite, as his circumstances at
the time that petition was presented were not
known, and advising him to forward a petition
himself, stating all the facts in his case. He
sent that petition to me, and I received it some
days sinee. I have been making inquiries since
its reception for other facts connected with the
case and necessary to go before the committee;
for Mr. Hatch himself has not yet arrived,
although I have written advising him to come
on as soon as possible; and having this morn-
ing only obtained the final evidence which I
desired, I to-day introduced Mr. Hatch's peti-
tion.
Mr. TIIAYER. I understood the Senator
to say that the petition had been in his hands
some days.
Mr. FERRY. Several days.
Mr. THAYER. And I was surprised that
it had not been brought 1o the attention of the
Senate before; for if au American citizen has
been maltreated by a foreign Government, not
a day nor an hour should be lost before this
Government is called upon to take the proper
steps to secure redress and protection to its
citizen, be he whom he may. I agree with the
Senator from Wise or: sin in that declaration.
The duty of this Government is clear and
unquestioned.
But, sir, I am not to bo drawn into a cru-
sade against an officer of the Government for
other purposes than for the protection of the
citizen. This is not the first time that an
officer of the Government has been most un-
justly assailed;-and I am tired of hearing it
repeated. Sir, let us approach this question
dispassionately and calmly, without declara-
tions of denunciation against any individual.
If an officer of the Government has been
guilty of wrong-doing let him be tried calmly
and dispassionately, and the result reported,
and then let the consequences be visited upon
his head. But I protest against this prejudg-
ment of the case in advance. It is most
