350
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 11,
Ho. 01? Reps.
Appropriations for the Navy—Mr. Morgan.
4.1st Coxa....2d Sess.
Mr. Chairman, in 1860 the highest officer in
the American Navy was a cn.pta.in • to-day he
is an Admiral. In 1SU1 we had no admiials;
lo-day, in all, we have thirty. In 18151 we had
no commodores; to-day, in all, we have sev-
enty-eight. In 1801 the highest officer in the
Navy received a salary of $-1,500; to-day the
salary fixed by law for the highest officer in
the Navy, and t,he amount illegally taken from
the Treasury by means of the order to which
1 have referred, amount together to more than
yis.ooo. As I have said, in 18G0, the highest
grade in the Navy was that of captain, and now
we have a long list of admirals. In 18G0 our
Navy gave protection to the rights of our citi-
zens in every land throughout the world. To-day
the dignity ofour admirals brings them in con-
flict with our diplomatic representatives, and
in foreign lands our citizens have been put to
the torture when they should have received pro-
tection or secured redress through the Navy.
In fact, sir, our fleets arc top-heavy, and the
Navy itself is like a gallant vessel running be-
fore a high wind with every sail set, but without
a pound of ballast.
We have six fleets and thirty admirals! Six
fleets and seventy-eight commodores! And at
this moment there are in the capital ot^ the
Republic on some assigned duty ten admirals
and nine commodores. Our.six fleets are com-
posed of thirty-eight, vessels. For every vessel
we have more than two commodores, but only
three are at sea; and for all wo lmvo> thirty
admirals 1 1 speak of the total number, includ-
ing those on what is called the active list and
those oil what is called the retired list, which
has sprung up within a few years. I speak
with the authority of the Secretary of the Navy
in a report to the Senate of the United Slates,
when 1 speak of the number of admirals and
commodores who are oil assigned duty in the
city of Washington. Nor is it in the city of
Washington alone that naval otlicers are thus
grouped together. We tind them dotted down
in clusters along the coast and in the interior
of the land. At a place in Illinois, on the Ohio
river, called Mound City, they have nine naval
officers on what is called, I presume, shore
duty 1
Now, sir, you will observe that in this pro-
cess—so highly commended by the gentleman
from Maine, [Mr. Uai.k]—aristocratic titles
have lieen introduced into our Navy, and for
the first time in the history of our Government
we have the rank of admirals. And without
any spirit, of unkiiidness, without any wish to
do injustice to the Navy, let me ask, what did
this Navy do wilh thirty admirals and seventy-
eight commodores beyond our own shores
during the war? Our commerce was destroyed
and swept from the ocean, while we had a
Navy commanded by admirals and commo-
dores. As for the pluck of the Navy, we all
know and appreciate its courage; but that its
usefulness has diminished as the titles of its
officers have been increased is too true. 1
■stand here to-day as the Representative, not
of a party, but as one of the Representatives
of the people, and 1 call upon the members
of this House to act., not as members of a
party, but as the Representatives of their con-
stituents -
Sir. when this lawless taking from the Treas-
ury of $o,708,000 was first spoken of on
this floor, two gentlemen from Pennsylvania,
the chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, [Mr. Suoi'iem),] and the gentleman
from Philadelphia, [Mr. Kki.i.ey,] attempted
I o screen the action of the Secretary of the
Navy in taking money from the Treasury with-
out the knowledge of Congress or of the coun-
try. As soon as 1 understood the facts I con-
sulted with a number of gentlemen on this
floor, and among others wilh my friend from
Kentucky, [Mr. Tkimble,] who introduced a
resolution on the 17th of January, which called
forth a reply from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury showing the fact. I use the language of
the Comptroller of the Treasury:
" That the order of the Secretary was the only
■iiUboiily lor the payments beyond the rcspectivc
salaries allowed by law."
Sir, 1 doubt much if in the history of any
Government there was ever a more striking
illustration of usurpation than this. The gen-
tlemen from Pennsylvania said that itwas done
under the administration of Andrew Johnson.
I do not care under what Administration it was
done, it deserved impeachment. But, sir, if
it commenced under the administration of
Andrew Johnson, justice and truth compel me
to say that it has been continued down to the
present time, and I appeal to this honorable
body to correct this gross abuse.
Injustice to the Comptroller of the Treas-
ury, I wish to make one remark. Some gen-
tlemen have censured the Comptroller for allow-
ing this money to bo drawn from the Treasury.
The fact is that the money was drawn from the
Treasury before the matter even came within
the jurisdiction ofthe Comptroller. The money
was paid before the accounts were audited.
But why were they audited? The Comptroller
shall answer for himself, lie says :
" Thatpayments have been credited to the ds-'btm: -
inK officers under a decision of the Supremo Court,
(ThoUuitodStatosi's. Jones, 18 Howard, i):i,)in which
it is held^ anions othor things, that the accounting
officers ot the Treasury have not the burden or io-
sponsibitily cast upon them of revising the jud&-
inents, correctinp; the supposed mistakes, or annul-
ling tho orders of tile hoadrf ot tho Dopnrtments."
I call tho attention of members to the facts
developed in this letter; and if no one else will
do so, 1 will offer an amendment vesting in the
accounting officers ofthe Government the abso-
lute and exclusive authority of passing upon
accounts. Why, sir, it has lately been charged
in one of your most influential journals that in
preparing for an excursion of the Tallapoosa
a sum of between five and six hundred thou-
sand dollars was expended in wines and cigars,
charged in the accounts as for groceries, and
paid for out of the public Treasury. And other
accounts of an equally doubtful character have
been paid in the same manner.
Sir, I have no hostility to the American
Navy; I desire only to correct the abuses con-
nected with its administration. In my early
boyhood my heart was fired by reading of the
immortal deeds of our naval heroes. I read
of the exploits of Stewart, Preble, the elder
Porter, of the brilliant and dashing Decatur,
of Ihe great-sonled Lawrence, and his dying
shout, "Don't give up the ship.'' Nor must
1 forget Ihe names of Rodgers and of Mae-
donough and Perry of the Lakes. But when
I came to examine the corruption and abuses
which have grown up, 1 shrank back with
astonishment, and became satisfied that they
could only be corrected by the application of
the caustic and the knife, and if they aro not
corrected by Congress the overburdened tax-
payers of the country will take the matter in
hand themselves.
According lo the estimate contained in the
speech of the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
WASiniritN] 1 find that the Secretary of the
Navy asks appropriations for twenty-four hun-
dred and fifty officers; and, according to his
estimates, there are twelve thousand men in
the Navy, so that if the estimates be true there
is one officer for every five men ; and not only
| that, let me call attention to the fact that the
Committee on Appropriations have made ap-
propriations for only eighty-five hundred men
instead of for twelve thousand. Therefore if
the estimate given to tho Committee on Appro-
priations is true—and 1 believe they were given
to the brother of tho gentleman from Wiscon-
sin when he was at the head of the Committee
on Appropriations—then for the year 18711,
upon our present basis, we will have one offi-
cer in the Navy for about every three seamen.
But the estimate of the Navy Department is
not true. I desire to use no discourteous lan-
guage, but that estimate is not true ; and I
stand here to-day to make good my charge.
Of these twenty-four hundred and fifty officers
the Navy Register shows that there are at sea
six huudred and tlnrty-two, or about one fourth
of the whole number. There are engaged on
special service one hundred and'twenty-one
officers. Tfiere are therefore only seven hun-
dred and fifty-three officers in service connected
with the sea ; and yet the Secretary of tho Navy
asks .appropriations for twenty-four hundred
and fifty officers. It is due that in this connec-
tion 1 should say that there were two vessels
fitting out for sea, the Colorado and the Con-
gress. But when the Colorado and Congress
went to sea the two flag-ships they were sent
to relieve were brought home. I desire to call
the special attention of the gentleman from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Washburx,] who reported
this bill, to what I have to say. I hope he has
in his possession a Naval Register for the year
1870. If not, then if he will send a page to me
1 will send a copy of it to him. [The Naval
Register for 1870 was sent to Mr. Wash-
burn.]
In the tabular statement presented by him,
and upon which the Committee on Appropri-
ations made their estimates, I find that esti-
mates are made for the pay of naval lieutenants
lotlxe number ofouo hundred and eighty. Now,
1 ask membeis to hear, and I want gentle-
men who are to take the responsibility of voting
upon this appropriation bill to know what they
are doing. And if the Representatives on this
floor fail in their duty, then an appeal will be
taken lo a higher tribunal, the high tribunal
of the American people.
Now, sir, if the gentleman who reported this .
bill will turn to page 2fi of the Naval Register
he will find that instead of there being one
hundred and eighty naval lieutenants on active
duty there aro only sixty-four, while pay is
asked for one luiudred and eighty. Estimate
is made for masters to the number of one hun-
dred and sixty, but page 30 shows there are
only ninety-nine. Thus we have an over-esti-
mate in the first case of one hundred and six-
teen, and in the second instance of sixty-one.
Estimate is made for the pay of midshipmen to
the number of four hundred and fifty, while
pages 40 and 80 show that in fact there are
only seventy-four midshipmen and two hundred
and fifty-one undergraduates, in all three hun-
dred and twenty-five, making an excess of one
hundied and twenty-five. Estimate is made
for the pay of passed assistant surgeons to the
number of sixty, while there are only thirty-
three, there being an excess in the estimate of
twenty-seven. Estimate is made for the pay
of sixty assistant surgeons. The Naval Regis-
ter, page 48, shows that there are only thirty-
five, an excess in the estimate of twenty-five.
Estimate is made for the pay of chief engineers
to the number of one hundred and fifty, while
the Naval Register shows on page -50 that there
are only one hundred and forty-eight. Estimate
is made for first assistant engineers to the num-
ber of one hundred and twenty-five, while the
Naval Register shows that there are only eighty -
one. Estimate is made for the pay of second
assistant engineers to the number of one hun-
dred and twenty-five; yet in fact there are only
one hundred aud twenty-two. Estimate is
made for the pay of boatswains to the number
of iifty-two; tho Naval Register shows that
there are only forty-six.
Having gone over the active, let us turn to the
retired list. Estimateis madefor the pay of rear
admirals retired to the number of twenty, while
the Register shows only eighteen. Estimate
is made for commodores retired to tho number
of fifty-nine, while the Naval Register shows
only fifty-three. Estimate is made for retired
captains to the number of thirty-two, while the
