2808
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
the mass of the Celtic population, however it might
hate, never dreamed of despising; the United States
rule tho South through a majority of negroes, con-
tempt for whom was almosta religion with tho planter
before tho attompt at secession.
"We are not considering whether tho punishment
was deserved, or whether the northern States could
possibly help inflicting it; we merely say that, after
tho capacity of the negro for improvement has been
rated as highly as possiblo, and after all possible de-
ductions have been made irom tho credibility of the
stories published by the Domocratio press, the fact
remains that government of white men by colored
ox-slaves is tho acutest form of moral torture which
has ever been applied to a community. How unfor-
tunate it has been that the punishment of tho South
has taken this shapo tho United States are not like-
ly to leol until the time comes (and it will certainly
come) when tho people of the North will bo animated
with tho strongest wish to be reconciled to even tho
most obstinate zealots of secession. Wo should be
sorry to lay down that the United States would havo
done well to slied blood like water in tho lirst mo-
ments of triumph if only they could have devised
some loss degrading contrivanco lor tho provisional
government of tho South. Yet it is Quito certain
that bloodshed is easily forgotten; personal outrage
with tho greatest difficulty.
" Tho Hungarian nobles appear to have forgiven
the BmpqrorJ?rancis Joseph lor his wholesale execu-
tions of their brethren; but nobody can fail to see
that tho 'irreconcilability' of some of tho most em-
inent of French politicians is greatly duo to recol-
lections of the personal dishonor to which thoy were
subjected on tho memorablo morning of tho couj'
d'&tat. At tho present moment wo aro all well awaro
that nothing seems less important to th o great myj or-
ity of the northern peoplo than that tho experiment
which tliey aro trying in tho South causes cxcossivo
discomfort to a parcel of rebels ; but they will prob-
ably hercattcr view this experiment with other eyes
when Ibero comes the inevitable waking to sympathy
and pity, and when much about thesamo time it ap-
pears that tho negroes who are tho instruments of
punishment have become not only a southern hut a
northern power, weighing heavily in thescalo when-
ever a national decision has to bo taken."
Mr. President, as evidence of the truth of a
sentiment contained in this article, 1 read an
extract from a letter which I received from an
intelligent gentleman of the South, dated Feb-
ruary 5, 1870:
"I am a proscribed man, an alien in my own
native land; thereloro good taste suggests that I be
silent on political questions. My house servant has
the right to express his opinions and the privilege
of holding any, office in the Stato; not so with mo,
and simply bccanso the people of my Stato havo
trusted me to exercise some authority in days past.
I hopo reason will some day return ; if not, those
who liavo mado a slavoof mo will find out, when too
late, that tho same wild and mad spirit will malco
slaves of them also."
When we look at the nature and objects of
the late civil strife the conclusion is irresist-
ible, that the policy of the Government has
been severe and excruciating toward the South,
who are bone of our bone and flesh of our
flesh. It was emphatically'a war of opinions;
coeval with' the existence of the Constitution
views of an opposite character sprung up in
reference to the nature and construction of that
instrument, and the relative powers of the
States and General Government; the opinion
inculcated in tho southern portion was that the
Constitution contained limitations of power in
the Federal Government, and tho right of se-
cession from the compact whenever the people
of any State might determine that its interests
demanded a disruption of the Federal ties. The
opinion in the North invested the Government
with stronger national powers and with a unity
and integrity that could not' be broken but by
common consent. Although there were excep-
tions on each side of the line to some extent,
yet the general opinion of the people of each
was such as I have described.
The object of the southern confederacy was
not, as its founders alleged, in the ordinary
sense to destroy the Government or to usurp
its powers by rebellion and a change of rulers,
or to erect a different Government on the ruins
of the old, but to separate the southern States
from the Union and setup a new Government,
leaving the Federal Government supreme and
undisturbed in the North and West; that a
Government might be constructed in the South
suited and adapted, as they claimed, to their
climate,productions, domestic institutions, and
political teachings and antecedents, while over
the North and West might prevail the original
Constitution and form'of government. It'the
South had triumphed in the struggle, it was
believed by many that they would have left the
latter in the full enjoyment of its constitutional
powers and by treaty stipulations have agreed
to assist against foreign and hostile invasion ;
that a common origin, history, associations,
and love of liberty would have mside them one
in war, while they were two in peace.
Such I believe was the design and purpose
entertained by many, if not most of the people
of the South, while others believed, both in
the North and South, that a peaceable separa-
tion of the sections and the formation of two
Governments would, in view of some of the
considerations mentioned, have at no distant
dayresulted in areunion upon terms that would
have strengthened and consolidated the founda-
tions of the Republic. They claimed that it
was a war of the sovereign States of the South
against the sovereign States of the North and
West; not for conquestor subjugation, but for
a separate nationality.
The North resisted all attempts to dissolve
the Union, and fought and won upon the basis
that the Government was indissoluble, that the
States of the South could not be separated
from it, but must remain coequal with the
other States, and be preserved with all the
rights, dignity, and equality of States of the
Union.
With this brief history of the conflict, does
it not, in view of all the conditions, indig-
nities, and humiliations that have been placed
upon the southern people since its termination,
justify the opinion of tho English press as to
the character of those inflictions? And are
they not revolting to the humane and benev-
olent feelings of the patriot who loves every
portion of his country, the Constitution, and
the Union?
My own opinion is, that if tho Federal Gov-
ernment, or those who wielded its power si'nee
tho termination of the war, had acted magnani-
mously toward the South and hastened and
favored restoration, that you would have at-
tached to you the people of that section by
strong and indissoluble ties. Severity, harsh-
ness, and want of confidence never won a gal-
lant and spirited people; human nature is the
same there as here, and while the conqueror
may trample upon the persons and rights and
feelings of a subdued people, it will not secure
their respect and affection ; a generous, liberal
policy and a reliance upon the integrity and
honor of the vanquished will secure their attach-
ment and fealty when the opposite is repulsive
to noble and manly hearts. If a serious diffi-
culty had grown up between this country and
Great Britain, growing out of tho Alabama
depredations, or between this Government and
Mexico, a liberal course toward and confidence
in tho southern people would have prompted
them to rallyaround your flag and to march to
battle and to conquest under its folds.
It was said by Lord Bacon that in charity
there is no excess, and that neither angel nor
man can come in danger by it. Louis Napo-
leon, in his Life of Julius Cassar, said that—
" Rome triumphed because alone, in prospect of a
future, she made war not to destroy but to conserve,
and after the material conquest always set herself to
accomplish tho moral conquest of tho vanquished."
How different has been our course. Tho
extract which I have read describes it as "tho
acutost form of moral torture which has ever
been applied to a community;" but, as the
paper intimates, reaction will come, and the
harsh and vigorous treatment of the South,
and I add of the loyal border States, will be
deplored, and the party, like the eagle, will be
shot with an arrow feathered from its own
wing.
Mr. President, the precedent we are called
to set in the case before us and the one recently
made are of a solemn and serious character;
they are not merely and ordinarily to add two
Senators to the number now composing this
body; but their admission opens a new epoch
in our history, a new commentary upon the
flexible character of our institutions, and in-
serts a dark leaf in the history of our country.
We by this act ignore the wisdom and patriot-
ism of the fathers of the Republic, change the
character of their work, and, in myjudgment,
give a downward and I fear fatal impulse to
the honor and welfare of the country. Inno-
vation, change, and inroads upon the Consti-
tution, the administration, and policy of the
Government have marked its history for the
last eight years, until its present culmination
is before us. The Constitution as made and
construed and delivered by our fathers is not
now regarded as when it came from their
hands; their teachings, lessons, and practical
administration have lost their power; novel
and modern lights outshine and obscure the
past. The country is now launched upon a new
and untried ocean of experiments and dangers,
without the wisdom and patriotism to guide us
which the statesmen of former times possessed.
Then education, intelligence, and_ virtue
were deemed essential to the preservation and
stability of our institutions. Now you sud-
denly introduce the opposite incongruous ele-
ments to sustain and continue party ascendency.
You destroy the equilibrium of the system by
imposing conditions which vitally affect and
impair the equality of States; the framework
of the Constitution is disjointed and its nature
and properties essentially impaired; the con-
gruity and harmony of the system are changed
and public confidence in its stability and work-
ing efficacy has departed. We are fast tending
to consolidation, centralism, despotism ; for no
Governmentcan be permanent, no tranquillity
and peace be enduring, which intrenches upon
the reserved rights of the States; which assumes
power over them in defiance of the plain pre-
cepts of the Constitution by virtue of general-
ities that can be construed to mean anything
and everything.
By forcing against nature and the wisdom of
Providence a political equality of races, which
will inevitably lead to attempts to produce
social equality, you hasten a war and hostili-
ties that must result in ferocities and horrors
from which we now recoil and our imagina-
tions sicken to foreshadow. You set forces
to work, and a law that no government can
restrain or control; it is a law of nature, of
awful and terriiic power. You may sow the
wind and reap the fearful and destructive
ravages of the whirlwind of human passions.
What are the emoluments of place, the patron-
age of office, the control of administrations
of government compared to its destruction
and the calamitous consequences that follow in
its train ?
This is no morbid apprehension. They may
be nearer than the results we are now realizing
are from the year 1860. The change is more
natural and consequential from the present
condition than the forced and unnatural changes
since that period which are unhappily upon us.
The voice of prudence, of wisdom, and of
patriotism come to us as oracles from the bosom
of the future to warn us to stop in our mad
career and come back to the doctrines of the
fathers .and the landmarks of the Constitution.
Will the majority listen to and heed them, or
will they rush to the whirlpool which w-ill in-
gulf their country in conflict and ruin ? Will not
the teachings of Madison, the lessons of Ham-
ilton, of the Father of his Country, and his
great and illustrious compatriots who framed
the Constitution and Government lead you to
renounce the ignis fatuus of party and equal-
ity of races, and avert the catastrophe which
is impending upon our country?
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President. I have not
only listened to this debate, but I have read it
as it has appeared in the columns of that some-
times too faithful chronicle of our sayings and
doings which each day reminds'some one, as it
may perhaps remind me, that "speech is silver
but silence is gold," And I hare heard in the
