1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5141
"Answer. They were Democrats.
" QuesHon. Did you understand the information to
bo given to you in frendship ?
"Ansioer. Yes, sir; so I understood it.
"Question. How long did you stay there?
" Answer, I stayed there perhaps eleven days.
"Question. Did you reestablish your paper?
"Answer. I did not. I bccame convinced that it
would not be worth while to attempt it. as I would
not be allowed to proceed with it.
"^Question. What is the size of that town?
"Answer. I think it contains perhapsthreo or four
thousand inhabitants.
" Question. Are the majority white or black?
"Answer. White.
" Question. Did you satisfy yourself fully, by in-
quiry or conversations, as to whether you could
safely remain and carry on your business when you
went back there?
"Answer, I took every means in my power to ob-
tain information. A number of persons called upon
me and assured me that I would not be allowed to
remain there, and there seemed to bo a feeling of
terror among the Union portion of the community,
and among the colored people, about my coming.
They were even afraid to visit me at the camp. I
have no hesitation in saying that the result in St.
Landry was caused by the riot."
In the parish of St. Mary's a singular state
of tilings existed. There the parish officers
were Kepublicans, who kept the peace. But a
man edited a Democratic newspaper who had
a special enmity against what lie calls car-
pet-baggers. He himself came some twenty
years ago from the State of Maine as a clock
merchant. He afterward taught school. He
then owned a Texas grazing farm, and finally
he became a Democratic editor; and, perhaps
wishing to prove his fealty to the South, went
further than anybody else. To show the spirit
of this man I send to the desk to be read an
extract from his newspaper.
The Clerk read as follows:
Extract from the Planters' Banner, of August 15, 1868.
"Thad. Stevens is Dead.—The prayers of the
righteous have at last removed the congressional
curse 1 May old Bbowklow, Butler, and all such
political monsters, soon follow the example of their
illustiious predecessor! May his new iion-works
wean him from earth, and the fires of his new furnace
never go out I The devil will get on a big ' bender'
now. WithThad.Stevensinhiscabinetand Butler
in Washington, ho can manage things in both king-
doms to his liking. Lucky devil I"
Mr. STEVENSON". That is only one illus-
tration of this man's spirit. In October a viru-
lent article appeared in his paper attacking
Colonel Pope, the sheriff of the parish, as fol-
lows :
Extract from the Planters' Banner, of October 17,1868.
"The recent disasters of the Radicals in St. Lan-
dry, and the dwindling of Loyal League clubs in the
parish, have had a terrible effect on that little rat,
rope. He looks on the streets as though he had been
ebawed up by a terrier. He has a complication of
diseases; his liver does not act; ho has the colic,
the toothache, and the yellow jaundice, and does not
feel very well himself. if he dies, the shell of an
English walnut would make a good sarcophagus in
which to convey bis precious remains to his northern
friends; or, if he is to be buried on southern soil, as
he has no * forty acres' of his own in which to be
buried, he should be put in a pair of oyster shells,
and be buried at low-water mark, where the tide
ebbs and flows twice in twenty-four hours."
The next day the judge and the sheriff were
both assassinated by a band of armed disguised
men, who appeared at the time to be Kuklux,
but who, this same editor said since, were not
Kuklux, and who, the evidence very strongly
tends to show, were simply Seymour Knights—
the ordinary parish Democracy. They killed
these officers in cold blood, shot them to death
with volleys of shot, and left them lying where
they fell. This deed destroyed the only defense
of the people in that parish.
From the Planters' Banner, October 31,1868.
" Parish Patrol— Since the shocking event of the
night of the 17th all parts of our parish have been
diligently patrolled by armed police every night.
We have reports that the colored people, with but
here and there an exception, me beltling down
Quietly to business and iabor, and are becoming
thoroughly disgusted with the men who have been
humbugging them with lying promises and deceitful
words.
4* Most of the negroes now show a disposition to
vote the Democratic ticket and live on friendly terms
v. iflu he whi tc people ot the parish. The white peo-
ple arc not disposed to harm the negroes; and the
eoloi ed population will soo n learn that the good will
ot one southern planter is of more importance than
tho empty pi ofessions of all the Radical ofiico-seek-
eis in tho State."
From the Planters' Banner, November 14.18u3.
"Another Wolf.—After we had written our peace
articles this week, congratulating the people of St.
Mary on the prospects of peace and quiet in all our
borders, another wolf made his appearance in our
fold. A Mr. Mentz, of Indiana, appointed the suc-
cessor of Colonel Pope, as sheriff of the parish, insists
on acting as sheriff in spite of the protests of the peo-
ple, so it looks as if there is more trouble ahead. If
Mr. Mentz thrusts himself upon a people who have
given him proofs that neither the white people nor
the negroes want him here, we shall, through the
columns of the Banner, expose his miserable, rickety
character."
11 KB. Mentz:
"Question. Where do you reside?
"Answer. In the parish of St. Mary, town of
Franklin.
"Question. What position do you occupy there?
"Answer. I am the sheriff of tho parish, being the
successor of Colonel Pope, who was assassinated on
the 17th of October, 1868.
"Question. Have you ever been in the United States
Army ?
"Aniwer. Yes, sir; I served during the war in tho
United States Army, from the rank of corporal to
that of major.
"Question. What State arc you a native of?
"JtaaMw. Indiana.
"Question. How long have you resided in this
State?
"Answer. Since September, 1863.
"Question. Have you held any other position in
this State besides that of sheriff?
"Answer. Yes, sir; I held a position in the United
States custom-house in this city, until I was dis-
charged by Perry Fuller on account of political
differences.
"Question. What condition did you find things in
in the parish of St. Maiy when you went there to
assume the duties of your office?
"Answer. When I went to the parish to assume
tho duties of my office, on tho 28th day of October
last, I found tho leading men of the Democratic
party strongly opposed to any man holding or ex-
ercising any office except one of their own way of
thinking. I found tho prejudice very strong against
those they called 'new-comers' or 'Yankees;' they
stated to me they would not submit to my taking
the office of sheriff, or for any one else that was
appointed by a Republican Governor; this was tho
prevailing feeling and sentiment ot the Democratic
party of the parish. I was informed of themmders
and outrages that had been committed on the Re-
publican party before I went there, and I am fully
satislied that these reports are not at all exaggerated.
1 did not consider my own life safe m the parish,
because I was warned a number of times that my
life was in danger, and i received anonymous letters
to that effect. The day previous to the election I
considered my safety required that T should leave,
as I had been notified by parties that my life would
be taken if Iremamcd there on the day of election.
"Question. Was there any power or disposition
on the part of the civil authorities to protect tho
Republicans of that parish against these outrages?
" Answer. None whatever.
" Question. What condition did you find the Repub-
licans of that parish in when you went there?
" Answer. I found none when I went there, be-
cause they had fled.
"Question. Would it have been possible for the
Republicans of that parish to have held meetings
and advocated their cause in public without danger
of their being killed?
" Ansicer. It would have been utterly impossible;
there was a complete reign of terror there; there
were armed bands of Democrats patrolling theparish,
and continued to do so until after theelection. There
was hut one poll in the parish where-Republicans
could turn out and vote as they wished, unless they
would vote the Democratic ticket, and but a small
vote was given at that precinct.
" Question, llave you any knowledge of the rela-
tive strength of the two political parties of that
parish?
"Answer. Yes; if the Republican party had been
permitted to vole as they desired they would havo
been largely in the majority.
" Question. Who would tfieRepublicans have voted
for had they been permitted in that parish?
"Answer. For the regular nominee, Hon. C. B.
Darrall.
"Question. What class of people constitute tho
mass of Republican voters in that parish ?
" Answer. Thefrecdmen.
"Question. Were they alarmed and terrified at
these acts of outrage?
"Answer, They were; and were afraid to make
known their sentiments; this I know, as I havo
taken pains since being there to find out these things,
and my statements are not at all exaggerated m re-
gard to the condition of things there; and 1 also
know there were a number of Republicans compelled
to leave the parish, in order to save their lives, who
have as yet been afraid to leturn.5'
"b. W. Roberts:
41 Question. Where do you reside?
•' Atisicer. In Brashear City, St. Mary's parish, at
the present time; I have lived in the parish since
last August, (1863.)
" Question. Where did you live when you first went
there?
" .Artificer. In tho town of franklin.
" Question. What business did you follow there?
"Answer. I was editor of the Atakapas Register,
a Republican paper.
"Question. What became of vour pap'.'r?
Answer. I published six numbers, and then my
otiice was destroyed by an armed mob; my press was
destroyed, and thetypewasscat(;eredinthestreets.,'
"J. Van Slyke:
Juestion, Where do you reside?
nswer. In tho parish of St. Mary's, and have
resided there since I860.
"Question. Were you there at tho election in 1S68
for President, and Vice President of the United stales
and for members of Congress?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
"Question. What political party did you belong to ?
"Answer. I was amember of the Republican party.
" Question, Did you vote at the last election ?
"Answer. Yes, sir, I did; and! was asuporvUor of
the board of registration 111 that pariah.
" Question. A re you wellacquamted with the voters
of that parish?
"Answer. Yes, sir; and the colored men of the
parish are all Republicans and voted the Republican
ticket at the election on the 17th and 18th days of
April last when the Republican voters exceeded the
Democratic by some eleven or twelve hundred votes.
"Question. Do you know of any acts of violence
used in that parish to prevent the Republicans from
voting at the last election ?
"Answer. Yes, sir; I know that all the leaders of
the Republican party were threatened by tho Dem-
ocrats.
"Question, Do you know if any of the leaders of
the Republican party were killed by the Democratic
party during the past fall?
* "Answer. I know that Colonel Pope, the sheriff,
and Judge Chase, tho parish judge, both leaders of
the Republican party, were killed.
"Question. Do you know if any Republican news-
papei office was destroyed in that parish?
"Answer. I know that the Atakapas Register, a
Republican paper published in that parish, was
destroyed.
"Question. Do you know if any of the prominent
Republicans were forced to fly from the parish in
order to save their lives?
"Answer. Yes; I know of a number of the leading
prominent Republicans who were forced to leave to
save their lives.
"Question. Were these murders and outrages com-
mitted previous to tho election?
"Answer. Yes, sir; sometime about the middle of
October preceding the election.
"Question. What effectdid theseoutrages and mur-
ders have upon the great moss of the Republican
voters of that parish?
"Answer. It had a very great effect. It so alarmed
them that large numbers were afraid to go near the
polls at all. and those that did were afraid to vote as
they desired.
" Question. Do you know of any instance of Repub-
licans being compelled to vote theDemocratic tieket
for fear of force and violence ?
"Answer. I know ot a number at Berwick's Bay, in
that parish, who werccompelled throughlear to vote
the Democratic ticket, who would have voted the
Republican ticket had they been allowed to vote
freely.
" Question. Do you know of any armed Democrats
who patrolled the parish in order to intimidate the
Republican voters?
"Answer. Yes; an armed organization called the
'Seymour Knights' patrolled the parish previous
to the election for the purpose of intimidating the
Republican voters, and to prevent them from attend-
ing the polls. If the people of that parish had been
allowed to vote freely, and as they desired, the Re-
publican party would have carried the parish by
bome six or eight hundred majority.
"Question. Who would the Republican party have
voted for at the congressional electionlast November
if they had been permitted to exercise their own free
will?
"Answer. For lion. C. B. Darrall, the regular
Republican nominee.
" Question. After these murdor3 and outrages, was
the Republican party permitted to assemble or organ-
ize at all ?
"Answer. No,sir; they were so intimidated they
were afraid to meet.
" Question. Did the Republicans have any protec-
tion at all m that parish, either from the civil or
military authorities, whilo these outrages were being
perpetrated?
" Answer. None at all.
" Question. Do you know of any instance where any
of the par ties charged with committing these murders
and outrages were arrested and brought to trial ?
"Anncer. No, sir; there was no attempt made to
arrest them."
In all these disturbed parishes there were
nightly patrols of Democrats, Knights of the
White Camelia, who in this district were undis-
guised Democrats, and the only Democratic or-
ganization, at leabt in tho parish of St. Landry.
They patrolled the country at night; they per-
mitted no man to move, or to electioneer, or
to have anything- to do with what they called
the Radical party. The Governor appointed
a sheriff to take the place of the one who had
been killed. On the day before the election,
having been warned by Kuklux, he and the
United States marshal, the members of the
State Legislature, and all prominent Repub-
licans, were obliged to leave the parish. In
all these disputed parishes tiie same infiu-
