1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1365
them! The Senator from Vermont has made
the astute discovery that the decision by the
Supreme Court of the United States involving
the right to impose fundamental conditions
upon a State when she is admitted into the
Union is affected by the Dred Scott decision
on another subject.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Dred Scott decision
was referred to by the Senator to make that
line of decisions complete.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, if that is
the kind of argument by which the Senate of
the United States is to come to decisions in
the discharge of the high duty of determining
whether States are to be represented in the
Congress of the United States, I think it use-
less to argue upon fundamental principles,
upon the Constitution, or the decisions of
courts.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Did I not state it truly?
Mr. MORTON. I desire to ask the Senator
from Illinois a question in all fairness and
candor. It is, if the question of the power of
Congress under the Constitution of the United
States, for the purpose and in the point of view
in which it is claimed in this case, was even
broached or referred to in that argument? It
was not involved or concerned ; but the ques-
tion there arose in regard to the inhibition upon
the Congress of the united States to establish
any form of religion or to interfere with the
freedom of worship. The question I ask is
whether the power of Congress to legislate to
protect a republican government in that State
or to guaranty a republican government, or what
might be done for that purpose, was even
referred to in the argument of counsel or in the
opiuion of the court?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why, Mr. President, if
the provision to guaranty a republican form of
government has anything to do with the estab-
lishment of schools in a State I should judge it
had something to do with the establishment of
religion in a State; and I submit to the Senator
from Indiana that I do not think the clause he
refers to has anything to do with either, and I
do not suppose that any lawyer or any judge
of the Supreme Court of the United States ever
supposed it had. I should have thought it
strange until the other day, when it was done
in the Senate of the United States, for anybody
to have quoted the clause of the Constitution
guarantying a republican form of government
as having anything on earth to do with the
establishment of schools in a State. I do not
think it has anything more to do with it than
has the provision of the Constitution which
provides how the President is to be elected.
In my opinion it would be very strange if the
Supreme Court of the United States had ever
looked at a provision of the Constitution that
had no bearing whatever on the case, as is
shown by Story and all the other writers who
speak of this guarantee clause, as only admit-
ting an interference to maintain a government
which previously existed of a republican form,
and never was thought of as giving Congress
power to enter a State to interfere with its
school system.
Mr. MORTON. Was the question even
referred to in that ease? I ask the ques-
tion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know that it
was. I have not read the arguments. It is
not referred to in the opinion of the court, and
I should not think it would have been in the
argument.
Now, Mr. President, I submit that there is
no power in the Constitution of the United
States to impose these conditions. In my judg-
ment they are utterly void. I see no authority*
to impose them. Others think they do. I
would not set up my opinion against every-
body else ; but 1 refer to the decisions of the
Supreme Court of the United States and to the
elementary writers to sustain the view which I
have taken. Now I am asked if I would vote
for a palpable violation of the Constitution.
Undoubtedly not, Mr. President; and if this
were a practical question, if I supposed there
was any efficacy whatever in these conditions,
that they were to have a practical operation, I
would not vote for a bill that had them at-
tached to it. But regarding the conditions as
practically nugatory, out of deference to the
opinion of the Senate, and knowing my own
fallibility, and feeling the importance of admit-
ting Mississippi to representation, I shall feel
at liberty to vote for the bill even with the con-
ditions upon it, when placed there against my
vote. I did so in the case of Virginia.
But the Senator from Vermont repudiates
this idea of deriving authority to impose these
conditions from the clause of the Constitution
that authorizes Congress to guaranty a repub-
lican form of government.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I said I did not see the
force of it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I adopt that language.
The Senator does not see the force of it. I
suppose that amounts to pretty much the same
thing as repudiating it; and he places it on the
ground of a contract. Well, sir, it takes two
parties to make a contract. The State of Mis-
sissippi has complied with all the provisions
of your law ; she has sent her representatives
here, and she asks now to be admitted to rep-
resentation, and you say, "Well, we will admit
your representatives, but it is on the funda-
mental condition that you shall never cliange
your constitution in certain respects." Do you
require her to assent to it? Not at all. Does
she know anything about it? By no means.
Her Legislature is not in session; her repre-
sentatives sent here have no authority to bind
her. There would be no contract. I deny
that it is competent in any event to make a
contract between the United States and a State
which shall make the States of this Union in-
ferior one to another. I made that argument
on the Virginia case, and it would be only a
repetition to go over it again.
Mr. DRAKE. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question there?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
Mr. DRAKE. If an estate is conveyed by
one man to another upon condition, and the
other enters upon the enjoyment of that estate,
I would inquire of the Senator whether that is
not an acceptance of the condition and a con-
tract to abide by it?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose it would be;
but does the Senator mean to liken the action
of this great Government in recognizing States
to the conveyance of an estate upon condi-
tion where there is a party competent to ac-
cept? I will say that I do not suppose, in the
case he puts, the grantee would be bound,
if, without his knowledge that the deed was on
condition, some agent of his, without authority
from him, took possession.
Mr. DRAKE. Then, I inquire of the hon-
orable Senator, if we admit the State of Mis-
sissippi into this Union of Government upon
conditions, and she enters into the Union of
Government upon those conditions, whether
that is not an acceptance by her of the parti-
cipation in the Government upon those condi-
tions, just as much as the acceptance of the
conveyance of an estate upon condition would
be in the case supposed?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not at all. I have two
answers to make to the Senator from Missouri.
In the first place, if the estate were conveyed
upon a condition that was void, it would not
amount to anything; and that is the condition
here. That is one answer. The next answer
is, that the condition would have to be ac-
cepted by the party, and that an agent of his
without authority could not accept it. Here
the parties would have to be the United States
and the State of Mississippi; and a State can
only bind itself through its State organization.
Its delegates here are vested with no authority
to bind it to anything. Sir, does the Senator
from Missouri assume, representing as he does
the great State of Missouri, and clothed as he
is with the confidence of that people, that even
he is competent to make a contract here that
would bind the State of Missouri ?
Mr. DRAKE. No.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I presume not.
Mr. DRAKE. If the honorable Senator wiil
allow me, I should like to say a word there.
We are dealing with the State of Mississippi,
organized in its own Legislature, and t he prop-
osition is to receive the State into this Union
again. It acts by its own Legislature as well
as by its people, and in these transactions the
Legislature is entitled to represent the State ;
andif through that Legislature the State comes
back here under these conditions, it is a recog-
nition by the State of the binding force of the
conditions.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I will
reply to the Senator in a moment, but I ought
to say now that I think I shall have to object
to interruptions hereafter, because they are
prolonging this matter beyond what I intended.
I should have been through long ago but for
the interruptions. I will reply to the Sena-
tor from Missouri as I have already done. I
have answered his question that the condition
amounts to nothing, because it is a void, a
condition not authorized.
Mr. DRAKE. That is the opinion of the
Senator.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is one answer.
The other answer is, that the State of Missis-
sippi does not accept. States can only act
through their State governments on a con-
tract that they are competent to make, and
representatives here have no authority to
bffil her in this respect; and then I might
turn and ask a question of the Senator from
Missouri, but I do not wish to prolong the
debate by this conversational discussion. I
might inquire how this notion of compact
comports with his idea of the omnipotence of
Congress, or the power contended for by the
Senator from Indiana and others, that under
the guarantee clause of the Constitution you
have aright to put these conditions upon a State.
Are you going to contract with yourselves? Is
that what the Senator means? I should like
to know how these positions are to be rec-
onciled. The Congress of the United States
seems to be making a contract with itself,
according to the theory of those who insist that
Congress has authority to impose these condi-
tions by virtue of the guarantee clause in the
Constitution ; and yet others insist that it re-
quires the assent of Mississippi, and that Mis-
sissippi gives her assent through her represent-
atives here, or by coming into the Union in
pursuance of this law.
Suppose we repeal the law next year impos-
ing these conditione, what becomes of them ?
Suppose that the proposition of the Senator
from West Virginia prevails, as I hope it will,
to repeal the conditions which were put upon
Virginia, what will become of those condi-
tions? He has offered an amendment to tho
report of the committee, which is to repeal all
the conditions imposed upon Virginia and that
are sought to be imposed upon Mississippi,
except the proviso that requires the members
of the Legislature to take a certain oath. That
is a provision which it is doubtless competent
for Congress to pass. No one ever denied the
constitutional power of Congress to require
that the members of the Legislature of Vir-
ginia in their organization, while yet under con-
gressional control, should take a certain oath ;
and the same thing may be required^ of the
members of the Legislature of _ Mississippi.
Now, the Senator from West Virginia has pro-
posed to strike out all these other conditions,
which are void and unmeaning, as I think; and
if that prevails what becomes of these condi-
tions ? Would anybody contend then that they
had any validity? Is it not entirely compe-
tent for Congress to repeal them without the
consent of Virginia? Does not that fact
demonstrate that there is nothing like a bar-
