1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
58
from that gentleman or anybody else, would be
better than to strike out this provision from the
bill. I shall n ow yield two or three minutes
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, and then
I shall rise to move the close of the debate.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Ohairman 
The CHAIRMAN. Did the gentleman yield
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania on his
left, [Mr. Scofield,] or the gentleman from
Pennsylvania on his right, [Mr. ICelley?]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will yield to
the gentleman on my right [Mr. Kelley] for
an inquiry, as I understand, and afterward to
the gentleman on my left, [Mr. Scofield.]
Mr. KELLEY. I rise only for a moment,
to say that if several districts be confided to
one person, and there may be a mistake made,
or his health fail, or anything occur to prevent
a faithful performance of his duty, tlio mistake
or the failure will cover the results for a whole
city. But if each district has the best man
that the Government can get to do the work,
and there be a failure in any one, the rest may
be faithfully and honestly cared for. I still
think that in every aspect of the case it is
important that in those cities each district
shall have its own census superintendent.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I wish to say a few words
about'the amendment I have offered. The
debate has floated away from that altogether.
I will not discuss the ideas just presented by
my colleague, [Mr. Kelley.] f dare say they
are very likely to be correct. Nor do 1 wish
to discuss the question of the comparative
expense of taking this census and any former
ones. The main difference between this bill
and the old law under which two censuses
have been taken and under which, I may say,
all the censuses of the United States have
been taken, for it was in part a transcript of a
former law—the main difference is a change
of the persons who are to appoint tho enumer-
ators, receive, in the first instance, their re-
turns and transmit them to Washington. It
is to that point that my amendment, applies.
1 allege that that change is going to cost tho
Government five times as much as tho same
labor cost the Government in 1850 or in 18G0.
The report to which the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] has referred is not tho
amount paid to the marshals, but tho amount
that passed through their hands to pay tho
enumerators. The amount which went, to pay
the marshals themselves for taking the census
of I860 was only $40,000, and that for taking
the census of 1850 was but $34,000. That is
what was paid for the performance of tho same
duties which these district superintendents are
to discharge.
The question is not whether these superin-
tendents will for a few days need a clerk : it
is whether there shall be an allowance for clerk
hire at the rate of eight dollars a day, when
those clerks will have no duties to perform until
about the 1st of May, and then their labors will
not be very severe until along in J uno, when the
enumerators begin to send in their accounts.
The gentleman from Ohio, whose ideas are
almost as magnificent as those of my colleague
from Philadelphia, [Mr. Kelley,] thinks ^the
superintendents should have two clerks. The
gentleman from New York [Mr. Davis] thinks
one is enough. I was willing to let it go at that;
butgentlemen come in and wanttwo, and I sup-
pose when the bill gets to the Senate they will
want three or four. And gentlemen talk about
economy, and that was the issue during the cam-
paign in Pennsylvania on which we carried the
State. But if there has been economy; a large
part of the credit is due to the Committee on
Appropriations of this House, at the head of
which stood the gentleman who is now our
minister to France, and who used to be stig-
matized as the most economical man in the
House. To him belongs a large portion of the
credit for that economy which saved us the
State of Pennsylvania Mst fall.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman allow
me a moment?
Mr. SCOFIELD. Certainly.
Mr. KELLEY. I would like to ask my col-
league [Mr. Scofield] whether in any of my
speeches I ever suggested that it was wise econ-
omy to save pence and throw away pounds?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I cannot say that the gen-
tleman said that exactly. But if he said a great
many foolish things it may be he said that.
[Laughter.]
Now, the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Bctler] proposes that instead of these dis-
trict superintendents the census should be taken
by the officers of the revenue. I believe that,
after all, the best and the safest way will be to
go back to the old law and let the marshals
take the census, and if we do not pass this bill,
or some other in its place, the old law will be
in force. The marshals are bonded officers,
and many of them are men of experience.
Now I find by comparing this bill with the old
law that there are many things in this that are
mere transcripts from that. Those things are
good. My friend from Maine [Mr. Hale] was
with me when I compared this bill with the
old law and suggested that there might appro-
priately be applied to this bill the reply made
by Macaulay to a young author who sent him
a comedy to read, the half of which had been
filched. He read it, and returning it, wrote :
" Your comedy I've road, my friend,
And liko the part you stole tho best;
If still the play you wish to mend,
Take courage, man, and steal tho rest 1"
Now, if this committee would take the old
bill of 1850, with such modifications as may
now be needed, 1 think it would bo a great
improvement on this bill.
Mr. GAliFIELD, of Ohio. I desire now to
move that the committee rise for the purpose
of limiting debate.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the gentleman to first
yield to mo for a few moments ?
Mr. CREBS. 1 desire to be heard a few
minutes on this subject.
Mr. GARFIELl), of Ohio. 1 will yield to
tho gentleman from Now York [Mr. Davis]
for five minutes.
Mr. DAVIS. I desiro to call the attention
of tho committee to the exact proposition be-
fore them.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman on the
right of the Chair [Mr. Cress] is entitled to
the floor in preference to the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Davis,] who has already
spoken.
Mr. DAVIS. Tho gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Gahfield] yielded the floor to me for
five minutes.
Tho CHAIRMAN. Of his own time ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Certainly; of
my own time.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Now York [Mr. Davis] will proceed.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. Chairman, the proposi-
tion before the committee is to reduce the
clerical forco that may be employed by each
superintendent to one person. In order to
comprehend this question fairly we must un-
derstand what are tho duties devolved by this
bill upon each superintendent. Those duties,
as I understand, are simply these: after enter-
ing upon tho duties of his office he is in the
first place to select the enumerators and pre-
scribe their districts; next-, he is to receive
from the department at Washington the blanks
and schedules provided for by law and to dis-
tribute them; thirdly, to receive from the enu-
merators those blanks when properly filled up;
and lastly, to make an accurate copy of the
returns and transmit to Washington either the
original returns or copies. These are all the
duties devolved upon each superintendent.
They are in themselves merely clerical.
The question, then, is whether or not this
amendment will allow this officer sufficient
assistance to enable him to discharge these
duties. It seems to me that it will. It is true
that if we retain the provision authorizing the
general superintendent to direct as to a single
district embracing a great city the copying
of the enumerators' returns, a greater clerical
force may in such case be required; but as to
the country at large it seems to me that one
clerk will be entirely adequate for giving the
superintendent the assistance he may require,
and this clerk should be allowed only where
the Secretary of the Interior shall be of opinion
that a clerk is necessary. To allow this pro-
vision to stand as it originally did would put
no limitation whatever upon clerk hire. There
might be one clerk or there might be a dozen
or more, according to the discretion of this offi-
cer. But the provision as amended prescribes
a limitation of one clerk, who is not to be em-
ployed for a longer period than sixty days;
and even this one clerk is not to be allowed
unless the Secretary of the Interior shall con-
sider that clerk necessary. Since the duties to
bo performed within this period of sixty days
from the 1st of June are in themselves purely
clerical on the part of the superintendent I fail
to see any necessity for allowing him more than
ono clerk.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I propose now
to move that the committee rise for the pur-
pose of closing all general debate after ten
minutes, and afterward considering the bill
under the five-minutes rule.
Mr. MAYNARD. There are some general
features in this bill which, it seems to me, ought
to receive attention before we descend to the
discussion of details.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will make my
motion, then, in regard to this section.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes twenty-five, noes not counted.
So the motion was disagreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I made the mo-
tion, Mr. Chairman, I desire to say, forthe sake
of facilitating business. I am entirely willing
that the debate should run on so long as it is the
pleasure of the House to do so.
I wish to make one remark in reply to the
speech of my friend from New York. 1 do not
think that he appreciates the business put in
the hands of the Superintendent of the Census.
Under the old law copies were made by the as-
sistant marshals, who correspond in this bill to
the enumerators. We found, on looking that
over, if we compelled them to do that copying
there were so many of them that the lime given
to them to complete it would be far more ex-
pensive to the country than to allow reasonable
clerk hire to each ofthe district superintendents.
I think my friend will see that the amendment
of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham]
will be sufficiently restrictive and still liberal
enough to meet this whole question. If either
of tho amendments are to prevail I hope that
it will be that of my colleague.
Mr. PAINE. J think that the gentleman
from New York is a little mistaken when he
informs the House that the duties of district
superintendents under this bill are altogether
cleKcal in their nature. It is true they have
the duties to perform that he has enumerated,
but they have other duties which he has over-
looked, and one of these duties, although put
forth in the bill in a very few words, will, in my
judgment, be in practice very laborious; that
is the duty imposed in the sixth and seventh
lines of the eighth section upon district super-
intendents, that they shall give to the enumer-
ators from time to time all such information
and directions as may be necessary to enable
him protierly to discharge his duties.
I am requested by the gentleman from Ohio
who has charge of this bill to refer to the duties
imposed by the last three lines of this section.
I will read it:
He shallfrom time to time make himself no
quaintcd with tho progress mad© by each ©numer-
ator in tho discharge of his duties, and in case of
inability or neglect of any enumerator, arising Irom
sickness or other cause, shall employ asubstitute.
It gives the district superintendent the power
and imposes upon him the duty to supervise
from day to day the action ofthe enumerator.
But this is not' all. If we tarn to the last
