8264
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
we stand by the agreement which we made yes-
terday. It was distinctly understood, 110 man
objecting to it except the Senator from Min-
nesota, [Mr. Ramsey,] who said he would an-
tagonize against it the bill to abolish the frank-
ing privilege, and nothing else. That is what
the Senate agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maine has moved to postpone all prior
orders for the purpose of considering the appro-
priation bill, pending which the Senator from
Massachusetts moves that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was not carried; there being, on
a division—ayes 14, «oes 37.
Mr. STEWART. I hope the Senate will
proceed with this bill to enforce the fifteenth
amendment. Since it is up we may as well
dispose of it. It can be acted upon as speed-
ily at this time as at any other period. The
appropriation bill is bound to pass.
Now, in regard to the arrangement spoken
of by the Senator from Rhode Island, I was
not a party to any such arrangement. I did
not know of any such arrangement; but there
was a strong vote in favor of letting the Sen-
ator from Iowa [Mr. Harlan] perfect his bill,
and there was a general understanding that
that bill should be disposed of; but right in
the midst of its consideration the Senate did
not consider themselves so far bound as not to
take a Senator right off his feet and say they
would not go any further. I do not think that
wo are under any higher obligation to the appro-
priation bill than we were to the bill of the Sen-
ator from Iowa. The Senate all the time has
the matter under its control. It seems to me
the fifteenth amendment bill being before the
Senate had better be disposed of.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I simply wish to re-
mark to the Senator from Nevada that his bill
is a bill of—
" So frightful mien
As, to be hated, noeds but to be seen."
Mr. HOWE. In reference to the agreement
of which the Senator from Rhode Island spoke
just now I wish to say that I have acted to-
day, all through the day, as if no such agree-
ment was made, and my excuse for it is that I
did not hear of any such proposition while
this question was pendingyesterday; but when
a motion was made to postpone the Indian bill
to take up the appropriation bill I called the
yeas and nays on that. I think that was the
motion. They were ordered. Subsequently
the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson]
appealed to the Senate for its unanimous con-
sent to take up and consider that bill, the bill
moved by the Senator from Iowa.
I heard no conditions about it. I simply rose
and asked the Chair what would be the state
of the Calendar if that was done; what would
be the next order; and the Chair replied, "The
bill to abolish the franking privilege." There-
fore I made no objection, and I consented for
that reason. I never heard a word about an
agreement that the Senator from Maine should
have the floor to-day. If I had understood it,
of course I should have felt bound by it to-day.
I state these things as my apology for having
voted as I have this afternoon. I certainly
never would recede from any agreements I make,
or that I understand to have been made by the
unanimous consent of the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hold in my hand the
Globe, which shows what did take place yes-
terday, and I am bound to say although I was
not present, that the Senator from Maine, in
my opinion, is justified in asking that the
Senate without discussion as to which shall be
taken up shall take up his bill. He had asked
that that should be done then.
Mr. Nye made a suggestion to the Senator
from Maine:
" Mr. Nye. I wish to make a suggestion to the
honorable Senator from Maine, whether, to get rid
of this controversy, it would not be better to have
a general understanding that we take up that ap-
propriation bill to-morrow morning and go through
with it."
Then the Senator from Minnesota [Mr. Ram-
sey] said:
"Howcan we have such a general understanding?"
Mr. Nye replied:
I " What do you want to get up—that franking priv-
ilege bill?
" Mr. Hamsky. That is just the thing. The Senate
; has rnado it a special order."
; Then there were a few words as to how
I many Senators were for it that it is not neces-
: sary to read here, Then Mr. Morrill, of
Maine, said:
" Mr. Morrill, of Maine. If it is the general desire
of the Senate to proceed with the Calendar, and by
general consent and without a struggle to-morrow I
can go on with the appropriation bill, I shall yield;
otherwiso I must insist on my motion.
"Mr. Nye. I have no doubt you can.
"Mr. Ramsey. Now I feel it my duty, in behalf
of tho committee that instructed me to report the
bill abolishing tho franking privilege, to ask that it
shall be considered as soon as it comcs up in order.
As I stated before, nearly throo months ago it was
made a special order, and the country is inquiring
why the Senate does not respond to the House in
regard to this bill. I feel it my duty, simply us tho
representative of my committee, to oppose the prop-
osition of the Senator from Maine. His bill proposes
to vote eighteen or nineteen million dollars out of the
Treasury, and my bill proposes to save $5,000,000 a
year to the Treasury.
"Mr. Nyb. The country is inquiring why it was
ever introduced.
"Mr. Ramsky. The country has answered that.
A million of the people of the country have peti-
tioned for the passage of the bid.
"Mr. Nye. By order of the Postmaster General.
"Mr. Morrill, of Maine. I am rather impressed
with the idea that the Senate of the United States
to-day would rather give its attention to the consid-
eration of private claims than bills of a public char-
acter; and I will withdraw my motion, and take my
chances with the Senator from Minnesota to-mor-
row.
" Mr. Sumner. That is right; now let us go on."
The result of thai is, we may refine it as
much as wc please, that both these Senators
having charge of those two bills understood,
and had a right to understand, that the only
contest to-day was as to which of the two
should be taken up. That was left open. Now
the Senate has decided that it will not take up
the franking privilege bill, and we are bound
in honor, as I think, to take up the other.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is the way
it occurred.
Mr. STEWART. I think that explodes the
whole idea of an agreement when a man says
he will come the next day and take his chances.
Mr. ANTHONY. Take his chances with
one single bill, and upon a bill which we have
passed over.
Mr. STEWART. That has been set aside.
He had a controversy with the Senator from
Minnesota. If he was going to take his chances
on any bill, if it was not a positive agreement,
nobody is bound by it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I rise to a question of
order. I insist 
Mr. STE W ART. It is an agreement to have
a private contest between two Senators.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Oregon has risen to a question of order.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I insist there is no ques-
tion before the Senate for discussion, and we
must proceed with the bill which has been
taken np.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair over-
rules the point of order. The question before
the Senate is the motion of the Senator from
Maine to postpone the present and all prior
orders for the purpose of considering the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial appropriation
bill; and the motion to postpone is debatable,
especially in regard to the bill proposed to be
postponed.
Mr. SHERMAN rose.
Mr. STEWART. I have not concluded.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Nevada was interrupted by the question of
order.
Mr. STEWART. I desire it distinctly under-
stood what amounts to an agreement here,
because I never will violate an agreement. I
wish to know whether an understanding be-
tween two Senators that they will antagonize
their bills on the next day and lake their
chances is binding on the Senate, so that they
cannot press any other bill. Is such an un-
derstanding and agreement binding upon the
Senate?
Mr. ANTHONY. It is if the Senate agree
to it, as thpy did in this case.
Mr. STEWART. Hid anybody else say any-
thing in regard to it? Show any note of it. In
the Globe we find a contest was agreed upon,
as to which bill should come up, between these
two Senators. Was anybody else a party to
it? Does anything appear of that kind? It
does seem to me that we ought to proceed now
with the consideration of the bill to enforce the
fifteenth amendment. It is important that it
should be passed at an early day before con-
tests arise in the States. There are questions
of registration in California and Oregon, and
contests arising constantly in regard to it.
Mr. MORION. Local elections all the
time.
Mr. STEWART. Local elections constantly;
and if this bill is passed I am confident in the
belief that it will enforce itself, that it will be
observed; but if you delay action upon it and
allow elections to pass on, the passions of the
people will become excited on the subject.
Ihey will be discussing it and taking their
positions upon it. Let Congress declare at
once that it intends to enforce the fifteenth
amendment in good faith, and that will put an
end to all controversy. I believe this is as
important a measure as any we have before us,
and it is important to have speedy action upon
it. There is time enough for the appropria-
tion bill. I do not like to antagonize this bill
against a bill of that character; but it seems
to me we can spend a couple of days now on
this bill and dispose of it this week. There
will be no difficulty in disposing of the bill to
enforce the fifteenth amendment this week. It
can be disposed of and got out of the way, and
there is no trouble in doing it. Stick to it and
follow my lead, and you will have it disposed
of this week. There is no trouble in doing it.
I will guarantee it; and I will not leave my
chair while it is under consideration.
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall vote for the mo-
tion of the Senatorfrom Maine for a very plain
reason to me. He has charge of eight appro-
priation bills, bringing before the Senate all
the expenditures of the national Government.
I know it is physically impossible for him to
watch these bills and stay with them, as he
must stay with them when they are taken up
through day sessions and through night ses-
sions, unless the Senate will allow hitn the
usual courtesy uniformly given since I have
been a member of the Senate to the person
who has charge of the appropriation bills, to
select his time for their consideration. I say
it is physically impossible for the Senator from
Maine to sit by and see these bills through
unless he has an opportunity to take thera up
in the order in which he desires to present
them.
Now, in regard to the bill to enforce the fif-
teenth amendment, it is well known that there
is a very large party majority here in favor of
it. We have it in our power to pass it; and it
seems to me we ought in this matter to defer
to the Senator from Maine.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I should
like to appeal to the Senator from Maine on
this subject for certain reasons. There is a
political necessity for the immediate passage
of a bill to enforce the fifteenth amendment,
not because there is any doubt about the bill
passing this body ultimately, but there is a
political necessity in the country, and there is
a demand coming from -various directions to
have a law passed to enforce this amendment,
I am ready to take up the appropriation bill as
the next measure to be considered, and I think
it ought to betaken up; but I know of no bill
now before Congress for which there is such a
strong political necessity as for this fifteenth
