1870.
THB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8255
amendment bill. I hope my friend from Maine
will give way and allow us to pass it, with the
assurance that we shall then take up the appro-
nriation bill and go through with it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
011 the motion of the Senator from Maine.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes thirty-one, noes not counted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill (H. li.
No. 974) making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30,1871,
is now before the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, May 5,1870.
TheHousemetateleveno'clocka.m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Bdtler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
order 0? business.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a resolution for reference.
Mr. BECK. I object to any unanimous con-
sent. I asked to introduce a resolution yester-
day inquiring why the writ of habeas corpus
was retused by General Terry in Georgia, and
it was objected to.
Mr. PETERS. If I can get the floor I will
move that the House adjourn.
Mr. INGERSOLL. 1 ask unanimous con-
sent to submit to the House a unanimous re-
port from the Committee on Commerce, grant-
ing an American register to a little shallop of
twenty tons burden. There can be no ojection
to it. It is now lying rotting in an American
harbor.'
Mr. BECK. A gentleman who puts himself
up here as a general objector must make him-
self odious in the House; ahd I shall therefore
object no further.
improvement OF RONDOCT HARBOR.
Mr. VAN WYCK, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 283)
appropriating $100,000 for the improvement
of the harbor at Rondout, on the Hudson river,
in the State of New York ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
schooner cavallo marino.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask unanimous con-
sent to report from the Committee on Com-
merce a bill (H. R. No. 195C) to authorize the
Secretary ot'the Treasury to issue a register to
the schooner Cavallo Marino, a vessel now
lying in the harbor of Indianola, Texas, and
owned by Samuel Marx. The two Commit-
tees on Commerce, of the House and the Sen-
ate, have met and had a conference on the
subject of granting registers to foreign-built
• vessels under peculiar circumstances. In this
particular case this schooner was libeled and
sold as a wreck found floating in the Gulf of
Mexico upon the American shore. It was sold
by the United States marshal for $150, and the
purchaser has put $1,600 worth of repairs in
American materials and American labor upon
it. She is but twenty tons burden, and I hope
there will be no objection to it.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is not this the pioneer
lor larger cases wliich are to follow?
INGERSOLL. I hope no man will be
«o suspicious as to imagine this little bill has
been put forth as a pioneer or as a pilot-boat
for larger cases to come in this session. We
nave passed already two or three cases like
ting.
Mr: MAYNARD. Upon the same strong
statements as the gentleman from Illinois now
makes.
Mr. NIBLACK. The gentleman from Illi-
nois is good-natured and does not object; but
I insist that he shall not be farther interrupted.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I like to treat all gentle-
men fairly and give all the information I can.
i This American citizen bought this wreck at a
j public sale for $150 and spent $1,590 in repairs
upon it. The law of 1850 authorizes where
repairs to three fourths of the value of a wreck
have been put upon it the owner shall be-
, entitled to a register.
Mr. ALLISON. Who objects?
Mr. INGERSOLL. No one, I hope. I
; demand the previous question.
! Mr. CALKIN. I shall object unless I have
j further explanation.
i; Mr. INGERSOLL. I will answer any ques-
< tion. This is a unanimous report from the
I Committee on Commerce. I further answer,
j that the Secretary of the Treasury and other
I Treasury officials who have examined this mat-
|i ter recommend that an American register be
j issued to this schooner. The committee di-
j rected me unanimously to report the bill and
: ask the House to pass it.
Mr. CALKIN. The gentleman is so good-
natured I will not insist on my objection.
The bill was received, and read a first and
second time.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Before the gentleman
calls the previous question I desire to be per-
mitted to say a word. The citizens living along
the borders of fte lakes separating Canada
from the United States have always been in
the habit of dealing with the Canadians in the
buying and selling of vessels. Latterly the
Committee on Commerce have refused to give
a vessel an American register when it was pur-
chased from Canada. A great number of per-
sons in the city of Erie in my district who have
made conditional purchases of Canadian-built
vessels have been refused American registers
by the committee. Yet every little while they
see that the committee have reported in favor of
giving an American register for some foreign-
built vessel on the Atlantic coast, or in some
other part of the country, and then they write
to me to know why this committee or this
House will not give to them the same privileges
that they are giving to citizens in other parts
of the country. 1 know that when such a
register is given there is almost always some
specialty pleaded. I am asking the commit-
tee to report several bills which I have intro-
duced for the granting of American registers,
and I desire that they should apply the same
principle to all such applications; that they
should grant all or none. I desire that citi-
zens who live along the borders of the lakes and
who wish to buy Canadian-built vessels shall
have the same privileges as citizens in Texas
or in Maine have with respect to buying foreign-
built vessels. The committee never report bills
of the class which I have introduced, and yet
every little while the owners of some favorite
little ship like this come forward and ask for
an American register, and for some reason or
other obtain it, their case being made a spe-
cialty ; and when this is done every gentleman
representing districts along the lakes is written
to and asked bjr his constituents why they can-
not get these privileges; why citizens of Texas
or Maine should begrantedan indulgence which
is refused to all the balance of the people?
What I desire is that we should have a uniform
rule. Let the Committee on Commerce report
a general law, that all may have an equal
chance.
Mr. BENNETT. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois to allow me to say a word or two.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do not think that I can
yield to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Bennett, j I want to reply to the gentleman
from Penusylvania, [Mr. Scofield.] I will
Btate to that gentleman that the Committee on
Commerce have not agreed to a single bill
which provides for the issuing of an American
register to a foreign-built vessel when she has
become the properly simply by purchase of an
American citizen. No bill of that kind has
been reported to the House, and no such bill
has been passed during the last two years. I
may state further that by the law of 1856, which
was a general law, any foreign-built vessel
wrecked in American waters might be libeled,
condemned, and sold, and repaired by her pur-
chaser in any American yard; and provided
the repairs amounted to three times as much
as the original purchase-money, then the
Secretary of the Treasury was authorized to
issue an American register. In this case the
Secretary of the Treasury would have issued
the register, if he had been satisfied that the
little shallop had been built in a foreign coun-
try. It was required at the Treasury Depart-
ment that the purchaser of the shallop should
show affirmatively that she was a foreign-built
vessel, although she was sailing under the
Mexican flag at the time she was wrecked,
and although there was no evidence whatever
that she had been built in the United States.
After a full and thorough examination the offi-
cers of the Department were satisfied that she
was a foreign-built vessel. There was no room
for the suspicion that she was built in the Uni-
ted States, and therefore she comes absolutely
within ike provisions of the law of 1856. I
demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. BENNETT. I move to lay the bill on
the table.
The motion to lay the bill on the table was
not agreed to.
The main question was ordered ; and under
the operation thereof the bill was ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COMPENSATION IN ELECTION CONTESTS.
Mr. PAINE, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, reported a bill (H. R. No. 1957) regu-
lating compensation in cases of contested elec-
' tions ; which was read a first and second time,
I recommitted to the committee, and ordered to
be printed.
HENRY BARTON.
On motion of Mr. MORGAN, by unan-
imous consent, the Committee on Military
Affairs was discharged from the further con-
sideration of the petition of Henry Barton,
praying for a pension; and the same was
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
PRINTING OP A BILL.
Mr. KELLEY, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
referred, under the law, to the Committee on
Printing:
lltaolved. That there be printed for the use of the
Treasury Department fire hundred copies of the
bill revising the laws relating to the mints, assay
offices, and coinage of the United States, together
with the accompanying report of John Jay Knox,
Deputy Comptroller of the Currency.
CAPTAIN DAVID BBATTY's COMPANY OF SCOUTS.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, by unanimous con-
sent, from the Committee on Military Affairs,
reported back, with an amendment, the bill (H.
R. No. 1899) for the relief of Captain David
Beatty's company of independent scouts.
The bill was read. The preamble recites
that David Beatty, of Fentress county, Ten-
nessee, did, on the 25th day of January, 18G2,
organize a company of independent scouts,
numbering one hattdred and two men, includ-
ing himself, as captain, and his first and second
lieutenants; that the said company was on con-
tinuous duty, engaged in the work of suppress-
ing the rebellion, from the date of its organiza-
tion until the 1st of June, 1865, serving under
the orders of the commander of the army in
Tennessee; and that the said company was
never legally mustered into the service of the
United States by any properly authorized mus-
