1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
353
41st Cong....2d Sks.
Fifteenth Amendment—Mr. Hamilton.
Senate.
the titles which England conferred upon Wel-
lington, first of marquis and then of dalce. I
say such titles are hostile to the spirit of our
free institutions, and unless corrected by the
people they establish a precedent which sooner
or later will undermine the columns of the
grand edifice built by our fathers, and it will
crumble in ruins over our heads.
In 1862 these gentlemen of the Navy in-
duced Congress to create the grade of rear
admiral; in 1864 they advanced a step further,
and Congress created the grade of Vice Admi-
ral ; and in 1866, after the war was over, taking
advantage of that glow of generous patriotism
which belongs to the people of a republic
above those of any other form of government,
they induced Congress to create the title of
Admiral. England gives to her great generals
a seat in Parliament. In which hotfce of Par-
liament ? Not the House of Commons, which
represents the people, but in the House of
Peers—the lords of the realm. These new
and aristocratic titles fall upon our ears with-
out exciting remark, and, I mourn to say, fall
upon the ear of the country without exciting
alarm.
Mr. Chairman, I have discharged to-day
what in some sense has been to me a disagree-
able duty, but when the hour arrives that I
am not prepared to discharge my duty upon
this floor without regard to whom it may affect
or whom it may please or displease I will re-
sign my commission and go back to the people
and give them an opportunity to elect some one
to represent them more worthy than myself.
note.
The bill passed, with the following amend-
mentreportedby Mr. Washburn, of Wisconsin,
by instruction of the Committee on Appropria-
tions:
Provided further. That hereafter the pay of officers
of the Navy shall be annually, in lieu of all other
compensation, as follows:
The pay of Admiral, $12,000.
The pay of Vice Admiral when at sea, S9,000; when
on shore duty, ^>7,200; when on leavo ot abacncc or
waiting orders, $0,000.
Tho pay ot rear admirals when at sea, §6,000; when
on shoie duty, $4,80:); when on leave of absence or
waiting orders, $3,600; when retired, $2,400.
The pay of commodores when at sea, $5,000; on
shore duty. Si.OOO; on leave of absence or waiting
orders, ^3,000; when retired, $2,250.
Tho pay of captains when at sea, $4,200; on shore
duty, $3,360; on leave of absence or waiting orders,
82,520; when retired, 52,000.
The pay of commanders when at sea, $3,500; on
shore duty, 32,800; on leave of absence or waiting
orders, 52,100: when retired, $1,800.
Tlie pay of lieutenant commanders when a,t sea,
$3,125; on shore duty, $2,500; on leave of absence or
waiting orders, $2,000; when retired, &1.700.
The pay of lieutenants when at sea, §2,500; on shore
dutv. $2,000; on leave of absence or waiting orders,
SI,500; when retired, SI,300.
The pay of masters when at sea, $2,000 ; on shore
duty, $1,600; on leave of absence or waiting orders,
S1.200; when retired, £1,000.
The pay of ensigns when at sea, $1,600; when on
shore duty, $1,280; on leave of absence or waiting
orders, S060; when retired, 8800.
And staff officers of the Navy shall receive pay
according to their relative rank, speeifiedin general
order of the Navy Department of March 13,1803.
The bill as it passed increases the salaries
of naval officers as follows:
At sea.
Admiral   810,000 to 812,000
Vice Admiral  7,000 t.o 9,000
"Rear admirals  5,000 to 6,000
Ooxnmodoies    4,000 to 5,000
Captains    3.500 to 4,200
Commanders    2,800 to 3,500
Lieutenant Commanders  2,343 to 3,125
And so on as to all the other officers, super-
numeraries and all.
While the amendment was under debate it
was opposed as follows, by—
Mr. MORGAN. I regret, Mr. Chairman,
that I feel called upon by a sense of public
duty to oppose the amendment introduced by
the honorable gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Washbuex.] It does not come up to the con-
ditions of the military bill. That bill provided
41st Gong. 2d Sess.—No. 23.
for retiring from service about five hundred
officers of the regular Army. There are now
in the Navy, adopting a very large estimate,
only about one thousand officers doing naval
duty. The number of those at sea and on
special service amounts to seven hundred and
fifty-two, or thereabout. It may be safely said
that there are not one thousand officers doing
naval duty. Yet pay is claimed for more than
two thousand. Now, before we undertake to
increase the pay of officers of the Navy we
should at least apply to the Navy the same
rule which has been applied to the Army by
the military bill; we should reduce the num-
ber of naval officers in something like a cor-
responding degree, so as to conform to the
present necessities of the public service.
I object to this amendment for another rea-
son. I hold that it is not just to this House
to spring upon us an amendment of this im-
portant character, revolutionizing the whole
system of pay in the Navy, without giving
members an opportunity to scan carefully its
provisions, that they may either support or
oppose it intelligently. The grand abuse in
both branches of our service—the military and
the naval—is the number of supernumerary
officers. I showed yesterday that according to
the estimate used in the speech of my friend
from Wisconsin the officers of our Navy num-
bered about one for every three seamen. I say
that such a proportion of supernumerary offi-
cers is an outrage upon the country. It amounts
simply to plundering the tax-payers whose con-
tributions fill the national coffers. Hence I
oppose the amendment.
Fifteenth Amendment.
SPEECH OF HON. W. T. HAMILTON,
01? maryland,
12? the United States Senate,
May 18 and 19, 1870.
The Senate having under consideration tho bill
(ii. ii. No. 1293) to enforce tho right of citizens of
tho United States to vote in the several States of this
Union who have hitherto been denied that right on
account of race, color, or previous condition of ser-
vitude—
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, said :
Mr. President : 1 take the liberty of indulg-
ing in some observations upon thebillnow before
the Senate, a bill purporting to enforce the
fifteenth amendment to the Constitution of the
United States. I consider, Mr. President, that it
is one of tho most important measures that has
ever arrested the deliberations of tho Ameri-
can Senate. The power to impose this species
of legislation upon the country is claimed, of
course, under this fifteenth amendment. Upon
the merits of this amendment I shall now say
nothing—time will disclose the bad conse-
quences of its evil origin and of its enforced
adoption—but shall for the purpose I have in
view assume that it is a part of the Constitu-
tion of the United States and binding upon the
States and the people. The amendment reads
as follows:
" The right of citizens of the United States to vote
shall not be denied or abridged bythoUnited States,
or by any State, on account of race, color, or pre-
vious condition of servitude."
In order to the fair and proper examination
of the provisions of the bill now before us, it
is necessary that we first understand the true
intent and meaning of the amendment, and tbe
power, if any at all, it confers upon Congress.
By a fair construction of its terms, with the
contemporaneous exposition of its meaning
and effect, the following propositions may be
logically deduced:
First. That it does not confer upon Congress
any power to establish the qualifications of
electors in the States.
Second. That it prohibits the United States
from denying or abridging the right of citi-
zens of the United States to vote on account
of race, color, or previous condition of servi-
tude in places where the United States have
the power of establishing the qualifications of
electors and of regulating elections and the
elective franchise, as in the District of Colum-
bia and the Territories of the United States.
Third. That it prohibits the States from
denying or abridging the right of citizens of
the United States to vote on account of race,
color, or previous condition of servitude within
their jurisdictions respectively.
Fourth. That in all other respects the several
States have within themselves, and the United
States in sueli places where it has the jurisdic-
tion, as I have before stated, in this District
and in the Territories, the full and perfect
power to fix the qualifications of electors.
Fifth. That it does not deny or in the least
abridge or affect that full and perfect power
always possessed, enjoyed, and exercised by
the States to regulate their elections and to
prescribe the mode and manner of holding
them, subject, however, and subject only to
the limitations in article one, section four, of
the Constitution of the United States, which
grants to Congress the power to make or alter
any regulations made by a State prescribing
the time, place, and manner of holding elec-
tions for Senators and Representatives in Con-
gress, except as to the place of choosing Sena-
tors. This grant, it will be observed, applies
only to the election of Senators and Represent-
atives in Congress.
In all other respects whatsoever the rights
of the States to regulate their elections remain
to them unimpaired and complete. In fact,
the intent and effect of this amendment were
to avoid an exclusion from voting by reason of
color or race. It means nothing more; it does
nothing more. True, this is enough in itself,
in my judgment, to entail trouble upon the
white and bring disaster ultimately to the
black race ; but my purpose is not to comment
upon the consequences likely to flow from this
policy. There is no doubt, in my opinion, but
that some of the designers and promoters of
this amendment intended more than this; in-
tended, by its peculiar phraseology and by im-
plication in it3 construction, to absorb control
over elections in the States, as is manifested
in the bills now before us, and especially in the
Senate bill, as I shall show when I come, after
these preliminary observations, to an examin-
ation of the details of the bill. But whatever
was intended by some, nothing, upon a just
construction of the amendment, was effected
beyond this: if a man be a citizen of the Uni-
ted States, and otherwise qualified to vote,
whether he be white or black, or of whatever
race, he is an elector by this amendment, and
nothing more ; he is not thereby placed above
the regulations any State may make respecting
elections, either in the manner of holding them
or otherwise, but is subject to them and must
comply with them. The only thing to be ob-
served in their application to the voter is that
white and black, and of whatever race or color,
shall be treated alike.
And now, Mr. President, before proceeding
further I will direct the attention of the Senate
more particularly to the words and structure
of this amendment; and I shall maintain that
it confers upon Congress no power of affirm-
ative legislation under it, and especially such
legislation as that now proposed in both these
bills—in some provisions of the House bill, and
in almost every feature of the bill reported by
the Committee on the J udiciary of the Senate.
It will be observed that it is entirely nega-
tive and prohibitory in its terms; it denies, u
prohibits the exercise of certain powers. It
addresses itself, in the first place, to the Uni-
ted States as a body corporate and politic, as
an organized power, having the right within >u
