1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1367
it to their voce, and as they shall determine
so shall we act.
Mr. CONKLING. Before I vote to exclude
the Committee on Commerce, in order that the
District of Columbia may have an audience in
this court, I must see something interesting to
the District of Columbia, which is of some
importance—1 ought to say paramount import-
ance. The honorable Senator from Maine the
other day asked the Senate to consent to take
up a bill which concerned charity in the Dis-
trict, and the bill was taken up and acted upon
for the cogent reasons which pertained to that
bill. On the Friday after, the honorable Sen-
ator again invited, in earnest terms, the Senate
to devote itself to the District of Columbia, aud
the Senate devoted that day to tlie District.
What for? In order, among the prominent
measures then considered, that M street might
be paved. Well, sir, considering the season
of the year, I am inclined to think that if a
week or two had elapsed before M street was
ordered to be paved we might have wallowed
through the mud and the dust of this District
and come out alive at the end of that time.
Then we chartered some gentlemen to form a
company to run steamboats from here to Old
Point Comfort, if I remember aright; and one
or two other bills like that were acted upon.
Now we are invited to commence to-morrow
the consideration of the question whether any
Shylock shall take usury in the District of
Columbia. Well, sir, if there is anybody who
is likely to take usury, anybody who is likely
to suffer from usury being taken, so that the
case is really imminent, then I think that those
measures which are already in waiting, per-
fected by the Committee on Commerce, ought
to give way; but if, on the contrary, it is only
because at, some time it would be well and
wholesome to take up the question of usury
and discuss it here, then I insist upon it that
the people interested in great commercial ques-
tions, some of which, as the Senator Irom
Michigan truly says, are suffering from neglect,
ought to have their day, Friday or some other
day, pretty soon in this body.
Some Senator suggested to the Senator from
Michigan to aim at next Monday. Yes, sir;
but do we not know that this much talked of
funding bill, which loses its place now because
the Senator from Ohio happens not to be here,
on next Monday will rear its front, and that
the Committee on Commerce will encounter
that when they attempt to appropriate Monday
to their use? If the honorable Senator from
Michigan, the chairman of the Committee on
Commerce, wishes to lose not only to-morrow
but next week, or as long as the funding bill
shall endure, then the very suggestion has been
made to him which he had better accept. But
I remember a good book says that it is idle to
spread a net in the sight of any bird. Know-
ing how old a bird the honorable Senator from
Michigan is, I do not believe that he will en ■
tangle himself in so palpable a mesh as that.
Mr. President, I hope we shall have a fair
trial of strength here between the usury laws
in the District of Columbia and the group of
important bills which have been reported by
the Committee on Commerce, and let us see
whether usury in the District cannot wait as
well at least as can these other bills.
Mr. POMEROY. If we should adjourn at this
moment! submit to the Chair whether the busi-
ness of the District will not be in order at one
o'clock to-morrow morning?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There being no
business now before the Senate, the special
order having been postponed, if the Senate
should adjourn now, atone o'clock to-morrow
the rights of the five committees named in the
order for Friday would operate, being led by
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope not.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 17, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. STILES, by unanimous consent, was
granted leave of absence for a few days.
MARGARET B. FRANKS.
On motion of Mr. SAWYER, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the petition and
accompanying papers in the claim of Margaret
B. Franks, widow of T. L. Franks.
JOHN RYLE AND COMPANY.
Mr. HILL,by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 1260) to refund John Ryle
& Co., silk manufacturers at Paterson, New
Jersey, duties paid by them on imported ma-
chinery ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
IOWA AND DAKOTA RAILROAD.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE,by unanimous consent,
presented the memorial and joint resolution
of the State of Iowa, asking Congress for a
grant of land to aid in the construction of a
railroad from O'Brien couuty, Iowa, to some
point on the Missouri river at or neaf Yank- j
ton, in Dakota Territory; which were referred j
to the Committee on the Public Lands, and j
ordered to be printed. j
REDUCTION OF AMERICAN TONNAGE. ;
Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I am directed :
by the Commitee on the Decline of American
Commerce to report, first, a bill to revive the^
navigation and commercial interests of the i
United States; and second, a bill imposing i
tonnage duties, and for other purposes, and
ask that they be printed and made the special
order for Tuesday, March 15, and from day to
day until disposed of.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LYNCH. The committee also direct
me to submit a report in writing, and ask that
it be laid on the table, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
ENFORCEMENT OF LAWS IN UTAH.
The SPEAKER stated that the first busi-
ness in the morning hour was House bill No.
1089, in aid of the execution of the laws in
the Territory of Utah, and for other purposes,
reported yesterday from the Committee on the
Territories by Mr. Cullom.
The bill, which was read in great part yes-
terday and finished to-day, is as follows :
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Jiepresenta-
tiven of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the United States marshal of Utah Ter-
ritory may appoint a deputy in each of the judi-
cial districts of said Territory: Provided, That before
any such deputy shall be authorized to enter upon
tile discbarge of his duties his appointment must be
approved by tho judge of the district court of the
district for which said deputy is appointed; and said
dejjuty must take and subscribe the same oath pre-
scribed by law to be taken by the marshal, and give
bond with good and sufficient sureties to said marshal
in the penal sum of 810,000, conditioned for the faith-
ful discharge of his duties as such deputy; and said
appointment, approval, oath, and bond shall be en-
tered upon tho journals of said court.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That it shall be
the duty of said marshal, in person or by his deputies,
to attend thedistrictand supreme courts of said Ter-
ritory, and servoand execute all process, orders, judg-
ments, or decrees issued, rendered, or directed by
said courts or by any judge thereof.
Skc. 3. And be it further enacted. That the United
States district attorney of said Territory may also
appoint an assistant in each of the judicial districts
of said Territory: Provided, That before any such
assistant shall enter upon tho discharge of his duties
his appointment must be approved by tho presiding
judge of the district court of the district for which
such appointment is made; and said assistant must
take and subscribe the same oath prescribed by law to
be taken by the district attorney. And said appoint-
ment, approval, and oath shall be entered upon the
journals of said court.
Sec. 4. Ana be it further enacted. That It shall be
the duty ofsaid district attorney, in person or by his
assistants, to attend all of the district courts of said
Territory, and perform the duties of prosecuting
attorney in all criminal cases arising in said couus.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That only citizens
of fhe United States over the age of twenty-one yours
shall bo competent to serve as grand or petit juro.s
in said Territory.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted. That the grand
jury of said Territory shall consist of fifteen gocd
and lawful men, twelve of whom concurring, may
find and return a bill of indictment.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted. That at least two nty
days before the time of holding each regular term
of the district courts of said Territory, in their re-
spective districts, the United States marshal of s;uJ
Territory, or one of his deputies, shall, in connection
with the clerk of the district court for which a tenn
is to be bolden, select from tho body of the peoplo
of said district thirty-nine good and lawful men
having the necessary qualifications to serve as jurors,
and make a list in writing of the names of tho per-
sons so selected, and append thereto a certificate
stating that said persons have by them been selected
to act in the aforesaid capacity, and setting forth the
court, district, and term of court for which they were
selected, which certificate shall bo signed by tho
persons making such selection and filed with saiil
clerk; whereupon said clerk shall forthwith issue a
venire, directed to said marshal or his deputy, com-
manding him to summons tho fifteen persons first
named on said list to be and appear in said court on
the first day of the term thereof (to be named in said
venire) to serve as grand jurors; also to issue a hko
venire commanding said marshal or his deputy to
summon the remaining twenty-four persons on said
list to be and appear at said term to serve as petit
jurors; and the persons so selected and summoned
shall constitute one full trand and two full petit
juries: Provided, That if all or any number of the
persons so selected and summoned shall fail to ap-
pear, shall be excused by tho court, or shall be chal-
lenged, or if for any other cause whatever it shall
become necessary, the court, both in the case of the
grand and petit jury, may order the panel to be filled
by talesmen, summoned by the marshal or his deputy
from the body of the district or from tho bystanders.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted. That if at any
special or adjourned term of the district courts of
said Territory itshall become necessary to have either
a grand or petit jury, or both, after the juries for tho
regular term have been discharged from attendance,
the presiding judgeof tho district court requiring tlio
attendance of such jury or juries may, in his discre-
tion, issue a special order requiring the marshal or
one of his deputies, and theclerk, to forthwith select
and summon a jury or juries, according to the fore-
going provisions of this act. And any judgeof tho
district courts of the said Territory of Utah is hereby
authorized and empowered to appoint, at such times
and places as he may deem expedient, as many
special terms of court in his district asin his opinion
the necessities of business may require, thirty days'
notice to be given of tho time and place of holding
such special term in some newspaper in general cir-
culation in said Territory.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted. That the said first
judicial district shall embrace the counties of Millard,
San Pete, Sevier, Piute, Beaver, Iron, Washington,
Rio Virgin, and Kane, and that tho regular terms of
the court thereof shall be held at the city of Beaver,
in said county of Beaver, commencing on the first
Monday of June in each year; that the said second
judicial district shall embrace the counties of Tooele,
Salt Lake, Utah, Wasatch, and Juab, and that the
regular terms thereof shall be held at SaltLake City,
commencing on the first Mondays of February, May,
and September in each year; that the third judicial
district shall embrace the counties of Davis, Morgan,
Summit, Box Elder, Cache, VV eber, and Rich, and that
the regular terms thereof shall be held at Corrinne,
in said county of Box Elder, and shall commence on
the first Mondays of January and June in each year,
but the time of commencing said regular terms of
said several courts may be changed by the Governor
when it shall appear to him that a different time
would accommodate the judge and the people of the
said several districts better.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted. That in criminal
cases both the prosecution and the accused shall have
the right and privilege to challenge for cause the
array and polls both of thegrand and petit jury, and
in all prosecutions for bigamy and the crimes speci-
fied in this act no person shall be competent to serve
either as grand or petit jurors who believes in, advo-
cates, or practices bigamy, concubinage, or polyg-
amy, and upon that fact appearing by examination
on voir dire or otherwise such person shall not be
permitted to serve as a juror; and in all criminal
trials each of the parties shall have the right to
challenge peremptorily six of the petit jurors.
Sec. 11. And he it further enacted,Tha.l in all prose-
cutions for bigamy, concubinage, or adultery the
lawful wife of the accused shall be a competent wit-
ness to prove both the first and subsequent marriage
or marriages of her husband, but for no other pur-
P°Sec. 12. And be it further enacted. That whereas
marriage in said Territory of Utah rests solely on the
contract of the parties, followed by cohabitation,
there being no form, manner, or ceremony pre-
scribed by tho lawsofsaid Territory for thcsolemm-
zation of this important relation in society, or re-
quiring any reformation, certificate, or publication
of the same, that in all prosecutions for bigamy, con-
cubinage, or adultery it shall not be necessary to
prove either the first or subsequent marriages, by
the registration or certificate thereof, or other re-
corded evidence, but the same may be proved by
