1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5143
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 67, nays 04, not voting
98; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Arnell, Bennett, Benton, Boles,
Boyd, Goorgo M. Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Burdctt,
Roderick R. Butler, Cessna, Churchill, Sidney Clarke,
Amasa Cobb, Coburn, Davis, Degener, Donley, Dyer,
ilia, Ferriss, Feiry,Fisher,Gilfillan, Harris,liawley,
Hays, II oil in, Hooper, Judd, Julian, Knapp, Lough-
ridgo, Maynard, McCarthy, McKec, Ehakim II.
Moore, Jesse JI. Moore. Morphis, Myers, Packard,
Paine, Palmer, Perec, Phelps, Prosscr, Roots, San-
tord, Sargent, Sawyer, Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon,
Porter Sheldon, William J. Smith, William Smyth,
Stevens, Stevenson, Stokes, Stoughton, Strickland,
Tdlma.ii, Townsend, Twichell, Wallace, Wheeler,
Whitmorc, and Williams—07.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Archer, Asper,
Ax tell, Barnum, Beatty, Beck, Bird, Blair, Buffinton,
Burchard, Burr, Cook, Conger, Crebs, Dickinson,
Dox, Finkelnburg, Getz, Griswold, Hawkins, llay,
Holiuan, J ohnson.ThomasL. Jones,Kerr, Ketchani,
Knott, Lewis, Marshall, Mayham, McCormick, Mc-
Crary, McKcnzie, McNcely, Mercur, William Moore,
Morgan,Mungcn,Orth,Packer, Peters, Poland, Ran-
dall, Rice, Rogers, Schenck, Schumaker, Scofield,
Sherrod, Shober, John A. Smith. Worthington 0.
Smith, Stiles. Sweeney, Trimble, Van Trump, Voor-
hces, Wells, Willard, Eugene M.Wilson,Winchester,
and Woodward—64.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Armstrong,
Atwood, Ayer, Bailey, Banks, Barry, Beaman, Ben-
jamin, Biggs, Bingham, Booker, Bowen, James
Brooks, Benjamin P. Butler, Cake, Calkin, William
T. Clark, Cleveland, Clinton L.jjobh, Conner, Co-
vode, Cowles, Cox, Cullom, Daffi, Dickey, Dixon,
Dockery, Duval, Eldridgc, Farnsworth, Fitch, Fox,
Garfield, Gibson, Ilaight. I-Ialdeman, Halo.Hamble-
ton.Hamill, Hamilton, Hill, Hoar, Hoge, Ilotchkiss,
Ingersoll, Jenckes, A1 exander II. Jones, Kelley, Kel -
logg, Kelsey, Lallin,Lash,Lawrence, Logan, Lynch,
McGrew, Milnes. Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel P. Mor-
rill, Morrissey, Negley, Newsham, Niblack, O'Neill,
Peck, Piatt, Pomeroy, Porter, Potter, Reeves, Ilidg-
way,Slocum. Joseph S. Smith. Starkweather, Stone,
Strader, Strong, Swann, TalTe, Tanner,Taylor,Tyner,
Upson, Van Anken, Van Horn, Van Wyck, Ward,
Oadwalader C. Wushburn,W illiamB. W ashburn.W el-
ker, Wilkinson, John T.Wilson, Winans, Witcher,
and Wood—98.
So the resolution was agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. FITCH said: On this question I am
paired With the gentleman from Oregon, Mr.
Smith, who, if he were here, would vote "no,"
while I should vote "ay."
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
Mr. STEVEN; SON. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also move that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the House
do now adjourn, because of the closeness of
the vote on this question, and because of the
thinness of the House and the importance of
the question involved.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
twenty-seven, noes not counted.
Mr. RANDALL demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered: and Mr. Randall and
Mr. Stevexsox were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 18, noes 69.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the House
lake a recess until half past seven o'clock this
evening.
Mr. ALLISON. Oh, no ; we do not want
to work Saturday night.
Mr. RANDALL. I will state distinctly that
T wish this case to be decided by a full House.
It involves the important question of the right
of representation, and whether the majority of
this House can thrust a minority man into our
midst as a Representative of the people.
Mr. STEVENSON. The chairman of the
Committee of Elections has a proposition to
make.
Mr. RANDALL. Let this case go over, so
that the vote may be taken at some fixed time
in the future.
Mr. STEVENSON. I am willing that the
vote shall be taken at three o'clock on Wednes-
day next.
Mr. RANDALL. I agree to that.
Objection was made.
Mr. STEVENSON. Then I withdraw the
motion to reconsider, and ask that Mi. Damill
be sworn in.
Mr. STILES. I move to take a recess.
Mr. CESSNA. I make the point of order
that after having been declared by a majority
of the House entitled to a seat upon this floor
the next thing in order is to swear the member
in ; not even a motion to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has repeatedly
ruled, when a member has been declared enti-
tled to his seat, and a motion made to recon-
sider, and that motion laid on the table, he
would not even then entertain a motion to
adjourn until the member was sworn in ; but
it is a well-established fact in parliamentary
law that legislation is not completed until the
exhaustive process of reconsideration is laid
on the table.
Mr. ALLISON. Cannota motion to recon-
sider be called up at any time?
The SPEAKER. It can.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was adopted ;
and I propose that the further consideration
of that motion be postponed until Wednesday
next at three o'clock p. m., when a vote is to
be taken.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the Chair will take that as the understanding
of the House.
There was no objection ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
enrolled bill.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled a bill of the following
title ; when the Speaker signed the same :
An act (II. R. No. 2106) to amend the laws
regulating the assessment of taxes in the city
of Washington.
LAND DISTRICT IX KANSAS.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, presented th<j
following report of a committee of conference:'
Tho committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 893) to
establish an additional land district in the State ot
Kansas having met, after full and free conference
have agreed to recommend, and do recommend to
their respective Houses, as follows:
That the House recede fromtheir amendment, and
that tho bill do pass.
GEORGE W. JULIAN,
SIDNEY CLARKE,
JAMES R. McCORMICK,
Managers on the part oj the House.
S. C. POMEROY,
JAMES HARLAN,
GARItETT DAVIS,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
The report of the committee of conference
was concurred in.
Mr. PAINE. I demand the regular order.
Mr. ALLISON. I ask unanimous con-
sent to refer a resolution to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. PAINE. I must demand the regular
order. Otherwise the Committee of Elections
will not have an opportunity of making any
further reports to-day.
MESSAGE I'KOII THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son", one of their clerks, announced that the
Senate had passed the bill (S. No. 103-1) to
relieve A. E. Reynolds from civil and political
disabilities, in which the concurrence of the
House was requested.
The message further annouueed that the
Senate agreed to the report of the committee
of conference on the bill (H. R. No. 1714) to
revise, consolidate, and amend the statutes
relating to patents and copyrights.
BARNES YS. ADAMS.
Mr. McCRARY. I now call up the report
of the Committee of Elections in the contested-
election case of Barnes vs. Adams.
Mr. MAY'NARD. Before the gentleman
proceeds with that case I desire to say on be-
half of the contestant that the resolutions will
be opposed. This is a case involving import-
ant principles on which gentlemen desire lo be
heard ; and 1 hope the gentleman from iowa
will not deem it his duty to prevent a fair dis-
cussion of the points involved.
Mr. McCRARY. If it be agreeable to the
House I will move the previous question at one
o'clock on Tuesday.
The SPEAKER. The resolutions of the
Committee of Elections will be reported.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That George M. Adams was duly elected
as Representative in the Forty-First Congress from
the eighth district of Kentucky, and he is entitled to
retain his seat as such.
Resolved, That Sidney M. Barnes, having con-
tested the seat of Hon. George M. Adams, as a Rep-
resentative in this House from the eighth district of
Kentucky, in good faith and with probable cause,
there shall be paid to him out of the contingent
fund of the House of Representatives the sum of 
dollars, in full for his expenses in such contest.
Mr. MAYNARD. We are now within an
hour of our ordinary time of adjournment, and
if the previous question is called on Tuesday
at the hour mentioned by the gentleman from
Iowa veiy little time will be left for the dis-
cussion of the case. I hope the gentleman
will agree to postpone calling the previous
question till three o'clock on Tuesday.
Mr. McCRARY. Thetimerequired on Tues-
day will depend very much on what time is
occupied today. But meanwhile I cannot con-
sent to postpone calling the previous question
to a later hour than that which 1 have named.
But I wish to give a fair opportunity for dis-
cussion to both sides.- The record in this case,
as the gentlemen know who have examined it,
is exceedingly voluminous. But, if the House
will give me its attention, I will present as
briefly as 1 can the material points.
Mr. DICKEY. I think the House is in no
condition to consider an election case with
barely a quorum present. And if the gentle-
man will yield to me for that purpose I will
move that the House adjourn.
Mr. PAINE. I hope not. The House under-
stands how hard a matter it is for the commit-
tee to get any time at all for these cases.
Mr. DICKEY. There is scarcely a House
here.
Mr. CULLOM. Itisnowalmostfouro'clock,
and I think we ought to adjourn.
Mr. PAINE. 1 desire to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. If the House should now
adjourn, what would be the effect on the elec-
tion case which has been reported by the gen-
tleman from Iowa, [Mr. McCrary ?]
The SPEAKER. The case would come up
as unfinished business on Tuesday.
Mr. PAINE. Then I have no objection to
an adjournment.
Mr. DICKEY. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I ask the gen-
tleman to withdraw his motion for a moment
to allow me to have a bill referred.
Mr. DICKEY. I withdraw the motion.
WILLIAM II. SCOTT.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (II. R. No. 2361)
for the relief of William H. Seott; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
COST OF LABOR AND SUBSISTENCE.
Mr. ALLISON, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
and referred, under the law, to the Committee
on Printing :
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of tho
House one thousand copies of the tables containing
the c-ost of labor and subsistence in the United States,
as turnished by the Bureau of Statistics.
DITCH AND CANAL OWNERS.
Mr. FERRISS. I submit the following re-
port from a committee of conference:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses upon the amendments of the
Senate to II. R. No. 5G2, entitled "An act to amend
an act granting tho right of way to ditch and canal
owners over (he publ ic lands, a ml for other purposes,"
having met,a iter till I luidliccconleience have agreed
(II I n Ujilliierul li.lb.'U i t iiic.'tile lltiUoi J St.-, fallows:
'1 hat thereunto j eeede lioniaiaendinentnumbored
