1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
55
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
irom Massachusetts has presented with his ordi*
nary force and clearness the argument on his
side of the question.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a question of
order. We havea rule on the subjectof debate
that preference shall be given to the member
who has taken no part in the debate before.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that the gentleman from Massachusetts has
offered an amendment to which he has spoken,
and therefore this is a new question.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will say to my
friend from Tennessee that I will yield to him
with pleasure^ after I have recited the action
of the committee in regard to the new point
raised. I will be just as content, however, to
let him go on now as at any other time.
Mr. MAYNARD. I prefer to- say what I
have to say before the gentleman from Ohio
rises, in order that 1 may hear his reply to what
has given me no little difficulty in examining
the scheme of this bill.
Something has been said in the course of
the debate of the imperfection of previous
censuses. Their results have been represented
as valueless. I do not think this representa-
tion is correct. On the contrary, I think a
great deal of the results obtained have been
very_ valuable. I think the succession shows a
continual improvement from decade to decade.
The census of 1840 was a very valuable one;
that of 1850 was still more so; that of 1860
I regard as still more valuable than its prede-
cessor. The census of 1870 ought to be, and
I trust will be, more valuable than any that
has gone before. It is one of the best features
of these censuses that what they successively
disclose to us creates a curiosity to discover
more, and to have the work carried on further
and to a higher state of perfection. That we
shall ever get a perfect census, do what we
may, I have no idea. But it is our business
to come as near to that as possible, and to
adopt that machinery which in our judgment
will best secure that result.
Hitherto the census has been taken by some
organization already in existence. The duty
has devolved on the marshals and their depu-
ties—officers who were already installed, and
•who were supposed to have a pretty large and
a pretty intimate acquaintance with the district
of country and the people among whom they
were to act. This bill proposes to appoint in
each district a superintendent for a limited
time, with a stipulated pay, and this district
superintendent is to divide his district into
what are termed enumeration districts, and to
select an enumerator for each one of these. I
need not say that upon this class of officers
depends the entire success of the plan. 1 f they
are faithful, if they are skillful, if they are
competent, then I grant that, so far as I can
see, this scheme will be likely to succeed; that
is to say, if the work of these men is properly
reported and properly reduced into tables.
But if they are not competent, if they are not
faithful, if they are not, in short, men who
know what they have to do, and men who are
willing to do it, then the whole scheme fails,
and in fact becomes much worse than a failure.
My friend from the Philadelphia district of
Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] said that we might
have some incompetent man at the head of the
census taking in some large city like this city,
or the city of New York, and then there would
be a failure with reference to such city.
I submit we had better have a whole failure
than a partial failure. We had better have the
thing entirely unsuccessful than have it merely
half done; because I need not say that in
statistics as well as in morals, and perhaps
universally, half a truth is worse than the whole
of a falsehood. Now, I submit to the gentle-
man who has taken charge of this bill, [Mr.
Garfield,] I submit to my colleague, [Mr.
Stokes,] the chairman of the committee, who
has reported it, whether they believe that for
any such sum as is proposed here as the pay
of enumerators men can be found in any con-
siderable portion of the country at all competent
for this important work. What is that com-
pensation? Four dollars a day. And for how
long ? Thirty days while employed in taking
the census, twenty days before that time while
distributing the schedules, and ten days after-
ward ; in all sixty days at four dollars a day,
or $240; and out of that they are to pay their
personal expenses, their tavern bills, and their
means of locomotion, whatever they use, as
they must use some in many of the sparsely-
settled portions of the country. Here is a
premium for men to be negligent, for men to be
careless, and to perform their work in a slight
and perfunctory manner, and they will do it. I
venture to say that if this bill passes into a law
and the census is taken under it by the aid of
such officials as proposed here, paid in the
manner thas is indicated, we will not have eighty
per cent, of any one schedule giving us popula-
tion or anything else. Make it the interest of
men to slight their work and they will do it;
it will be largely done. I trust, therefore, that
either some different mode or rate of compen-
sation will be adopted, or some different mode
of selecting the men who are to discharge this
duty.
In some respects I think well of the propo-
sition of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Butler.] Here are men in positions,
men who by the duties of their offices are com-
pelled to know not only the people within their
several localities, but to know their business,
their pursuits, and to know how they are occu-
pied and employed. It is said that they have
too much to do already. That may be so ;
that is a question which has just been suggested,
and one I confess I have not thought of suf-
ficiently to enable me to determine my own
action in regard to it.
I have sought this opportunity of presenting
my objection to this bill, which objection goes
to the general plan upon which it is proposed
to tako tho census; that is, by a body of officers
who seem to bo not only underpaid, but paid
in such a way as to offer apremium for neglect
and unfaithfulness, and may resultin giving us
such a representation of our population, re-
sources, and industries as will make every
American blush when he comes to compare it
with former censuses. I desired to present this
objection so that tho gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Gabfiei.d] might reply to it when he came to
address tho committee.
Mr. STOKES. I desire to say this in reply
to my colleague, [Mr. Maynard,] that in the
judgment of the committee good and compe-
tent men could be secured for four dollars per
day. We had numerous precedents where
censuses have been taken; in the city of New
York, for instance, where enumerators were
employed at a compensation of three dollars
per day. A census was taken in New York in
1865, and I understand it was well and satis-
factorily taken, and there were plenty of appli-
cants to perform the work.
And in addition to that I will say to my col-
league that, as he well knows to be the fact,
the members of our State Legislature receive
but four dollars per day for their services. I
have no hesitation in declaring to this commit-
tee that in my judgment there will be a plenty
of applicants for these positions at four dollars
per day. The committee considered the pro-
priety of adopting the compensation of five
dollars per day, but believing that the dispo-
sition of this House was to economize, they
finally agreed upon four dollars per day; and
in my judgment a plenty of men can be found
to discharge the duties of this position at that
rate of compensation.
Mr. JUDD. I have listened to the debate
upon this bill this morning with extreme in-
terest, and I am glad to find so general a con-
currence of views in relation to the importance
of the measure now under consideration. The
history of the past eight years shows how im-
portant accurate statistics of the wealth of the
country and of all its material resources would
have been to the legislator called upon suddenly
to devise and adopt a system of internal taxation
necessary to the preservation of the credit, and I
might say the life of the country. Want of such
information caused him to seize upon any means
of devising a revenue, and it was not so much
a question of equality in distribution as the
amount that could be obtained. To-day our
credit which has stood in the balance is im-
proving. The basis of that credit is our
national wealth ; and a full and complete ex-
hibition of that national wealth will show, not
only to the legislators who must levy the taxes
to meet our indebtedness, but also to our cred-
itors and to others, the means we have to meet
our obligations.
If the system proposed by this bill shall be
faithfully carried out Congress will have the
information to enable it to deal justly with all
the various interests, relieving those that are
oppressed by taxation and making the bur-
dens fall upon those that can most easily bear
them. The national importance of this meas-
ure being conceded by every gentleman upon
this floor, the question arises in what manner
can the facts and statistics be most accurately
and successfully gathered and spread before
the people, and before our creditors and others
interested in the welfare of this country. When
such results are sought is the question to be
made whether a few thousand dollars more or
less should be expended toproduce them ? With
a due regard to the interests of our country,
and a proper and j ust economy, we should rather
take the chance of expending a few dollars in
excess of what a strict economy might seem to
require than to jeopardize for one moment the
accuracy and thoroughness of the statistics
that are to be obtained by this enumeration
of the population and wealth of the country.
Shall we cast this burden upon officials already
overloaded with public duties, or call into ex-
istence u new organization devoted to this
especial purpose, and whose attention will
not be called off to other duties?
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] says thatwe already have in the inter-
nal revenue system the necessary machinery
for the accomplishment of this result. Yet he
concedes the force of the argument that the
tax-payer in many cases shrinks and hides from
the tax-gatherer. I desire that this objection
shall be entirely obviated, so that when we re-
ceive these returns we may rely upon them as
exhibiting truly the wealth of the country. Can
it be possible that there are so many, surplus
and idle assessors and assistant assessors now
holding office under this Administration that
these new duties can be thrown upon them ?
If it is so the sooner the Administration ad-
dresses itself to the removal of these supernu-
meraries the better for the interest of the
country. But in the district which I represent
not only the assessor but the deputy assessors
have all the work they can perform in discharge
of their regular duties. To add these additional
ones would from necessity involve an imper-
fect and incomplete execution of the law.
But the effect of the adoption of his amend-
ment on the assessors as they at present stand
is to increase the number of officers in every
district of the State for some three or four
months. Take the details of the bill and the
facts they are required to gather and you will
find that their exclusive time will be needed
to carry out the provisions of this bill within
the time prescribed.
I say, then, that I would far rather incur
additional expense, if it secured additional
accuracy, than to take the risk of having an
imperfect return.
But there is great force in the suggestion of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley,]
when he says that one of the great benefits^ to
be derived from this law will be that it will give
you the means of testing the accuracy and
honesty of the present official. I want these
returns to be made by an independent set of
