1368
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
snch evidence as is admissible to prove a marriage
in other cases, and proof of cohabitation by the ac-
cused with more than one woman as husband and
wife, his declarations and admissions that suoh
women arc his wives, his acts recognizing, acknowl-
edging. introducing, treating, or deporting himself
toward them as such, shall, unless rebutted, be suffi-
cient to sustain the prosecution.
Seo. 13. And be it further enacted, That any man in
said Territory who shall after this act goes in effect
live or cohabit with one woman or more, other than
his lawful wife, as his wife or wives, shall be
udjudged guilty of the crime of concubinage, and
upon conviction thereof shall be punished by fine
not exceeding $1,000, and by imprisonment in the
penitentiary at hard labor not exceeding five years,
and in all prosecutions for the violation of this sec-
tion the alleged concubines of the accused shall be
competent witnesses to establish or disprove the
charge: Provided, That no statement made by any
such witnesses shall be used against, admitted, or
allowed to affect them in any manner in any case
whatsoever, and an indictment charging said crime
to have been committed with more than one woman
will be sustained by proof showing the same to have
been committed with one only or more.
Sec. 14. And be it further enaeted, That the statutes
of limitations shall not bar a prosecution for any of
the crimes specified in this act, nor for the crime of
bigamy, concubinage, or adultery, hereafter com-
mitted.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, That every per-
son who commits the crime of adultery shall be pun- ;
ished by imprisonment not exceeding five years nor
less than one year, or by fine not exceeding 81,000
nor less than 5100; or by both fine and imprison-
ment, at the discretion of the court; and any viola-
tion of this section, the thirteenth section of this act,
and the act against bigamy, entitled "An act "to
punish and prevent the practice of polygamy in the
Territories of the United States and other places,
and disapproving and annulling certain acts of the
Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Utah," ap-
proved July 1, 1862, may be charged in separate counts
in the same indictment, which indictment may con-
clude, generally, against the statutes in snch cases
made and provided, and the thirty-first section of an
act of the Legislative Assembly of the Territory of
Utah, entitled "An act in relation to crimes and
punishments," approved March 6, 1832, be, and the
same is hereby, disapproved and annulled.
Sec. 16. And be it further enacted. That in all cases
or proceedings where imprisonment may be ordered,
if there be no jail or prison in which the person or
persons to be imprisoned can with safety be kept,
the court or judge may order snch person or persons
confined in any military prison or camp of the Uni-
ted States in said Territory; and the officer or person
in command of snch prison or camp is hereby author-
ized and required, on the order of the court or judge,
to receive and safely keep such person or persons
until they shall be lawfully discharged from custody.
Sec. 17. Andbeit further enacted. That, if the Uni-
ted States marshal or any of his deputies shall be
resisted or threatened with resistance, in the execu-
tion of any writ, order, process, judgment, or decree,
of any court or judge of said Territory, said marshal
or either of his deputies may, if in their judgment
assistance is necessary, apply to the commander, or
person in charge Of any military camp or post of the
United States in said Territory, or to any one having
charge of troops of the United States therein, for a
posse to aid such officer; and upon such application
being made, the commander, or person in charge of
such military camp, post, or troops, is hereby author-
ized to detail a sufficient number of men to enforce
the writ or other proeeSs, whatever it may be, which
is being or is threatened to be resisted. And said :
marshal, or either of his deputies, may make applica- i
tion for such assistance when necessary to suppress
any mob, riot, or other disturbance of the peace.
Skc. 18. And, be it further enacted. That it shall be
the duty of the Governor of said Territory, so often
as it shall appear necessary, to inspect, or cause to
be inspected, the jails and other prisons in said Ter-
ritory, and the manner persons are held, treated,
and imprisoned therein. And the Governor shall
make rules for the regulation and government of
said jaiis and prisons; and he is hereby empowered
to remove the wardens and keepers of all jails and
prisons, or other officers connected therewith, and
appointothers in theirstead, as often as in his opinion
the publie good shall require.
_ Sec. 19. And be it further enacted. That no alien
living in or practicing bigamy, polygamy, or concu-
binage shall be admitted to citizenship of the United
Slates; nor shall any person living in or practicing
bigamy, polygamy, or concubinage hold any office
of trust or profit in said Territory, vote at any elec-
tion therein, or be entitled to the benefits of ftie
homestead or preemption laws of the United States;
and the district courts of said Territory are hereby
authorized to issue writs of quo warranto, on the
information of the district attorney or other person
interested, to test the right of any one discharging
the duties of or claiming the right to any office in
said Territory; andthejudges of elections are hereby
authorized to examine under oath all persons who
may offer to vote as to their qualifications and rights
so to do. and all persons appointed or elected to office
in said Territory, before entering npon the duties of
such office and before being entitled to any salary or
other emoluments thereof,-shall take and subscribe
?ne pf the following oaths or affirmations, to wit:
I, A. B., do solemnly swear tor affirm) that I have
never voluntarily borne arms against the United
btates since I have been a citizen thereof; that I
nave voluntarily given no aid, countenance, counsel,
or encouragement to persons engaged in armed hos-
tility thereto; that Ihave neither sought nor accepted
nor attempted to exercise the functions of any office
whatever, under any authority or pretended author-
ity in hostility to the United States; that I have not
yielded a voluntary support to any pretended gov-
ernment, authority, power, or constitution within
the United States hostile or inimical thereto; (or I
do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I have been re-
lieved by an act of Congress, as provided for by the
third scction of the fourteenth article of the amend-
ments to the Constitution of the United States;) that
I am not living in or practicing bigamy, polygamy,
or concubinage, and Iwill not hereafter live in or
practice the same. And I do further swear (or affirm)
that to the best of my knowledge and ability I will
support and defend the Constitution of the United
States against all enemies, foreign and domestic;
that I will bear true faith and allegiance to the same;
that I will obey all of the laws of the United States,
and will not counscl, advise, or encourage any other
person to disobey or violate the same; that I take
this obligation freely, without any mental reserva-
tion or purpose of evasion, and that I will well and
faithfully discharge the duties of the office on which
I am about to enter: so help me God;" and said
oath when taken and subscribed shall be certified by
the officer before whom the same was taken and sub-
scribed, and said oath so certified shall forthwith bo
forwarded to the secretary of said Territory, who
shall place the same on file in his office.
Sue. 20. And be it further enacted, That in the ab-
sence, or in case of sickness or disability of any of
the judges of said Territory, or for any cause what-
ever which renders its necessary, it shall be compe-
tent for either of the judges to hold court in any of
the judicial districts of said Territory; and it is hereby
made the duty of said judges, upon the request or
direction of the executive of said Territory in writing
setting forth the reason and necessity of such request
or direction, to proceed to the district designated
and to hold the terms of court therein until such
necessity shall cease.
Sec. 21. And be it further enacted. That the probate
judges, jastices of the peace, judges of all elections,
notaries public, and all sheriffs in said Territory shall
be appointed by the Governor, be subject to removal
by him, and shall hold their offices for the term pre-
scribed by law, unless sooner removed or their suc-
cessors shall before then be appointed.
, Sec. 22. And be it further enacted. That an appeal
by any party aggrieved shall be allowed from all final
decisions, orders, judgments, or decrees of all inferior
courts in said Territory to the district court of the
district in which the proceedings before such courts
^re had, and in correction of the proceedings of such
inferior courts of said Territory, and to prevent and
correct abuses by the same, the district courts ofsaid
Territory are hereby authorized to issue' writs of
error, certiorari, mandamus, prohibition, and quo
warranto, and in all cases of appeal from one court
to another, where a bond or other security is now
required to be given by the party appealing, it shall
not be lawful to demand or exact of such party the
payment of costs adjudged or taxed against hiin until
the appeal shall be finally disposed of by the appel-
late court, and the supreme court of said Territory
may make rules and regulations as to the mode and
manner of taking and perfecting appeals from one
court to another in said Territory, and the security,
if any, to be given in such appeals, so that the just
rights of the parties may be secured and preserved.
Sec. 23. And be it further enacted, That marriages
in said Territory may be solemnized only by justices
of the supreme court, by justices of the peace duly
appointed and qualified, and by any priest or minis-
ter of the gospel regularly ofdained and settled or
established as suchin said Territory,* between parties
competent to enter intothe marriage contract. Mar-
riage in said Territory is hereby declared to be a
civil contract, to which the consent of parties, capa-
ble in law of contracting, is essential. No man, a
resident of said Territory, shall marry his mother,
his grandmother, daughter, granddaughter, step-
mother, grandfather's wife, son's wife, grandson's
wife,wife's mother .wife's grandmother,wife's daugh-
ter, wife's granddaughter, nor his sister, his half-
sister, brother's daughter, father's sister, or mother's
sister. No woman shall marry her father, grand-
father, son, grandson, stepfather, grandmother's
husband, daughter's husband, granddaughter's bus-
band, husband's father, husband's grandfather, hus-
band's son, husband's grandson,nor herbrother,half-
brother, brother's son, sister's son, father's brother,
or mother's brother. No marriage shall be contracted
while eitherof the parties has a former wife or hus-
band living in the United States or elsewhere, unless
the marriage with such former wife or husband shall
have been legally dissolved. All persons within the
degrees of consanguinity within which marri ages are
herein prohibited to residents of said Territory, and
hereby declared to be incestuous and void, who shall
intermarry with each other, or who shall commit
adultery or fornication with each other, shall be
punished by imprisonment at hard labor in the pen-
itentiary of the Territory not more than twenty years,
and be fined not more than $1,000.
Sec. 24. And be it further enacted, That in all cases
of election by ballot it shall bo unlawful for any
person to put any number, figure, or device upon
such ballot whereby any person may be enabled to
ascertain by whom the ballot was given; and any
violation or attempt to violate this provision shall bo
deemed and taken to be a crime, and upon conviction
thereof the person so offending may be punished by
fine not exceeding 1500. or by imprisonment in the
penitentiary not exceeding one year, or by both fine
and imprisonment, at the discretion of the court.
And at all elections none but male citizens of the
United States over twenty-one years of age, residing 1
in the precinct or election district, and not disqual-
ified by conviction of crime by any of the provisions
of this act or otherwise, shall be competent voters.
Sec. 25. Awl be it further enacted. That the probate
courts in their respective counties in said Territory
are hereby authorized to hear, try, and determine
civil causes wherein the debt or damages claimed
does not exceed 8500, and in criminal matters may
exercise jurisdiction as committing magistrates, and
the twenty-ninth section of an act of the territorial
Legislature of U tah conferring general and unlimited
jurisdiction on the probate courts both in civil and
criminal cases entitled "An act in relation to the
judiciary," approved January^lO, 1852;" also, the
secondsection of an act entitled "Anactfor the regu-
lation of attorneys," approved February 18,1852; and
also an act entitled "An act containing provisions
applicable to the laws of the Territory of Utah,"
approved January 14,1854, be, and the same are
hereby, disapproved and repealed.
Sec. 26. And be it further enacted. That in all cases
in which the marshal of said Territory is a party to
the suit or in any way interested or otherwise dis-
qualified to act the court shall appoint some one to
act as marshal therein.
Sec.27. Andbeit further enacted. That the district
courts of said Territory shall have exclusive original
jurisdiction in all suits for divorces or alimony.
Sec. 28. And bmit further enacted. That all laws and
parts of laws of Utah Territory which in any way
interfere with the primary disposal ot'the soil.orthe
possession thereof, of the United States, are hereby
disapproved and annulled.
Sec.29. And be it further enacted. That if any per-
son not qualified to vote shall vote, or offer to vote,
at any election, or if any qualified voter shall cast,
or offer to cast, at any election more than one vote
for the same officer or officers, he shall bo deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall, upon conviction
thereof before any courthaving jurisdiction, be pun-
ished by aline not exceeding $500, or by imprisoninen t
in the penitentiary not exceeding one year, or by
both such fine and imprisonment, at the discretion
of the court.
Sec. 30. And be it further enacted, That upon com-
plaint made in writing, upon the oath of some person
of full age, to a district or probate court of the said
Territory, or to a judge of either of said courts, that
any person has been convicted before a court of said
Territory having jurisdiction thereof, of the crime
of bigamy, polygamy, or of any adulterous or incest-
uous marriage, connection, or relationship forbidden
by this act,or any other law of the United States;
and that such convicted person has a wife or chil-
dren, whether such children be legitimate or not,or,
woman or women, or concubine or concubines, with
whom he has lived or cohabited, or claims as wife or
wives, dependent in whole or in part upon said per-
son so convicted for maintenance or support; and
that such convicted person has property, real or per-
sonal, or both, giving the value thereof as near as
the affiant can estimate, and where the same is sit-
uated. Said court or judge, upon the reception of
said complaint, shall, by order, refer the matter con-
tained in said complaint to some competent officer
of either of said courts, or some competent attorney
of said courts duly licensed to practice therein, to
take proof of the matter set forth in the said com-
plaint, and report to the judge or court making the
order the facts found by said referee. The Baid
referee before entering upon the duties thus assigned
him shall make, subscribe, and swear to an oath
in writing that he will in all things faithfully dis-
charge his duty and make true report as said ref-
eree, whicb oath shall be appended to hi3 report
to the court or judge. That said referee shall cause
notice in writing of not less than ten or more than
twenty days to be served upon the person or per-
sons having possession of the property, real or per-
sonal, of the person so convicted (if any person or
persons has such custody or possession) prior to the
day of the reference, fixing the time and place of
such reference, and stating the object thereof. That
instead of referring the matter as herein directed,
the court or judge may hear the matter and give the
notice aforesaid. That before the court, or judge,
or referee, as the notice shall direct, the party com-
plaining may appear in person or by attorney and
give proof to establish the fact set forth in the com-
plaint, and the person convicted may appear by
attorney or said referee, or the person in posses-
sion of the property aforesaid, upon whom said notioe
is served, can also appear in person or by attorney,
and contest and give evidence tending to disprove
the facts set forth in the complaint, and the wives,
concubines, or persons with whom the person con-
victed cohabited as aforesaid shall be competent
witnesses to establish the matter set forth in the
complaint, and it shall not be necessary to prove
any marriage of the person convicted, by regis-
tration, certificate, or other recorded evidence, and
marriage can be proved in the same manner as
is permitted by the thirteenth section of this act
in prosecutions for bigamy. That if upon such hear-
ing by the court or judge, or upon the report of a
referee, the court or judge shall lind and adjudge that
the facts stated in the said complaint are true the
court or judge shall have power, and is directed from
time to time, to order the sale of so much of the per-
sonal property aforesaid as shall be needed for the
support and maintenance of the wife, concubines,
and children aforesaid, until such time when sucn
persons can procure labor or means to support them-
selves ; and when the personal property i3 exhausted,
or in default thereof, the said court or judge shall in
like manner order the sale of the real estate, lhat
snch gale shall be by public auction, in the day time,
and upon due notice; in ease of personal estate, ten
days, and of real estate, thirty days. That the cniei
