5144
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 4,
1, -with an amendment, as follows: insert after tlie
word "claims," in line two, page 2 of the bill, the
following words: "of any size, although such claims
may be less than ten acres eachand the House of
Ronresentatives agree to tho same.
That the Senate recede from amendment num-
bered 2.
That the Senate recede from amendmcntnumbered
3, with ail amendment, as follows: insert after the
word " persons," in line six, page 2 of the bill, tho
following words: "which location shall conform to
the United States surveys;" and the House of Rep-
resentatives agree to the same.
That the House of Representatives recede from
amendment numbered 4, and agrco to the same.
That the Senate recede from amendment numbered
5. with an amendment substituting the following m
lieu of the matter stricken out:
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That ail ex parte
affidavits required to be made under this act, or the
act of which it is amendatory, may be vorified before
any officer authorized to administer oaths within the
land district whore tho claims may be situated.
And the llouso of Representatives agree to the
same.
That theSenate recede from amendment numbered
6, and ngreo to section sixteen, with the following
amendment: "And provided further, That nothing
herein contained shall requiro the survey of waste
or useless lands;" and tho House of Representatives
agree to the same.
That tho Ilouse of Representatives recede from it3
disagreement to the amendment numbered 7, and
agroo to tho same.
ORANGE FERRISS,
A. A. SARGENT,
JAMES A.JOIINSON,
Managers on the part of the Ilouse.
WILLIAM M. STEWART,
E. GASSERLY,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 move that the House do
now adjourn; and my object is that this report
may appear in the Globe before we are called
to vote upon it on Tuesday morning. This is
a very important bill, and the House ought to
understand it thoroughly. I understand, how-
ever, that some gentlemen desire to have bills
referred, and I will waive my motion for that
purpose.
PENSIONS.
Mr. PROSSER. I desire to withdraw my
objection to the reference of Senate bill No.
839.
No further objection being made, the bill (S.
No. 839) amending the act entitled "An act to
grant pensions," approved July 14, 1802, was
taken from the Speaker's table, read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
A. E. REYNOLDS.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 1034)
to relieve A. ill. Reynolds from civil and polit-
ical disabilities was taken from the Speaker's
table, read a first and second time, and referred
to the select Committee on Reconstruction.
WITHDRAWAL OK PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. HAWLEY, by unanimous
consent, leave was grunted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers in the
case of Sarah L. Goodrich.
RAILROAD GRANT.
Mr. FITCH. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce, for the purpose of reference to the
Committee on the Public Lands and that it
may be printed, a bill granting lands to aid in
the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line from tho Central Pacific railroad, in the
State of Nevada, to the city of Hamilton, in
the State of Nevada.
Mr. RANDALL. I object to that.
LEAVE TO PRINT.
Mr. JULIAN asked and obtained leave to
print in the Globe some remarks in regard to
the bill-in relation to the Yosemite valley. [See
Appendix.]
Mr. SARGENT was granted leave to have
printed in the Globe some remarks he had pre-
pared on the subject of the seal fisheries in
Alaska. [See Appendix.]
RECONSIDERATION.
Mr. DfOKEY moved to reconsider the sev-
eral votes by which bills. &c., had been referred;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
Tho latter motion was agreed to.
UNEXPENDED BALANCES IN TREASURY.
Mr. BECK, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and h e is hereby, directed to furnish this House, as
soon as practicable, with a full statement of the un-
expended balances remaining in tho Treasury, or in
the hands of the Treasurer as agent of tho War or
Na.vy Department, or to the credit of each of the
branches of said Departments of the Government,
on the 1st day of July, 1870, estimating as accuratcly
as possible the sum which will be required to defray
the expenses of the fiscal year just closed, and show-
ing also the whole amount which ho estimates will
he subject to the disposition of Congress lor theyear
1870-71.
Mr. BECK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider bo laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. DICKEY. I now renew the motion that
the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at three o'clock and fifty minutes p. jn.) the
House adjourned till eleven o'clock a. m. on
Tuesday next.
IN SENATE.
Monday, July 4, 1870.
The Senate met at eleven o'clock a. m.
The Chaplain, Rev. J. P. Newman, D. D.,
offered the following prayer :
God of our fathers, on this memorable day
we recall the past of our nation with joy and
gladness. We thank Thee for those heroic
men whom gold could not corrupt, nor foreign
power subdue. Upon the field and in the
council Thou didst pour Thy blessing upon
them and enable them to construct a Govern-
'ment which is our blessing, and which will be
a benefaction to all mankind. We thank Thee,
gracious God, for those great principles and
civil and religious rights which we enjoy as
coming from our fathers; and we pray Thee
that we shall have wisdom and strength to
preserve them and transmit them to the latest
generations of time. 0 God, on this day we
rejoice in the advancement of knowledge and
virtue, and especially in the enjoyment of polit-
ical rights by all our people. Smile graciously
upon our nation, upon the chief officers of the
Government, upon the legislators here assem-
bled, upon all our people; and grant that no
event shall occur to interrupt the advancement
of our nation in power and glory and virtue
and intelligence; but may wo advance until
all other Governments are molded into the
interests of liberty, and all men are redeemed
from the thralldom of oppression and elevated
to the rights of a redeemed manhood. And
unto Thy blessed name, the Lord God of our
fathers, shall be praises fo-ever. Amen.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate
will come to order.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, I move that the
reading of the Journal of Saturday be dis-
pensed with, and that, the Senate proceed to the
consideration of Senate bill No. 401.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Nevada asks unanimous consent to
dispense with the reading of the Journal of
Saturday.
Mr. DAVIS. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Jour-
nal of Saturday's proceedings will be read.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, before
that is done I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. POMEIiQY. I call for the yeas and
nays on the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.-
Mr. PRATT. I should like to be allowed
to transact some morning business before the
motion to adjourn is made.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No; we may as well
adjourn at once. We shall do nothing to-day.
Several Senators addressed the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion is that the Senate do now adjourn. The
motion is not debatable.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 20; as follows :
YEAS —Messrs. Bayard. Boreman, Brownlow,
Chandler, Cragin, Davis, Fenton, Fowler, Harlan,
Howell, Johnston, McCreery, Itainsey, Seott, Silen-
cer, Stockton, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, and Vick-
ers—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Conkling, Drake, Gil-
bert, Hamlin, Harris, Kellogg, Morrill of Vermont,
Morton, Nye, Pomeroy, Pratt, Rice, Ross, Sherman,
Stewart, Thayer. Willey, "Williams, and Wilson—20.
ABSENT —Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Buckingham,
Cameron, Carpenter, Casserly, Cattell, Cole, Corbett,
Edmunds, Ferry, Flanagan, Hamilton of Maryland.
Hamilton of Texas, Howard, Howe, Lewis, McDon-
ald, Morrill of Maine, Norton, Osborn, Patterson,
Pool, Revels, Robertson, Saulsbury, Sawyer. Sohurz,
Sprague, Sumner, Warner, and Yates—32.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Jour-
nal of Saturday will be read.
Mr. JOHNSTON. Mr. President 
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the reading
of the Journal be dispensed with.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
has already been made to dispensing with the
reading of the Journal.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of Saturday lasfe
Mr. NYE. Tmove to dispense with the fur-
ther reading of the minutes. I am authorized
by the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] to
say that he will not continue his objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
objection to dispensing with the further read-
ing of the Journal? The Chair hears none.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. NYE. I move to take tip Senate bill
No. 401.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us go on with the
regular order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Nevada moves to proceed to the con-
sideration of the bill indicated by him.
Mr. PRATT. I object.
The PRESI DENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the morning business has prece-
dence.
Mr. NYE. If I am allowed to get up the
bill I will give way to the morning business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
is made. The Chair, under the twenty-fourth
rule, will first lay before the Senate messages
oil his table from the House of Representa-
tives.
II IN TON ItOWAN HELPER.
The amendment of the House of Representa-
tives to the bill (S. No. 789) to authorize the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury to
settle and close the accounts of Hinton Rowan
Helper, was read; being to add the following
proviso to the bill:
And provided further. That the whole amount of
compensation to said consul lor salary, for rent, and
for clerk hire shall not exceed the sum of $3,000 per
annum.
Mr. SPENCER. I move that the Senate
concur in the amendment of the Ilouse of
Representatives.
The motion was agreed to.
house 1sills referred.
The following bills were severally read twice
by their titles, and referred to the Committee
on Patents:
A bill (II. R. No. 2SC0) for the relief of
Aruton Smith ; and
A bill (II. R. No. 2358) for the relief of
the widow and heirs of Thomas \Y. Harvey,
deceased.
The bill (H. R. No. 06) to forbid the con-
veyance of Indian reservations by treaty to any
other grantee than the United States was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs.
The bill (II. R. No. 303) amendatory of sin
act, entitled "An act to secure homesteads to
actual settlers on the public domain'' was read
twice by its title.
Mr. POMEROY'. I should like to have that
bill lie on the table so that it may be examined.
