1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2313
Mr. CARPENTER. Notwithouttheinten-
tion of removing, forty years hence.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Whereas the
Senator from New York commits himself to
the doctrine that a man must have an affirma-
tive intent never to remove, I say the doctrine
is that if he abides anywhere it is only neces-
sary for him to say, " I have no present pur-
pose of removing.'''
Mr. CARPENTER. At any time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. And that is the
difference between an affirmative and a nega-
tive proposition. It is only necessary that he
should be in the attitude of saying, "I am
here; I have been here two years ; 1 am dwell-
ing here ; I have no present purpose of remov-
ing;" and that ends his case.
Mr. CARPENTER. Purpose of ever re-
moving.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not think
the honorable Senator modifies the matter by
saying "ever."
Air. C ASSERLY. Allow me to ask the Sen-
ator from Maine whether that rule will apply
to the case of a man who intended to remove,
not at present, but in a year? Would not his
doetrine apply to that case?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Unquestionably.
Ames living, or to use the technical expression
of the law, dwelling in Mississippi, with no
present intention of removing, if that was the
fact when he was elected, that is enough. He
says " I have been here two years now ; I con-
template an election to the Senate of the Uni-
ted States now; I have no present intention
of dwelling outside of this State.' That fixes
his domicile there, and it is not necessary that
he should have had an affirmative intent be-
yond that point.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will the Senator allow
me now to get at the precise point, because we
want to understand each other?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. Do I understand the
Senator from Maine to maintain that if he
should start to-day from Maine and go down to
Mississippi with the intention of remaining
there just three years and then returning to his
home in Maine, if he should take his family
with him, if he should buy him a house, and
employ servants, intending to remaiu there dur-
ing this three years, aud he then returned to
Maine, I ask whether he, the first year he was
in Mississippi would be domiciled there, and a
resident there, and an inhabitant there in the
lea-al sense of the term ?
"Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, sir, I say not,
clearly; but I say that ease has no parallel at
all in this. There is the animus revertendi in
that case which is not here. Now look at the
facts of this case. What is the history of this
young man? He was born in Maine. He was
emancipated by his father wnen he went to the
Military Academy. So far as the facts, which
are brief, are reported, he had no intention
whatever of returning to Maine. So far as the
residence of his family was concerned, they
left Maine in 1862, taking away whatever arti-
cles belonged to the young man, and he has
never returned to Maine with the intention of
remaining there a single day. His former resi-
dence there is therefore abandoned; he is not an
inhabitant of Maine, and has not been since
1862, to say the least.
Now, adopting my doctrine, the American
doctrine, that it is a legal impossibility that any
man should be without a habitation, where was
this man's habitation? Why, sir, where he had
dwelt for the last two years; where he had had
his home for the last two years. The law comes
in and assigns to him an inhabitancy, and yet
it is said here that he lacked the moral free
will to establish a home. I have already argued
and shown that that position has no counte-
nance whatever in principles of American law,
or in the sense of the law ; and then comes in
the only doctrine on which this report rests at
all, and that is that he cannot have had this
residence because his intention to stay there
was not permanent. I have already shown
that all that the law in such case requires is
that he should be where he is with no present
intention of removing. That is this case.
Mr. THURMAN obtained the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the resolution reported by the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator from Dela-
ware [Mr. Bayard] is ready to go on with his
remarks, and 1 give way to him.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Allow me a
moment more.
Mr. BAYARD. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I had intended
to present a document in response to a remark
which fell from the Senator from Maryland. I
am not sure that I am right about that—per-
haps it was the Senator from Kentucky, that
Mr. Ames was sent here by the Legislature of
Mississippi in such a way as to be its master
in the sense in which his slave would recog-
nize him in olden times as his master.
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir; I did not make that
proposition, but I will stale the proposition I
did make. I said this, that General Ames was
in Mississippi the military master and that the
Legislature of that State was subordinate to
and obedient to his command in the matter of
elections.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is what I
meant to convey, but I was unfortunate in my
language. The honorable Senator, however,
is so clear in his statement that it is no fault
on his part that I misunderstood him. But I
have a paper to present to combat that idea
and show that this man is here by the volun-
tary suffrage of the Legislature of Mississippi.
Now that he is away from Mississippi; now
that he no longer commands armies; now that
he no longer commands obedience ; now that
he is suspended by the action of the Senate;
now that it has gone out that the Committee
on the Judiciary have reported against this
man as ineligible, I send to the Chair the vol-
untary testimony of the Legislature, now that
this man is no longer a general, t.o show you
that General Ames, for what he has done in
Mississippi, is in the heart of hearts of that
people, and under all these circumstances,
they have sent to him a record of their testi-
mony which shows that my honorable friend
from Kentucky is greatly mistaken as to Sen-
ator Ames, and as to the constituencyand the
temper of the constituency who sent him here.
I present the paper which I send to the Chair,
and ask that it be read.
Mr. DAVIS. I will interrupt the honor-
able Senator for a moment, with bis permis-
sion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. I did not intend to say that
General Ames was the personal and the only
master of that Legislature. It was his position
in the military command there that made him
their master and that Legislature his slaves;
and that condition exists now as essentially
and as strongly in relation to that Legislature
and other military commanders as it did in re-
lation to that Legislature of General Ames
when he was the commander. And I say now
that my belief is that the paramount master in
that matter of electing General Ames was the
President of the United States, and that Gen-
eral Ames was only his subordinate, a military
commander insubordination to him, executing
his behests and his will.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. As to all the
first part of the Senator's observations I can
understand very readily that the honorable
Senator did not intend to attribute anything
personally offensive to Senator Ames, but as
to the latter branch, that his power still remains
in Mississippi, I cannot understand that. He is
no longer a military officer.
Mr. DAVIS. The honorable Senator has
not that clearness of apprehension which is
usually so characteristic of him. I do not say
that there is any remnant of General Ames's
power remaining in Mississippi; but I say that
the same military power, the thing that existed
when he was elected there, still exists and
controls and subordinates that Legislature as
it did when he was elected. The thing is there;
it is represented by other men, and it emanates
from and is reflected from the Commander-in-
Chief of the armies of the United States.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Well, but the
Senator forgets altogether the historical fact
that the military are not there. The thing is
not there. The State has beea admitted to
her sovereign relations.
Mr. DAVIS. Is not the power of the Com-
mander-in-Chief there?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Not any more
than in Kentucky, and by the grace of God my
honorable friend comes here in spite of the
President. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir, and I trust that that
grace of God will exist forever. [Laughter.]
But I say that that grace of God does not exist
in relation to Mississippi. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. On what author-
ity, I ask the honorable Senator, does he say
that the independence which the people of
Kentucky exercise does not exist in Missis-
sippi ?
Mr. DAVIS. Because we tiave had the
most palpable, repeated, and^ humiliating evi-
dences of the enslaved condition to the mili-
tary power, not only of the people of Missis-
sippi, but of the people of all the southern
States that were in rebellion:
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Does my hon-
orable friend remember—if he does not I do—
how often during the great struggle of the re-
bellion he and his colleague arose on this
floor to say the same things of the military
power in regard to his own State?
Mr. DAVIS. I will make this further ex-
planation: when the military power was there
present in its strength it did tyrannize over
Kentucky and trample under foot her consti-
tution, her laws, and the liberties of her peo-
ple, as it did everywhere where it was present.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. And yet, Mr.
President, since the rebellion is over, both
in Kentucky and in Mississippi the laws are
supreme again.
Mr. DAVIS. The law of arms: the Army
is supreme in Mississippi-
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. There is no
military force there now to overawe anybody,
and the Legislature of Mississippi is as free to
act as the Legislature of any other State.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Will the honorable
Senator allow me to make a suggestion ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Certainly.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I think we have seen
some illustration of the power of the President
and of Congress over these southern States in
the case of Georgia, which has been recon-
structed some three times; Mississippi once.
Suppose the Legislature of Mississippi dis-
pleases the Federal Congress by not returning
General Ames, there is a reconstructing rod
held over it ready to be applied.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. And that would
aoply equally well to Delaware. [Laughter.]
* Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, I know
it is SO asserted, and if Delaware had the
ical force to hurl yon and every man who would
attempt such a thing from her borders you
would never dare to attempt it, even m Dela-
ware. T, , ,
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope the day
is far distant when the nation will array itselt
against Delaware. [Laughter.]
Mr, DRAKE. Or Delaware array itselt
against the nation. [Laughter.]
Mr. SAULSBURY. The time has never
been when the State of Delaware, oi a y
thority or any person attempting to
authority under its government, TO3d .tself
against the Federal Government, hut yet this
rrpat Government has arrayed itseil against
the State of Delaware, and X myself, although
