2314
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
a Senator in the Congress of the United States,
have been denied the privilege of voting in the
town in which I live when you sent your mil-
itary and put a governor over us and sent a
member to. Congress against the will of that
State* The power of the Federal Government
which you say you hope may never be exer-
cised against the State of Delaware has in the
past been so exercised. It showed your mag-
nanimity, while I admit it showed only the
weakness of the State of Delaware!
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask that the
paper be read which I have presented.
The Secretary read as follows :
A joint resolution to facilitate the admission of our
Senators in Congress.
Whereas this Legislature, assombled under the re-
submission acts of Congress on the 18th day of Jan-
uary, 1870, that being tue time fixed by the laws of
the United States for the election of Senatorsin Con-
gress, by a majority of the votes of each house sep-
arately east, as required by law, did elect James L.
Alcorn a Senator in Congress for the fuli term com-
mencing on the 4th day of March, 1871, and Adelbert
Ames for the unexpired term commencing on the
4th day of March, 1869: and whereas on the 20th day
of January, 1870, this Legislature assembled in joint
convention, the two houses having balloted sep-
arately on the day appointed by law and failed to
elect, did elect Hiram R. Revels a Senator in Con-
gress for the unexpired term ending on the 4th day
of March, 1871, by a majority of all the votes of the
two bouses; and whereas Adelbert Ames has not
been admitted to bis seat in the Senate of tho United
States, to which he was elected as aforesaid : There-
fore.
Be it rcxolved by the Legislature of the State of Mis-
sissippi, That it is the solemn judgment of this body
that all of said elections of Senators in Congress were
regular and lecral, and tho samo are hereby so ex-
pressly declared.
Jtesolved, That the immediate admission of Adel-
bert Ames to his sent in the Senate of the United
States, to which he was clected as aforesaid, is earn-
estly desired by this Legislature.
Jtesolved, That the Governor be requested to for-
ward a copy of these resolutions and preamble to
the President of the United States, with a request
that they be laid before the Senate, and that copies
of the samo bo furnished our Senator now seated,
and Representatives in Congress.
Approved March 24,1870.
I, James Lynch, secretary of State, do hereby cer-
tify that tho above and foregoing is a true and cor-
rect copy of tho original now on tile in this office.
Given under my hand, and the great seal of the
r, a State of Mississippi hereunto affixed, this
,L- S'J 25tli day of Mareli, 1870.
JAMBS LYNCH.
Secretary of State.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator from Del-
aware [Mr. Bayaiid] prefers to speak in the
morning, and, with his consent, I will occupy a
few moments now.
■ Sir, I am painfully impressed with the idea
that further argument of this question is wholly
unnecessary and merely a waste of time. The
Senator from Maryland [Mr. Vickeus] this
morning delivered a most carefully prepared
argument. How many seats in the Senate
were filled while that argument was being
spoken? Not one half of them. How many
of the occupants of those seats that were filled
paid attention to that carefully prepared argu-
ment? Not half of them ; and why not? Be-
cause the argument was wanting in ability?
No man who listened to it will say so. Because
it was wanting in learning? No lawyer will
dare affirm it. Because the Senator from
Maryland does not command the respect and
affection of his fellow-Senators? No one will
say that; for there is no Senator on this floor
who is more respected or for whom there is a
more affectionate regard.
Why, then, is it that of the seventy members
of the Senate not a dozen paid attention to one
of the best legal arguments that has been offered
since this debate began? I can account for
it on no other principle than this: that the dom-
inant majority in this body have determined to
admit the claimant and want no further argu-
ment upon the subject. It is true it is a merely
legal question. It is true it is a question in
which even party eaunot enter; because it is
admitted on all hands, and the paper just read
shows it, that if you vindicate the Constitution
and hold that General Ames was not eligible
to election at the time he was elected, he has
only to return to Mississippi to become an in-
habitant there, and to be returned to the Senate
of the United States much more creditably to
him, much more honorably to his character, in
a manner much more calculated to give him
influence in this body and in the country than
it is for him to take his seat under the election
that has taken place.'
And yet upon this merely legal question,
involving nothing in the world but a legal ques-
tion upon admitted facts, facts about which
there can be no controversy, and without any-
thing to gain for party or for the country, I
think it is pretty well settled that the report
of your law committee, that committee ap-
pointed to consider questions of law, every
member of which but one is a member of the
dominant party iu the Senate, will again be
set aside, and thus afford another example of
how utterly useless, how worse than useless, I
was almost going to say how contemptible, has
become that committee which you have charged
with tho investigation of the law.
But, sir, some things have been said here
this afternoon in reply to which I will trouble
the Senate to listen to me for a few moments.
I shall not be long. In the first place, my
friend from Maine, who has addressed the
Senate with so much fervor, and whose ability
is so well known and so much respected, will
allow me lo say that I am an older lawyer than
he, as I believe 1 am an older man, and I was
never more astonished than I was to hear him
with so much positivene.^s, with so absolute a
manner, declare principles that I had supposed
no tyro of tho law would even assert.
What is tho first thing that he asserts with
so much confidence? That such a thing as a
man in the United States, a citizen of tho Uni-
ted Slates without an inhabitancy is a legal
impossibility. IF I did not misunderstand him
that was his oft-reiterated assertion, that such
a thing as a citizen of the United States with-
out an inhabitancy was a legal impossibility.
He nods assent to it. [ take issue with him
out and out. What does "inhabitancy" mean?
Does "inhabitancy" mean mere residence?
No, sir; it is a stronger word and was put into
this very clause of the Constitution in prefer-
ence to the word "resident," because it was a
stronger word. Does it mean mere temporary
physical presence in a place? Is every guest
at one of the hotels of this city an inhabitant
of Washington city because he is temporarily
here ? Does it require any argument to show
that that is not the case? Inhabitancy, then, is
something more than physical presence in a
locality ; inhabitancy is something more than
mere residence in a locality. Inhabitancy is
residence in a locality with the animus manendi,
the intention to make that your permanent
abode.
Now, can there not be a citizen of the Uni-
ted States who has no such inhabitancy as
that ? 1 should like to know why it cannot be.
I put tho case the other day of a person com-
ing here from abroad and never acquiring an
inhabitancy in any State of the Union, and
yet remaining in the Union five years and be-
coming naturalized, having utterly abandoned
his foreign residence, with no intention ever to
return to it. Then he is no longer domiciled
in the foreign country; then he is no longer
an inhabitant of a foreign country; then he is
no longer even a citizen of a foreign country ;
and he never has becomc an inhabitant of any
State in this Union, though he has been in the
Union all the time.
I will take another case. You had during the
war, I believe, a law that an alien who enlisted
in the Army and served out the term of his en-
listment was entitled immediately to natural-
ization. I think lam right in that. Very well.
Take the case of a man who landed on your
shores, who enlisted in the Army of the United
States, who was sent to the front, was under
marching orders for the whole three years of
his enlistment, and the very day he was mus-
tered out of service, without having the slight-
est idea in the world as to what place should
be his residence in the United States, became
naturalized and became a citizen of the United
States. Is not there a citizen of the United
States who has no inhabitancy ? I should like
my friend from Maine to answer that question.
What, then, does he mean by saying that it is
a legal impossibility for a citizen of the United
States to have no inhabitancy? I might go on
and take up the time of the Senate for half an
hour with other cases ; but one is as good as a
thousand.
But the Senator from New York [Mr. Conk-
mxg] who opened this debate, making the re-
port from the committee and stating the ground
upon which it was made, said that in order to
be an inhabitant within the meaning of the
Constitution the person must be a voluntary
inhabitant. What was the Senator from New
York speaking about? He was speaking about
that inhabitancy which qualified a man to be a
Senator of the United States. He was speak-
ing about the inhabitancy of a man who must
have been nine years a citizen of the United
States, and must be thirty years old. That
was the man he was speaking of; that was the
subject of his remarks; and in regard to such
a man lie said that the inhabitancy of that
man must be a voluntary inhabitancy. How
does my friend from Maine answer that? He
says that there may be inhabitancy that is not
voluntary, and he speaks of the domicile of
origin. Who ever denied that proposition?
Then ho puts other cases of the inhabitancy
of a Jane covert, the inhabitancy of an indent-
ured apprentice, the inhabitancy of a minor.
Let me say to my friend that each one of those
eases makes directly against him. I cited those
cases the other day to show that such persons
could not acquire by their own voluntary act
a domicile. Why not? Because they were
sub poteslale altcrius, each one of them, and
therefore could not. How is it that tho law
treats such a subject as that? Not simply for
that reason, but because the law imputes to the
person who is subpotestate alterius the will of
the dominant power. The law imputes to the
wife the will of the husband ; to the minor the
will of the father; to the apprentice the will
of the master; and what is voluntary in the
husband, voluntary in the parent, voluntary in
the master, in contemplation of law is vol-
untary in tho wife, the child, and the servant;
and precisely upon the same principle what is
voluntary on the part of the Government is
deemed to be voluntary on the part of the offi-
cer who acts in obedience to the order of the
superior.
So, when the Government here commands
its officer to go to a certain place and there to
remain, he cannot say when he is thus com-
pelled by Iiis superior to do that thing that that
thing is done by his voluntary act. And why
not ? Because yon never can prove that it was
done by his voluntary act; it is utterly inca-
pable of proof. You might just as well assert
that if a man is imprisoned m the penitentiary
of a State he can say, "I am a voluntary inhab-
itant of the penitentiary." How can he say
that he is a voluntary inhabitant of the peni-
tentiary? It is utterly incapable of proof.
The Government has put him there and tho
Government will keep him there, whether he
wishes to stay or whether he wishes to go, and
therefore it is an utter impossibility that he can
prove that he was a voluntary inhabitant of
that place while he is kept under duress. And
so it is with an officer of the Army.
Let me put a case to my friend from Maine.
He says an officer of the Army can gain a
dwelling as a matter of course, although he is
under actual orders. Suppose the Govern-
ment sent General Ames to Fort La Payette
and ordered him never to leave Port La Fayette
until the Government gave him orders to do
it, to confine himself within the walls of that
fortress ; or suppose it sent him to Fort Cal-
houn, right in the middle of the stream at
Hampton Roads, upon the mere Rip Eaps
foundation built by the Government, without
