58
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9,
of great labor and judgment, and is as near
perfect in my opinion as anything coming from
the hands of poor mortals can be. I can only
say in conclusion that I hope the amendment
of the gentleman from Massachusetts will not
prevail.
Mr. JENOKES. Mr. Chairman, it seems
to me that there is something of value in each
of the propositions before the House, and in
the remarks I have to make I will endeavor to
show you what is valuable in each and which
may still be preserved with the system recog-
nized by the committee.
In the first place it is necessary to see what
we are undertaking to do. The Constitution
merely requires the enumeration of the people
once in ten years for two purposes; one for the
purpose of apportioning representation, and
another of direct taxation. It does not require
the collection of statistics or statistical inform-
ation for any purpose whatever; but it has
been found advisable in the growth of this coun-
try to incorporate into the bills for taking the
census provisions for obtaining statistical in-
formation. Heretofore the Government has
relied on the machinery already in existence
for taking the enumeration. They have had in
each district a marshal of the United States
with unlimited power to appoint an unlimited
number of deputies. They have utilized this
machinery in each district, and they have
obtained with approximate accuracy the enu-
meration of the people provided for by the Con-
stitution. It is equally true that the attempt to
obtain statistical information, whether in the
census of 1840, 1850, or 1860, has signally
failed in a great many respects, and failed be-
cause of the deficiency of the machinery, and
not because the people were unwilling to fur-
nish information, although there may be many
questions to which answers were refused. In
the great body of the people there has never
been any resistance or unwillingness to give
all the information the Government required.
Now this bill proposes to establish a new ma-
chinery for this purpose, independent of the
Attorney General's ofiice, under which the mar-
shals in many respects come, and independent
of the Treasury Department, under which the
officers of the Internal Revenue Bureau are.
I agree with the arguments proposed by the
committee in favor of having an independent
staff of officers. This will undoubtedly operate
if good officers are selected—and that great
care will be taken in their selection I believe—
as a check and corrective upon the other De-
partments in the respects in which their juris-
diction is partially that of the Census Bureau;
and it will procure information which is not
accessible by any means within the power of
those Departments atpresent. The proposition
of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] cannot be carried into effect with the
present staff of officers of the Internal Revenue
Bureau. The gentleman must contemplate the
increasing of the number of assistant assessors
and the clerical force, and a different mode of
reporting than is now provided for the officers
of that department, and consequently also an
increase of the clerical force in the Depart-
ments at Washington.
But I agree with the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Butler,] and here, it strikes
me, is the value of"this suggestion, that the great
amount of statistical information no-w obtained
by the Internal Revenue Bureau ought not to be
lost; and at the proper time I shall move an
amendment to this bill, to the effect that there
shall be a class o{'officers intermediate between
the district superintendent and the enumera-
tors, whose duty it shall be to collect and collate
these commercial, manufacturing, and social
statistics, which can be obtained from the In- '
ternal Revenue Bureau, aided of course by
tho_ reports of the enumerators on matters on
which they are required to report. And in this
respect Ipropose to utilize, just as much as the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
would if his amendment should prevail, what- I
ever exists in the internal revenue department
of value for the objects of the census. Now,
previous to the time that the tax on manufac-
tures was repealed the Bureau of Internal
Revenue obtained the best collection of statis-
tics as to commerce and manufactures that
exists or can exist, because they exercised the
whole power given to. them by the internal
revenue law for the purpose of assessing and
collecting taxes to ascertain what was manufac-
tured, the amount of manufactures, the manner
in which the profits were disposed of, and the
articles used in such manufacture. And all this
information remains in the offices of that bureau
in every district of the United States.
This should be accessible to the officers of
the census, and men should be appointed who
have skill in collating the information that can
be given by the officers of the internal revenue,
for the purpose of preparing statements pre-
vious to the time when these officers shall enter
on their duties, on the 1st day of June. They
will then have this to start from. It is but a
year since these taxes were removed, and thus
these superintendents and their special assist-
ants will only have to inquire what has been
done in the last year. The information will be
obtained from these officers direct from the
manufacturers and those engaged in the me-
chanic arts. It seems to me, therefore, that
the better way to obtain the information sought
is not to put ourselves into the hands of the
Internal Revenue Bureau entirely, as we should
do by adopting the amendment of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] but
that we should subordinate that bureau and
all its officers and all the information that it
contains to the officers of the census to be
appointed if this bill becomes a law.
_ Now, with regard to the items of these sta-
tistics, it will be perceived by examining the
bill that they relate to comparatively few sub-
jects, nearly all of which have been the subjects
of inquiry hitherto. I have already explained
in regard to manufactures. The mechanical
establishments referred to in section ten were
included before the tax on manufactures was
removed, under the head of manufactures, and
that information also exists down to within a
year. The statistics in regard to mining estab-
lishments have been collected to a very limited
extent ; that is a new subject of inquiry.
The inquiry in regard to stores and trading
establishments is also something new; that,
it seems to me, should be done by individual
officers, men who have had and who now have
no connection with any other department of
the Government. I doubt if it can even then
be obtained correctly and fully. Very few
persons are willing to expose the amount of
capital employed in their business, the amount
of business done by them, and the number of
men in their employment; but the informa-
tion can be obtained to a great extent, and it
will be of great value when obtained. It is
not subject to any tax, or only to that tax
known as tax on sales. In some districts this
valuable information may be obtained with
great accuracy; in other districts it would be
obtained with very little accuracy. Take for
instance the lower wards of the city of New
York ; in them probably not one tenth of the
transactions would be obtained; but in the
agricultural districts they would probably be
obtained within five or ten per cent, of the
correct amount. It would be an approxima-
tion, and if it fails there will be no very great
loss.
In the tenth section some other statistics are
not included which are included in the sched-
ules ; for instance, statistics in relation to fish-
eries. These have never been a subject of
inquiry by the internal revenue department;
and in this bill they are made the subject of I
inquiry only by the local enumerators. The
amendment I have to propose will meet a diffi-
culty apparent to every one upon a mere state-
ment of what is omitted from this bill," that
tli6 statistics of fisheries are not to be found in
the districts of the enumerators, but are upon
the water. Many of the fisheries are carried
on by one or more persons at a time, and the
products of the fisheries are sold to middle-
• men and by them sent to the great markets.
Hardly ever do the products first touch the
land in the great cities where they are to be
sold; and to obtain the statistics upon this
point different officers are required from those
provided by this bill.
Take the oyster fisheries, for instance, con-
ducted upon grounds selected in the shoal
places of rivers and bays, where the plats and
lots are staked out and marked by officers of
the State appointed for that purpose, and the
owners of which may not be within five hun-
dred or a thousand miles of those tracts or
plats. What information is the local enumer-
ator to get about them? None at all. Such
information must be obtained, if obtained at
all, by persons skilled in that business, who
know where the plants come from, how they
are taken up, to whom sold, and in what quan-
tities. Special skill is therefore required in
the officer to be appointed to obtain any sta-
tistics in relation to the shore fisheries.
Then, again, how are the social statistics con-
templated by the bill to be obtained ? Take,
for instance, the subject of education. The
local enumerator can obtain but little informa-
tion upon such a subject. Almost all the statis-
tics upon this subject contemplated by the bill
now exist in the collections which have been
made by the States and by various authorities
under State laws. Those statistics can be ob-
tained by calling upon the proper State officers
who have this information in their charge,
together with all the documents relating to it.
Such information should be derived from such
officers, and not attempted to be obtained,
necessarily inadequately and imperfectly, by
any local enumerator.
So with regard to charitable, sanitary, re-
formatory, and penal institutions; information
concerning those can be obtained more readily
by an officer specially appointed for the pur-
pose than by any person whose duty it may be
to enumerate the inhabitants upon any tract
of land; for but very little skill is required to
perform the duties required by this bill of an
enumerator. Any person who is accustomed
to making memoranda in a pocket memoran-
dum-book, to setting down figures and adding
them up, can obtain all the information that
this bill calls for with regard to mere numbers.
But the instant you go a step further and call
I for statistics of the ti*ading within a certain
given district, a larger degree of skill, a greater
amount of education and intelligence, an en-
tirely different habit of mind is required from
that demanded of the mere local enumerator.
Besides, this enumerator cannot possibly ob-
tain the statistics of manufacturing. Take,
for instance, some of the New England States,
where one corporation or one firm, or in some
instances one individual owns factories in
different States or in. different counties or
towns of the same State; the information
called for by this schedule cannot be obtained
at any one of the establishments. You can
obtain at one cotton factory, for instance, the
number of hands employed, the number of
yards of goods weekly or monthly sent to
market, but nothing more. The returns of
capital invested in connection with that fac-
*^ry for other Pul'Poses, for transportation and
the like, cannot be obtained. Therefore there
is a necessity for this intermediate class of
officers to obtain this information from the
fountain-head where the corporation is located,
or where the owner of the establishment has
his place of business and keeps his books, and
where the record of that business is brought.
It seems to me, tnerefore, Mr. Chairman, that
the wiser course of policy in regard to this
measure is to adopt the system recommended
by the committee in general, and while reject-
ing the amendment of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, to endeavor to utilize theprinci-
