S258
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
Lincoln came into office, and he had found
this council of four men standing between him
and his appointments, those familiar with the
condition of things at that time can readily see
what the unfortunate result might have been.
I am appealed to by many gentlemen to take
the sense of the House upon the bill; and I
therefore now move that it be laid on the table.
Mr. JENCKES. I hope the gentleman will
not make that motion, or that at least he will
withdraw it, to allow me an opportunity to
reply. I propose, at the close of my remarks,
to move to recommit the bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. Along with such amend-
ments as may be offered ?
Mr. JENCKES. Yes. I propose to have
all the amendments printed and committed
with the bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then I withdraw my
motion.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire, at the proper
time, to offer an amendment, which I send to
the desk to be read for information.
The Clerk read as follows:
On pace 2, line three, after the word " commis-
sioners, insert the following: "two of whom shall
be women."
Mr. KELSEY. I renew the motion to lay
the bill on the table. I think sufficient time
has already been consumed npon it.
Mr. JENCKES. I hope the motion will be
voted down.
Mr. KELSEY. I demand the yeas and nays
on my motion.
Mr. JENCKES. Very well; let us see who
want to cut off debate.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Before the question is
put, I wish to inquire whether this is a vote
between tabling the bill and recommitting it?
Mr. JENCKES. It is.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I think there can be no
harm in recommitting it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 42, nays 104, not voting
81; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Asper, Ayer, Biggs, Bird, Book,
Cake, Cleveland, Amasa Cobb, Conner, Covode,
Dickey, Dickinson, Gets, Gilfillan, Hamilton, Harris,
Heflin, Hotchkiss, Ingersoll, Kelsey, Mayham, May-
nard, Mercur, Milnes, Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey,
Niblack, Orth. Packard, Peters, Beeves, Shanks,
Lionel A. Sheldon, William J. Smith, Stiles, Swee-
ney, Tyner, Van Tramp, Van Wyok, Wilkinson,
Williams, and Winans—42.
NAYS — Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Arnell,
Banks, Beaman, Beck, Bennett, Benton, Blair,
Booker, Qeorge M. Brooks, James Brooks, Buckley,
Buffinton, Burchard, Burdett, Cessna, Churchill,
WilliamT. Clark, Sidney Clarke, Clinton L. Cobb,
Coburn, Conger, Cowles, Cox, Cullom, Degener,
Dixon, Donley, Dox, Duval, Ela, Farnsworth.Fer-
riss, Ferry, Fisher, Fitch, Hale, Hawley.Hay. Hoar,
Hooper, Jenckes, Alexander H. Jones, Kelley,
Ketcham, Knapp, Knott, Lash, Lawrence, Lough-
ridge. Lynch. McCrary, MeGrew, McKee, McKen-
sie, McNeely, Eliakim H. Moore, Jesse H. Moore,
William Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Myers, O'Neill,
Paine, Peck, Perce, Phelps, Potter, Randall, Bice,
Rogers, Sargent, Sawyer, Schenck, Schumaker, Sco-
field, Shober, Slocum, Joseph S. Smith, Worth-
ington C. Smith, William Smyth, Starkweather,
Stevenson, Stokes, Stone, Stoughton, Strickland,
Tanner, Taylor, Tillman, Townsend, Trimble, Up-
son, Voorhees, Cadwnlader C. Washburn, Wells,
Wheeler, Whitmore, Willard, Eugene M. Wilson,
Winchester, Witcher, and Wood—104.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Arm-
strong, Atwood, Axtell, Bailey, Barnum, Barry,
Beatty, Benjamin, Bingham, Boles, Bowen, Boyd,
Burr, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler. Cal-
kin, Cook, Crebs, Davis, Dawes, Dockery, Dyer,
Eldridge, 1' inkelnburg. Fox, Garfield, Gibson, Grig-
wold, Haight, Haldeman, Hambleton.Hamill, Haw-
kins, Hays, Heaton, Hill, Hoge, Holman, Johnson,
Piatt, Poland, Pomeroy, Porter, Proseer, Ridgway,
Thomas L. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kellogg, Kerr,
Laflin, Logan, Marshall, McCarthy, McCormick,
Morgan, Morphis, Mungen. N egley. Packer, Palmer,
Roots, Sanford, Porter Sheldon, Sherrod, John
A. Smith, Stevens, Strader, Strong, Swann. Taffe,
Twichell, Van Auken, Van Horn, Ward, William
B. Washburn, Welker, John T. Wilson, and Wood-
ward—81.
So tho House refused to lay the bill on the
table.
During the roll-call,
Mr. SCOFIELD stated that Mr. Armstrong
bid paired for the day with Mr. Holman.
Mr. FINKELNBURG stated that he had
paired on this question with Mr. Bingham.
Mr. Bingham would have voted " ay," and he
(Mr. Finkelnburg) "no."
The resultwas announced as above recorded.
Mr. JENCKES. I rise to close the debate,
and at the close of my remarks I shall move
to recommit the bill and all the amendments
pending to the committee. I now yield five
minutes of my time to the gentleman from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Benton.]
Mr. BENTON. Mr. Speaker, I regard the
vote just taken as no indication whatever of
the sense of the House on the merits of this
bill. As I look upon it, the motion to lay the
bill npon the table after it has been assailed
by its opponents through a long period of
discussion without giving the gentleman who
reported the bill an opportunity to reply, was
hardly fair play, and for one I voted against it,
although I am opposed to the bill.
This bill is offered as a grand panacea to
remedy all the evils with which the body-pol-
itic is afflicted by maladministration or mis-
management of the civil affairs of the Govern-
ment. And, sir, I consider it wholly inadequate
to accomplish the ends for which it is recom-
mended and which its mover professes to
believe it is adequate to accomplish. It was
said by one of the wisest statesmen that ever
adorned the annals of this country that the
qualifications for office were honesty, capacity,
and fidelity. These are the three grand cri-
terions that should be applied to every indi-
vidual who is selected-and appointed to any
important office. Now, this bill seeks to pro-
vide for securing one of these qualifications
only. Its aim is to seoare educational qualifi-
cations of the highest degree; and I undertake
to say that no board which can be constituted
by any appointment under this Government
can have the means under the provisions of
this bill of ascertaining whether a man 1b com-
petent to fill an office possessing the first and
most essential qualifications, that of honesty
or integrity. He may be one of the best schol-
ars from our public schools and yet be utterly
wanting in the essential elements necessary to
constitute a faithful officer. He may not pos-
sess the reqnisite qualification of honesty. He
may not be faithful. His habits may be such
that he might be entirely unfaithful if appointed
to office.
Now, would any business man having charge
of an important business think of adopting any
such measures as these for the purpose of de-
terminingthe qualifications ofthe men he should
employ? Would the agent of any large cor-
poration appoint a board to examine the men
he may desire to employ in his business?
Would any competent business man adopt
snch a Utopian scheme as this? I take it, not.
Now, the qualifications for office in the public
service are just the same, and nothing more
or less, as the qualifications required for the
various business departments of life. In many
cases—and I m ight say that it is almost the gen-
eral rale—those individuals that graduate from
our schools with the highest honors have the
least capacity for the practical common busi-
ness of life. And so it would prove in regard
to public offices, I apprehend. Yon may go
into any Department to-day and you will find
that the difficulty is not the want of educational
qualifications. The difficulty is in the want of
integrity on the part of the appointees.
Now, the gentleman seeks to ignore entirely
the principle laid down that an Administration
that has been elected tQ, power shall have the
opportunity to surround itself with its friends;
not on the principle that " to the victors belong
the spoils," but upon the principle that the
Administration shall appoint to sustain its
measures those friendly to it and desirous to
j render it successful. Now, I regard this scheme
as a cunningly devised one for the purpose of
j keeping them out of office unless they belong
| to a particular, select, favorite class, and of
; keeping men in office who have once secured
j positions.
I The bill provides that a man shall not be
turned out of office if he can sustain himself
against the charges that are preferred against
him. Now, the gentleman who reported this
bill voted in favor of the repeal of the tenure-
of-office act, so as to give to the President of
the United States the sweeping power to re-
move every one from office without assigning
any cause or reason whatever, and yet he would
take from the heads of Departments who have
the charge and the responsibility of adminis-
tering the public service the power to decide
whether the men under them shall be in sym-
pathy with the Administration. I undertake
to say that no Administration can ever come
into power except by a political party; thatno
Administration can sustain itself in power un-
less it has attached to it the support of political
friends. That principle this bill utterly ignores,
and I repudiate it as wholly impracticable.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. JENCKES. I will now yield to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley]
for one minute.
Mr. KELLEY. I cannot say much in one
minute. But I want to thank the gentleman
from Rhode Island [Mr. Jenckes] for haviug
introduced a bill which I believe will lead to
one of the most vital and essential reforms of
our Government that can be projected. As a
member of the Committee of Ways and Means
I have listened to testimony from all classes
of men, public officers, importers, travelers,
and others, and on no point was the testimony
more entirely concurrent than that the frequent
1 changes of officers, dependent upon mere polit-
| ical influence or character are alike destruc-
I tive of the revenues and the general good ser-
vice of the Government. This change cannot
be made without some great difficulties. 1 see
the hammer about to fall, and having given in
my adhesion to what seems to be so unpopular
a cause in this House I will take my seat.
Mr. JENCKES. I am not disappointed at
the reception which this measure has met with
in this House, for I have frequently said, what
I wish to reiterate here in the presence of my
associates, that I believe if any two hundred
and twenty-eight men were selected by lot
throughout the United States, you would find
fewer among the men so selected who would
oppose this measure in some form than you will
find among the two hnndred and twenty-eight
members who now compose this House. That
opposition arises from the defects ofthe present
system, which this measure in part seeks to
remedy. And I wish to have that evil stated,
and the proposed remedy considered fairly and
met squarely, so that if anything is to be done
or is not to be done the people may know how
their Representatives view a proposed reform
of this nature.
I take the testimony of the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Morrill] as to the extent of this
evil. He has placed himself upon the stand,
and I ask no better evidence concerning the
condition of the service in the Departments
here. He speaks from experience, and I hope
the country will give his remarks due weight,
as I do.
But the evil to which he refers is but a small
part of "that which we seek to remedy. The
Government loses little by the negligence or
even by the dishonesty of the clerks employed
in these Departments; that is simply buta waste
of time and the money paid to them. But the
loss is in the laziness, indifference, incapacity,
and dishonesty of the twenty odd thousand who
handle the public money. And to that portion
of the public service this remedy should be
applied. I wish the House and the country to
know that this measure is not aimed at these
Departments. It is aimed to reform the great
civil service of the country, and to save to the
tax-payers of the country the millions that
now go into the pockets of thieves and their
associates and confederates.
I wish to meet the arguments against this
bill which have been made here; to meet thetn
one by one, and see how they will bear the
