5146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 4,
see what is the amendment proposed by the
House of Representatives, and then we can
judge whether it ought to be concurred in or
not.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment of the
House of Representatives.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I thought the question
was on referring and printing.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. _ The Chair
understood that that motion was withdrawn.
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will
be referred, as a matter of course, then, and
printed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am afraid the Chair
does not understand me. I do not move to
refer the amendment to the Committee on
Finance : I move that the Senate disagree to
tlie House amendment, and ask for a commit-
tee of conference.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That was
the motion the Chair was about to put. The
Chair was putting the affirmative, " Will the
Senate agree to the amendment?" If that be
voted down, then a committee of conference
will follow.
Mr. THURMAN. Will a motion to refer
take precedence of that?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A motion
to refer takes precedence.
Mr. THURMAN. I move, then, to refer the
hill and amendment to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not think it will
occasion any delay, and I think the Senator
from Ohio had better 'let it take that course, and
be referred and printed. It is a very import-
ant amendment. I have confidence in what
the Senator from Ohio says, that the Senate,
from the pi evious course it has taken, would not
probably agree to the amendment as the House
has passed it; but it is an important measure,
and I think as a matter of practice it would be
better, unless there is an absolute necessity for
some other course, that it should be referred
and printed, so as to let us see what it is.
Mr. SHERMAN. That was the motion I
first submitted j but the Senator from Maine
thought we should expedite the matter by
sending it at once to a committee of confer-
ence. Now, however, if Senators desire first
the careful examination of the Committee on
Finance, I have no objection ; and yet 1 sup-
pose every member of the Committee on fi-
nance has thoroughly examined it, and I have
no doubt what their opinion will be.
ThePRESllVENT proiempore. It is moved
that the bill and amendment be referred to the
Committee on Finance, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petitions of
Jackson B. Hash and Lewis C. Ilenser, of Vir-
ginia, praying for the removal of their political
disabilities; which were referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. JOHNSTON. While on the floor, I
ask the Senate to take up and pass Senate bill
No. 533.
Mr. NYE. I believe I have a motion pending.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Nevada made a motion, but it was
objected to. It does not hold over.
Mr. DRAKE. 1 hope that we shall go on
with the regular order of business.
Mr. PRATT. I object to anything being
taken up until the morning business is through.
Mr. JOHNSTON. This bill will not occupy
five minutes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to the proposition of the Senator
from Virginia?
Mr. JOHNSTON. It is to correct an error
made by United States surveyors in regard to
some laud near San Francisco. It will not
occupy five minutes.
Mr. SCOTT. I desire to present a petition.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is in
the nature of an objection to the proposition
of the Senator from Nevada.
Mr. SCOTT presented a memorial, numer-
ously signed by importers and grocers o( the
city of "Philadelphia, asking that any change
in the duties on sugar, molasses, tea, coffee,^or
spices shall not take effect until December 81,
1870; which was ordered !o He on the table.
Mr. ABBOTT presented the petition of John
B. Warren, praying compensation for services
rendered as collector of internal revenue of the
seventh district of North Carolina; which was
leferred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HARLAN presented the petition of
Caroline Hart, sister ot Charles Reynolds,
deceased, praying compensation for certain
bricks furnished for the use of the Army by
said Reynolds at Natchez, Mississippi; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. SPENCER presented the petition of
J. H. Warren, of Lawrence county, Alabama,
praying for the removal of his political disabil-
ities; which was referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented a memorial o( members
of the court of county commissioners of certain
counties in Alabama, praying a grant of lands
to aid in the construction of the Tennessee and
Black Warrior Rivers railroad; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Massachusetts, praying payment of
their claims by French spoliations committed
prior to the year 1S00; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
lie also presented a petition of colored citi-
zens of Somerset county, Maryland, praying
an appropriation for the removal of the ob-
structions in the Manskin river, in that State;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. McCREERY presented the petitions of
Thomas T. Hawkins, of Louisville, Kentucky,
and of Thomas E. Moore, of Bourbon county,
Kentucky, praying the removal of their polit-
ical disabilities; which were referred to the
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
MESSAGE FROM TUH IIODSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
1950) to incorporate the United States Free-
hold Land and Emigration Company, and to
confirm certain legislation in Colorado Terri-
tory, in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had concurred in the report of the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the bill (S. No. 893) to estab-
lish an additional land district in the State of
Kansas.
The message further announced that the
House insisted on its non-concurrence to the
amendments of the Senate insisted on by the
Senate, and also insisted on its amendments
disagreed to by the Senate to the bill (H. 11.
No. 1169) making appropriations for the cur-
rent and contingent expenses of the Indian
department, and for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions (so called) with various Indian tribes for
the year ending June 30, 1871, and for other
purposes; agreed to the second conference
asked by the Senate, and had appointed Mr.
Aarox A. Sargext of California, Mr. Wil-
liam E. Niblack of Indiana, and Mr. Hal-
bert E. Paixe of Wisconsin, managers at the
Game on its part.
LAND DISTRICT IN KANSAS.
Mr. POMEROY submitted the following
report:
Tho committee of conference on the disagreeing
votej ot the two Houses on the biU ((S. No. 8'J3) to
establish an additional land district in tile Staio of
IC'ji'-j:: having met, after iuU and f'reo conference
have agreed to recommend, and do reeommond to
their respective Houses, a,s follows:
That the House recede from their amendment, and
that the bill do pass. S-0-P0MEBj0y.
JAMES HARLAN,
GAlUUiXTBAViS,
Managers on the part of the &eruiic.
GEORGE W. JULIAN.
SIDNEY CLARKE,
J"AxMBS K. McCOJBMICK,
Maiviyei $ on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
ENOCH LYTLE.
Mr. PRATT. The Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the bill (II. R. No. 2311)
granting a pension to Enoch Lytle,_have had
the same under consideration and directed me
to report it back without amendment; and I
ask tho unanimous consent of the Senate to
put the bill nn its passage now.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider tho bill. It directs the Secretary of the
Interior to place on the pension-roll, subject to
the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of Enoch Lytle, late a member
of Captain Done's company, afterward known
as company H, twelfth regiment Indiana vol-
unteers, and to pay him a pension from and
after the passage of the act.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
FRANCIS M. DAVIS.
Mr. PRATT. The Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2335)
granting a pension to Francis M. Davis, have
directed me to report it back favorably, with-
out amendment. They have made no written
report, but adopted the written report of the
House committee. I ask that this bill may be
put on its passage.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent. Is there objection?
Mr. NYE. I should like to inquire if these
bills can be strictly considered as morning busi-
ness?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
can only be considered by unanimous consent.
Mr. NYE. My honorable friend from Indi-
ana [Mr. Pratt] cut me off pretty short a few
moments ago.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Nevada object?
Mr. PRATT. This will only occupy a
moment.
Mr. NYE. My bill would have been through
by this time if the Senator had not objected.
Mr. PRATT. I shall have no objection after
this is disposed of.
Mr. NYE. I will not make any objection.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It directs the Secretary of the
Interior to place on the pension-roll, subject
to tho provisions and limitations of the pen-
sion laws, the name of Francis M. Davis, late
a private in company A, fifty-fifth regiment
Indiana volunteers, and to pay him a pension
from and after the passage of the act.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 1883) making appropria-
tions for the construction, preservation, and
repairs of certain fortifications and other works
of defense for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1871, reported it without amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported a bill (S. No. 1035) to
incorporate the Bear River and Salt Lake Canal
Company, and for a grant of lauds to aid in
the construction of a canal for irrigation, and
other purposes, in IbeTerritory of Utah ; which
was read, and passed to a second reading.
