856
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 19,
Senate.
Fifteenth Amendment—Mr. Hamilton.
41st Coxa....2d Sess.
Such punitive legislation maybe carried into
every transaction of life. So strong and all-
pervading, is'this policy that it is removing
causes from the civil to the criminal courts.
Individuals will not litigate their own rights
when the Government has attorneys or other
instrumentalities to litigate for them.
" Protection " is another ominous wordnow
used so often, and when used for the purposes
of legislation forebodes no good. _ Coercion
and protection are the twin relics of bar-
barism." "Twin relics of barbarism" did I
say! Perhaps I am trespassing upon forbidden
ground. Honorable Senators upon the other
side of the Chamber have been so much in the
liabit of using this expression in applying it to
certain institutions that they are entitled to a
kind of exclusive or patent-right use to it. Yet
I take the liberty of making it here to point
to these two much used and terribly abused
powers of government. We all understand the
meaning of "coercion." It speaks for itself,
and is simply force; but protection is a gilded
word, not so sharply defined, and almost always
used by ambitious men and wily politicians, and
by classes for privateinterests, asacatch-word
for the ear of the multitude, and it has in this
way done its work of wrong and oppression as
effectively and as cruelly as its twin-brother.
Its primary and most significant meaning in
Government is intervention, intermeddling;
it creeps into all the relations and affairs of
men, and takes upon itself the keepership of
all the material, social, political, and spiritual
interests of man upon earth, and would fain
follow him into the world to come. To pro-
tect him against political error was established
the censorship of the press and freedom of
speech suppressed. To protect him against
moral and social error were writings and books
examined, proscribed,and destroyed. To pro-
tect him against religious error writings and
hooka were proscribed, speech denied, forms
of church government and doctrincs in wor-
ship by law established, and heretics burned
or otherwise punished. To protect him against
the visible wiles of the evil one on earth san-
guinary laws were passed and eccentric old
women denounced as witches and relentlessly
persecuted to burning, drowning, and hanging.
To protect him sumptuary laws were passed.
To protect him against the evil of prido his
apparel was prescribed; and that his walk
before men might bo godly his demeanor was
defined by law. To protect him laws of trade
must be established, directing what and where
one should buy, and what and where one
should sell, and with whom one should trade.
To protect him, tariffs or duties are imposed,
and by law the pockets of one are rifled to fill,
it may be, the already plethoric pockets of
another. For the sake of protection wo are
required to buy or pay a bonus; our iron in
Pennsylvania, our hemp in Kentucky and Mis-
souri, our sugar and molasses in Louisiana,
our wool in Ohio, our salt in New York, ami
our manufactures in New England.
In fact, Mr. President, it was this sentiment
of protection, often, I will admit, honest and
conscientious, but always wrong, but oftener
exclusive and wickedly selfish, that lighted the
fires of Smithfield, committed the executions
at Salem, caused the massacre at St. Bartholo-
mew, founded the inquisition, invented the
torture and the instruments of torture — the
rack und the stake.
" The military tendencies a'ld the national
taste, formed and cultivated amid the strifes
and crimes of the war, have not yet been en-
tirely changed. The summary trial by military
commission, once the favored mode of trial
upon the part of the Government, still lingers
in the favor of some. The energy of State
prosecutions is preferred to the civil judicial
combats of individuals. The military com-
mission, and the summary mode of trial and
sure conviction and the still jnore summary
execution of its decrees, was pleasing to many
people; it suited the temper of the times and
the leaders who controlled events.
True, the military commission is softened into
a criminal tribunal with the forms of law, but
still the Government with all its power is there.
The spirit still survives; we witness it here;
we see it developed in the discussions of meas-
ures, not for party, but measures affecting the
whole country and all parties alike, and which
from their grave and important character in
establishing once more ail the States in their
just relations to the Union, ought to be ele-
vated far above party prejudices, interests, or
passions.
In discussing these great questions, violent
invectives against a whole people and clamor
against a party were too freely indulged. When
calmness, a cool judgment, a just and magnan-
imous and an all-embracing spirit aud patriotic
impulses should prevail, instead of all this we
had fierce and unsparing denunciation and most
passionate appeals made to the worst side of
our nature.
Blood, blood, blood! Honorable Senators
talked, not like Cicero, Greek, butblood. They
dabbled in blood until the very atmosphere
here became almost lurid, and the very crim-
son trimmings of this magnificent Hall assumed
a deeper hue.
One honorable Senator from Wisconsin [Mr.
Howe] proclaimed that the Democratic party
were responsible for " every drop of blood
shed, from the murder of the first Massachu-
setts soldier by Baltimore Democrats to the
Democratic bullet that went crushing through
the brain of President Lincoln." "Every
drop" is a most comprehensive expression;
not even acredit allowed to this heavily charged
party for the faults of reckless or incompetent
generals, upon whom some portion of this
great ocean of shed blood was at one time be-
lieved to rest; at all events, some were pun-
ished for their belief. A most grievous charge,
if true, but of the truth of which we do not
deem it necessary to inquire. But in all mag-
nanimity we will rather ascribe this to the
honorable Senator as a figure of speech thau
assume that he meant what he said. But of
this I am sure, that, speaking for myself and
perhaps for my Democratic colleagues, I can
assure the honorable Senator that if he did
meau what ho said, wo still have the satisfac-
tion of congratulating ourselves that he did not
extend this responsibility of shed blood upon
the Democratic party to that deed of sin and
of sorrow committed by a military tribunal in
open day, when not a single hostile bayonet
gleamed in the sunlight, and committed within
the shadow of this Capitol.
Another distinguished and able Senator [Mr.
Mohton] dwelt with more than his usual fervor
in giving statistical details of the reputed mur-
ders and outrages committed in Georgia and
other southern States; harrowed his own feel-
ings beyond control almost in exposing their
enormities, and shed a gloom over this Cham-
ber that an inflamed rehearsal of such things
may well produce.
And upon what occasion and for what object
was all this said, aud all these scenes enacted?
Upon the consideration of the bill to restore a
sister State—one of the old thirteen—the State
of Georgia to her practical relations with the
Union, and thus to make complete, in fact, at
least, the great sisterhood of States. When
sympathy and fraternal feeling, when peace and
concord and joy should inspire all in doing this
great deed for the whole country, and not for
party; but in the midst of all, this hoarse discord
is heard denouncing a whole people, rejecting
peace and harmony and good will, and amid the
passion and frenzy crcated by such appeals and
by such details, whether true or false, handing
over a gallant people to the military ruler and
oppressor, or to the still more hateful rule and
oppression of an impotent and unscrupulous
and malignant minority.
Shall this cruel, relentless, and impolitic
sentiment, pervading every feature of this bill
now before us, as it does, force it upon the
Senate and the country as a law for the States
and the people?
Mr. President, the same spirit pervades this
bill that yet keeps your Union from being one
and indivisible. The same spirit pervades this
whole system of legislation. It proposes to
apply it to the individual and to the assemblages
of the people at every ballot-box upon the day
of election. It proposes to confer upon Con-
gress and upou the agents of Congress a power
to interpose at every poll, to speak to every
voter, and to inquire into the status of every
voter.
Now, Mr. President, I have some observa-
tions and some views respecting this bill espe-
cially, which I desire to submit to the consider-
ation of the Senate. The bill reported by the
Senator from Nevada [Mr. Stewart] is still
under discussion as an amendment to or sub-
stitute for the House bill. I entertained the
hope last evening that we had disposed of that
proposition ; but the honorable Senator, with
his usual tenacity and usual spirit, adheres to
his bill, and insists that it shall be considered
and passed.
[At this point the honorable Senator yielded
the floor for a recess, the evening session being
devoted to another subject.]
Thursday, May 19, 1870.
The Sonato resumed the consideration of tlio same
subject.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. When I
ceased speaking yesterday I was about exam-
ining the provisions of the bill reported by the
Committee on the Judiciary, and I will pre-
face what I have to say by stating that I pro-
pose to examine the bill in no spirit of criti-
cism. If a law on this subject is to be passed
at all in the judgment of this Chamber, it should
be a proper law, a law that can be enforced, if
constitutional, a law that will.be understood
by those who read it and by those who are to
obey it and by those who are to administer it.
The first duty of a legislator in drafting a
law, and especially a penal law, is to under-
stand perfectly the design of his law ; its oper-
ation, what defect it is to cure, what crime it
is to punish, or what wrong it is to redress.
Unless he has that distinctly in his mind he
must necessarily fail in drafting it. Honest
officers and honest citizens will discharge their
duty at all events ; but the corrupt, the man
disposed to violate this law, can do so with im-
punity, and in fact may use this law, if passed,
for the perpetration of very great frauds on the
elective franchise. I propose to contrast the
bill reported by the Judiciary Committee of
this body with the House bill. It is manifest
to any one who looks at the two bills that the
House bill was drawn by a lawyer, with the
exception, in my judgment, of the ninth section,
and thatwas drawn by a politician. The remain-
ing sections of the House bill were drawn by a
lawyer who understood the force of language
and the meaning of the fifteenth amendment,
as far as he could understand it.
The first provision of the Senate bill is de-
claratory in its character. There is nothing in
it providing for punishment for the commission
of any act under the first section; but it declares
generally the principles that ought to apper-
tain, I presume, under the fifteenth amend-
ment; and those general principles contained
in the first section pervade the whole bill when
you come to the punitive clauses of it. And
here lies the great difficulty; and I would sug-
gest, with due respect to the learned members
of the Judiciary Committee, that in drawing
this bill their attention was more particularly
