1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
357
41st Cons. ... 2d Sess.
Fifteenth Amendment—Mr. Hamilton.
Senate.
drawn to the civil rights bill and to the fugitive
slave law, for the purpose of preparing a bill,
than to the fifteenth amendment. The first
section of the Senate bill manifestly refers to
the civil rights bill and is almost in words
copied from it, and three other sections in the
bill are taken, if not in precise terms, practi-
cally and substantially from the fugitive slave
lav.
Now, Mr. President, what does the first
section provide?
That all citizens of the United States who are or
shall be otherwise qualified by law to vote at any
election by the people *.■<■■ shall be
entitled and allowed to vote at all such elections,
without distinction of race, color, or previous con-
dition of servitude.
Is there any such language as that conclud-
ing this section in the constitutional amend-
ment? What is the meaning of this expres-
sion, "without distinction of race, color, or
previous condition of servitude?" I desire to
draw the attention of the Senate to this, and
ask whether it enlarges the meaning of the ex-
pression "all citizens of the United States"
used in the preceding part of this section? It
is an expletive ; it is one of those general kinds
of expressions used at times to round a period,
and similar to that famous one in President
Taj'lor's first message, when he announced
that we were "at peace with all the world and
the rest of mankind." Is not the expression
that "all citizens of the United States shall
vote, without distinction of race, color, or pre-
vious condition of servitude'' equivalent to the
expression "all citizens of the United States
shall vote?" Surely, because none others, I
apprehend, can be included under the latter
general term. Then this first section is simply
this: that all " citizens" of the United States
shall vote who are qualified by law otherwise
than as to race or color. It establishes no
offense; it is a general declaration of principle,
and there is nothing in it in terms or equiv-
alent to the words of the fifteenth amendment.
I will recur and again read the fifteenth
.amendment and see where we stand:
" The right of citizens of the United States to vote
shall not be denied or abridged by the United States,
or by any State, on account of race, color, or pre-
vious condition of servitude."
Is there anything herein, in the language
or arrangement, that supports at all the first
section? I admit that if there is a power to
control the qualifications of electors, and regu-
late the power of holding elections under the
bill commonly called the civil rights bill, then
the language of the first section is right; but
no one on this floor, I apprehend, pretends to
claim any right to manage elections or con-
trol the qualifications of electors except under
the fifteenth amendment. Allow me to read
again the provision of this first section as it
stands, leaving out the words not necessary to
illustrate my meaning:
" All citizens of the United States who are orshall
be otherwise qualified by law to vote at any elec-
tion," &o., "shall be entitled and allowed to vote
without distinction of race, color, or previous condi-
tion of servitude."
The fifteenth amendment, it will be observed,
does not read in that way. If the amendment
read "without distinction of race, color, or
previous condition of servitude," it would not
make common, decent sense, and besides, it
would not be language fit for the precision of
a law ; raid yet this bill proposing to enforce
this provision of the Constitution undertakes
to use language constituting a crime that is
not in the amendment and that is not anywise
comprehended within any provision in it. You
propose to pass an act, and punishing a party
for violating it, that does not follow the terms
of the amendment which it professes to en-
force, and docs not contain the words consti-
tuting the wrong to be prevented, or for the
commission of which it is intended to punish.
To show how much more accurately the
House bill is drawn I will refer to its first sec-
tion, and the same accuracy is observed in
almost every section of it save the ninth :
Any officer of the United States or of any State,
&c., who shall by any official act whatever, or by
the omission, neglect, or refusal to perform any offi-
cial act, &c., deny or abridge the right of any cit-
izen of the United States to vote on account of race,
color, or previous condition of servitude at any Fed-
eral, State, county, municipal, or other election,
shall, upon conviction thereof, bo adjudged guilty of
a misdemeanor. &c.
And then follows the penalty. Now, allow
me to ask honorable Senators whose profes-
sion is the law, if an intent is not required in
the commission of every crime? When you
are passing a bill of this kind, should you not
bear in mind that there must be an intent
before you can punish a party for his act?
Under the fifteenth amendment there must be
two intents, or one act with an intent: first,
when you come to indict a person under this
amendment for violating its provisions you
must allege that he refused to register, if that
was a prerequisite before he could vote, or
that he refused the party his right to vote; and
secondly, you must allege that he did so refuse
because of the party's color, or of his race, or
of his previous condition of servitude; and you
must prove the offense as alleged. The indict-
ment must conform to the offense created by
this amendment, and must allege it, and it
must be proved as alleged. I appeal to every
lawyer in this Chamber if that be not so.
Under the fifteenth amendment the only case
that can come within the jurisdiction of the
United States is when the right to vote is
refused to a man by reason of his color, by
reason of his race, or by reason of his pre-
vious condition of servitude.
Gentlemen may say that it would be extreme-
ly difficult to prove such an intent in cases of
this kind. This may be so, but yet you must
prove it to the satisfaction of the court and jury
before you can convict, and there is not a judge
in the land who will not so charge the jury that
they must be first satisfied that the refusal was
because of the character of the voter in the
respects specified in the amendment to the
Constitution; and I maintain further that if you
should allege in the indictment that A B being
a colored man, or of the Mongol race, or being
once in servitude, as the case is, and otherwise
qualified to vote, he offered to vote and was
refused such vote by reason of his being a col-
ored man, or of the Mongol race, or of his
former condition of servitude, as the case may
be, you must prove it; it would be unjust,
it would be wrong to put a register or judge
of election on trial upon the general allega-
tion that he refused a citizen of the United
States to vote under the Senate bill before
us, which contains none of these provisions,
nor even names the offense created by the
fifteenth amendment, and then convict him
of the offense under the fifteenth amendment
upon the general allegation. You have no
such power. You must allege the cause of
the refusal, and the Constitution defines and
limits the character of this offense and the
character of this charge, and it is so limited
in every section of the House bill except the
ninth. The House evidently understood more
perfectly the character of the fifteenth amend-
ment, its scope and intent; but not in any sec-
tion of this bill reported by the Judiciary Com-
mittee of this body is there such a stated or
defined offense as that created or contemplated
by the amendment. I ask honorable Senators
that they come to the consideration of this as
a practical matter. Suppose yoa go to the
courts with this bill as a law and simply allege,
and no more can be alleged by this bill, that
upon a certain day A B presented himself to
the registrar and that the registrar refused to
register him as a qualified elector, what will it
amount to ? It applies to all voters in the
United States. It makes no discrimination.
Itassumesto Congressthepower over the whole
matter of holding elections and the qualifica-
tions of electors in that respect. It makes no
distinction and no discrimination ; and where,
I ask, is your constitutional power for this ?
It must fail, and signally fail. If we are to
have a law on this subject let us have one that
can be executed. I am for observing law if it
be determined lo be constitutional; but I am
for having a fair and a just lav/, a law that
judges can understand and that officers can
execute. I am not for putting in fear, en-
trapping, or confusing judges of elections, or
officers engaged in qualifying electors, and
who are generally plain, fair, honest men.
They are not familiar with law and not accus-
tomed to administer it or interpret it. How are
they to understand this bill if it becomes a
law ? Are they to take the vote of every per-
son who offers to register or vote without a
well-defined idea of what it in fact is, and
under the fear, the apprehension, that the Gov-
ernment of the United States is to control
them and their action, and, it may be, if they
are mistaken in judgment, to carry them into
the courts of the United States and punish
them, without a knowledge on their part at the
time what the special cause may be?
When you undertake to speak by law to these
plain men, judges of election or registrars who
are to administer it, and who sit in a judicial ca-
pacity, as much so as the judges of the Supreme
Court, and who are responsible only undertlie
common law for corrupt and willful acts of
wrong—if you tell them in terms that when a
colored man comes to be registered or vote,
as the case may be, or a Chinaman, au Indian,
or one who was in former servitude, they are
not to consider either of these as causes of
objection, and that in regard to everything else
they can enter into all the qualifications of the
man to vote as their State laws may prescribe,
they will understand you ; they will understand
the character and force of the law; and when
indicted for violating it will understand it, as
also the character and the force of the proof
necessary to convict. They will then see the
similitude between the law and the amendment
intended to be enforced, and they can then dis-
charge tueir duty without the fear of being mis-
taken by the authorities of the United States,
upon the one hand, in executing it agreeably to
its provisions, or by the authorities of the State
from whom they receive their commission to
administer the laws of the State upon the other
hand.
Mr. President, those objections go equally
to sections two and three of the bill. You will
observe that by section two it is provided—
That if by or under the authority of the constitu-
tion or laws of any State, or the laws of any Terri-
tory, any act is or shall bo required to be done as a
prerequisite or qualification lor voting, and by sucn
constitution or laws persons or officers are or shall
be charged with the performance of duties m mr-
nishing to citizens an opportunity to peiiurni
prerequisite, or to become qualified to vote, it shall
bo the duty of every such^ person and otucer to give
to all citizens of the United Statc3 the same and
equal opportunity to perioral such prerequisite, and
to become qualified to vote, without distinction of
race, color, or previous condition of servitude arid
if any such person or oilicer shall refuse or kuowingiy
oinit lo give lull effect to this section, lee.
Senators have already commented upon this,
its language and structure. Itis surely obscure'
and pointless for all criminal procedure. The
language substantially is that every person
"shall have the same and equal opportunity
to perform every prerequisite to vote." 'What
would be the olfense charged in the indict men i
or criminal information under this part of the
bill? Will the indictment charge that thw
registrar refused to give the "same and equal
opportunity" to ail citizens, "without distinc-
tion '' of race or color ? Is saeh language m
