1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2315
any land in it or around it, with nothing but rocks
under him and the bottom of the Ma on which
those rocks rest, and had saidtohim. "General
Ames, stay in that fort; do not leave that fort
under any pretense whatsoever until the Gov-
ernment gives you leave to do it," could he
acquire a residence in Fort Calhoun or the
Rip Raps ? Could he acquire a residence in
Fort LaFayette? Could he acquire a residence
m Fort Hamilton? How could he get advvell-
ing? Will you say lie can get a dwelling out-
hide of them? Then he gets a dwelling with-
out any occupancy of the dwelling; then he
gets a dwelling without any inhabitancy of the
dwelling; then he gets a dwelling where he
does not dwell.
Sir, I repeat, upon every principle of law it
is as well established as anything can be that an
officer of the Army in active service under the
orders of his Government, not having obtained
any leave of absence, is not sui juris, and can-
not, therefore be said of his own will to be an
inhabitant, that is, to be a voluntary dweller
in the place where he is. He is no voluntary
dweller there. The Government has ordered
him to dwell there, and he never can prove
that he is a voluntary dweller there as long as
he remains under the dominion of the Govern-
ment. When he gets rid of that dominion, if
it be 1'or ever so short a time, by getting leave
of absence, by getting a furlough, by becoming
the master of his own movements, by becom-
ing pro tempore sui juris, then when he can
choose his domicile he may do it, just as the
English courts have decided was necessary to
be done, as wa3 shown by the cases read by
the Senator from New York. There is no
hardship on the officer at all. The Govern-
ment would never refuse him for a moment
that furlough of a day which might make him
svi juris from the rising to the setting of the
sun. livery officer in the course of his service
gets a lurlough from time to time, or a leave
of absence from time to time. I repeat, there
is 110 hardship whatsoever in it. There is no
injury to the officers of the Army or the officers
oi the Navy in it.
Why, sir, what does the constitution of
almost every State in the Union provide?
Expressly, that no soldier by being stationed
in the State shall become an inhabitant thereof.
That is the provision in substance of the con-
stitution of my State, and always has been,
and I believe of nearly every State in the
Union. What will you do now with the case
of an officer under such circumstances as
those? Are we establishing any harsh doc-
trine ? We establish precisely the doctrine
that is to be found in nine out of ten of the
constitutions of the States of this Union. That
is uo hardship which the people from one end
of the Republic to the other in their funda-
mental law, their constitutions, have seen fit
to declare. There is no hardship in it, no
injustice to the Army.
This whole case then, Mr. President, ia in a
nut-shell. Two things are necessary in the
case of a person of the age of General Ames,
a person thirty years old'and upward, to give
him a domicile. One is voluntary inhabitancy,
and the other is the animus manendi. There
was neither voluntary inhabitancy here nor
that unconditional animus manendi which is
necessary to create citizenship or to create legal
inhabitancy. You may- multiply words just as
much as you please about it; that is the long
and the short of it, the be-all and the end-all
of this controversy.
One word more upon another subject that
has been mentioned, and which I did not con-
sider at all necessary, and which certainly is
not at all necessary to the determination of
this question. The Seuator from Maine has
caused to be read by the Secretary certain res-
olutions of the Legislature of Mississippi ask-
ing us, in effect, to admit General Ames to his
seat, and he reads them as a triumphant refu-
tation of what was said the other day by the
senior Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If my honor-
able friend will pardon me, I did not intend
them as an answer to the argument on' the
legal question.
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly not; and it is
not in that light that I am going to speak of
them. Now, sir, I say those resolutions are
no answer at all to the strictures made by the
venerable Senator from Kentucky the other
day. What was it that the Senator from Ken-
tucky said? He said it was a spectacle notfit
to be witnessed in a free land that a military
officer under whose absolute dominion the en-
tire people of a State were placed; who could
provide the officers to register the voters and
remove them at his pleasure; who could strike
out from the registered lists of voters as many
as he pleased and put on as many as he pleased;
who could appoint the judges of election and
regulate the reception of votes, the counting
of the votes, and the certificates of the result—
that it was not consistent with the spirit of a
free Government, but was a spectacle unworthy
of a free Government, to see that military com-
mander, with his epaulets still on his shoul-
der, his sword still by his side, elevated to the
great office of Senator of the United States by
the men elected through his agency and under
his will; and that whether he had in all this
proceeding intentionally done anything wrong
or not, still the spectacle was one that was dis-
graceful to the American people. I subscribe
to every word of that.
And now let me say that these resolutions
which are now passed to whitewash that action
do not whitewash it at all. If that Legislature
by duress—I do not speak of actual duress of
imprisonment, but by moral duress, or fear—
had elected General Ames to the Senate, self-
consistency with those men who want to keep
their places, a disposition to say, " We did act
independently; we were not kicked into this
thing," would make them ratify the act now
that the sword of the conqueror is no longer
in the scale. That was what made me say the
other day, when this subject was up, that Gen-
eral Ames would certainly be reelected. If
every member of that Legislature who voted
for him did not want him elected, still he would
be elected, because those men who want to
stand well in Mississippi, who represent the
Republican party there, will not write their
own infamy by saying, "We elected this man
under duress, and now that we are free we
repudiate the act." If every man who voted
for Ames would now wish him in the depths,
of the sea instead of in the Senate of the Uni-
ted States, still they would vote to reelect him,
because they dare not brand themselves as
infamous men. It does not detract one parti-
cle from the force of the remarks of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky when you prove that these
men who obeyed the mandate of power will
not now acknowledge that they were acting as
base slaves.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not rise to
continue the debate, but to notice one or two
remarks of the honorable Senator from Ohio.
The Senator is an able and astute lawyer, as
he shows by the proposition he puts to me. It
is put by way of illustration, and so he had a
right to put a hard case, an extreme case; and
he wishes me to reply distinctly whether I mean
to say that if General Ames, by authority of
the military power, had been consigned abso-
lutely and exclusively for an indefinite period
to any one of the forts of the country, and ab-
solutely confined within its walls, that would
be inhabitancy. I say no; and I feel no em-
barrassment at all in saying that. I say that
no man who is absolutely deprived of his lib-
erty by an arbitrary edict or by physical force
in the walls of a prison gains any inhabitancy
thereby. That is clear. Was that the case of
Ames? If not, then it illustrates nothing. It
tends to illustrate the principle, but does not
illustrate this case. Ames was not confined
arbitrarily to a fort. Ames was assigned to a
district with certain functions, and was free to
go anywhere and to select a dwelling anywhere
in the district: and that he did. He had free-
dom enough left to select that.
Now, let us look at this question of inhab-
itancy. I did not intend to read from any
dictionary, bat I believe dictionaries have been
brought into the case, and therefore I will refer
to the dictionary as illustrating the difference
between a residence and an inhabitancy. Here
let me say that I do not agree with my hon-
orable friend that the word "resident" wsit.
stricken from the Constitution and "inhabit-
ant" inserted because "inhabitant" wasa more
precise term. It was because "inhabitancy"
has a general sense which "residence" lias
not. "Inhabitancy" is general. It does not
necessarily include a dwelling. There may be
an inhabitancy without a residence. "Resi-
dence" applies to locality and gives certain
municipal rights. Let us see if I am right in
this. Let us look at the definition in the
dictionary. "An inhabitant" is what? "A
dweller." Now, what is "adweller?" "One
who dwells or resides permanently in a place."
That is the first proposition; but here is an-
other—" or"—in the alternative—"one who
has a fixed residence as distinguished from an
occasional lodger."
There you have the whole question. An in- _
habitant is one who has a fixed rjaideuee.
What kind of a fixed residence ? A home as
distinguished from a lodger ; that is all. A man
who puts up at a tavern over night is not a
dweller, but a man who lives in his own house
is a dweller; and a man who has sufficient
moral agency to live in his own house, no mat-
ter what his location is, is a dweller.
Mr. THURMAN. Did General Ames live
in his own house or did he dwell at a tavern ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. He was free to
choose his own quarters, I fancy. If I know
anything about the law, he was obliged to select
and pay for his own quarters. Certainly an
officer lias no quarters assigned him. So much
for that. I am not going to reargue the matter.
Now, my honorable friend says most confi-
dently that I am wrong iu the law; that the
law does not assign to every American citizen
the right of inhabitancy and the fact of inhab-
itancy. That is my proposition, and I repeat
it, and I reiterate it. And nowforthe law and
the testimony on that subject.
Mr. THURMAN. He may be an inhabitant
of the United States at large.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. He is a citizen
of the Uniied Slates, and every man being a
citizen has an inhabitancy assigned to him by
law. That was my proposition when I was up
before, and I repeat it now. Let me read an
authority:
" A man cannot be without a domicile."
I have stated it no stronger than that. "Dom-
icile" and "inhabitancy" are synonymous.
Mr. CARPENTER. Is the Senator aware
that I read here the other day the decision of
Chief Justice Parker exactly the other way on
that precise point, saying that a man might have
a domicile in Massachusetts for ten years, have
his own house and his own servants, and yet
not be an inhabitant of that State?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am aware of
the distinction which the law makes in settle-
ment cases. I can understand that a man may
have two domiciles, and the law may assign to
a man two domiciles if he chooses to have
them. A man may have a commercial domi-
cile and a commercial residence, and he may
have a political residence at the same time.
Every lawyer knows that. Such is the flexi-
bility of the law that it accommodates itself to
human affairs in that way. _ But^ I maintain
that in the general sense "inhabitancy" and
"domicile" are synonymous j and you mil find
it so laid down in the definition which I read.
"An inhabitant" is what? "A dweller.'
What is "a dweller?" "A man who has a
domicile." You will find it so throughout the
dictionaries and throughout the law books.
Mr. CARPENTER. If the Senator -will
