358
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 19,
Senate.
Fifteenth Amendment—Mr. Hamilton.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
the amendment or known to the Constitution.?
Are you to charge this in the indictment, and
failing to find any warrant for it, still convict
under the fifteenth amendment? Sir, words
mean things in criminal law; and I will put it
to Senators whether the words "on account
of," found in the amendment and, in fact, con-
stituting the intent oftheoffense, are not vastly,
totally different from the words "without dis-
tinction, " as found in the bill. What are you
to do under that section ?
I have great respect for the talent and for
the legal learning of the Committee on the
Judiciary; but in my judgment—I may be in
error—that committee has utterly failed in this
bill; perhaps for the cause I before alluded
to, that it was more intent upon incorporating
provisions from the civil rights bill and the
fugitive slave law into it than in framing an
original bill to enforce the amendment, as it
purports to do; or perhaps from the peculiar
phraseology of the amendment it was found
difficult by the ablest minds of this body to
framo a law, either from the want of power at
all, or by keeping well-defined in it the powers
asserted by the United States, and by avoiding
at the same time an infringement upon the
rights of the States over tho subject.
Mr. President, I desire to direct my atten-
tion now to the third section of the bill-;
That whenovor, by or under authority of tho con-
stitution or laws of any State, or tho laws of any
Territory, any aot is or shall bo required to bo dono
by any citizen, &o.
There is nothing in this section at all about
color or race, or nothing that refers at all to
it; "any citizen" is the language.
In other words, this third section places under
the jurisdiction of the Government of the Uni-
ted States the act of every citizen who may
approach a registrar or judge of election. My
view of the Constitution, or rather of this
amendment, is that the law-making power of
this Government has nothing whatever to do
with any class of citizens, except when there
isoccasion tointerpose by reason of their being
deprived of their right to vote on account of
race, color, or previous condition of servitude.
But I object to this third section for other
reasons. I object to it because of its alarming
assumption of power. Under tho fifteenth
amendment it will be conceded, 1 think, that
this Government has no power over tho elect-
ive franchise, or process, or the qualification
of electors, except in respect to that named in
tho amendment. And yet what does this sec-
tion pretend to do? I call the attention of
honorable Senators who compose the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary to the fact that this section
undertakes to prescribe the manner of holding
all elections, and undertakes to prescribe tho
manner of qualifying all electors to vote. Does
it not utterly subvert every registration law in
every State in the Union? 1 know that it
utterly subverts the registration law of my own
State. It provides that if a registrar of election,
or any officer who may be required to regis-
ter tho name of a party as a voter, or receive a
tax, or do any other act requisite to constitute
him a qualified elector, shall refuse to do so,
after an examination, the party so refused may
present himself before the judge of election
on the day of election, and upon presentation
of his own affidavit that he was wrongfully
prevented from registering, or doing any other
act to become a voter, under tho penalty of
$500 that judge of election is required to re-
ceive his ballot. Can it be possible that this
Congress will undertake to assume an authority
to defy and subvert the registration law of
any State, and it maybe of many States, in this
Union?
Air. President, I am for the purity of elec-
tions and for maintaining the purity of the bal-
lot-box, and of guarding it against all possible
wrong. We have established in Maryland a
registration law, and I think an efficient one,
that will not only protect the purity of the
ballot-box, but secure the right of the voter.
I wish to refer for one moment to that regis-
tration law. I have a copy of it in my hand.
By this law the registrars are the sole judges
of the qualifications of an elector to vote. The
law requires the registrars in the counties to
sit three days in September, and they are re-
quired to give public notice of their sittings,
and their sittings are to be public. The per-
sons who go there to be registered are exam-
ined upon their oaths, and every person when
he claims registration is required to be sworn.
We have registration books with appropriate
columns for answers to questions propounded
by the registrar, and every person so offering to
register is required upon oath to answer cer-
tain enumerated questions, which questions
are prescribed by the law—his age, his resi-
dence, the duration of hia residence, where
born, if a foreigner to produce his naturaliza-
tion papers, &c., and the registrar is required
to record the answers in the appropriate col-
umn, and if he finds him to be a qualified elector
to carry out his name as such ; and the list so
made is required to be published. Then, again,
they are required to sit three days in October,
when the same forms are pursued and correc-
tions made, if any be required.
If any person is dissatisfied with the determ-
ination of the registrar he can appeal at once
to the circuit court of the county, and his cause
be heard at once, and if upon the hearing the
judge is satisfied that he is entitled to regis-
tration, he so certifies to the registrar, and the
registrar is required to place his name upon
the list of qualified electors. When the sittings
are over the registrars prepare the lists of the
qualified electors, and they are delivered to the
judges of election, and the judges are bound
by these lists, and their only duty is to receive
and count the votes ofthe persons so registered,
and their only judicial duty is to know whether
tho person offering to vote is truly the person
registered. They have no right to inquire into
his qualifications. They have been judicially
determined by the registrar, with the right of
appeal from him to our courts by the elector;
and ho is concluded thereafter from mooting
tho question of qualification; if his namo does
not appear upon the registration list upon the
day of election he cannotvote. The judges of
election are prohibited under a penalty from
receiving tho vote of any person whose name
is not upon the list of registration.
Now, Mr. President, what is to be done ? Is
this system of registration to bo set at naught
by this section in the bill? Notwithstanding
that tho party may come before the registrar,
may be examined, and may be denied regis-
tration for want of qualifications, and thereby
his right to vote denied, yet if he again appears
before the judge of election on his simple
ex parte affidavit, he is to set aside all our
laws, and our manner of holding elections, and
of receiving the votes of electors. I ask hon-
orable Senators who desire to maintain the
power of the States in this respect to look at
the provisions of this bill. 1 desire that it
shall be right, and if you will pass some such
law, at all events let it respect this greatright.
I consider that we have now in my own State
one of the most perfect systems of registration
that could well be devised, and without deny-
ing registration to any portion of our people,
we have conformed to the existing condition
of things. Our last Legislature passed this
registration law so as to conform to all the
requisites of what is supposed to be the amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States,
accepting it, for the present at all events, as
binding upon the people and the States. Shall
my State, doing that, have the highest exer-
cise of its legislative functions entirely set at
naught by the provisions of this bill? Shall
Congress, under the pretext that it is legislat-
ing for the protection of a class alone, absorb
the rights of all, and place the holding and
manner of holding elections entirely in tho
hands of the General Government?
I speak thus with no feeling against the bill
other than as against it upon general principles,
but with the earnest desire that it may be so
amended and so fashioned that it shall respect
to some extent at least the rights of the States
and the people of the States.
I am opposed to this section because of
another feature in it. It opens wide the door
to perjury. It opens a wider door to fraud.
Remember, that by this bill any person who is
a citizen of the United States can make ap-
plication to a registrar er the person who is to
judge of the prerequisites required to become
an elector. It is not limited in that respect.
I hope we all desire to preserve the purity
of elections. Take your great cities; take
New York ; take Philadelphia ; take Baltimore ;
indeed all the cities. In the small country
districts, where everybody is known, we know
it is more difficult to commit frauds ; but in
your large cities, where people are unknown,
where they change so much, and where these
things are practiced, or are likely to be prac-
ticed, all that is necessary to secure a vole is for
the party to appear before the judge of election
on the day of election and present his already
drawn ex parte affidavit of a wrongful preven-
tion to register or do any other act required,
and the judge of election is bound to receive his
vote ; or may appear to relieve his conscience
to that extent at ail events before the registrar,
and make application to be registered, and their
applications may be examined and they may
be denied by the registrar ; and yet on the day
of election they can go before the judge of
election, and on presenting this mere affidavit
he is obliged to take their votes.
The honorable Seuator from Ohio [Mr.
Siieiuian] has given the just construction to
this clauso of the bill. It means that the mere
affidavit shall possess this power. Tho affiant-
does not swear to a detail of facts or circum-
stances why he was refused registration. That
is not required. I desire honorable Senators
of the Committee on the Judiciary to look
carefully at this provision of the bill:
And any judge, inspector, or other officor of elec-
tion whoso duty it is or shall bo to receive, count,
certify, register, report, or give etfect to tho vote of
any such citizen,who shall refuse or knowingly omit
to receive, count, certify, register, report, or givo
effect to the vote of such citizen, upon tho presenta-
tion by linn of las affidavit stating such offer and the
time and place thoreof, and tho name of the officer
or person whose duty it was to aot theroon, and that,
ho was wrongfully prevented by such person or offi-
cer from performing such act.
Some persons may make that affidavit con-
scientiously and yet not be voters qualified by
law. Some persons may go before the regis-
trar, and honestly though erroneously believ-
ing they are entitled to vote, and being
denied,may make this affidavit. They are not
required in this affidavit to set out the partic-
ulars of their qualifications. Il is one of those
general affidavits covering everything, and
about which there can be no investigation, aud
about which there is no summary examina-
tion. The party is not required hardly to tell
his name, his age, his residence, where he lives,
or where he was born. All that he is required
to do is to present his affidavit, stating the time
and place of his offer and the name of the offi-
cer, and that he was wrongfully prevented from
registering or doing whatever other act the law
required to become a voter. Hundreds and
thousands can and may do this; some of them,
perhaps but few, conscientiously.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will my friend from
Maryland permit me to ask him a question
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Certainly.
