'4204
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Not yet.
Mr. HOWE. I take my figures from the
Senator from Iowa.
Mr. HARLAN. _ I stated that I supposed it
would be about six million dollars when the
bill was completed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. 1 think there is
a fair prospect of it; but half of it nearly is
an attempt on the part of the chairman of the
Indian Committee to bring up arrearages due
the Indians.
Mr. HOWE. Well, take it at $3,000,000,
Mr. President. I presume that is three times
what the State of Connecticut spends in the
government of her people 
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Ten times. _
Mr. HOWE. The Senator tells me it is ton
times what that State spends for the govern-
ment of the State of Connecticut, and this
money we are paying out of our Treasury.
Where is the wrong we have done the In-
dians? Is it not better that this land should
se given over to cultivation, to industry? It
does them no possible good. One twentieth
ar one hundredth part of this territory is just
as good for the Indians as the whole of it, and
a great deal better for the rest of the world ;
and I put it to the Senator from Connecticut
now if theinteresl upon $1,500,000is notbetter
for these three or four thousand Osage Indians
than the right to occupy and roam over that
eight million acres of land?^ If so, ought we
to tax civilization unnecessarily for the benefit
of this race? It seems to me not.
There is one point in the amendment of the
Senator from Kansas to which I wanted to call
his attention, and that is the requirement that
it, makes of the Government to provide a now
homo for lhose Osage Indians. Is it not risky
for the Government to make such a stipula-
tion with them until the Government knows
where it can obtain that new home which will
lie salisfiieturv to them?
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator had been
in yesterday when I read the communication
from the Secretary of the Interior he would
have learned liiat a new home ia already pro-
vided, and that, they have consented to go to it.
Mr. IIOWH. And does ibe Secretary stale
that, we are able to procure it?
Mr. POM MHO Y. Yes, sir.
Mr. 110WK. Has the title hoon secured?
Mr. POMEROY. Itbasbecnsecured. There
have been three treaties made. The Choctaws
in the first place ceded their leased lands, which
comprised ten million acres. The Cherokees
ciided all west of the ninety-sixth meridian.
Then the Creeks coded I do not exactly know
how much land. The Government have the
right, under treaty stipulations, to locate Indians
from Kansas, who are loyal and civilized, on
those lands thus ceded.
Mr. IIOWE. If that is so that removes that
objection. 'J hen it seems to me that the only
interest we have in fixing upon the sum to be
paii to the Indians is lo gel at a sum which
will be satisfactory to them; and all over that
it. is just as well fur humanity, and it is just as
well lor every interest of mankind that I can
think of, that it should be in the pockets of
civilized and Christian men, or men who stand
some chance of being Christianized, as that it
should be in the pockets of these Indians;
and therefore I myself think it was a mistake
to propose voluntarily to raise this sum from
SI.000,000 to $2,000,000.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I do not suppose
there is any man on this floor who would do
justice or even extend generosity to a higher
degree than the Senator from Wisconsin ; and
yet his argument is that because the Indians
have manirested a willingness to take a certain
sum it is unnecessary and unjust toward the
American people to give them a larger sum.
He does not intend to forget, but he may not
keep in mind the fact that these Indians are
to go to a new territory, to anew home, and that
when they go to that home they will be house-
less; they will be without any of those imple-
ments which it is necessary for them to have
in order to advance in civilization. They will
need money to feed them while they are making
themselves a home in this new territory. Then
I submit to the honorable Senator whether the
interest on a larger amount will not be import-
ant and absolutely necessary to these men,
although they may have consented to take a
less sum.
We are called upon every day almost to make
appropriations to feed Indians in the new Ter-
ritories or in the far distant States. These
Osages have lands which they have agreed to
sell, or manifested a willingness to sell for a
definite sum. That sum is at the rate of twenty
cents an acrc. Their lauds are the best lands
in this region of country. It is so stated by
almost every man acquainted with them who
has spoken in reference to their value. Now, I
submit that an addition of five cents an acre,
making these lauds available to the United
States at only twenty-five cents an acre, is a
very low price for the Government to give,
even if these Indians have been forced, if you
please, into a position where they have appar-
ently consented to accept a lower price.
Mr. HOWE. With the Senator's permis-
sion, I should like to state to him two facts bear-
ing upon the question whether twenty cents an
aero is or is not an adequate price for a body
of wild lands unimproved and remote from
white settlements?
Under the graduation act, which the Sen-
ator will remember was enacted several years
ago, lauds which the Government had had in
market a certain number of years were reduced
to one dollar an acre, a certain number of other
years to fifty cents, and so on down ; and under
that act I beg to remind the Senator that the
Government of the United States sold in the
State of "Missouri immense tracts of land at
twelve and a half cents an acre. That is one
fact.
Now, for the next fact. Just after the open-
ing of the railway from Toronto to Georgian
bay, in Canada, [was in Toronto, and I asked
there what the lands on the line of that rail-
way were sold for by the government of the
province before that road was started, and I
was told from eight to twelve and a half cents
an acre.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I am perfectly aware
that lands have been sold for less than twenty
or twenty-five cents an acre; but still I under-
stand that these lands are accessible, not by
railroads running through them, but by rail-
roads running parallel with them, and at dis-
tances not so far but that they increase them
in value.
Bat it is said the consent of the Indians has
been given, I do not think we should take
advantage of the apparent consent which these
Indians have given. Here, according to the
statements of the Senator from Kansas, a pop-
ulation of twenty thousand or more have pressed
in and are occupying these lands and demand-
ing that the Indians shall retire. It is not diffi-
cult to secure the consent of the tribe to remove
under such circumstances. And now I beg
leave to answer the question which the honor-
able Senator from Vermont put yesterday to
the Senate. He wanted to know why you did
not kill the Indians at once. I will tell him
the reason. We have not yet got their con-
sent ; but we are going to have their approval,
and when you get their consent they are to
die!
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will make one
more effort, to see if I cannot bring this matter
to a conclusion. I have got a proposition here
which I have submitted to the chairman of the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and to which I
have his assent, and I want to say to the Sen-
ate—though I shall despair of getting such
attention as will enable them to have a very
accurate apprehension of it—that it is based
on the treaty of 1865. I want to make this
general statement, and then I will try and verify
it by this treaty. {
The treaty made with the Osage Indians in
1865 provides for the disposition of this entire
territory; first, by the second article of the
treaty, they conveyed three million two hundred
thousand acres to the United States, in trust, to
be disposed of in a certain way, to be sold at
$1 25 an acre. Then by the sixteenth article
it was provided:
"It is also agreed by said contracting parties that
if said Indians should agree to remove h-om tlie State
of Ka.nsas and settle oalands tobeprovided forlhem
by the Unitod States in the Indian territory, on such
terms as may be agreed onbetween the United States
and the Indian tribes now residing in said territory,
or any of them, then the diminished reservation"-—
That is, the residue of their lands—
" shall be disposed of by the United States in tho same
manner and for the same purposes as hereinbefore
provided in relation to said trust lands."
It will be seen that by this treaty it was pro-
vided that a portion of the territory, one third
or more, should beheld in trust, to be disposed
of at $1 25 per acre; and the rest of the tract
might be disposed of in the same way, provided
the Indians should accept it and be willing to
go into the Indian country and take a home
which might be provided for them there by the
Government of the United States.
Now, upon the assumption that that can be
carried out, I submit an amendment, and ask
that it be read by the clerk, based on the exe-
cution of this treaty and with a view of carry-
ing it out.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine moves to amend the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maiue. I offer my prop-
osition as a substitute.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The proposed
substitute for the amendment of the Senator
from Kansas will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Awl be it further cnacted. That whenever the Great
and Little Osage Indians shall agree thereto, in such
manner as tho President shall proscribe, it shall be
the duty of tho President to remove said Indians
from the State of Kansas to lands provided or to be
provided foi- them for a permanent home in the In-
dian Territory, to consist of a tract of land in eom-
pactform, equal in quantity to one hundred and sixty
acres tor eaeli member of said tribe, or such part
thereof as said Indians may desire, to be paid for
out of tho proceeds of the sales of their lands in tho
Stato of Kansas, the price per acre for such lands to
be procured in the Indian territory not to exceed
tho price p.iid or to be paid by the United Slates
tor tho same. And to defray the expenses of said
removal, and to aid in the subsistence ot the said
Indians during tho first year, there is hereby
appropriated out ot the Treasury, out of anv money
not otherwise appropriated, the sum of $50,000. And
after the removal of said Indians lnim tho State of
Kansas it shall be tho duty of tho Secretary of the
Interior to cause tho said Osage diminished resorvo
to bo surveyed and sold, the said Indians consenting
thereto us atorcsaid, as provided in articles two and
sixteon of tho treaty concluded with said Indians
September 29,1865, and the *' act admitting the State
of Kansas into the Union," appiovcd January 29,
18dl, which granted tho sixteenth and thirty-sixth
sections m each township for the support of public
schools. The proceeds ot tho sale of said lands, after
paying the expenses of the survey and sale thereof
and reimbursing the United States, said sum of
ioO.OOCr, shall bo placed to the credit of said Indians
at the rate of fivo per cent., per annum; and the said
interest shall bo disposed of .is provided in article
two of said treaty in relation to tho interest on tho
proceeds ot tho sales of other trust lands therein
named.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will modify
the amendment by inserting after the word
"President," in the first clause, the words
a by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate," as that was put in the original prop-
osition yesterday.
Mr. I3ARLAN. I hardly think the honor-
able Senator from Vermont who yesterday
offered that proposition as an amendment to
the amendment of the Senator from Kansas
will insist upon it. It only relates to the man-
ner of obtaining the agreement or assent of the
Indians.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will it embar-
rass it ?
Mr. HARLAN. The President will have
rules drawn np, and those rules will be sent to
the Senate, to see whether the Senate will agree
to the rules proposed as to the mode of obtain-
ing the assent of the Indians. Such a thing
was never done before.
