60
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9,
can tell him without any census that it costs
more than to bring wheat from California to
New York city. If I am to go into obtaining
that information I should much prefer to de-
pend upon an examination of the way-bills
than upon the mere statements of the railroad
officials. Your internal revenue machinery,
after six years of experience and after the
adoption of many amendments suggested by
the Committee of Ways and Means for the
purpose of getting it into perfect working
order, is the best machine to find out all this
desired information.
I am not so anxious on tbe mere question of
economy as I am on the question of efficiency.
Perhaps the marshals would be efficient if they
had nothing else to do. In the olden time
there was no other machinery at all to which
we could go. Now we have the machinery of
the Internal Revenue Bureau. I do not say
that we have it now for the first time, for we
had during the war of 1812 a machinery for the
collection of the direct taxes. "We have now
the machinery of the Internal Revenue Bureau,
through which we can obtain a true statement
of the resources of the people. It is no use to
tell me aboutthe wealth and about the resources
of men who endeavored in every way to escape
any share of their obligation for the defense of
their country. _ I _clo not want to know anything
about the statistics of those who opposed the
draft or refused to contribute one cent for the
defense of the country.
The gentleman from New York further told
us that the financiers of Europe knew and
acknowledged that the resources of this coun-
try were greater than those of any other coun-
try. Let us see how they show that.
Mr. WOOD. The gentleman does not state
my position correctly. I stated that the finan-
ciers of Europe acknowledged that our re-
sources in proportion to our liabilities were
greater than those of any European nation.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Precisely,
liic CHAIRMAN. The time for general
debate has closed.
^ The amendment of Mr. Butler, of Massa-
chusetts, was rejected.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to insert
in the fourth line the words "in Alaska." It
has been called to my attention that as Alaska
is not a Territory we would otherwise have no
enumeration of its people.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM. I offer the following
amendment, to come in at the end of the fourth
f-cction as a proviso :
Provided, That tho enumeration herein provided
for shall be so taken in the several districts na to
-how tho whole number of Indians not taxed in
eaeli.
The object of the committee, Mr. Chair-
man, manifestly was to secure an enumeration
of all the inhabitants, including Indians not
taxed, and I think it should be expressly so
stated in the section. Gentlemen must see
that the second section of the fourteenth arti-
cle of amendment to the Constitution of the
United States, which is of obligatory force,
cannot be carried into effect at all unless this
information is furnished. We must regard
that provision of the fourteenth article as a
limitation upon the statutory power of Con-
gress. An apportionment of representation
cannot, under that section, be made at all,
unless the enumeration of the inhabitants
shows the number of untaxed Indians in each
State and district.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have no objec-
tion to the amendment of my colleague, [Mr.
BrxGHA-v.] I will only remark that what he
proposes was not in the old law and was never
in any of the laws regulating the taking of the
census ,• but I think the census has always been
taken in accordance with my colleague's sug-
gestion.
Mr. BINGHAM. ^ This limitation contained
in the fourteenth article of the amendment was
not m the Constitution at the time the other
censuses were taken; and I think it is very
essential that the proviso which I have offered
should be added to the section.
The question being taken on Mr. Bisguam's
proposed amendment to the fourth section, it
was agreed to.
Mr. KELLEY. I offer the following amend-
ment to tho fourth section:
Strike out all after tho word "act," in the ninth
line, down to and including the word "district," in
the fifteenth line.
It will be observed that by this amendment
I propose to strike out the proviso which author-
izes the appointment of one superintendent of
a district for a whole city, embracing two or
more congressional districts. I have nothing
to say in support of the amendment in addition
to what I have already said, except to express
my earnest conviction that the census will be
more thoroughly and better taken if each con-
gressional district has its own superintendent
than it can possibly be by confiding the large
cities—in one of which there are four and a
half districts, while in New York there are, I
think, six—to any one man. I trust the
amendment will prevail.
The question being taken on the amendment
offered by Mr. Kellex, it was agreed to.
Mr. BIRD. I move to amend section four
by inserting after the word ''allowance," in
line sixteen, the words "not to exceed four
dollars a dayfor each dayactuallyemployed;"
so that the proviso will read:
Provided, That in any city which forms the whole
or a part of two or more congressional districts the
Secretary of the Interior may, if in his judgment
the efficiency of the serviec will thereby be pro-
moted, appoint one district superintendent for such
city and for the whole territory of tho congressional
districts of which such city forms a part, instead of
one for each congressional district; and areasonable
allowance, not to exceed four dollars a day for each
day actually employed, for clerk hire may bo made
to any district superintendent; the amount whereof
shall be determined by the Secretary of tho Interior,
whenever in his judgment the necessities of the ser-
vice shall require it.
This is an allowance to be made to clerks,
and I know of no reason why we should fix the
wages of the superintendents and of the enu-
merators and not fix the wages of the clerks
whom the superintendents may see proper to
employ. It is well enough to submit such mat-
ters to the discretion of an individual when he
has opportunities of knowing; but the Secre-
tary of the Interior cannot understand the rela-
tion which every superintendent sustains to his
particular jurisdiction, and therefore he can-
not judge properly of the extent of the service
required in each particular case. It seems to
me, therefore, that the House should adopt
this amendment limiting the amount of wages
to the sum of four dollars per day. There ought
to be some limit. There may be instances
where a man engaged in this particular service
may see proper to employ his son or grand-
son, or his father or grandfather, and certify
that such and such services are essential; and
although it is not common in this ceuntry for
such things to take place, yet peradventure
they may. By thus guarding the revenue we
may save some small item of expense to the
General Government.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. WOOD. I desire to offer an amend-
ment which probably the gentleman who has
charge of the bill may acccpt. I move to insert
after the word "census," in line six, the words
' who shall have been a resident of the dis-
trict at least one year."
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I should not
like to accept that. It would be a restriction
that it seems to me would not be right and
ought not to be made.
Mr. WOOD. I will except the Territories
if the gentleman will agree to it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I cannot agree
to that.
Mr.^ WOOD. Then I desire to say one word
upon it. As the section now stands it is within
the power of the Secretary of the Interior to
send from Massachusetts into Ohio, or from -
Ohio into Massachusetts, an officer who is an
entire stranger to the people of the congres-
sional district to perform this duty of taking
the census. I think there is an obvious pro-
priety that the person intrusted with the duty
of taking this enumeration shall have had some
previous personal knowledge of the people
among whom he goes for that purpose. My
amendment, therefore, is simply to restrict the
power of the appointment to some one person
in the district who shall have resided therein
at least one year. While we indulge in the
luxury of carpet-bagging, have already done
so to some extent, I think this is not the occa-
sion to permit anything of that kind.
The whole value of the census depends upon
its accuracy. Let us provide every possible
check we can to prevent inaccuracy. Suppos-
ing that a resident of the district, a man who
is familiar with the people, who can have ac-
cess to all this information which we desire to
procure, believing that some such person as
that should be selected by the Secretary of the
Interior, therefore I have offered this amend-
ment to preclude him from seeding this officer
from one congressional district into another, or
from one State into another.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the gentleman
will amend his amendment by striking out the
term "one year" I will have no objection to
it. It seems to be eminently proper that this
officer should bo selected from the inhabitants
of the districts.
Mr. WOOD. What constitutes residence?
A man may come into the district to-day and
be appointed to-morrow.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. He would not
be a resident.
Mr. WOOD. There should be a limit as to
time, and I must insist upon one year.
Mr. WILKINSON. I move to amend the
amendment so as to ;n;tke the term of resi-
dence six months instead of one year. There
are large congressional districts in the United
States where it would be utterly impossible to
obtain the services of a man who has resided
there for even six months. Some of the new
settlements in the new Territories I apprehend
contain large communities where it would be
very difficult to find a competent man who
would take this place who has been a resident
there for six months. _ Therefore I think that
the restriction as to time ought to be stricken
out entirely; and although the enumerator in
every case should be a resident of the district
to which ho is appointed, yet I think there
should be allowed to the appointing officer
such a discretion as will enable him to select
the most suitable man that can be obtained. I
withdraw my amendment to the amendment.
Mr. CLARKE. I renew the amendment to
the amendment. Mr. Chairman, if I under-
stand the^ amendment of the gentleman from
New xorK it provides that no person shall be
eligible to appointment as an enumerator un-
less he shall have resided for one year within
the enumeration district. Now, there are lar^e
districts in the State of Kansas where under
such a requirement of law it would be abso-
lutely impossible to obtain any man with the
proper qualifications for this office. There are
more than half a dozen counties of my State 
Mr. PAINE. If the gentleman will permit
me to interrupt him, X should be glad to cor-
rect a mistake which he makes. The amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York refers
to the superintendent of the district, not to the
enumerator.
Air. CLARKE. Then I have misunderstood
the proposition.
Mr. CULLOM. I ask that the amendment
be again read. If it is as the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] states, then wc have
misunderstood it.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment will be
again read.
The Clerk read as follows:
®ixth lino of tho fourth section, after the
census, insert tho words "who shall have
oeen a resident of tho district at least one year."
