8260
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
enrich himself and his confederates, whose nom-
ination was never expected to be confirmed, and
with whose frauds and peculations the Govern-
ment have been busy ever since ? He defied
the remedy of impeachment for suck acts. The
officers' terms have long since expired, and
money was stolen and cannot be recovered;
the people must suffer the loss, and this is the
wholeof this fanciful responsibility of superiors.
But true and just responsibility in all officers,
is what this bill seeks to enforce. It enables
the President and heads of Departments to
find out whether candidates are (it for the
places they seek, and whether those in office
are fit to be retained.
The gentleman from Wisconsin misreads, or
rather reads backward every provision of this
bill. He undertakes to state aproposition which
he s&ys is contained in it, and then quotes a sen-
tence as sustaining his view of the proposition,
when in fact it states exactly the reverse.
But the sophistry and its refutation go forth,
together. Either he misunderstands the mean-
ing of the language I have used with, much
care, or I do. I>et those who read judge. I
will not stop to answer such pretense of argu-
ment. It is not worthy of refutation, or even
of respectful consideration.
But the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Nib-
lack] meets my proposition in a fair, manly,
«.nd straightforward manner. He acknowledges
his adherence to the raasim that to the victors
belong the spoils. He favors no restrictions
upon the President or heads of Departments in
the making of appointments. The party that
wins should have the offices; a clean sweep
and no favor, is his creed. He opposes all
" tenure-of-office'' bills, all restrictions upon
the discretionary appointing (and removing)
power of the executive chiefs. He does not
believe in any improvement of the civil service.
Its evils are owing to erring human nature, the
circumstances of the time, the demands of
party, the necessities of administration.
. I can respect an honest and manly opponent
who plants himself squarely upon these propo-
sitions, which ore in direct antagonism to those
which I maintain. It is for the purpose of
taking these minor offices out of the turmoil
of politics, and of protecting the faithful incum-
bents from the ebaaces and revenges of polit-
ical change that. I bring this measure before
the House and the American people. The offi-
cers who transact the routine business of the
Government, those who keep its records, who:
preserve its archives, wfao keep its accounts,
who assess its taxes, who collect its revenues,
who disburse the public moneys, should be pro-
tected from all the consequences of political
agitations. Far down in the sea, it iss&id* the
waters are always still, and the business of these
offices is tran«aeted far below the surface-cur-
rent of party. If there is any portion of the
power of the Government outside of the judi-
cial power which should be protected from
political agitation, it is that whioh is executed
by these subaltern clerks aad revenue officers.
These subaltern offices and their iticRrtbents
should not be tossed upon the ; angry waves
of party, but .should be, if none others ace?,;
anchored in still water. .
I mean no disrespect. I eaat no alur upon
the meritorious persona in the eiivil- service of
the United States by what I say; While the
great body are respectable, we all know that
there are many in that service who taint its
character. Tbe worthy have to,suffer for the
conduct of the unworthy. . No worthy person
in that service imagines that I mean any dis-
respect to him. I have been laboring for
years to make that service respectable and to
secure permanence in office for the meritori-
ous, while, at the same time, this taint- toay be
removed, this stain wiped away, and the foul
ulcer of corruption, be cut out and wholly ex-
tirpated. And I la vow that-1 have the sym-
pathy of every honest and honorable man in the
service.
Shall we attempt to make a reform is the
question ? I present this bill in its broad scope,
to invite discussion, not to prevent it. I care
not whether the principle be applied to all the
Departments of the Government or to only one,
so that it be fairly tested. If it were a new
invention or discovery of mine, I should hes-
itate to ask consideration for it at all. But it
has been tried and found valuable in the expe-
rience of all civilized nations, and I have the
hope that it may be tried with advantage here.
We have not invented or discovered all that is
useful either in government or in administra-
tion. There ore many things in the executive
and administrative departments of other na-
tions that we may study and copy with benefit
in our own.
The remedy may seem to be cumbrous, but
the evil is vast, and must not be nibbled at, but
comprehended and destroyed as a whole. It
cannot be mastered by an attack in part or in
detail. It may be impaired by favoritism or
partisan feeling. I regret that I am obliged
to say that nothing in governmental science
can wholly escape the blighting curse of these
malignant political diseases. Yet in a great
degree their virulence may be mitigated and
their evil consequences lessened. The remedy
now offered has been found the most effectual
of any heretofore discovered or devised. It
may be attacked by those who are interested
in perpetuating the means by which this pecu-
lation and thievery can be made profitable, and
it may be criticised unfavorably by the thieves'
advocates. Bat this kind of opposition fur-
nishes the best evidence of its merits.
: The notion has been again brought forward
in this debate that this bill proposes to create
an aristocracy. I have several times before
exposed this bugbear. Who would compose
this dreaded aristocracy? Who but the in-
spectors, tide-waiters, light-house keepers,
gangers, Department clerks, messengers, and
assistant assessors and collectors? A formi-
dable array, indeed, and one likely to subvert
the liberties of tbe country, whose hamble de-
pendants they are! Net a hundred of the offi-
cers within the scope of this measure receive
over $2,500 a year, and the great majority
less than $1,200. The queens of this aris-
tocratic society, I suppose, would be found
among the ladies who eount money in the
Treasurer's office, or who make copies in the
Post Office and Patent Office at $900 a year.
Whit tk fearful,.nay terrible aristocracy to
plant among tbe institutions of a representa-
tive republic! Bur the subjeot is too ludicrous
to be pursued in this grave debate. The op-
ponents of this measure are at liberty to make
free use of this "aristocracy" argument.
The evils in the present system are admitted,
ahd it is testified on all sides that they result in
great lass to the Government. On the other
hand tbe objections to the remedy are all tech-
nical. I have not heard- a single gentleman
attack the principle of this measure. I have
read through tbe debate of yesterday with great
care, and I do not find a phrase or a line which
fell front tbe lips.of any of the gentlemen here
attacking the principle or decrying the end and
purpose of this measure. All that was said
simply attaeks the details. Those details may
be modified if necessary, by consultation with
the executive department, or otherwise, so that
some measure may be evolved which shall
begia -to- penetrate and destroy this great evil.
But while gentleman decry the details, it is to
be observed that no one has proposed any other
remedy. If there is such a remedy I should
like- to hear it. It may be better than this,
and^f so I would gladly aceept its I am not
wedded to this or that form. I simply say to
the House and to the country, " If yon have
anything better to offer than this, we will takei
it; if not, try this."
Mr. EL A I wish to ask the gentleman a
question. He has talked of the defalcations of
men in office. I would ask him if the propor-
tion of men in office who plunder the Govern-
ment is greater than the proportion of defec-
tions among clergymen, or any other class of
men?
Mr. JENCKES. I will answer the gentle-
man's question. The subject he alludes to is
one which I have investigated. The proportion
is as ten to one. Hundreds of these defalca-
tions of Government officials are never heard
of. Men who have plundered the Government
quietly slide out of offices which they have
occupied, and are never prosecuted.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired.
Mr. WHEELER. I move to proceed to
business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. JENCKES. I appeal to the gentleman
to waive his motion for a little while. I desire
only about ten minutes more, and we may then
dispose of this matter by recommitting the bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Rhode Island asks unanimous consent to pro-
ceed for ten minutes. The Chair hears no
objection.
Mr. JENCKES. Gentlemen have argued
this matter as if no one were interested in this
reform or in this subject except members of
this House and these subordinate employes of
the Government, who are mainly nominated
by members of this House. I submit that there
are millions who are interested in it. Is not
every tax-payer interested when he knows that
$50,000,000 of our revenue is either not col-
lected or is wasted? Do they not pay-higher
taxes on everything they eat, drink, or wear to
make up for the money thus stolen or lost?
Are not the people interested in keeping away
from the public crib those who come to it
merely to feed and not to serve ? Are they
not interested in seeing that the public reve-
nues are not consumed by idle, incapable, and
inefficient persons, or stolen by the dishonest?
I say they are interested.
There is not a lumberman wielding the ax
in the woods of Maine who iB not interested
in having honeBty and fidelity in every fiber of
this Government. There is not a fisherman
on our seas, sailing by St. George's banks, or
those of Newfoundland,
"Bent (trimly o'er his straining lines or wrestling
with the storms,"
but is interested in knowing that the public
affairs are honestly, ably, and faithfully cared
for at home. There is not a farmer now driving
bis plow through the cold soil in our northern
States who does not at times Stop to think
whether the public servants are dutiful and
faithful. There is no planter watching his
crops in the cotton lands or rice lands of the
South; no miner delving among the Sierras;
no herdsman tending his herds on the plains
of Texas; no shepherd guarding his flocks
among the mountains and along the hill-sides,
who is not .interested in the subject we now
have before us. Tbey work with nature ; their
return is what God's blessing gives to faithful,
working and waiting and watching and tending
and guarding. Upon them at last fall all the
burdens by which this Governments sustained
and the nation lives.
Is it nothing to this vast multitude of honest
workers and toilers and delvers that their bur-
dens of taxation are increased by the incapa-
city and dishonesty of those whom they pay
liberally for service and protection? Is it
nothing to these millions who are wresting a
^usanty subsistence from the reluctant elements
fffy daily and nighty toil, that those and those
in their pay who are watching the chances
for what are called "pickings and stealings"
around our great custom-houses and through-
out our internal revenue ? Isitnota matter
of thought with them that there are hundreds
and thousands' fastened on to our revenue
service in both branches who have attached
themselves to it, not to serve and collect, but
to waste and steal ?
I for one believe that this is a matter'
which goes straight to the hearts of tbe people.
Others as well as myself have tor the last few
