1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2317
accounts at the Treasury, and would be com-
pelled within three months from its passage to
furnish to Congress and the country a state-
ment of what he has done with all the money
he has spent during the existence of the bureau,
i do not propose to touch the present Office
of Education. I leave that to stand as it isuntil
some future day, when I hope to see that abol-
ished also.
Such is a brief and fair outline of the bill
of the committee and the substitute which I
desire to offer, and in support of which substi-
tute I am seconded by my colleague upon the
committee, the gentleman from Arkansas, [Mr.'
Rogers,] who has been called away from the
city to-day.
Mr. Speaker, we have reaehed the time when
the Freedmen's Bureau and all that belong to
it should be abolished. The people expect it.
Sir, it never had a constitutional foundation,
and so apparent was this fact that those who
originated it based it upon certain war powers
which they claimed in a time of war were supe-
rior to and outside of the Constitution. It was
accordingly attached to the War Department,
and became a part of the war establishment
where civil law was unknown, and where might
and right were synonymous terms. Its Com-
missioner and his agents were selected from
the officers of the Army. Even the clerks re-
quired in the bureau were assigned to it by the
order of the Secretary of War. Its authority
was enforced at the point of the bayonet, and
much of the funds it received and squandered
were the fruits of forced levies upon a pros-
trated and conquered people.
But, sir, I will not go into the discussion of
the constitutionality of the establishment of
the Freedmen's Bureau, nor will I criticise at
length the motives and conduct of those whom
it has prospered and now feeds. Its founders did
not intend to make it a permanent part of the
Government, but limited its operations both as
to territory and duration. The day has at last
come when even the pretended reasons for its
establishment no longer exist, and the time
for its continuance, as declared when it was
organized, has expired. Letit be discontinued.
Let it pass away as a part of the war that gave
it birth, and let us settle up its affairs by the
substitute I propose to offer.
Mr. Speaker, the Freedmen's Bureau was
established by an act of Congress on the 3d
day of March, 1865, near the close of the war,
to serve certain political purposes and to give
the color of law to certain acts of Government
officials, such as had been done prior to that
time in open defiance of even the laws of war.
By the terms of the act creating it the bureau
was "to continue during the then existing
rebellion and for one year thereafter," and was
limited to " the territory embraced in the oper-
lions of the Army."
On the theory that the warhad ceased in 1865
Congress one year thereafter, on the ICth day
of July, 1866, extended the bureau for two
years from that date, and to furnish a plausi-
ble pretext for such continuance provided that
the bureau should "at all times cooperate with
private benevolent associations of citizens in
aid of freedmen, and with agents and teachers
duly accredited and appointed by them," and
should hire or provide by lease buildings for
purposes of education, and should "furnish
such protection as might be required for the
safe conduct of such schools." That was the
beginning of this educational division of the
Freedmen's Bureau, and was thefirstlawpassed
by Congress giving any Federal officer any
control over the subject of education within the
States. This act placed the conduct of agents,
teachers, officers, and other emissaries of the
bureau above the law and civil authorities, and
compelled the War Departmentto sustain them
in their pretensions by military force. By this
law the present educational division of the
bureau became a very consistent and appro-
priate part of that military despotism which
then exercised its cruel sway over the southern
people.
At the end of these two years of extension
the bureau was again continued by an act of
Congress for one year from the 10th of July,
1868, with the condition that it should be
withdrawn from any State when it should be
duly represented in Congress; but that the
educational division of the bureau should not
be thereby affected in a State " until such State
should have made suitable provision for the
education of the children of freedmen." By
this act all unexpended balances in the hands
of the Commissioner of the bureau, not
required otherwise for the due execution of
the law, "were directed to be applied for the
education of freedmen and refugees." But,
sir, this continuance of the bureau until the
16th of July, 1860, was not satisfactory to the
country. The two political parties were just
taking their positions for the presidential can-
vass. Votes were in demand. To get them
the usual amount of pledges and professions
of economy must be made by the party in
power, but, it seems, without any intention
that they should be kept. To render the result
of the race more secure, all baggage that could
be dispensed with must be cut loose and left
behind. The Freedmen's Bureau had justly
fallen into such odium, its conduct had become
so unjustifiable, thepeople were so clamorous for
its discontinuance, that Congress, in a few days
after the passage of this act, so far retraced its
steps as to still further limit the powers and
continuance of the bureau by the passage of
an act, the second section of which is in these
words
" Sec. 2. And leitfurther enacted, That the Commis-
sioner of the bureau shall, on the 1st day of January
next, cause the said bureau to bo withdrawn from
the several States within which said bureau has
acted, and its operations shall be discontinued. But
the educational department of the said bureau, and
the collection and payment of moneys due the sol-
diers, sailors, and marines, or their heirs, shall be
continued as now provided by law until otherwise
ordered by act of Congress."
By this act the country was given to under-
stand that the Freedmen's Bureau was to end
on the 1st day of January, 1869. All charges
made against it duringthe canvass of 1868 were
answered by the statement that it was a war
measure, passed for temporary purposes, and
would cease on the 1st of the following Janu-
ary. The prospect of an early relief from this
burdensome, unauthorized, and odious bureau
gave pleasure to the entire country, except to
its officers, agents, and emplov6s, who subsisted
and fattened upon its operations.
It is now claimed that the educational divis-
ion of the bureau was not limited to the 1st of
January, but was to continue "until otherwise
ordered by Congress.'' The time for the discon-
tinuance of that part of the bureau had already
been fixed by Congress. By the act of June
24, 1868, Congress had declared that the edu-
cational division of the bureau should be with-
drawn from any State whenever it should make
"suitable provision for the education of the
children of freedmen within such State."
Suitable provision for the education of colored
children has been made in all the States.
The constitutions of all of the late confederate
States contain provisions for the education of
their people more liberal and _morc effective
than can be found in the constitutions of the
northern States. They have even put the
negro upon an exact equality in all respects
with white persons. One of the Representa-
tives from Massachusetts has said on this floor
that the constitution of Virginia was better in
its educational provisions than that of Mas-
sachusetts. Why, then, should Massachusetts
force this bureau upon Virginia? Even if one
or two States have not yet completed their
educational systems so as to suit the taste of
Radicalism, that furnishes no reason why you
should make the powers of the Freedmen's
Bureau perpetual by erecting this proposed
Bureau of Education. All the States are pro-
gressing in the perfection of their educational
systems as rapidly as could be expected or
wished. In this age of radical and rapid
changes, in a country ruled by destructives,
the work may seem to move forward too slowly;
but the most enduring reforms are not effected
with violence. For necessary reforms in the
school system in my State I prefer to trust it to
the wisdom of the two millions of her people
rather than their fourteen Representatives in
this House; nor do I deem it necessary to call in
Massachusetts or Tennessee to tell them what
to do. But, sir, if the States which have made
suitable provision by their constitutionsfor the
education of the children of-freedmen should
change their constitutions in that respect, you
claim to have a remedy. You say that when a
State ceases to make what you call necessary
provision for the education of its people that
its government ceases to be republican in form,
and that it then becomes the duty of Congress
to interfere and make its government repub-
lican in form. In that monstrous doctrine I
do not concur. But why not refrain from the
exercise of that unconstitutional and revolu-
tionary power until its pretended necessity con-
fronts us?
Sir, since the organization of the bureau
you have furnished the freedmen, for whose
protection it was designed, with the ballot. In
all the States intended to be reaehed by this
bill, the colored voters are either in the major-
ity or hold the balance of power as between
contending parties.
You have persistently contended that the
right to use the ballot would enable the negro
to protect himself. He has at last not pnly
become a voter but a legislator, supreme judge,
United States Senator, foreign minister, and
you have thrust him into many of the State
and county offices of the late slaveholding
States. By his vote he is able to tax the
property of the white man and force him to
educate his children. This right is unob-
structed. You have been saying to us, "Give
the colored man a chance." So say I. You
have carried him long enough ; now give him
a chance. Drop him into the road to his des-
tin3r, and start him on his way amid the strug-
gles and competitions of life. Encourage
yourselves to think that you believed what
you said about his capacity for self-govern-
ment, and induce other people to believe you
were sincere in your professions by your actions.
You have poured out millions of treasure and
sacrificed hundreds of thousands of lives for
his freedom. You have overthrown sovereign
States and willfully violated the Constitution
of your country to make him a voter, and
now you propose to rob the people to educate
him. Sir, I know that you owe him a great
deal. He ha3 been of great service to you.
You have made more out of him than he will
be able to make out of himself. You owe your
positions in this House to him. You owe the
whole Administration to him; and when I saw
many of your leaders of both Houses of Con-
gress embrace one of his race at the close of
his speech in the Senate the other day I was
inclined to forgive them for their weakness
when I reflected upon the debt of gratitude you
owe his people; but, sir, when you attempt to
put yourhandsinto thepockctsof the people of
my State in order to pay him for his past ser-
vices and to engage him for the future I have
a right to protest against the robbery.
Mr. Speaker, in a time of prosperous trade,
freedom from a public debt, with abundant re-
sources lightly taxed, this attempt to place this
additional burden upon the people would be
an outrage; but how mueh greater will be the
outrage in view of our present financial con-
dition ? The people have thus far endured this
bureau because they were assured that it was
temporary and soon to be lifted from their
shoulders. Business now staggers beneath its
financial burdens and cries out for relief, but
in violation of the repeated pledges ot von-
