1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5149
Mr. CONKLING. With as much steadfast-
ness as the Senator from Ohio manifests I
shall feel it my duty to stand by what was once
known as the naturalization bill, which has
come now simply to be a police bill containing
nothing about naturalization, but provisions
adopted by the House denouncing pains and
penalties against fraud, all of which I believe
in substance are in the statute already; but
the Senate has added two important provis-
ions, most important in my own State: one, a
provision allowing the United States marshal
to furnish a force at the polls to quell disorder,
which is very important; the other, a provis-
ion authorizing the circuit judges to appoint
inspectors of elections, if I may so say, that
is, one person from each political party having
the right to be present, somebody who shall
not be driven away by force, at the registra-
tion of voters, and present again at the recep-
tion of the votes and their deposit in the box
and at their counting as they come out of the
box.
All Senators of either political party who
sympathize with the idea of the purity of elec-
tion must see, first, the importance of these
two provisions, and second, that they inter-
fere with no man's notions touching the ques-
tion of naturalization, because they have noth-
ing to do with it.
Mr. President, a day was fixed within which
this bill should be definitely disposed of. By
the accident of the occasion, no matter how,
without attributing blame to anybody, the agree-
ment under which we were to act was broken
up, or it was avoided; it disappeared, no mat-
ter how, and we are cast over upon this day.
Now I shall appeal emphatically to the Sen-
ator from Ohio, and I hope he will not turn a,
deaf ear to the appeal, to allow us to vote upon
these sections which, without touching natural-
zation, furnish us in the State of New York
those means of public peace and of order with-
out which a popular election there is_ little
more than a scandal and a farce. It will not
take much time, and I trust that at least the
majority of this body will stand by me, when
the pending railroad bill is disposed of, in get-
ting a vote upon this measure, and at that time,
if I am fortunate enough to gain the ear of the
Senator from Massachusetts, I intend to address
an appeal to him.
When he first offered the amendment touch-
ing the word " white" he offered it to a natural-
ization bill, the substitute of the Senate Judi-
ciary Committee, which did concern the busi-
ness of naturalization. I shall ask his atten-
tion to the fact that now, by the action of
the Senate, everything touching naturalization
lias been eliminated from this measure, and it
stands a naked police bill touching frauds con-
cerning elections ; and inasmuch as there is,
for example, a bill regarding servile labor
which we are going to consider, to which this
amendment would be more germane in every
way than it would be to the bill to which I now
refer, I shall appeal, and I hope not in vain,
to that honorable Senator to allow us to have a
final vote upon this measure of police, of public
order, and public decency, and not to ship-
wreck that, too, by launching us upon a sea of
troubles which is to grow out of the consider-
ation of the Chinese question.
The honorable Senator from Indiana [Mr.
Morton] says, and I think the facts bear him
out, that if the Senator from Massachusetts
will waive his amendment upon this bill, and
put it upon another, we can dispose of this bill,
v/hich. is no longer a naturalization bill, in three
minutes. Sowecan. Surely nobody will want
to debate it.
And now, Mr. President, without seeming
unduly earnest about this matter, the Senate
will forgive me for saying, if I may make a
partisan remark, that, on behalf of the Repub-
lican party of the State of New York, (which
insists that it is not outvoted either where the
green grass grows or where the Russ pave-
ment is, but that it is year after year defrauded
of the free and honest expression of the
majority of the people of that great Common-
wealth "by frauds which smell to heaven and
cry aloud for reformation,) speaking for the
Republican party of that State, I conjure the
majority in this Chamber not to refuse to do
an act that, although in the interest of neither
political organization, vindicates itself, and
must do so in the eyes of all honorable men,
as a mere measure lor ascertaining the public
will and preserving the public order.
I hope the Senator from Ohio, on the one
hand, will not refuse me this favor, and I earn-
estly hope that the Senator from Massachu-
setts, agreeing with him as I do and voting with
him as I did upon the propriety of expunging
the word "white" from the naturalization
laws, will not at this moment interpose against
this police bill an amendment which must be a
mere block of the wheel, a mere piece of steel
thrust into the cable to stop the current and
prevent our doing something which is most
useful in itself, and which without that objec-
tion we may certainly accomplish.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President 
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator will yield
to me I will take but a moment-
Mr. STEWART. I should like to go on.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I never
object to the Senate taking a vote at any time
upon any question, and if we could take a vote
upon this railroad bill and dispose of it without
further debate I should not object. If we
could take a vote on the bill in regard to nat-
uralization, which, without the amendment of
the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sum-
ner,] I believe would meet with scarcely any
objection, I should not object to that; and we
could then go on with the tax bill. But I
submit to the Senate, and especially to the Sen-
tor from Massachusetts, that we should con-
sider the condition in which business is placed.
Any Senator has it in his power at any
moment now to arrest the business of the
Senate and prolong the session. I have it in
my power, and so has any Senator, by moving
amendments, doubtful propositions, to any bill,
there being no rule here to restrain it, and pro-
long the session indefinitely, to the serious
detriment of the public business.
Now, I think the Senator from Nevada,
having had his say on the question upon which
he proposes to speak, having been heard for
half an hour on Saturday—
Mr. STEWART. I do not yield for the
purpose of having the question argued whether
1 have a right to speak.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am appealing to the Sen-
ator from Nevada whether under the circum-
stances he ought not to forego further debate
and let us proceed with the tax bill, a bill
which is st.ill depending, which must be acted
upon within the next two or three days, or
else the session must inevitably be prolonged.
1 appeal to the Senator from Massachusetts
and the Senator from Nevada, the two rival
contestants on this Chinese question 
Mr. STEWART. I refuse to yield longer.
Mr. NYE. I want to ask one little favor.
Is there to be a session to-night? This is the
night for an evening session, I understand.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This is the
alternate day, under the rule.
Mr. NYE. The honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Davis] informs me that he wishes
to make some remarks on the amendment pend-
ing to the Atlantic and Pacific railroad bill,
and if the Senate will give me half an hour to-
night, by unanimous consent, ttedispose of that
bill, I shall not ask to have it further consid-
ered now.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is it in order for me to
move to lay this bill aside?
The PRESIDENT pro temporeThe Sen-
ator cannot get the floor for that purpose with-
out the consent of the Senator from Nevada,
[Mr. Stewart.]
Mr. STEWART. I do not give way.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Besides,
the rule which authorizes a motion to 1
a bill has been repealed.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is a second viola-
tion of a unanimous understanding made by
the Senate in regard to this matter.' It was
agreed that this bill should be closed on Satur-
day, and yet it is now made to stand in the
way of bills that it was admitted by unanimous
consent should stand as the unfinished business
for to-day.
Mr. STEWART. I shall be through in a
few minutes.
Mr. DAVIS. I rise to a question of order.
The Senator from Nevada has retained the
floor for now nearly half an hour, and claims
the right still to hold it, and yet a promiscuous
running debate has occurred.
Mr. STEWART. Here is more of it. I
cannot yield further.
Mr. DAVIS. I am making a point of order.
The Senator from Nevada has been claiming
to hold the floor for some time, and yet a pro-
miscuous running debate has been going on,
and it may go on till night. I want to know
if a Senator can retain the floor and havte that
state of things continue?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Strictly
speaking, when a Senator yields the floor he
yields it unconditionally ; but it has always
been the practice of the Senate to allow a
Senator in possession of the floor to yield for
a remark or a suggestion from other Senators.
If the Senator from Kentucky demands the
enforcement of the strict rule 
Mr. STEWART. Am I in order?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Nevada will be in order when the
Chair has announced his decision on the point
of order made by the Senator from Kentucky.
If the Senator from Kentucky requires the
strict enforcement of the rule the Chair will
enforce it.
Mr. POMEROY. I require it if he does
not.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The prac-
tice of the Senate has been to allow a Sen-
ator on the floor to yield temporarily, he
retaining the right to resume the floor.
Mr. DAVIS. I want the Senator from Nevada
to proceed, and not to have his time taken up
in the way it has been.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Nevada
cannot yield the floor conditionally. If he
yields it at all he loses it.
Mr. STEWART. I do not yield now to the
Senator from Kansas. I claim the right to
speak.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator has been on
the floor fifteen minutes.
Mr. STEWART. I claim the right to the
floor.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Nevada is on the floor.
Mr. POMEROY. He is not entitled to the
floor. He has yielded the floor. No parlia-
mentary rule entitles him to the floor again
unless he gets it by addressing the Chair before
anybody else does.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It has
uniformly been the practice of the Senate, as
the Chair has just stated, to allow a Senator
in possession of the floor to yield it tempora-
rily to other Senators; but if a strict enforce-
ment of the rule is required the Chair will
hold that a Senator yielding the floor cannot
resume it of right. But the Senator from
Nevada is now upon the floor. He will pro-
ceed with his remarks. He will understand
now that if he yields the floor, the enforcement
of the rule be'ing demanded, he yields abso-
lutely.
Mr. STEWART. I will go on.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I rise to a question of
order.
Mr. STEWART. I have the floor now; I
am recognized.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. But the
Senator from Illinois rises to a point of order.
He will state the point of order.
