1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
359
41st Gong....2b Sess.
Fifteenth Amendment—Mr. Hamilton.
Ho. op Reps.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask for information,
not to disturb the tenor of these remarks. I
should like him to inform the Senate what
meaning he imputes to the words "and be-
ing otherwise qualified," in the eleventh and
twelfth lines of section three, at the top of
page 3, in connection with this right of the
party to vote, or in connection with his right
to register ?
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. There is
the difficulty about this bill. We see on this
floor a great diversity of opinion among emi-
nent Senators with regard to its provisions.
The honorable Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sher-
man] and the honorable Senator from Nevada
[Mr. Stewart] yesterday had a controversy
about that very clause referred to by the hon-
orable Senator from Vermont, and they can-
not agree now. Is it right, with such differ-
ences of opinion among ourselves, that a
criminal law should go forth to the country
and not be made plain and clear enough so as
to be understood, not only by ourselves, hut by
everybody, and especially by the humble judge
who is to receive our votes, or the officer who
is to register our names as electors under its
provisions or agreeably to them?
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my friend from Mary-
land will excuse me, I think he did not appre-
hend my question. My question was, not what
my friend from Ohio or my friend from Nevada
thought about it. but what he himself thought
about the meaning of those words to which I
referred.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I am just
talking about a fact, and coming to the ques-
tion.
Mr. CASSERLY. Will my friend from
Maryland allow me a moment?
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Yes, sir.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not agree with the
Senator from Vermont, and I think, upon a
careful study of his own work, he will not agree
with himself very long. The affidavit is what
the Senator from Maryland was discussing,
and what the affiant is required, not to show,
but to state ; and there is not one single word
in all that part of the section requiring the
affiant to state, even in the most general terms,
that he is a qualified voter. It does not de-
mand of him the assertion of a qualification ;
but in the entire absence of any asseveration
of that kind on the part of the affiant, the bill
holds the judge of election criminal, and pun-
ishes him as though the man were a qualified
voter. That is what strikes me, and I respect-
fully submit it to the Senator from Vermont, as
a very objectionable feature of that part of the
section.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not wish to interrupt
my friend from Maryland. ■ I merely wish to
remind my friend from California that when he
says he does not agree with me he must say
that he does not agree with me in asking a
question. I have made no assertion and ad-
vanced no proposition with respect to that part
of the bill as yet. I shall, when the proper
time comes, probably. I merely made an
inquiry.
Sir. CASSERLY. The Senator from Mary-
land was discussing the objectionable character
of the provisions with regard to the affidavit,
how entirely one-sided and imperfect they were,
stating what the affidavit was to contain, and
stating what it was not required to contain. I
understood the Senator from Vermont, for the
purpose of meeting that general line of objec-
tion. to direct the attention of the Senator from
Maryland to previous language in the section,
■ o the words providing that the claimant to a
vote shall be " otherwise qualified " as a voter.
Now. what I desired to call his attention to
was this, that that language does not meet the
objection of the Senator from Maryland to the
affidavit, and to suggest to him that the affi-
davit does not in any place, so far as the stat-
ute is concerned, state that the maker of it is
a qualified voter,
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my friend will pardon
me, he has entirely misunderstood my pur-
pose in rising. I say again I made no intima-
tion as to what my opinion was, or what it would
be; but I merely rose, as I stated, for the pur-
pose of obtaining information, because I know
my friend from Maryland is capable of giving
it. I should place great confidence in his judg-
ment. I wished to get his view as to the
meaning of those words; that is all.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Mr. Pres-
ident, if we come to the proper construction
of this section, in reference to the portion to
which my attention is drawn by my friend, the
honorable Senator from Vermont, it will be
observed by that Senator, and I think by any
one who will read it, that there is great want
of coherence and compactness in it. It reads:
And the person so offering and failing as aforesaid,
and being otherwise qualified, shall be entitled to
vote m the same manner and to the same extent as
if he had in fact performed such act.
It is to that part of this section that my at-
tention is directed, and the learned and hon-
orable Senator from Vermont desires to have
my opinion as to the force and effect of the
words referred to by him upon the subsequent
portion of the section.
If the honorable Senator will look at the
preceding sections of this bill he will observe
that in every leading clause the words "other-
wise qualified" are used, and that phrase is
carried into this section as referred to by him.
But it appears to me that it must be admitted
that no power is thereby conferred upon the
judge of election to inquire into that fact,
namely, the qualification of the elector; but, as 1
before maintained, and as I still think, and as
I believe the mature judgment of the Senator
himself will determine on further reflection
upon the question, that the judge of election is
bound by the act of the party alone, and that
is the presentation of the affidavit as required
to be made by the section. It controls every-
thing. It is a substantive proposition. There
is no direct power given to the judge to in-
quire into the qualification of the elector, nor
can it be implied by any reasonable construc-
tion. The whole section refers exclusively to
the action of such officer or party besides the
judge of election, and from whom this appeal
is taken ; and this affidavit is made to reverse
the action of that officer denying him as an
elector, and when made and presented is to
be conclusive upon the judge of election, or to
the receiver of votes. I will read it again :
And any judge, inspector, or other officer of elec-
tion whose duty it is or shall be to rcceive, count,
certify, register, report, or give effect to the vote of
any such citizen, who shall refuse or knowingly
omit to receive, count, certify, register, report, or give
effect to the vote of such citizen, upon the presenta-
tion by him of his affidavit stating such offer and the
time and place thereof, and the name of the officer
or person whose duty it was to act thereon, and that
he was wrongfully prevented by such person or officer
from performing such act.
It excludes, in terms, all examination into
the qualifications of the elector. The officer of
election can do one thing, and one thing only—•
receive the affidavit when presented and the
vote. The words "wrongfully prevented''
cover everything, as well the qualification ot
the party as that he was refused to perform t he
act required to become an elector. If he were
not " otherwise qualified" his affidavit would
be false, for it implies that he is in every respect
a qualified elector, and concludes the whole
case.
I ask my honorable friend from Vermont, if
this be not the true consiruction of this clause
of the bill, why the necessity of the party
making this affidavit at ail that he was legally
entitled to vote? is the judge of election, if
the party claims to be wrongfully deprived, to
inquire for what cause? Because or color?
Because of previous servitude? or because ot'
race? No; but for being generally denied the
right to vote, and that is determined absolutely
under this section of the bill, upon this affi-
davit? Is there any right to inquire into his
qualifications if be were not precluded from
registering as a citizen of the United States?
If you had incorporated in the section that lie
was " unlawfully prevented from voting by
reason of bis race, color, or previous condi-
tion of servitude," that might make it plainer
and would present but one issue, and that con-
templated; but by the language of this clause
it applies to all cases, whether the deprivation
was because of the inhibited distinction in the
amendment, or because of his general qualifi-
cations as an elector.
If there was a clause in this portion of the
bill requiring the party to state that he was so
deprived by reason of his race, his color, or
his previous condition, then the judge of elec-
tion would only have one question to determ-
ine, and that would be as to his race, his color,
or his previous condition of servitude. But
the judge of election, if the construction inti-
mated by the Senator may be indulged, is to
go into all the precedent qualifications required
to be established before the registrar. I ask
the honorable Senator whether he is willing t6
put such a construction upon this section that
will confer upon the judges of elections the
power to go into the whole qualifications of
electors upon the day of election, when your
registry laws forbid it, and forbid it under
severe penalties, these laws having constituted
other officers to determine the qualifications
of the elector? If the construction intimated
be the true one, then this section substitutes
the officers holding the election as the triers
in the last resort of the voter; providing for
an appeal from the register or other officer to
him, and subverting in faet all laws by the
State for holding elections, or it does not the
whit worse compel the officer holding the elec-
tion to take his vote upon his affidavit, as I have
before shewn to be, as I think, the correct
construction of this section.
Will honorable Senators be fair, be just, be
precise, be accurate in the framing, the con-
struction, and in the exposition of a lav/ of this
great importance. When the sole object of
the law purports to be, and therefore should be,
to enforce the fifteenth amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States, and that amend-
ment involves only the denial of the right of
franchise on account of race, color, or pre-
vious condition of servitude, I ask Senators
whether they will under that provision of the
Constitution subvert all our registration laws
and change the duties of our officers of elec-
tion on the day of election, in defiance of our
own State laws ? Is that power to be exercised
and your officers of election to be made the
instruments of this law instead of their own
law ? Can it be possible that under the amend-
ment the Congress of the United States can
claim this controlling power to itself and sub-
vert entirely the rights of the States over these
great subjects
Mow, Mr. President, when you come to con-
trast the first, second, third, fourth, fifth, sixth,
seventh, and eighth sections of the House bill
with the Senate bill, you will find that all this
is eaiefully avoided in the House bill. This
bill is in clear and distinct terms to be under-
! stood by lawyers, to bo understood by judges,
to be understood by inspectors of elections,
and judges of elections, and by the juries who
are to try those officers if they violate it. But
how loose, how broad, how indefinite, how ill-
defined, are the provisions of this Senate bill!
! They are imperfect in all things save in their
limitless grasp for power over the States and
the people of the States.
1 am opposed to this third section because it
op"ns the door for boundless fraud. It sets
■iside the registration of voters calm'y and
