1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1373
nothing more need be done. Bat if we are to
have any legislation at all upon the subject
let us have such legislation as will reach the
evil and put a stop to it.
The great mass of the Mormons are either
actively or passively in hostility to the Govern-
ment of the United States. A great majority
of them are of foreign birth, brought from their
homes by persons assuming the garb of bish-
ops or apostles of the church, and have never
known, and never would know under the pres-
ent system, anything of the institutions of this
country. The power of these priests and presi-
dents and apostles and bishops over them
must be destroyed, so that the light of Chris-
tianity and civilization may reach their be-
nighted understandings. They know nothing
of the glorious principles of our Declaration
of Independence. They have no impressions
in regard to our people except as they are
taught by Mormon teachers. They are led to
believe the American people are the most in-
famous and blood-thirsty people on the face of
the earth, and they hear from their pulpits, in
their workshops, in their fields nothing but the
denunciations by their leaders against the
American people. Under such a system of
things it is not to be wondered at that these
ignorant and deluded people come finally to
regard us as their worst enemies, and become
passive or active agents in the hands of their
leaders to carry out their infamous designs.
Under almost any other system of religion
or ethics we might hope that in time they would
be divested of their prejudices and partake of
the influences of enlightenment and civiliza-
tion which are spread throughout this great
country. And upon this theory the argument
is raised that we had better do nothing now,
that the system will die out, especially since
the completion of the Pacific railroad, which
will bring them more and more under the in-
fluence of our civilization and our modes of
life. I confess that I had some hope that such
would be the case upon the completion of the
Pacific railroad. But, sir, the testimony shows
that since the completion of that great work
there ha8 been a greater degree of proscription
on the part of the leaders of that people than
ever before. Within the last few months many
men, Gentiles, who had been in business
there, and who in years past had been favored
with some degree of prosperity, latterly these
men have been hunted and persecuted and in
every way thwarted in their enterprises until
they have been compelled, in order to protect
their persons and their property, to leave the
Territory and return among people where lib-
erty and freedom prevail.
Sir, Brigham Young stands at the head of
all affairs, spiritual and temporal. He has the
power of "sealing." He is a "revelator
ne is prophet, priest, seer-revelator, first pres-
ident, and trustee of the church of Latter-day
Saints. He holds the keys of the kingdom ;
unfolds to the people the will of God as reve-
lator.' As seer he warns the people of danger,
and as priest seals men and women for time
and eternity. The testimony shows that while
there is no law upon the statute-books of the
Territory in relation to marriages in any way
whatever, yet there is a law in relation to
divorces. Brigham Young seals the people in
wedlock and divorces them at pleasure. But
of late, since it has become apparent to him
that perhaps a little observance of law would
be necessary in order to save his head, while
he divorces his people one from another in
secret, yet after it is done by him, and not until
then, do they ever approach a court of justice
to have the bonds of matrimony broken. To
show the power as well as the supreme author-
ity claimed and exercised by him I will call
your attention to a sentence or two from a
sermon recently delivered by him in that Ter-
ritory. He says:
'I have never yet preached a sermon and sent it
out to the children of men that they may not call
scripture. Let me have the privilege of correcting a
sermon and it is as good Scripture as they deserve."
Such, Mr. Speaker, is ihe manner in which
hespeaks to those benighted and ignorant peo-
ple, and I suppose it is true that the great mass
of them believe that he speaks as from God.
But I must not occupy the attention of the !
House longer. I desire, however, again to say
a word upon the question of polygamy. As I
i have stated, it has been declared a criminal
offense by every State and Territory in the
Union, and is regarded by the civilized world
as opposed to law and order, decency and i
Christianity, and the prosperity of the State, j
Polygamy has gone hand in hand with mur-
, der, idolatry, and every secret abomination.
Misery, wretchedness, and woe have always
marked its path. Instead ofbeingaholy princi-
ple, receiving the sanction of Heaven, it is an
institution founded in the lustful and unbridled
passions of men, devised by Satan himself to
destroy purity and authorize whoredom. It
is not enough to say that it was practiced
| by many of the ancients and has been men-
! tioned in the Bible. While it is true that such
i practices did prevail to some extent in ancient
I times, yet in no single instance does Holy
Writ approbate it.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired.
member sworn in.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will now ad-
minister the oath to the gentleman who was
declared by the vote of the House .yesterday
to be entitled to a seat.
Mr. Charles H. Van Wyck presented him-
self and qualified by the taking of the oath
Erescribed by the act of July 2,1862, and took
is seat as Representative of the eleventh con-
gressional district of the State of New York in
place of George W. Greene, declared not entit-
led to the seat.
order of business.
Mr. DAWES. I now move that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union on the special order,
being the annual appropriation bill for legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses.
Mr. WHITTEMORE. I move that the House
proceed to the consideration of business on the
Speaker's table. !
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from South Carolina, [Mr. Whittemore,]
to proceed to the consideration of business on
the Speaker's table, takes precedence of the
motion that the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The question being put on Mr. Whittemore's
motion, the House divided; and there were—
ayes 30, noes 81.
So the motion was disagreed to.
Mr. Dawes's motion was agreed to.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
The House resolved itself into the Commit- ,
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, j
(Mr. Cessna in the chair,) and resumed the i
consideration of the special order, being the
bill (H. R. No. 974) making appropriations for
the legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1871.
The pending amendment was to strike out
the proviso from the following paragraph" under
the heading " Court of Claims:"
For payment of judgments which may be rendered
by the court in favor of claimants, $100,1100: Provided,
That no judgment of said court for any sum exceed-
ing $5,000 shall be paid out of this appropriation
unless the same shall be specifically appropriated
by Congress. But this proviso shall not affect the
right of any party to appeal from a judgment ren-
dered by the Court of Claims to the Supreme Court
of the United States.
Mr. KELSEY. For the purpose of perfect-
ing this matter, before the motion to strike out
the proviso is put, I move to strike out from
the proviso the words '' out of this appropria-
tion." I move this for the purpose of making
the law general and applying it to all appro-
priations as well as to this appropriation of
$100,000. This practice of appropriating
money to pay demands that are not yet estab-
lished against the Government is one that has
grown up quite lately, and seems to me entirely
indefensible. We ought not to appropriate
money from the Treasury to pay any demand
until that demand is established. But the
reason for departing from that rule in the case
of judgments in the Court of Claims is that
many ofthese judgments are for small amounts,
and it would be a hardship on the persons who
have prosecuted their claims to judgment in
that court to be compelled to wait until an ap-
propriation had beeu made by Congress after
their claims were established.
You will remember, sir, that some three or
four years ago there was great complaint made
in the public prints that judgments for large
amounts had been obtained in this Court of
Claims and paid out of the Treasury, because
the appropriations were made in advance. In
the last Congress a proviso similar to the one
now under consideration was inserted in the
appropriation bill, and passed this House.
That proviso was finally defeated, mainly
through the efforts of the distinguished gentle-
man from Vermont, [Mr. Poland,] who moved
to strike out this proviso because it took away
the right of appeal from the Court of Claims to
the Supreme Court. Recognizing the sound-
ness ot that objection, the Committee on Ap-
propriations of this Congress have now added
to the proviso a provision that the right of appeal
shall not be affected at all by this proviso. The
right o f appeal undoubtedly should be preserved.
I cannot agree with the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Butler] who said that the pro-
viso should be struck out or the appropriation
should be struck out. I can see no good rea-
son for objecting to striking out the appropri-
ation. That will leave all these claims upon
the same footing which all the other claims
against the Government stand upon. But if
you appropriate money in advance for claim-
ants to scramble for through the Court of Claims
there is danger that some of these large claims
will be forced through, and the money all taken
out that is appropriated, while the men who
have small claims and who ought to be paid
are left without appropriations for a year or two
longer.
Now, Mr. Chairman, it seems to me that it
does not make very much difference whether
you strike out this appropriation entirely, and
place all these men upon the same footing, or
whether you give this small appropriation of
$100,000— $1,000,000 was asked for—but allow
only those who have smaH claims against the
Government the benefit of it.
But the principal reason why I urge the adop-
tion of this amendment striking out the words
I have indicated is that it will prevent the pay-
ment of the very class of claims referred to by
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Bot-
ler] when this bill was last under considera-
tion. It will prevent the payment of these cot-
ton claims and other large claims against the
Government until an appropriation shall be
made by Congress. I thinK that Congress
should retain control of these matters and that
they should not surrender it entirely to the
Court of Claims. It is proper enough and safe
enough in the interest of men who have small
claims that they should be paid, without wait-
ing for an appropriation, after they have ob-
tained their judgments. But certainly it can
do the people do harm if the money going to
these large claimants is not appropriated until
after their claims are established.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I riSb to
oppose the amendment. The other day when
this bill was up I expressed the hope that this
proviso would not be stricken out, and I stated
as one reason that as the Court of Claims
was organized it placed the Treasury at the
control of the solicitor of the court. I was
reminded by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Butler] of the fact,which I had for-
gotten, that we had abolished the office of Soli-
citor of the Treasury; bat that does not change
