2318
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
gross and of the party in power you propose to
continue and increase this Freedrnen's Bureau
which you promised to abolish.
The chief argument urged by some gentle-
men in support of this bill is that it makes no
appropriation of money. Why, sir, its second
section takes from the Treasury over six hun-
dred thousand dollars, and the third section
casts upon the proposed bureau duties which
will require still greater appropriations for their
execution. This modest sum it is claimed is
all that the bureau will require for one year,
and yet that sum is large enough to pay the
salary of the President ot the United States
for more than twenty-four years. To ask for
a laiger amount might defeat the scheme ; and
its supporters, rather than run that risk, prefer
to trust to farther appropriations. It is idle to
talk about this project costing nothing. Who
expects to carry on this new department, this
proposed national supervisory cooperating
school-houso building school-teaching concern
without money? You may deceive the people
into that belief for a time, but the tax-gatherer
will tell them a differeul tale. The educational
department of the Freedrnen's Bureau, which
you now propose to continue, has already built
over two thousand school-houses. Doyou sup-
pose they cost us nothing? Why, sir, the How-
ard University, which tins bureau built for a
negro college in this District,, cost us over half
a million dollars. Yet in the face of all these
vast expenditures you now propose to give the
power that swallowed up and squandered those
millions of public treasure to a new bureau,
without even requiring it to account to you for
its conduct.
The Froodiiieu's llureau was required by law
to ri'nder its account, to Congress ; but this bill
does not,inflict upon this new bureau the painful
duty of exhibit ing to the tux-payers an account
of I ho, expenditure of this money. Profligacy
and recklessness is thus to go unbridled even
by the fear of detection. Not a line in this bill
tells this Commissioner where, or when, or in
what sums ho shall spend the money you place
in his hands, except that he shall spend it for
the solo benefit of "froedmon and refugees.''
lie may spend it all in Virginia or all in any
other State. No rule is laid down, nor is any
proposed by which the funds at the disposal of
the human, or the duties of its agents and olli-
cers shall bo fairly and equally divided among
tlio States, nor is the Commissioner restricted
from supporting one class of benevolent socie-
ties, incorporated bodies, or churches to the
exclusion of all others. We are to hold out
the public pnr.%0 to him and he is to take from
it, what ho chooses, spend it where he pleases,
account for it to nobody, and is controlled by
nothing but his discretion. Yes, sir, he is
limited. He cannot spend a dollar of it for
the benefit of any ono except it be an officer
of thfj bureau, a freedman, or a refugee. A
white skin shuts out poverty and destitution
from a share in your bounty, unless it covers
a refugee. Mr. Speaker, in calcufating the
cost of this new Bureau of Education we can-
not compare it with that of the Freedrnen's
Bureau. That bureau, as I havoUated, belongs
to the War Department, and the principal
part of its agents and officers belong to the
Array, are major generals, brigadiers, colo-
nels, &c., and are paid out of the war fund,
out of the $33,845,000 which the Administra-
tion asks ns to appropriate this year for that
department. These agents and officers, con-
sisting of State superintendents and sub-agents
under their supervision, are scattered all over
the southern States. If we withdraw thatbureau
and set up this one in its place on a civil basis,
we only relieve those officers and agents with-
out stopping their pay as officers of the Army,
and must supply their placcs with agents and
officers from civil life, whom we must pay with
moneys to be appropriated for that purpose.
What the number and salaries of those officers
and agents will be this bill does not tell us.
All that is to depend upon the discretion of
the Commissioner of Education.
Sir, the people of the State of Illinois ex-
pended for common-school purposes in the
year 1805, $3,l!)3,t>30; in the year 18GG, S-i,-
3f>9,2ofi; in the year 18U8, SO,430,881, and
during the year ISO1.) over $8,000,000. Besides
those vast sums there were paid out, additional
amounts in support of her State normal and
agricultural colleges and all her other incor-
porated colleges and seminaries of learning.
Her common schools numbered 10,117. attend-
ed by 700,780 scholars, instructed by 19,037
teachers. Tho school directors alone elected
in school districts for the management of those
schools numbered over 42,000 persons. If such
is tho magnitude of the school system in one
State, what must he its proportions when we
add together the entire work this bill proposes
to place in charge of the Commissioner of Educa-
tion ! If your cooperation is to mean anything;
if you intend to reach beyond a few cities and
towns ; if you propose to seek out and assist tho
schools in the country districts all over the
States to_ which this bill will apply, you must
prepare for a department more expensive than
any we now support. If the people could only
look in and see what is going on in tho Depart-
ments we now have they would say with ono
voice, '"May Jleaven save us from any morel
Let us conduct our educational affairs at least
by officers and agents selected by ourselves,
who, while discharging their duties, will be
under our immediate control."
The country has but little idea of the abuses
now piacticed by this Administration in tho
various departments of the Government. They
are so flagrant that oven tlie friends of tho Ad-
ministration have been compelled to confess
them. They should be reformed rather than
encouraged and increased. The gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Carfiui,]),] whose member-
ship and experience in tho Itadical party have
enabled liim to know with certainty all its ma-
chinery, said in his speech tho other day, after
describing "the great army of clerks employed
in tho civil Depart,motifs," that " without any
rational organization we are paying that whole
class of employes at least doublo what they can
get elsewhere tlmt "the whole business of
civil appointments depends upon that vague,
uncertain, intangible thing called political in-
llnence." 'Tho pi'cture he drew of the Itadical
mode of conducting those Departments should
not be forgotten. He said :
" Wo f;o man by man to tho lieivls of these several
Departments and say,' I lere is iLt'riond of mine; fjivc,
liim a place;.' Wo press such appointments upon the
DopiirtnuijitK ; wo crowd tho doors; wo till tlio cor-
ridor--; Senators and Representatives throng the
offices and bureaus until tlio public bu-uness i.-; ob-
structed, tlio patience of officers is worn out, and
ponietimes i'or foal' of their places by our in-
flucnco tlioy at last Eivo way arid appoint men, not
because they arc tit tor tlio position, but bccnuso wo
ask it."
What n splendid prospect will the passage
of this bill open up to the army of oflico-seck-
ers! The opportunity it will afford those in
power to give places to their friends has had
no equal. Other bureaus and Departments
have their duties, and often the number of
their agents and clerks limited and fixed by
law. This proposed bureau isto have no such
obstruction. The field of its operations is to
be as extensive as the range of freedinen and
refugees. It will have an empire to fill with
its agents and officers, without limit as to num-
ber or pay. What unspeakable relief will this
new field give those Eadical Congressmen who
now fill the corridors of tho Capitol and the
offices of the Departments in search of public
places for idle friends!
But, Mr. Speaker, we are told that the
bureau is only to cooperate with those who
may be engaged in the work of education.
The bill states that the proposed bureau is—
"Authorized to exorcise tho same powers as those
hitherto exercised by tho Prcedmen's Bureau in its
educational division, and especially in cooperating
with benevolent societies or bodies incorporated for
cduoiitiouut purposes, and the same corporation may
bo extended to Slate and municipal authorities for
similar purposes.''
W hat pow.er does that language confer? What
may the Commissioner do under that authority?
Why, sir, he may do not only what the Commis-
sioner of the Freedrnen's Bureau has done, but
he may extend his cooperation "to States and
municipalauthorities." 1 have not time go over
the detailed history of the Freedrnen's Bureau ;
but to give the House an idea of what it has
done, and what this new bureau may do under
this head of "cooperation," I will point you to
tho He ward University, in this District. On the
2d of March, 1S07, Congress granted a charter
to a low gentlemen, some ofthem merabersof
Congress, to enable them to build the univer-
sity. They had no money. The Freedrnen's
Bureau gave them money to buy the land neces-
sary for grounds, walks, and promenades for
the negro children now in possession receiving
their education. The corporation still had no
money. The Freedrnen's Bureau then gave
them enough of our money to erect their
buildings, liny furniture, employ teachers, and
furnish all other things necessary to put the
college in operation.
Mr. HOAK. Will the gentleman allow me
a single word?
Mr. McNEEDY. I have been allowed but
twenty minutes, and 1 must decline to yield.
Mr. HOAK. 1 know the gentleman does
not wish to misstate tho facts.
Mr. MeNEliLY. I am not misstating any
fact.
Mr. 110All. Does not the gentleman know
that the land for the Howard University was
paid for by sales of parts of the same land, so
that the land cost the Freedrnen's Bureau
nothing?
Mr. MeNEELY. I know what the gentle-
man moans. This bureau bought one hundred
and fifty acres of land, and then went into a
land speculation. Exactly what was done in
that line no man in this House knows. No rec-
ord has been furnished., This House has refused
lo pass n resolution offered by my friend from
Arkansas [Mr. Kooehs] calling for informa-
tion on this point. What that speculation
amounted to tins House and the country can-
not tell. But I say that this university and the
hospital attached to it have'cost the Gov-
ernment over half a million dollars, and this
private corporation finds itself in full pos-
session and ownership without ever having
paid a dollar. The cooperation in that job
consisted in the joint action of a few gentle-
men engaged in getting over half a million
dollars out of tho public Treasury, to be ap-
plied in a project of no use or benefit to tfie
people who furnished the money. But to give
you further evidence of the perfection to which
this system of cooperation has been reduced,
let mo state that after we have built that uni-
versity, and have given it to those private indi-
viduals composing that corporation, we are
this moment paying them rent for an office in
tho building now occupied by the Commis-
sioner of the Freedrnen's Bureau. In the same
way that bureau has "cooperated" in the build-
ing of two thousand school-houses in the sev-
eral States ; and yet the United States has no
tide to one of tliem. This is what is called
cooperating "with benevolent societies and
bodies incorporated for educational purposes,"
and this bill says that the proposed bureau of
education inay continue such "cooperation"
in tho same way. Who has profited in these
jobs and received their share of the spoils
the private, unwritten history of the Freed-
rnen's Bureau might tell, but the people who
furnished the money will never know.
I trust that this House will not add another
chapter to this history of public plunder by the
passage of this bill. We have been told bythe
.Radical leader of this House [Mr. Dawes] that
in the work of economy "we can "have no
aid from the-other end of the avenue," and
