62
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9,
utterly impossible to make this enumeration in
the time allowed by this bill, thirty days, with
ten or fifteen or even thirty enumerators. I
am not quite sure that one enumerator would
be competent to take the enumeration in a sin-
gle county. Therefore, as a matter of fact, I
think it would be impossible for forty enumer-
ators in the State of Kansas to take the census
completely and accurately within the term of
thirty days.
I take it, sir, that what Congress and the
country want to obtain is a full and accurate
census of all the people of the United States
ia all sections of the country, as well as all the
industries, all the mechanical pursuits, all the
resources of this great nation. I am very sure,
so far as my own district is concerned, that
this work cannot be fully and correctly done in
the manner proposed by this amendment. I
say again that in my State at least forty officers
would be necessary; and I think practical
experience will demonstrate that even a larger
number will be required to take the census in
such a State, comprising eighty-five thousand
square miles, with its population scattered over
nearly the whole area of the State. Instead
of limiting the number of these enumerators,
instead of attempting to pursue a policy which,
if economical, is at the same time foolish, I
think it best that we should adopt a system
broad and liberal; that we should allow to the
enumerators a sufficient compensation, so that
we may obtain competent officers, who will go
into all sections of their respective districts and
obtain complete and accurate returns of.the
population, the industry, and the wealth of the
country.
Mr. MAYNARD. I withdraw the amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. PAINE. I renew the amendment to
the amendment..
Mr. Chairman, I will say but a few words
more on this point. I wish to be distinctly
understood by the House, for I have been mis-
apprehended by all the gentlemen who have
undertaken to_ reply to what I have already
said. I said distinctly that I was not sure that
the number named in my amendment would be
large enough. The answer of other gentlemen
has been as if to an amendment prescribing
imperatively a number too small for this or
that business. Now, I am free to admit, since
the gentleman from Kansas has called my
attention to it, that for his State ten would be
too small a number ; but I am not quite pre-
pared to abandon the idea of fixing some num-
ber as the maximum. The question which
would arise in the mind of the district superin-
tendent would be, what shall be the size of these
enumeration districts? In his judgment it
might be necessary that there should be one
for every township. Now, in my own district,
for instance, embracing but five small counties,
one for every township would be too many ;
while in another district one for every town-
ship might be no more than sufficient.
We have in this bill r.o guide for the super-
intendents themselves except their own judg-
ments of the necessities of the case, and we
can see there will be no uniform standard for
them. It is true this matter is subject to regu-
lation by the Superintendent of the Census;
but it is important that there should be some
fixed standard. I am perfectly aware that ten
is too small a number for Kansas. It seems
to me there should be some rule adopted, not
only for the district superintendents, but for
the Superintendent himself. I suggest to the
gentleman who has this bill in charge that he
should offer, if he can do so, some rule to be
a guide for the Superintendent of the Census.
Jlr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
will allow me to say that the only rule we can
adopt is to take a district in his State and
make that the rule. It seems to me we had
better leave it to the discretion and responsi-
bility of the head of the Department in Wash-
ington.
Mr. PAINE. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. BENTON. I propose to strike out in line
seven, section six, the word "one " and in lieu
thereof to insert " three so that it will read:
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted. That each district
superintendent immediately after receiving his ap-
pointment and taking and subscribing the oath here-
inbefore prescribed, shall proceed to divide his dis-
trict into as many subdivisions, to be known as enu-
meration districts, as may be necessary to carry out
the provisions of this act and to complete the enu-
meration within three months after the date fixed
for taking the census.
I propose to state my objections to the bill
as it now stands. It has been stated and re-
iterated over and over again that this census
should be taken with great care and accuracy.
Now, sir, no man can suppose that an enu-
meration can be made all over the country with
care and accuracy in thirty days. It seems to
me that these district superintendents should
have a longer time in which to prepare their
work. Why, the late distinguished Thaddeus
Stevens told us that you could do no one act
in thirty days, and if that be so, how can it be
expected we shall take the census in thirty
days ? Who ever heard of an act contemplat-
ing the performance of such a great work in a
proper and accurate manner in thirty days ? In
some localities where the country is sparsely
settled you will have to send a force from a
distance to make the enumeration, and one
half or three fourths of the whole time allowed
will be taken up in sending them to their respect-
ive fields of operation. Then it should be
remembered that the officers who would be
employed would be uninstructed and uniniti-
ated. All would be new to them. But, after
an experience of one month or six weeks, or
two months, they would be able to do as much
as they could have done in the first instance in
one third of the time. When you place this
work in the hands of officers entirely unin-
structed, I think the interests of the country
would be promoted by having a longer time
fixed than is provided in the bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope the
amendment will not prevail.
The question being taken on Mr. Benton's
amendment, it was not agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the
committee rise.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Wait for five
minutes.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I insist.
The question being put on Mr. Farns-
worth's motion, it was agreed to; and the
committee rose.
The Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr.
Dawes reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, pursuant to
order, bad had under consideration House
bill No. 424, to provide for taking the ninth
census of the United States, and to fix the
number of members of the House of Represent-
atives, and to provide for their future appor-
tionment among the several States, and had
come to no resolution thereon.
SOTITH CAROLINA ELECTION.
Mr. RANDALL. I rise to a question of
privilege. I hold in my hands a paper relat-
ing to the South Carolina congressional elec-
tion, which I ask to be referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections.
The motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. WOOD. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I move that when the House adjourns
to-day it stands adjourned until Monday next.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope that
motion will not prevail. We want to go on
with the census bill and finish it to-morrow,
Mr. WOOD. The Senate has adjourned till
Monday, and I think the House might do the
same.
_ The question being_ put on Mr. Wood's mo-
tion, the House divided; and there were—
ayes 09, noes 66.
Messrs. GARFIELD, of Ohio, and FARNS-
WORTH demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 02, nays 105, not voting
44 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler. Archer, Armstrong, Bar-
num, Beck, Benton, Biggs, J ames Brooks, Burchard,
Burr, Benjamin F. Butler, Calie, Calkin, Cleveland,
Cox, Dickey, Dickinson, Dockery, Dox, Eldridge,
Farnsworth, Ferriss, Fox, Getz, Gilfillan, Griswold,
Haldeman, Hale. Hoas, Alexander H. J ones.Thomas
L.Jones, Judd, Kerr, Marshall, Maynard, McKTeely,
Samuel P. Morrill, Neglcy, Niblaek, Paine, Peters,
Poland, Potter, Randall, Reading, Reeves, Rice,
Rogers, Scofield, Joseph S. Smith, Worthington C.
Smith, Strader, Swann, Sweeney, Trimble, Van
Trump, Ward, CadwaladerC.Washburn, Wells, Wil-
lard, Winchester, and Wood—62.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Asper, Axtell,
Beatty, Bingham, Bird, Blair, Boyd, George M.
Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Buffinton, Burdett, Roder-
ick R. Butler, Cessna, Churchill, Clarke, Amasa Cobb,
Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Cowles, Crebs,
Callom, Davis, Dawes, Deweese, Dixon, Donley, Du-
val, Ela, Perry, Finkelnburg, Fisher. Fitch, Gar-
field, Hambleton, Hamill, Hawkins, Hawley, Hay,
Heaton, Hefiin, Hill, Hoar, Hoge, Hooper, Xngersoll,
Jenckes, Kelley, Kellogg, Kelsey, Knapp, Laflin,
Lash, Lawrence, McCarthy, McCormick, McCrary,
McGrew, Mereur, EliakimH. Moore, JesseH. Moore,
William Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Mungen, Myers,
O'Neill. Ort.h. Packard, Palmer, Pomeroy, Prosser,
Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer, Shanks, John A. Smith,
William J. Smith, William Smyth, Starkweather,
Stevens, Stevenson, Stokes, Stoughton, Strickland,
Strong, Taffe, Tanner. Tillman, Townsend, Twichell,
Tyner, Upson, Van Horn, Voorhees, William B.
Washburn, Welker, Wheeler, Whittemore, Wilkin-
son, Williams, JohnT. Wilson, and Witcher—105.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Arnell, Bailey,
Banks, Beaman, Benjamin, Bennett, Boles, Bowen,
Cook, Dyer, Golladay, Greene, Haight, Hamilton,
Hays, Holm an,Hopkins, Hotchkiss, Johnson, J ulian,
Ketcham, Knott, Logan, Loughridge. Lynch, May-
ham, Morgan, Morrissey, Packer, Phelps, Roots,
Schenck, Sehumaker, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter
Sheldon, Sherrod, Sloeum, Stiles, Stone, V an Auken,
Eugene M. Wilson, Winans, and Woodward—44.
So the motion was disagreed to.
APPOINTMENTS ON COMMITTEES.
Mr. FERRY, from the Committee on the
Rules, reported the following resolution, and
moved the previous question on its adoption:
llesolved. That the Speaker be authorized at his
discretion to assign the Representatives admitted to
their seats since the organization of the present
Congress to any of the standing or select committees
as additional members thereof: Provided, That this
shall not be construed as changing the rule of the
House limiting the number on such committee ex-
cept for the present Congress.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr._FE€lRY moved to rcconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REMOVAL OF DISABILITIES.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
consent to have put upon its passage at this
time Senate bill No. 283, to remove political
disabilities from certain persons therein named.
The hill relates to but three persons, who are
only technically subject to disability. One of
them has been elected to the South Carolina
Legislature to fill a vacancy occasioned by
death ; another is a district attorney of Florida,
and a third is a member-elect of the Alabama
Legislature, and his only disability consists in
his having once held the office of probate judge.
_ Mr. COX. I object to any action on the
bill at this time.
Mr. WOOD. I move that the bill be referred
to the Committee on Reconstruction.
The SPEAKER. The bill is not now before
the House.
ELECTIONS.
Mr. LAWRENCE, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 477) to prevent
and punish election frauds ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections.
Mr. LAWRENCE, by unanimous consent,
also introduced a bill (H. R. No. 478; pre-
scribing the time of electing Representatives
in Congress; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions.
Mr. LA WREN CE. It will not be necessary
