5150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 4,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I insist that the Sen-
ator from Nevada is not entitled to the floor
upon this ground: there was a unanimous
agreement of the Senate that the vote on the
naturalization bill should be taken at five
o'clock on Saturday without debate, and under
that unanimous consent no person could hold
the floor over until to-day for the purpose of
making a speech. Therefore I insist that the
Senator from Nevada is not in order in attempt-
ing to hold the floor for the purpose of making
a speech. It is in violation of the understand-
ing of the Senate, which was that we were to
vote without debate.
Mr. STEWART. Am I not in order?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will first decide the point pf oider raised by the
Senator from Illinois. The agreement under
which the Senate came to an understanding to
vote at five o'clock 011 Saturday was by unani-
mous consent. It was not an order entered
on the Journal, but merely an understanding
among Senators. The Chair has no power and
no right to enforce an agreement of that kind.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am aware of that; but
my point is that a Senator cannot hold the floor
for a speech under such an agreement.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
cannot take cognizance of such an agreement,
and must decide the question precisely as if no
such an agreement had been made.
Mr. SHERMAN. Under such an agree-
ment the bill could not go over as unfinished
business.
Mr. STEWART. Am I in order, Mr. Pres-
ident? If I am I wish to proceed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Nevada is entitled to the floor on the
naturalization bill.
Mr. STEWART. I have had a great deal
of difficulty in getting an opportunity to be
heard on a very serious and important ques-
tion, a question which I have had under con-,
sideration, and probably have considered as*
much as many others. There has been an
unseemly effort to prevent me from being heard.
I want to be heard in the name of the Repub-
lican party, not only of Nevada, but of this
nation. It is clairfied that the Republican party
have done certain things whereby they must
logically do certain other things in order to be
consistent. Now, I propose to show that the
Republican party has never done anything to
commit itself to the policy which is here pro-
posed ; and in order to ascertain that fact, it is
important to know what policy is proposed.
The proposition of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Sumxeh] is nothing more nor
less than this: to extend naturalization to Chi-
nese coolies, brought here under coolie con-
tracts, by which they can be controlled by
Chinese companies located in the city of San
Francisco. They can not only be controlled
in their labor, but controlled in their applica-
tions to be naturalized, and they will be equally
controlled in their votes. They are pagans in
religion, monarchists in theory and practice,
and believe in their form of government, aud
no other, and look with utter contempt upon
all modern forms as dangerous innovations ;
who believe in their monarchical form of gov-
ernment as they believe in their religion ; who
will sacrifice life for it; who will commit sui-
cide for their devotion to their Government
and their religion. The edict from China or
from these Chinese companies will be as per-
fect a control of these men as could be possibly
had. It will be absolute and unqualified. It
is proposed to extend to them the elective fran-
chise, which follows citizenship under your fif-
teenth amendment. There are probably about
one hundred thousand Chinese, nearly all
males, upon the Pacific coast. It will be very
easy under these coolie contracts to bring in
hundreds ofthousands more if you do not check
this coolie trade 5 it will be very easy for them
to have all these men under their coutrol, and
they will be able to sway, if the American peo-
ple submit to it, the political destiny of the
Pacific coast. I am 110 alarmist, but I propose
to review this question calmly.
I say that if you allow what is proposed to
be done to go into effect, if you will not stop
the coolie trade, but permit that to go on, and
then allow the slave masters to bring the coolies
here to naturalize them—because they will be
naturalized if they are asked—the result will
be that they will be under the control of men
who will contract for their votes. They do
not understand the obligations ol' your oaths.
They have many good qualities, however, of
which I am disposed to speak. I am a friend
to the Chinese; but he does not understand
the obligation of your oath. He will take what-
ever oath is necessary for him to become a
citizen, and then I should like to know what
would be the condition of that community?
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President 
Mr. STEWART. I decline to be inter-
rupted.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I rise to a point of
order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Delaware will state his point of
order.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Tho Senator from
Nevada has already stated the object of his
remarks, and that is to demonstrate the con-
sistency of the Republican party. My point
of order is that it is not in order before intelli-
gent men to demonstrate an absurdity. [Laugh-
ter.]
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The Chair
thinks the point of order is not well taken.
The Senator from Nevada will proceed.
Mr. STEWART. If there is any other gen-
tleman in the Senate who thinks he can make
a point of fun to be laughed at, and who wishes
to interrupt me for that purpose, I suppose I
shall have to yield again; but I was not in-
dulging in wit, and do not propose to indulge
in wit, nor to make light of a serious subject.
I think the point of fun made quite as just,
quite as dignified, when compared with the
importance of this question, as the point of
gag that has been attempted by others in this
Chamber to prevent a hearing of the subject.
I say the proposition is made under these
circumstances to extend to the Chinese the
naturalization laws. Now, let me tell you what
has been the position of the Republican party,
and see how you place it 011 the Pacific coast.
We undertook that the Chinaman should be
protected in his civil rights; and one year ago
to-day I had the honor to deliver an address
in which I discussed the question of protecting
the Chinaman in his civil rights; and I received
the criticism and reproach of all Chinese haters
for it. I stood up to it, and I propose to stand
up to it now. I propose that they shall be
protected; but I do not propose to hand over
our institutions to any foreigners who have no
sympathy with us, who do not profess to make
this country their home, who do not propose
to subscribe to republican institutions, who
cling to paganism and to despotism, and who
are bound by contracts which make them
slaves. I do not propose to surrender to them
the political power of this country; and that
is a question which we must meet. That has
been my position from the beginning.
One year ago to-day I made some remarks
on this subject, a portion of which I will read,
and then I propose to read a section of a law
we have recently passed, to show with what
fidelity I have carried out the pledge that I
made to the Chinamen on that occasion:
"Before lea.vl-ng the question of equal rights I
desire to call your attention to a subject of 110 sec-
ondary importance to the peopleot'the Pacific. The
star of American empire has traveled westward until
we have met tho civilization of the East. China ami
Japan are bounded by the same ocean that bounds
us 011 the west. Our commerce and theirs must lluat
upon the s'tjne waters. We must trade with them
and they must trade with us, and the Pacilic must
be whitened witu the commerced'Ameiica and Asia,
or progress murfistop, wealth and power must depart,
civilization recede, and the grand old ocean become
unknown except as heretofore visited by Europeans.
" It has been the ambition of civ-iliac-d liuiupc for
three hundred years to promote trade and friendly
relations with China and Japan. After the acquisi-
tion of California and the discovery of gold the Uni-
ted States soon began to realize the advantagesoftheir
po<" tion; California was foremost in representing the
advantages of trade with Asia. It was used as an
argument to induce the building of the Pacific rail-
road and to secure a subsidy for a line of steamers, and
itwas promised that the United Statesshould realise
great gains upon almost any investment which would
aid in obtaining this important trade. At an eariy
day a treaty was concluded with China which granted
her all the privileges of the most favored nations,
and when thetreaty with Japan was secured Califor-
nia reioiced. Many thousand Chinese are now on
tho Pacific eoast. The truth must be told. We have
outraged the Chinese. Many years ago California
passed two wiclced and obnoxious laws, in plain vio-
lation of our treaty stipulations; one known as tho
' foreign miners" tax,' whichwas only enforced against
tho Chinese, and tho other a tax of live dollars ior
landing in the country. Both taxes were enforced in
a barbarous and brutal manner.
"As the placer mines became exhausted the neces-
sities of the country, and particularly the building
of tho Pacific railroad, invited tho Chinese to other
fields of labor. They have proved their usefulness.
They arc industrious, patient, ingenious, and possess
a capacity for learning all mechanic arts unsurpassed
by any other people. They are willing to perform
any kind of labor at rates of wageswluch will insure
tho development of tho mighty resources of the Pa-
cific. They can mine, they can manufacture, they
cau farm, they can build, they ean construct rail-
roads or do any other thing to develop a country
and produce wealth. There is no question about
their right to be hero. There is nothing in our form
of government which prohibits any foreigner from
coming; on the contrary, we are bound by the most
solemn treaty stipulations to permit them to come,
and to give them the protection of our laws while
here. Notwithstanding their admitted usefulness
and their acknowledged rights, we find a class of
men, some of whom fled from oppression themselves,
maltreating and outraging these people with all
manner of cruelty, and even by mob violence; deny-
ing them the right to labor and live. This must be
stopped. X am not opposed to the association of
laboreis or trades unions for any lawful purpose,
but when violence is used, either against the Chinese
or American boys who desire to learn trades to pre-
vent either from earning an honest living, then the
law must bo enforced, and if there is not enough
laws, others must be passed. In 1866 the civil rights
bill was enacted by Congress, giving the United
States courts jurisdiction, with power to protect all
persons born in the United States in their civil rights.
That law must be extended by Congress to all per-
sons residing in the United States. The power of
tho Government for the protection of the Chinese
and all others must be invoked. Let no one im-
agine that the people of the United States, after hav-
ing made treaties guarantying rights to the Chinese,
after having constructed the Pacilic railroa.d, and
subsidized a lino of steamers to China for the pur-
poso of cultivating friendly relations with that
ancient civilization, will allow a few evil-disposed
persons to break tile lasvs and trample upon the
rights of these people. All the Chinese ask is the
right to labor and to live. What do the enemies of
the development of the Pacific propose to do with
these people? They cannot drive them from the
country; tile United States will never permit it.
They cannot deprive them oflaborby violence; the
honor of the nation cannot tolerate such brutality.
They must labor, steal, or starve. Thefirstis lawful
and useful; the second is criminal and destructive ;
the last is cruel and barbarous. I am in favor of
saving that people from either crime or starvation.
Their request must be granted. They must be al-
lowed to labor and livo. The agitation of the Chi-
nese question by violence has already disgraced the
Pacific and aroused the indignation of ail right-
thinking men. Every act of cruelty is an appeal to
huma.nity in behalf of the oppressed. The Ameri-
can people have proved that they are not deaf to
such appeals. 1 am not here to threaten, but to ad-
vise the people of this const to consider the conse-
quences of injustice and outrage toward the Chinese.
It is better to do right voluntarily than to be forced
to obey the laws and respect the rights of others."
Mr. President, I made the pledge to the
people of the Pacific coast that the civil rights
bill should be extended to the Chinese ; that
they should be protected in their lights ; that
these unjust and odious discriminations against
them should bo removed. I have labored to
redeem that pledge; and now I desire to read
a section of the act to enforce the fifteenth
• amendment, and for other purposes, not only
ij forthe benefit of the Senate, butfor the benefit
ij of the country, to show that we have redeemed
j that pledge. Section sixteen of that act reads
| as follows:
i " That all persons within the jurisdiction of the
! United States shall have the same right in every
; btate and Territory 111 the United States to make
and enforce contracts, to sue, bo parties, give evi-
dence, and to the full and equal benefit of all laws
aud proceedings for the security of person and prop-
erty as is enjoyed by white citizens, aud shall bo
subject to like punishment, pains, penalties, taxes,
licenses, and exactions of every kind, and none
other, any law, statute, ordinance, regulation, or
