1374
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
the fact that the judgments in cues which are
pending before that court will be more or less
dependent upon the party, whoever he may be,
who defends them; and although no man can
have more confidence in the Attorney General
of the United States thau I have—and I know
nothing to the discredit of any of his assist-
ants appointed to defend in that court—still
it must be apparent that to a great extent the
Treasury is in the control of those gentlemen.
The Attorney Geueral of the United States
kas not time to attend to this business person-
ally, and 1 believe he rarely; if ever, goes
before this court. But there is another and
greater reason. If the Treasury is not at the
control of these officers it is at that of every
rascal who chooses to come before the court,
as I will show you. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the House to some most extraordinary
legislation—legislation which, as 1 said before,
puts the Treasury of the United States under
the control of any rascal that chooses to appear
before the court.
I find, by referring to the statutes, that in
1864 this provision was ingrafted on an appro-
priation bill:
"A*d beitfuiiker enacted, That the sum of 1100.000
is hereby appropriated, out of any moneys in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the pur-
pose of meeting any expenses in detecting and brinf-
lng to trial and punishment persons engaged incoun-
terfeiting Treasury notes, bonds, or other securities
of the United States, as well as any coin of the Uuited
States."
And then comes this proviso:
t "Provided, That in the courts of the United States
there shall be no exclusion of any witness on account
of color, nor in civil actions because he is a party to or
interested in the issue to be tried."
So you see that this extraordinary proviso
was very adroitly and covertly introduced under
the skin of an African into an appropriation bill
for reasons I do not know, for I was not here.
Yet it seems that even that was not sufficient,
and that the Court of Claims understood that
that proviso, thongh it applied to all the courts
of the United States, did not apply to the Court
of Claims; and accordingly, in 1867, there was
tbis section ingrafted upon another appropria-
tion bill:
"Stc. 2. And be ti further enacted. That the pro- i
viso contained in the third section, chapter two hun-
dred and ten, of the act of July 2.1864"—
The same one that I have just read— !
" shaM be construed to embrace all snits to which
the United States shall be a party in the Court of
Claims, either plaintiff or defendant."
That was pnt in an appropriation bill; and
does it not justify the declaration that I make,
that the Treasury of the United States is in the
power and control of any scoundrel that may
choose to bring his suit in the Court of Claims
and appear there as a witness?
[Here the hammer fell, j
Mr. POLAND. Mr. Chairman 
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the amendment of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Kelsey.1
Mr. BINGHAM. I suggest to the gentleman
from New York that he withdraw it.
Mr. KELSEY. I want a vote on it.
Mr. POLAND. I will renew it.
Mr. KELSEY. Then I will withdraw it.
Mr. PAINE. I object to its withdrawal.
The CHAIRMAN. The question will then
be upon the amendment to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was to
Strike oat the words " out of this appropria-
tion so that the clanse'will read :
Foa payment of judgments which may be rendered
by the Court [of Claims] in favor of claimants,
tlOO.OUO: Provided, That no judgment of said court
lor any snm exceeding 15,000 shall be paid unless the
same shall be specifically appropriated by Congress.
The question was taken; andnpon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 68, noes 30; no quorum
voting.
'J'e'Jers were ordered; and Mr. Kelset and
Mr. Poland were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 81, noes 40.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Poland,to strike out the proviso as amended
on motion of Mr. Kelsky.
Mr. POLAND. 1 have been somewhat
amused, Mr. Chairman, by the argument of
my friend from Wisconsin [Mr. Washburn]
this morning, as I was by his argument on this
same subject the other day. My frieud most
certainly has a very fruitful imagination in
ferreting out mischievous designs on the part
of somebody to get money out of the Treasury
to which he is not entitled. He discovers such
a design in these very innocent and general
provisions which have been put on appropria-
tion bills, in order to make the national law
upon the subject of evidence precisely what
the law is in almost all, and I do not know but
what it is the law in all States of the Union,
allowing parties and persons interested in cases
to testify in courts of justice. These provisions
have been adopted by Congress ; to be sure,
they have been put on appropriation bills.
But these provisions are just exactly what the
law is in my friend's own State of Wisconsin.
Those provisions apply to the courts of that
State, to the courts of my own State, and, so
far as I know, to the courts of every State in
the Union.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. That is
in cases at issue between individuals, where
one party can swear against another ; but the
United States has no power to swear.
Mr. POLAND. It is precisely the same
provision of law that applies to cases where
suit is brought by or against a State or couuty,
or other public corporation. The legal principle
is not varied at all from what obtains in the
courts of the several States.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I believe that some
of the States make a distinction between the
two classes of suits ; that class where there are
parties equally capable of swearing, and those
cases where there is but one party that can
swear, as in the case of suits brought against
a State.
Mr. POLAND. Thegentleman will bear in
mind thatl have but five minutes in all allowed
me to discuss this amendmeut.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I was merely stating
an exception to the general rule.
Mr. POLAND. It is the law of my own
State that where one party has died the other
party shall not be a witness in the case.
Mr. SCOFIELD. That is the law of the
United States.
Mr. POLAND. But there is another thing
which my friend from Wisconsin [Mr. Wash-
burn] is very greatly exercised about. He !
seems to be greatly in fear that the Attorney
General may some time or other suffer himself
to be bribea, or may be foolish enough to allow
a judgment to go by default against the United
States, and in that way open the door for sweep-
ing out entirely the contents of the Treasury
of the United States. And although my friend
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] said that
this is an upright court, and its judgments were
entitled to as much faith and credit as those
of any other court in the United States, and
although this court may and must try a case in
open day and publish their decision in the face
of the world, yet my friend seems to be afraid
that some diabolism might govern this court
and lead them to render judgments which
would sweep away the entire Treasury of the
United States. j
I have never heard, Mr. Chairman, ofanyim- !
aginary terror like this, unless it be that related
in a story which I recollect to have heard some ;
years ago of an old inaid who, being discov- j
ered indulging in very great lamentation, was ;
asked the occasion of it, and replied that it had
occurred to her that possibly at some time or
other she might get married; that some time
or other she might have a baby; that some
time or other her baby might crawl in the oven
and be burned up. [Laughter.] That is the
only case I have ever heard of where imagin-
ation looked so far forward and upon so little
foundation as the fears of my friend from Wis-
consin and my friend from Pennsylvania.
Now, Mr. Chairman, if anybody wants to
say that persons who have honest claims against
the Government shall have no possible way of
having those claims examined and getting their
pay, then this proviso ought to be struck out;
but if we intend to furnish a means by which
persons who have honest claims against the
Government shall be enabled to enforce the
payment of Bucli claims, no means that ever
has been devised or ever can be devised is
more proper, just, and equitable, as between
the Government and its citizens, than this pro-
vision that ihey may go before an independent
tribunal and prosecute their claims in the face
of open day; not in the quiet of some commit-
tee-room, not upon ex parte testimony, not, in
the secret purlieus of some Department, but
in a court of justice in open day, where the
whole world may look on if it pleases, where
the judges are required to write out their
opinions, to give the reasons lor their judg-
ments and publish them to the world. Herein
lies the safety of the Go vem men t against fraud-
ulent claims; not that claimants may come be-
fore Congress, may go into some committee-
; room, and upon ex parte testimony, or upon
what they may say to members of Congress at
the corners of the streets, obtain the payment
of their claims.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Chairman, as refer-
ence has been made to the workings of the
provision allowing parties to testify in their
own cases in the Court of Claims, 1 wish to say
! that if the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Po-
■ land] will examine that portion of our con-
gressional history he will find that the very
! provision which he vindicates conferring this
. right was ingrafted upon an appropriation bill
i for the purpose apparently of affectiug a par-
ticular case then pending before that court,
and that case certainly a very extraordinary
oue.
On the 5th day of August, 1861, Mr. Came-
ron, theu Secretary of War, sold five thousand
condemned Hall's carbines for $3 60 each,
amounting to $17,486, to Arthur M. Eastman.
On the 7th day of August, Simon Stevens,
agent of John C. Fr6mout, holding a commis-
sion as major, as the report before me shows,
professed to purchase the same arms, and
turned theui over to General Fremont for the
Government for twenty-two dollars each, mak-
ing an aggregate of $110,000. A committee
, of this House, after a very careful examination
of that case, decided that the transaction was
fraudulent, and the Secretary of the Treasury
was instructed by resolution of this House not
to pay the voucher for $68,175 which Simon
Stevens had obtained as a part of the price of
the arms, apparently his commission. This
resolution passed With great unanimity. The
committee of Judge Davis and others, ap-
pointed by the War Department to investigate
the same subject, reached the same conclusion,
that the transaction was fraudulent. I have
both reports before me, showing that the arms
were the arms of the Government on the day
they were sold; that General Fremont, then in
command at St. Louis, had appoiuted Stevens
as his agent at New York to purchase arms for
the Government; that Stevens purchased the
same arms sold as condemned arms by the War
Department, and obtained as his commission
a voucher for $58,175, the payment of which
was intercepted by the action of this House.
A suit upon that voucher was pending before
the Court of Claims at the time the provision
referred to was incorporated in the appropria-
tion bill. Under that provision the testimony
of Simon Stevens was received and a judg-
ment rendered in his favor for $58,175. At
the last session of Congress this Housedirected
the attention of the Solicitor of the Treasury to
the matter, and an appeal was taken to the
