m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 19,
Senate.
Fifteenth Amendment—Mr. Hamilton.
41st Cong 2d Sess.
deliberately made. It allows people on the
hurried day of election to vote upon their mere
affidavit. I am opposed to it because it opens
the door to perjury. I am opposed to it because
it enjoins upon State officers duties not author-
ized by the fifteenth amendment. I am opposed
to it because it subverts the election laws and
registration laws in the States, and goes far
beyond the design, intent, scope, and meaning
of the words of the fifteenth amendment, if any
law at all under them can bo passed on the
subject.
Now, Mr. President, having disposed of those
sections of-the bill, allow me to pass on for a
few moments to other sections that are im-
portant and which are objectionable more upon
general considerations. They do not refer to
the manner of voting, nor to the manner of
holding elections, nor what is to be done in
jespect to the qualification of electors. The
fourth section provides for the punishment of
persons who by force, bribery,-threats, intim-
idation, or otherwise, shall hinder, delay, pre-
vent, or obstruct, or attempt to hinder, delay,
or obstruct any voter from registering or becom-
ing a qualified elector under the laws of any
State. There is, of course, a difference of
djjinion in respect to the power of Congress
over that question; whether under the fifteenth
amendment you can undertake to determine
questions of bribery, forco, threats, intimida-
tion. Sir, do you believe that tho fifteenth
amendment confers upon Congress the right to
go into these questions, and particularly under
the comprehensive provisions of this bill, which
involves the right of every citizen to vote, and
consequently all the relations arising out of itV
t do not. And why do 1 so say?
"Tho State shall not deny nor abriilfto tho rifrht to
voto on account oi race, color, or previous condition
of servitude.
Doos that confer upon you tho authority to
determine that as the Slate is denied the power
to abridge the right of these three classes of
persons to vote, therefore they cannot be
approached and bribed, and that thereby you
have full power to pass laws against bribery ?
How are you to draft a law of the kind, aud
how are you to enforce it? Are you to say
that one is bribed on account of his previous
condition of servitude; lie ia forced, forsooth,
on account of his color, or intimidated on
account of his race? Does the fifteenth amend-
ment confer upocuthe Congress of the United
States tho power to say, as this bill proposes,
that an offer to bribe, threaten, or intimidate
any citizen, without lespcct to color or race
or previous conditiou, at once puts the per-
son who attempts to bribe, or do any of the
acts mentioned in the seetion, into the courts
of tho United States, takes him from his
State and from the common law jurisdiction
of his State, and places him at onco under
the control of the Federal jurisdiction ? Such
a comprehensive power as that takes all your
election laws, all your laws for bribery, all
your laws about force, all your laws about
threats and intimidation to anybody and to
everybody upon election days, and upon all
kinds of occasions involving elections or the
right to vote, into tho jurisdiction of the Gov-
ernment of the Uuited States, aud it divests
the State courts of all jurisdiction over these
subjects, making tho cognizance of all ques-
tions arising under this bill in the violation of
any of its provisions exclusive in tho courts of
the United States.
I ask the honorable Senator who reported
this bill of the Judiciary Committee whether
it does not ipso facto take from the State
courts all jurisdiction of questions of bribery,
of questions of force, of intimidation, aud of
threats, arising in any or all elections held in
tho State, whether State or municipal? I ask
in solemn earnest, before this hill is passed
and becomes a law, whether it does not trans-
fer from the jurisdiction of the State courts
into the great maelstrom of Federal judicial
power all these great questions of local police
and internal concern; and if it does, I ask
Senators to pause. The very foundation-stones
of your Government are Duiltupon the elective
franchise; upon the electoral process in the
States; and here you propose to transfer all
its muniments and safeguards to the Federal
Government. I ask Senators to pause. This
fourth section says that all offenses committed
under the provisions of this act shall be tried
under the jurisdiction of the United States,
and it is made exclusive in terms. You repeal
all State laws against bribery, against corrup-
tion, against intimidation, against threats; and
you divest the States of that great and para-
mount power they have always hitherto held
over their agents in these all-important con-
cerns of State existence and State govern-
ment.
I ask them to look at another feature of this
bill. It is the glory of the common law of
England that a man for crime must be tried
by a jury of his vicinage, by the men who are
presumed to know him; that he shall be con-
fronted with tho witnesses against him, and the
witnesses supposed to be generally known to the
jury. His character, the character of the
witnesses, the character of the prosecution, all
enter into the trial, and not by tho proof as
adduced on the witness-stand only, but by that
quiet, certain, pervading influence that tho
knowledge of men and things always exerts
aud that nothing can resist. Hut what does this
bill propose to do? You take a simple-minded,
plain, and honest registrar or judge of election,
and for a mistaken sense of judgment, while
he is acting in a judicial capacity, you take
him from his home, you take him into what
may be called a foreign jurisdiction, where he
is a stranger, too poor possibly to bear the ex-
pense of common comforts or to employ coun-
sel he does not know; you try him by a jury
unknown to him and he unknown to them,
his witnesses and the witnesses against him
unknown to the jury, and all, therefore, of equal
standing unless technically impaired. You try
him before a court the jury of which is sum-
moned by a marshal, a marshal appointed
because of his political opinions, and who can,
and often does, carry his opinions into tho
summoning of the jury. How different from
the kind of trial under the common law of
Kngland handed down to us by our ancestors.
This is what you propose to give to the plain
people of tho States in managing their own
local affairs, and place them under a juris-
diction in which all the cases affecting their
elections, so dear to tho people and so much
prized, and upon which all their local self-gov-
ernment depends, a jurisdiction foreign to their
tastes, habits, andancientcustomsandliberties.
There is another thing connected with this
bill, and it is a most serious matter, and it
arises out of this very fourth section. You
have emancipated the negro by the thirteenth
amendment; you have made him a citizen by
the fourteenth amendment; you have given
him the right to voto by tho fifteenth amend-
ment; you have placed that unfortunate race
in a position where they are compelled to wres-
tle with the world; you have by the fifteenth
amendment brought them in contact, face to
face, with the white man, and now you propose
to begin your legislation. You see how far
you have got. Being now allowed to vote, you
say it is necessary to throw around him all the
protection which ingenuity may devise, and
therefore you undertake to pass laws by which
practically they are not to be influenced, by
which men shall not approach them, by which
they aru not to be intimidated, by which they
are not to be threatened, by which they are not
to be inspired with fear, or it may be not with
hope.
Laws of this kind generally would not be
applicable to t.he Anglo-Saxon, or those who
have been hitherto tho voters of this country.
You propose to guard the negro. How? Here
lies the great danger and the great wrong that
will be perpetrated under the provisions of this
bill, and especially in that part of the country
where this race dwells and where it is num-
erous.
I know and you know what it is to speak to
a public meeting, and especially to large and
excited political meetings. You know what
arguments are effective; you know what pas-
sions are wrought upon; you know what hopes
are held out and what fears are inspired in
your appeals, even to an audience of white
men. It may be safe for mc, or it may be safe
for our friends in the South, to speak and appeal
in public to our negro population ; to explain to
them their real present condition; to point out
to them the dangers of the future, the danger
to be apprehended from the men who would
gather them into leagues, rings, and societies,
make bad politicians of them, and unify them
against the Democratic party. You may ex-
pose to them the evils of their present position,
tho dangerous power that they have secured,
also the grave responsibilities they have in-
curred. You may by your appeals alarm their
fears and excite their hopes ; but all this may
be done, and done only in public, and to
audiences free from the perils of this bill.
You have made that race rivals in ambition
with the white man. You have made the negro
a rival for placc, a rival for power ; you have
made him a rival in legislation; and all that
only brings him in the march of events nearer
to the fiery energy and theconsuming ambition
of the Anglo-Saxon, and nearer to the dangers
of an ultimate fate. You may venture to talk
to a negro and tell him "that it would be better
that he should not vote ; better that he should
not register; better stay out of this conflict,
where there is so much passion, prejudice, and
interest; it is best that you avoid the white men
who are making you tho supple instruments of
their own selfish policy ; do not vote ; stay at
home and work ; we give you this as good ad-
vice ; you had better follow it; it will be bet-
ter for you now and better foryou in the future!!'
Dare you talk to him in that way privately,
under this bill? You may talk so to an audi-
ence, you may talk so to a mass-meeting, but
under the provisions of this bill would it be
safe for one man to talk to a negro in that way in
order to induce him not to vote or to vote tho
ticket of your choice. He might misunder-
stand you, be corrupt, or be persuaded to prose-
cute you. He has the right to swear ; you have
not. He goes to the commissioner authorized
by the bill to arrest, and swears that there were
threats used, or that fears were inspired by you,
or that " otherwise"—for that word " other-
wise" comprehends everything—there was an
endeavor to hinder, or delay, or intimidate him
from voting, or of votingto suit you. Thenyou
are arrested, taken from your home to be tried
in what is to you tantamount to a foreign juris-
diction.
Sir, this race has my sympathies. I know
their characteristics. 1 have been raised
among them; and by their just rights I will
stand. When the day of their peril comes they
will find that they cannot depend upon the flash
sentiment of the day. For myself I will main-
tain to them those rights which will secure to
them life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.
I would secure to them all the means of moral
and religious instruction, all the means of civil-
ization, to make them a liappy and prosperous,
a peaceable and a contented people. But lo
do all this measurably, if not effectively, 1 be-
lieve it to be our solemn duty to keep them as
distinct ana separate from the white race as
the material interests of the country will justify
and the relations of a people dwelling with
