3262
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
An act (S. No. 517) to define the intent of
an act entitled "An act to allow deputy col-
lectors of internal revenue acting a8 collectors
the pay of collector, and for Other purposes,''
approved March 1, 1869;
An act (S. No. 713) for the relief of pre-
emption settlers in the State of Nebraska ;
A.n act (S. No. 824) authorizing.the Southern
Minnesota Railroad Company to connect its
liae with the Northern Pacific railroad ;
An act (S. No. 860) for the relief of John E.
Griffin;
An act (S. No. 865) increasing the pension
of John Coonan;
An act (S. No. 866) for the relief of Mary
F. Prindle;
An act (S. No. 867) granting a pension to
Mary M. Butts; and
An act (S. No. 868) for the relief of Reuben
Grindle.
post routes.
Mr. COX, from the Committee on the Rules,
reported the following:
Jietolved, That the rules of this House be amended
as follows, namely:
lasert at the end of Rule 115: "Bat the Speaker
shall not entertain a motion for leave to introduce a
bill or joint resolution for the establishment or
ehange of post routes, and all propositions relating
thereto shall be referred, under the rule, like peti-
tions and other papers, to the appropriate com-
mittee."
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. COX moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was agreed to: and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
public lands.
The SPEAKER stated that a memorandum
had been placed, upon his desk from the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands that Senate bill No.
167, amendatory of an set to protect the rights
of actual settlers upon the public lands of the
United States, approved July 27,1868, and for
other purposes, and Senate bill No. 495, to
permit entries of public lands in certain cases
in the State of Alabama, which were referred
to that committee by misapprehension, be
placed back upon the Speaker's table.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
speaker's table.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved that the House
proceed to the consideration of the business
on the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
joint indian commirfee.
The first business upon the Speaker's table
was a concurrent resolution of the House in
reference to the appointment of a joint Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, which had been re-
turned from the Senate with the following sub-
stitute :
Jtetolved by the Howe of Rej>re entativet, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That a joint special oommittee, to
consist of ten members, five from the Senate and
fivo from the House, be appointed, to Whom shall be
referred the propriety of, a change or modification
of the Indian policyand system of governing the
Indian tribes; and said committee shall not continue
beyond the present session: Provided, That to con-
stitute a majority of said committee a majority of
the members chosen from each House shall he neces-
sary.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas moved that the
concurrent resolution and the amendment of
the Senate be referred to the Committee tra
Indian Affairs. •
The motion was agreed to.
_ Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the concurrent res-
olution and Senate amendment were referred ;
and alsOtnoved tbatthe motion to reconsider be
laid on the table:
The latter faotioti was agreed to.
SOCLE AND COMPANY.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
911 amendment of the Senate to House hill No.
891, for the relief of Charles E. Dole.
The amendment was read as follows:
Amend the titloof the bill by striking out "Charles
E. Dole" and inserting "Soule & Co."
Mr. PETERS. I move that the amend-
ment of the Senate be concurred in.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. PETERS moved to reconsider the vote
\ by which the Senate amendment was con-
i curred in ; and also moved that the motion to
; reconsider be laid on the table.
j | The latter motion was agreed to.
! william m. oarvey.
| The next business on the Speaker's table was
j: the bill (H. R. No. 40) to confirm the title of
|! William M. Garvey to a certain tract of land,
11 which was returned from the Senate with, the
1 following amendment:
! Strike out all of the original bill after the enacting
! clause, in the following words:
i " That the title of William M. Garvey, of Ohio, in
1 and to the east half of the northeast quarter of soo-
: tion eighteen, in township sixty-nine, north of rango
twenty-six west, in the district of lands subject to
sale at Des Moines, Iowa, containing eighty acres,
be and is confirmed to him, his heirs and assigns,
I forever."
1 And insert in lieu thereof:
"That tho title of William M. Garvey to tho east
half of the northeast quarter of section eighteen,
township sixty-nine north, rango twenty-six west, i
in tho district of lands subject to sale at Des Moines,
in the State of Iowa, containing eighty acres, be,
i and is hereby, confirmed, and that the Stato of Iowa
is horeby authorized to select in lieu of said tract an
equal amount of land from the unsold public lands
within the limits of said State, subject to sale at
, 6125 per acre: Provided, That tho State of Iowa, '
through her constituted authorities, shall first relin-
quish to tho United States all right, title, or interest
aequired by said State by virtue of the act of Con-
gress of Maroh 3,1857, entitled 'An act to confirm
to the several States tho swamp and overflowed
lands selected under tho act of September 28,1850,
and the act of the 2d March, 1849.'"
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. LAWRENCE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment was concurred
in ; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
appointments in treasury department.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a bill (H. R. No. 902) limiting the appoint-
ments of certain officers in the Treasury Depart-
ment, with Senate amendments.
The amendments of the Senate were read,
as follows:
On page 1, line three, strike out the words " at one
time.'
On page 2, at end of line eight, insert "or any other
expenses, except such as are actually incurred in
the discharge of their offioial duties."
On page 2, line nine, after the word "that" insert
the words "the present to umber of special agents
shall be reduced to fifty-three and."
The amendments of the Senate were con-
curred in.
additional land district in kansas.
The next business on the Speaker' a table was
the bill (S. No. 369) to establish an additional
land district in the State of Kansas; which was
read a first and second time.
Mr. HAWLEY. I move to strike out all
after the enacting clause and insert a sub-
stitute which I send to the desk, and which
has been considered and 1 believe unanimously
agreed to by the Committee on the Public
Lands.
The substitute, which was read, provides in
its first section that all that portion of the
western land district, created by the act ap-
proved March 3, 1857, entitled "An act to
establish three additional districts in the Terri-
tory of Kansas," which is situated north of the
township line dividing townships ten and eleven
south, in said State, shall constitute a new land
district to be called the Republican district.
The second section authorizes the President,
whenever the public interests shall require, to
appoint, by ana with the advice and consent of
the Senate, or during the recess thereof, and
until the end of the next session of Congress
after such appointment, a registerand areceiver
for the district hereby created, who shall re-
spectively be required to reside at the site of
their offices, have the same powers, responsi-
bilities, and emoluments, and be subject to the
same acts and penalties which are or may be
prescribed by law iu relation to other land
officers of the United States in said State.
The third section provides that the public
• lands in said district shall be subject to sale
I and disposal upon the same terms and condi-
. tions as other public lands of the U nited States,
| provided that all sales and locations made at the
; office of the old district qf lands situated within
i the limits of the new district, which shall be
! valid and right in other respects up to the day
on which the new office shall go into operation,
be, and the same are hereby, confirmed.
Mr. HAWLEY. I will state that the only
object of the bill and of the substitute is to
establish a new land district in the State of
Kansas, and it is believed that the boundaries
as defined by the substitute will answer better
the convenience of all interests than those de-
fined in the Senate bill. I move the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the substitute was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be read
a third time; and it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. HAWLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
land grant for union pacific railroad.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the joint resolution (S. R. No. 129) to amend /
section ten of an act entitled "An act granting ^
lands to the State of Kansas to aid in the con-
struction of the southern branch of the Union
Pacific railway and telegraph from Port Riley,
Kansas, to Fort Smith, Arkansas.
_ Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I move that the
bill be laid aside for the present.
The motion was agreed to.
indians on the umatilla reservation.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a joint resolution (S. R  No. 116) instructing
the President to negotiate with the Indians upon
the Umatilla reservation, in Oregon.
The joint resolution was read. It requests
the President of the United States to negotiate
with the Indians upon the Umatilla reservation,
in Oregon, with the view of ascertaining on
what terms they will relinquish to the United
States all their claim or right to the reserva-
tion, and remove to some other reservation in
the State or Washington Territory, or take
lands ia severalty, in quantities not exceeding
one hundred and sixty acres each, on their
present reservation, and to report to Congress j
and to defray the expense of such negotiation
the sum of $2,000 is appropriated, or so-much
thereof as may be necessary.
Mr. MAYNARD. That ought to be referred.
Mr. SMITH, of OregOH. The Committee
on Indian Affairs have had under considera-
tion a bill on the same subject, which they have
instructed me to offer as a substitute.
Mr. MAYNARD. It ought to be referred.
If that is not agreed to, I raise the point* of
order that it makes an appropriation, and uiust
go to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. If the gentleman
will give me his attention for a moment, while
I make a brief explanation, I think he will
withdraw his objection. The Committee on
, Indian Affairs have unanimously instructed me
to report the bill, and desire its passage, I
will state to the gentleman that this is in the
interest of economy. This is a reservation on
which a small band of Indians is maintained
at a great expense. The object of this is_ to
do away with the reservation altogether, saving
the Government thousands of dollars annaally.
