1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5151
custom to the contrary notwithstanding. No tax
or charge shall be imposed or enforced by any State
upon any person immigrating thereto from a foreign
country which rs not equally imposed and enforced
upon every person immigrating to such State from
any other foreign country ; a.nd any law of any State
in conlliot with this provision is hereby declared
null and void."
We have given the Chinese a standing in
the courts. We have given them all the civil
rights that white citizens have. That policy
is in accordance with the sentiments of the
best people of the Pacific coast. They are
anxious that the Chinese shall be protected.
But there is another evil connected with this
subject, and I have introduced a bill in the
Senate for the purpose of remedying that evil.
These people are brought here under these
infamous coolie contracts, the same contracts
that have disgraced humanity in the taking of
these poor people to the West India islands
and various portions of South America as
slaves. They are brought here under precisely
similar contracts. We say, let those Chinamen
who wish to come here voluntarily do so, and
they shall be protected by the strong ana of
the Government.
Mr. FOWLER. I wish to ask the Senator,
who are the parties that make these contracts?
Mr. STEWART. The contracts, as I under-
stand, are usually made by Chinese agents in
China. They are made by the Chinese them-
selves. The system is very similar to the sys-
tem by which African slaves were brought here.
Contracts were made with African chiefs, and
they brought their followers and their captives
to the coast and sold them to the English and
the Dutch, and then they were brought here.
Mr. FOWLER. But what I desired to know
was, who receive them on this side?
Mr. STEWART. I will tell you in a mo-
ment. This business is done in China by
native agents. They trade in their fellow-men.
They make these contracts and take as secur-
ty the family of the coolie, to be sold into
slavery if he breaks his contract. They bring
him to the coast, and then they enter into con-
tract with Chinese companies organized for
that purpose in San Francisco, being six in
number. Mr. Koopmanschap, a Dutchman,
is one of the principal agents of these Chinese
companies in manipulating contracts. He is
the man who goes to your conventions in the
East and proposes to supplant free labor in
the South, to reorganize labor in the South by
bringing coolies there. That is the proposition
of Mr. Koopmanschap, which he has discussed
before southern conventions ; that is the prop-
osition wtich is being discussed in South Caro-
lina now, and the proposition which is being
discussed in Massachusetts. It is proposed to
take Chinese coolies there to supply the place
of free labor. Sir, this is a proposition to in-
troduce slave labor to compete with free labor.
While I would protect anybody who comes
to this country voluntarily in his right to labor
and to live, while I have stood up for that prin-
ciple for twenty years, and am ready to do it
here now and everywhere, whether it is popu-
lar or unpopular, without distinction of race,
or color, or anything else, I will not sanction
any attempt, no matter how it may be glossed
over, to introduce a system of slave labor in
competition with free labor in this country ;
and you will find that the people of this country
will not sanction it. The mechanics of Massa-
chusetts will not sanction it. Who that has seen
the lovely little villages of New England, com-
posed of the residences of mechanics who, from
their daily toil, have been able to educate their
children ; who that has seen one ofthose little
cottages, with the children gathered around the
fireside, and thelittle piano, and everything that
denotes comfort and peace and happiness, can
find it in his heart to consent to bring coolie
slaves there to live on rice aud reduce the
wages so as to throw those people out of em-
ployment? Is that right?
If people want to come here from Asia, or
anywhere else, on their own account, volun-
tarily, let them do so. We are a free people.
America must be the asylum of all who choose
to come here; but it shall not again be a refuge
for slave-masters to bring labor here to spec-
ulate in it. That, ought to be stopped. I have
been pressing my bill to prohibit these coolie
contracts. I have succeeded in getting a bill
passed to protect the Chinese m their civil
rights, and ever since then I have been press-
ing the bill to break up coolie contracts. Let
us do that first, before we consider the question
of naturalizing them, and allowing capitalists
not only to speculate in their labor, but to
speculate in their franchise.
If you have any humanity in you, if you
regard the Chinaman in the least, you will not
pass a bill of this kind now ; and why? Be-
cause it is against the good sense of those who
are the friends of the Chinese on the Pacific
coast. They have said that they will sacrifice
everything to protect the Chinese. They are
ready to go ont of office on that issue. They
would treat them justly. They would see to it
that they had a hearing in the courts. They
have said that they shall have that hearing,
and the great moral sense of that coast is that
way now: and with the moral support of an
act of Congress we can protect the Chinese
there.
But now you propose to go a great deal fur-
ther ; you propose to extend to them the right
of becoming voters. Under your bill it will be
two years before any one of them can become
a voter. What will be their fate in that time?
Every precinct officer, every officer from the
highest to the lowest on the Pacific coast, in
every town, village and city, will be a Chinese
hater, because we have attempted to do an
unjust thing. We have attempted a thing that
cannot be defended; and those who favor the
protection of the Chinese will be powerless.
What will be the fate of the Chinaman then?
With every local office in the hands of those
who hate and persecute him, with no power
there to protect him, you must then protect
him by the General Government. And how
many troops do you think it will take to do
what we have done for the Chinese? How
many troops do you think it will take to do as
much good toward his protection as the hon-
est fair-minded men on that coast have been
able to do and are now doing by the aid we
can got from Congress and the moral support
of the nation? if before you stop the coolie
trade, if before you stop this importation of
Chinese, you say you are going to extend to
these coolies naturalization aud subject the
community there to the danger of having their
votes m the market, as their labor is, you over-
throw all the friends of the Chinese on that
coast, and you must rest alone upon the Army
and Navy of the United States to protect them.
How many will it take to enforce the civil lights
bill then? I tell you it will take more of an
army than you have got now. There must be
an increase of the Army. You wili lose the
moral support that you have there now. You
will lose the benefit of the efforts of the friends
of the Chinese there.
Our opponents said ail the while that the
Republican party of the Pacific coast desired
to have these Chinese become voters, to bring
them here and to trade in their votes: that we
intended to naturalize them. We told the
people that it ought not to be a political ques-
tion, that we would protect the Chinese, that
their children would be citizens; but until they
renounced paganism, until they renounced im-
perialism, which this generation will never do,
we should not propose to ingraft them upon
the body-politic. The honest people there be-
lieved us, and they have seconded us to a great
extent in our efforts to piotect those harmless
people. But if the Republican party is now
really going to enter upon this woik ot natural-
izing the Chinese it will be said that we have
been deceiving the people, that we had sinister
motives. That is what our opponents will
charge upon us there.
Sir, I was in good faith the friend of the
Chinaman. I should be willing to allow him
to become a citizen as much as anybody else
if he would renounce his pagan religion and
his attachment to his own Government, which
bind him irrevocably, which bind him for all
time and in all countries and in all places.
Until he does renounce those the farce of
naturalizing Chinese coolies, that they may be
offered for sale as voters, will stamp upon us a
degree of infamy, after the professions that we
have made, after the efforts we have made,
which we cannot endure.
I am perfectly willing that this bill should
pass with the amendment of the Senator from
Oregon. I think that amendmeut should be
adopted. If the Senate desire to naturalize
a few colored people who are civilized, and
who desire to be naturalized, I have no objec-
tion to that at all. They are of our own lan-
guage and of our own religion. They have friends
here in America who are republicans. I mean
republicans in the sense of loving republican
institutions, not in a partisan sense. , But when
a Chinaman comes here he does not come to
Democratic friends or Republican friends ; that
is, to those who believe in republican institu-
tions. He has not any of those. He comes
to his Chinese master and gets his order to
work. He hears nothing of our institutions
except the reflections that are made upon us
by his countrymen that we are barbarians ; and
I am sorry to say he has not met such a recep-
tion from our people as has been calculated to
raise his estimation of us. We have not met
him in that Christian spirit in which we should
have met him. We have not treated him in
a proper manner. He feels that we are a
barbarous, oppressive, wicked race; and the
longer he lives in this country the stronger
becomes his attachment to his own land and
his own Government. Until they have become
republicanized or Christianized, do not Ulk
about incorporating them into our body-politic
to be used as a matter of merchandise at the
polls.
When this subject was up on Saturday, and
when the vote 011 adopting the amendment, of
the Senator from Massachusetts indicated that
a policy of this kind might be adopted without
reflection, it became necessary for me to say
something in justification of myself to my con-
stituents, to the people who understand this
question. I want it distinctly understood now
that my platform in regard to the Chinese is
simply this: I would let those who choose to
come here voluntarily do so. We have a treaty
to that effect. I would prohibit all coolie con-
tracts, and enforce that prohibition. I would
protect them in all their civil rights by all the
power of this Government. But I would not
trust them with political power until they had
changed their devotion to pagan despotism, to
which they are so ranch attached that suicide
is common among them when the slightest
badge of dishonor falls upon them which will
exclude them from that allegiance in the slight-
est degree. While they are in that condition
they must not be naturalized.
It is idle to talk about the guards which you
have thrown about your naturalization laws
and the oath to be taken, so far as the Chinese
are concerned. They do not understand your
oath. They will swear it. They will swear to
it because they do not understand it. I do not
think they are a bad people. I think they are
an honest people, as a general thing. They
are a very industrious people; but they are a
! pagan people ; they are hostile to our institu-
| tions. They do not understand our society;
j they do not understand the obligation of our
! oaths. If they could have their way they would
i have paganism aud despotism here. They do
not value the privileges of citizenship. They
would sell their votes for money as a matter
of course. They feel no interest in it. They
would sell their votes for money in order to
iedeem their families, to redeem the security
they have given for the faithful performance
