1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
361
41st Cong. ... 2d Sess.
Paving of Pennsylvania Avenue—Mr. Knott.
Ho. of Reps.
and among another and a superior will admit.
If there is one thing above another to be con-
sidered for the benefit of this race, it is to a\foid,
escape antagonizing contact with the Anglo-
Saxon, with his material, social, political, or
even spiritual interests. The Anglo-Saxon
arrayed against the feebler races of this conti-
nent soon seals their fate. Our people and
race do not stand upon trifles, or even upon
grave and tender considerations. They did
not stand upon tender considerations when they
landed upon this continent. They could fall
down on their knees and reverently pray to that
God from whom all blessing flow; and yet in
His great and holy name possess themselves of
all the land and all the people dwelling upon it.
Why, sir, I heard my honorable friend from
Maine, [Mr. Morrill,] in a speech the other
day that did credit to his head and credit to
his heart, depicting the grasping energy and
unsparing avidity of our race, sweeping now
over the vast valley of the Mississippi and west,
and who, notwithstanding the vast wilds now
unoccupied, are engaged in possessing them-
selves of the lands belonging to the Indians,
which were dedicated by treaty to their use, and
now their homes and dwelling-place, not to be
restrained by law, not to be restrained by penal
legislation, not to be restrained even by the
armies of the United States. And yet you
talk about the negro when he comes in con-
flict with the white man and the material inter-
ests of the white man! Sir, his fate is sealed
untimely if it is done. I, as a true friend, as
I believe, of the race, pity their unfortunate
condition. I remember their conduct. I re-
member their history. As laborers they gave
to the country a power not given to any nation
upou earth by any laboring population that
history records. As laborers they made, by the
amazing product of their organized industry,
your whole country teem with cities and towns
and busy hives of labor. Though amid the
ruin and wreck yet of the pabt, in fact ''cot-
ton is still king." It haa maintained your
public credit, and has carried you through the
financial perils impending for the last few
years; it has paid for what you have bought,
and has regulated j'our currency ; and the race
in that field of labor as a laboring population
have not been surpassed by any race on the
face of all the earth.
Their conduct in the late fearful war, when,
as has been remarked upon this floor in debate
but the other day, the cradle almost gave up
its child and the grave almost yielded its dead
for the confederate cause, entitled them to a
remembrance. With the able men almost all
from home, with only women and children
remaining behind to struggle with care, this
race remained true to the traditions of their
civilization. Sir, they will remain true under
a proper system, cultivated by the proper and
intelligent spirit of humanity, and by proper
laws maintained in all their just rights; but
they should not be brought into antagonism
with the ferocity of the white man.
Mr. President, I have expressed my views
as to the general provisions of this bill. I
have not referred to its details, except to the
first section, upon which I have dwelt. I have
discussed it lor the purpose of drawing the
attention of the Senators on the other side
having it in charge to correct it if required and
if they can. If they do not do it, certainly we
of the minority cannot. Let them take charge
of the provisions of the bill; and I hope they
will do something to put it in some reasonable
shape. I say this with great respect for those
gentlemen.
I do not criticise the bill for the mere purpose
of objecting to it. If the bill were properly
prepared and in legal shape I should still ob-
ject to it on the general principles I have before
indicated; but 1 do not comment upon the bill
in the spirit of criticism, but for the honest
purpose of good legislation.
But now, Mr. President, I wish to call the
attention of the Senate to the ninth section of
the House bill. The other sections of that
bill, as I have stated, conform to the provis-
ions of the fifteenth amendment, and every-
thing for which they provide is based upon the
charge of a refusal of the right to register or to
vote on account of the race, color, or previous
condition of servitude of the party making the
application. That constitutes the violation of
the law in regard to those sections; but the
ninth section of the House bill reads as follows:
If any person shall by threats, violence, orintimid-
ation prevent, or attempt to prevent, any citizen
of the United States from the free exercise of his
right to vote in any election at which members of
Congress, or electors for President and Vice Presi-
dent of the United States may be voted for, such per-
son so offending shall be liable to indictment, <fec.
I object to this provision for the same reason
that 1 objected to the fourth section of the
Senate bill; because it confers on the Govern-
ment of the United States the entire jurisdiction
of offenses which should be and are left to the
States; and this Federal jurisdiction is exclu-
sive. Is that right? I desire to legislate for a
common country and for the good of a common
country. I want to see our institutions preserved
as they were found_ed and handed down to us.
I may be wrong in my views; but can I be
wrong as to the grievous and calamitous im-
propriety of the transference of this authority
to the Government of the United States?
In the first place, your State courts are di-
vested of all authority to try these eases ; your
Federal courts will be filled with them and
become weary of executing the law. It is often
far distant from the place where the offense is
committed to the place of punishment, and the
result will be that this great engine of power
will work only when great interests are at stake.
When the punishment of offenses against the
elective franchise is committed to local officers
the matter will be attended to; there are so
many rival interests, so many opposing candi-
dates to look to it, that the purity of elections
will be cared for and to some extent guarded.
Will you not leave something to the people of
the States and to their local legislation ? Do
you want to absorb everything in the great
Federal center? Do you wish to take all to the
United States courts, to your centers of trade ?
When all Europe is decentralizing, when the
absolute personal Government of Russia and
the qualified personal Government of France
are manifesting symptoms of change, shall we in
free republican America fix the star of central-
ization and unified power high in the sky?
But this section does more. It provides in
regard to the elections of Representatives in
Congress and of electors of President and Vice
President. I suppose the only justification for
this section is claimed to be in that clause of
the Constitution which gives Congress power
to make regulations respecting the time, place,
and manner of holding elections for Represent-
atives in Congress. The only word in that
clause under which this section of the House
bill could come would be the word "manner."
I appeal now to the legal gentlemen of this
Chamber whether this section can fairly be con-
sidered as a regulation of the "manner" of
holding elections. The only power given to
Congress by the Constitution with regard to elec-
tions of Representatives in Congress is to reg-
ulate the time, place, and manner of holding
them. This provision cannot come under the
word "time" or under the word" place;" it
can then only come under the word "manner."
What does "manner" mean? Does the
power to regulate the manner of holding elec-
tions imply a power to legislate in regard to
threats, violence, intimidation, and bribery in
influencing a voter ? If it does—-I do not propose
now to argue that question—there is another
limitation upon it, which is that even this power
is confined to Representatives in Congress; but
this section goes beyond thatand includes elec-
tions of electors for President and Vice Presi-
dent. This shows that a politician must have
drawn this ninth section, while manifestly a
lawyer drew the other eightsections. Your Con-
stitution limits your right to regulate the time,
place, and manner of holding elections to elec-
tions of Representatives m Congress, and does
not extend to electors of President and Vice
President. The electors of President and Vice
President are not chosen by the people unless
the State Legislature so provides. The State
Legislatures have the right under the Consti-
tution to choose electors of President and Vice
President and to provide the manner of doing
it. Nowhere under the Constitution is there
any power conferred on the Congress of the
United States to prescribe a punishment or a
penalty of any kind or to make any provision
in respect to the election of electors of Presi-
dent and Vice President.
1 call the attention of honorable Senators
belonging to the majority in this Chamber to
this part of the bill; and I suggest to them
that they should make it comport, at all events,
with the dignity and intelligence of this body.
If the bill is to pass, let it go forth as a law in
such a siiape that it can be read and under-
stood and administered, if it be constitutional.
Though I disagree with you about this fifteenth
amendment; its objects, its principles, its ends
I reject; I oppose it in its powers; I denounce
the manner of its adoption ; yet if it is the law
of the land and it confers upon you the power
to enforce it, enforce it, but enforce it in good
faith and fairly ; enforce it in the spirit of our
institutions; enforce it by legislation that com-
ports with its character as a part of the Con-
stitution. The people I have in part the honor
to represent will observe it as the law of the
land. We are a law-abiding and a faithful
people; we may, in the exercise of our con-
stitutional right, test the legal validity of the
law before the proper judicial tribunals of the
country, and we shall abide the adjudication
it there receives.
Paving of Pennsylvania Avenue.
SPEECH OF HON. J P. KNOTT,
of kextucky,
1st the House of Representatives,
May 20, 1870.
The House being in Committee of the Whole on
the bill (S. Jfo. 90) to provide for the paving of Penn-
sylvania avenue—
Mr. KNOTT said:
Mr. Chairman: I know that it may be con-
sidered by some as rather ungracious in me to
presume to interpose an objection to any ex-
penditure of the public money that may be
proposed on this floor in behalf of the city of
Washington, no matter for what purpose it
may be intended: but especially when it is
designed for the benefit of that unfortunate
class of its inhabitants who may have become
so much oppressed with the burdens of accumu-
lated wealth that the payment of their taxes—
even when it is calculated to enhance the value
of their own property—is not only a matter of
serious inconvenience to them, but presents a
spectacle of misery and distress which must
appeal in the strongest possible terms to every
sentiment of Clmstiau charity and common
humanity in our bosoms for commiseration and
relief.
I am aware, too, that to gentlemen who have
long been accustomed to speak and think of
the public money only by the million, tiie ton
millions, and tho hundred millions, the outUiv
