1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1375
Supreme Court. I presume the judgment has i
not been paid, though 1 have no information
on that point.
Mr. DAWES. This judgment has been
pa°d
Mr. IIOLMAN". The judgmeut has been
• a il- Huto never was a mote lhigntnt fraud
perpetrated upon tlie Government. There
.,eivr a more discreditable transaction
than this thus consummated through the instru-
metitalitv ol' this Court of Claims.
Mr. U'ASUBUiiN, of Wisconsin. I wish
t,. ask my friend a question. If it had not
been for what my friend from Vermont [Mr.
Polish] calls this most righteous law, could
tins mau have been able to obtain the money ?
Mr. IIOLMAN. Not a single cent of it.
That is beyond all question. It only requires
half an hour's examination of the history of
that transaction in the spring of 1867, during
the month of March, covering a period of ten
(lavs, to show that this amendment was in-
grafted upon the bill for the purpose of pro-
curing from the Treasury this $58,175—a fraud
iti fact, whatever may have been the intention.
Mr. POLAND. I should like to ask the
gentleman a question.
Mr. HOLM AN. I hare n t the time to yield ;
if I had, I have other cases to refer to. I am
not questioning the integrity of the Court of
Claims, but showiagthe necessity of this limit-
ation to avoid, if possible, even errors by which
the Treasury is depleted.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLEK, of Massachusetts. I move
to strike out the last word.
Mr. Chairman, I desire to call the attention
of the House to what I consider the effect of
that amendment as it stands; and if I am right,
and I am sure that I am, then the House will
do just as it pleases. In 1863-64 we passed
certain laws, known as the captured and aban-
doned property acts, by which we promised
every loyal man whose property was taken by
the Army, or who turned over to the Army or
Navy bis property, that it should be sold And
the proceeds placed in the Treasury, and that
two years after the war was over, on sufficient
proof before the court of his loyalty and of the
property being honestly his, then he should
have pay from the fund so paid in as the pro-
ceeds of the sale of captured and abandoned
property. Under that rule, under that law, at
the end of the rebellion, at Charleston and
Savannah all the loyal men went and turned
over their personal property, especially cotton,
to General Sherman's army, and it was placed
in the hands of the Treasury agent for the pur-
pose of transportation North and preservation.
That property to the amount of millions was
taken to New York and sold, and those loyal
men, under the law, hare brought suits for that
property. But, sir, bj[ the amendment just
adopted, or by this proviso, it is now provided
that none of that money shall be paid out unless
on special appropriation. It declares that no
judgment shall be satisfied unless specifically
appropriated for.
Now, sir, I have heard a great deal since I
have been in this House about good faith and
repudiation. I recollect the great unanimity
on the subject of repudiation at a time when
nobody expected business was to be done,
because it was agreed there should be none.
I wish to call attention to the fact that here is
a proposition, in opposition to our plighted
faith made to these loyal men that if they would
put their property into your possession, then,
^fter a certain time, if they proved their loyalty
and the justice of their claim, they should be
paid out of the fund made up of the proceeds
■'t t!ie sales of that captured and abandoned
property. Now, without one word from these
without the slightest notice to them, upon
a livu minutes' discussion, we propose to break
tiiat plighted faith of the nation and to declare
that these public creditors shall not get their
motley unless they come and ask Congress to
make specific appropriations. Is this House
ready to do that? That there may be some
wrong done in the Court of Claims 1 agree ; but
I take it that it is not likely to take place in the
Court of Claims in open trial before learned and
able judges, with everybody's testimony sifted
by cross-examination, under the charge of the
Attorney General and his assistant. 1 do not
think there is as much likelihood of wrong
being done to the Treasury in this way as by
the wholesale and inconsiderate legislation
proposed. 1 withdraw my amendment.
Mr. POLAND. 1 renew the amendment.
The burden of what my friend from Indiana
[Mr. HolmanJ has said is that the Court of 1
Claims once decided a case wrongly. Now, .
conceding that that were so; that it could be
most clearly established that the Court of
Claims had rendered a judgmeut upon a claim
made in that court agaiust the Treasury of the
United States, when in point of fact the testi-
mony upon which the judgmeut was rendered
was false or fraudulent; supposing that to be
established, is that an objection which lies only
against the Court of Claims? Does iny friend
from Indiaua or any gentlemau on this floor
suppose that the Court of Claims is the only
court which ever rendered a judgment upon
testimony which happened to be false or which
happened to be fraudulent? I suppose that
this question, is to be determined upon some
principle—what is the best, safest, and surest
mode of trial to secure justice not only to the
claimant but to the Government of the United
States. Now, I apprehend, and I think every
gentleman here who knows anything about
the mode of trying and deciding cases in court,
and the mode in which claims are tried here
in this House, must see that a judicial exam-
ination and judicial decision are altogether
more favorable to the Government; the Gov-
ernment is altogether Bafer to have claims tried
in that way than to have them tried before this
House.
We have a Committee of Claims; that is the
machinery by which we provide for the exam-
ination and decision of claims here. Now, how
do these cases go before the Committee of
Claims? They go on ex parte affidavits or on
statements, a large proportion being unsworn
testimony. They pick up information in any
way they can. When the claims come before
the House, you, sir, know, and every gentleman
here knows that in the multitude of subjects
that are before Congress, the multitude of mat-
ters both public and private that every member
has to attend to, the members of this House
know nothing about the great proportion ot
these claims. When the Committee of Claims
report, the attention of the House cannot be
obtained to their report. We have, indeed, a
: few gentlemen on this floor who have consti-
tuted themselves attorneys for the purpose ot
I opposing every bill which comcs Irom that
i committee ; but there are a great many mem-
| bers who pay no sort of attention to the bills
II coming from that committee. I know that the
I Committee of Claims are very diligent in giv-
, ing their attention to the business intrusted to
! them; the chairman of that committee works
;1 as hard as any man in this House in carrying
ij on the business of his committee; but there
is more of it than can ever be got through.
Half the cases that go to the committee in a
session of Congress cannot be heard during
that session ; and now it is proposed that the
entire business of which the Court of Claims
has jurisdiction shall in addition be turned
over to this Committee of Claims, which cannot
now dispose of half the cases that come before
them.
Now, will the Government be safer if the
claims against it are put through Congress
and determined here than they are by having
a judicial investigation and decision? I say
they will not; and I believe the judgment ol
every man in this House will concur with mine
with reference to that. As regards the claim-
ants, I have as much sympathy for an honest
claimant against the Government as any man
can hare. I want, and my constituents want,
and I believe the constituents of every gentle-
man on this floor want, that every man who lias
an honest claim against the Government shall
have some place where he can go and have it
adjudicated, that his life shall not be worn out
with attendance upon Congress, session after
session, about u claim as to which there is no
dispute, but which our machinery does not
enable him to carry through. The result is
that many claims are abandoned. A man is
obliged from poverty or from sheer weariness
to yield his claim against the Government,
because he cannot afford the time and trouble
to get it through Congress.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The amendment to the amendment was with-
drawn.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend by striking
out the last word. This question is one of great
importance, and ought to be considered fairly
and deliberately, it should not be decided
unless upon a clear understanding of its merits,
and I have no doubt the House intend so to
decide it. There is a good deal ot force in the
arguments on both sides, and the question is not
free from difficulty on either side. It is a little
singular, however, that every Committee on
Appropriations for a longtime past, when they
come to look into the matter and see in what way
the Treasury is drained, have sought to bring
the judgments of the Court of Claims under the
control of Congress. And the House has gen-
erally gone with thein. They did last year. I
do not know whether my colleague, [Mr. But-
ler], who was on the committee last year, was
for it or not. I do not remember that he was.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It came
in on motion of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Scofield.]
Mr. DAWES. Well, the committee were
for it and the House adopted it, and why? Be-
cause, and 1 say it without reflecting upon the
administration of justice in that court either
by the judges or by the officers of the law, but
from the nature of the Court of Claims and of
the claims to be heard there, because those
claims are of such a kind that while they are
great in amount, they are liable beyond all
others to be swollen and manufactured to a
degree that it requires the utmost scrutiny, not
only in the court, but that scrutiny which is
better than that of the court, time itself, to de-
velop the true and exact nature of the claims.
I They are claims that come Irom different
! partsof the United States, picked up by agents
traveling around the country, importuning men
to make them and taking contingent fees for
their prosecution in this court. They are pre-
pared hundreds and thousands of miles away
from the tribunal in which they are adjudicated,
where it is impossible for the officers of the law
to defend the United States against them or to
have any personal examination or knowledge
either of the character of a claim or of those
who substantiate it by their evidence. The
evidence is brought here by express or mail in
papers prepared, as I have said, and the best
that the officers of the law can do when it is
here, faithful as 1 know they are, is to sift and
ferret out and bring the true merits of the claim
to the consideration of the court. To such a
degree have these abuses been found to have
been carried that the jurisdiction of the court
was circumscribed by a statute which I have
before me of the 9th of May, 1866. In order
to save the Treasury it excluded from the
doors of the court a large class of claims for
no other reason than that from their very nature
! they were claims that could be so manufactured
that it was not safe to put the lreasury of the
United States at the mercy of these judgments.
We shut the door of the court in the face of
them all. .... •
Now, sir, this court as originally organized
was merely to render its judgments and report
them to Congress, and the practical effect of
that was that every judgment rendered in that
court that remained here for the period of a
