1870.
THE COJSTGrBESSIOISfAL GLOBE.
2319
that " we can have no aid from the other
cud of the Capitol.'' Where, then, shall the
people look for protection against an increase
of that extravagance which pervades every De-
partment of the Government if this House
insists upon adding another bureau, with still
greater prospects of unnecessary and reckless
public expenditure? The same voice told us
that the present Administration camc into
power upon the professions of economy, and
tliat those pledges of the Republican party
should be redeemed here in this House. We
shall soon see how much that declaration is
worth. I was sorry to see this champion of
economy on yesterday urge the chairman of
this committee to rush this bill through under
the previous question, without permitting its
fair discussion and necessary amendment. To
have opposed this new assault upon the Treas-
ury would have better become one who pro-
fesses to guard the door of the Treasury.
For some reason which I do not understand
the chairman of the committee refuses to allow
me to offer my substitute for the bill of the
committee. He must be afraid to tempt the
House with such an offer of a measure to re-
duce our annual expenditures and to prevent
additional appropriations lest it might be
adopted. I trust that the House will refuse
to sustain his demand for the previous ques-
tion and that I may be permitted to offer my
substitute, or at least so that the bill may be
amended and deprived of some of its most
obnoxious features. I have already given an
outline of the substitute I desire to offer. Its
whole object is to end this Federal interference
in educational affairs and leave their exclusive
regulation to the States and the people directly
interested. What would suit one State might
not suit another, and that system of teaching,
or character or qualification of teachers, or kind
of school books, or set of rules for school disci-
pline, which might suit the people of one county
or school district might, not suit another. I
propose to leave those matters in the exclu-
sive control of the people directly interested,
*,o the patrons of each school, free from any
interference on the part of Federal officers act-
ing under the pretense of'' cooperating " with
them.
The teacher who performs the duty of edu-
catingand training the mind of a child is clothed
with a delicate trust and the parent who con-
fides his child to his care should have a voice
in his selection as well as in the selection of
the books to be used. The teacher during the
discharge of his duties stands in the shoes of
the parent, is his agent, and that parent should
be consulted rather than a wandering school
superintendent from some other State in the
pay of the Government. Those thus imme-
diately interested, both iu the success of the
work and in the raising of taxes, and their ex-
penditure for such purpose will be more likely
to see that the school having charge of their
children and supported with their money would
be properly and economically conducted (ban
any one else.
If the General Government deems it neces-
sary to assist the people of a State in the work
of education that assistance should not be in
the nature of advice. If it desires to give ma-
terial _aid let it give a portion of the public
domain as it has heretofore done, and let the
State send your bounty equally distributed to
the local school districts, there to be used by
the patrons of the schools for the purpose in-
tended. Nor does the management of educa-
tional affairs by European Governments fur-
nish an example for us to follow. With them
all political power is centralized in the general
government. They exercise the power which
we have wisely divided between the Federal
and State Governments. They do not have
States within the general government erected
for the very purpose of regulating purely do-
mestic alfairs like that of education, and lienee
they exercise all powers of legislation, both
general and local. I do not wonder, therefore,
that those kingdoms and monarchies should be
cited and relied upon as fit examples for us to
follow by those in this House who no longer
believe a, State has any rights, and who are
struggling to create here m Washington an
overshadowing centralized power.
Besides this, sir, those empires and king-
doms of Europe profess to act upon and edu-
cate their subjects, but here the Government
is or ought to be acted upon and influenced by
the people. There the people depend upon
the Government; here the Government de-
pends upon the people. There the people arc
subjects; here they are masters. Such is the
difference between the theories of monarchical
and republican forms of government. It is
claimed that the Federal Government has the
power to control the subject of education under
that part of the Constitution which makes it
the duty of Congress to provide for the general
welfare of the United States. Well, sir, my
answer to that is this: that every citizen is
interested in a greater or less degree, and so is
the General Governmental the welfare of every
other citizen of the Republic in every social,
political, and financial act he may perform;
and if it is our constitutional duty to regulate
all those matters appertaining to the welfare
of each citizen or class of citizens in detail
there would not remain a single limitation on
the powers of Congress. On the contrary,
Congress can exercise no power that is not
expressly granted by the Constitution. That
is our power of attorney, which authorizes "us.
to act as the agents of the people. When we
are called upon to do an act we must turn to
that instrument, and if we do not find the
authority to do it plainly written down in that
great power of attorney we must not do the
proposed act.
In this country all political power belonged
originally to the people. They have given a
part of that power to the States and through
those States have delegated a portion of their
power to the Federal Government, to be ex-
ercised for the common good. The people,
acting in their collective capacity as States,
have written down in a Constitution all the
powers they proposed to surrender to the Fed-
eral Government; and, as a part of it, have
declared that—
"The powers not delegated to the United States by
the Constitution nor prohibited by it to the States are
reserved to the States respectively or to the people."
The right to interfere in the educational
affairs of the people and to vote away the
public money for that purpose, especially when
its pretended benefit is confined to only a por-
tion of the Union, is nowhere to be found
among the delegated powers specified in that
instrument, but belongs to the reser\ed rights
of the States and their people.
Even the President, in his message of yes-
terday, in which he asked Congress to encour-
age popular education, did not favor such
usurpation of power as this bill proposes. lie
did not have the hardihood to ask Congress to
interfere in this way.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If the gentleman will
allow me to make a suggestion, I would say
that as I understood the message of General
Grant he calls upon Congress t.o intervene and
encourage popular education throughout the
country.
Mr. McNEELY. I have not the message
before me. The gentleman i - no doubt correct
as to what the President means, but I say he
does not venture to say so in so many words.
The President quotes, as I remember, from
the Farewell Address of the ■'Father of his
Country': some recommendation that Congress
should encourage the education of the people,
and adds as his own suggestion that Congress
should now exercise its constitutional powers
in this respect. Sir. if the President means
to urge upon Congress a direct interference by
Federal agents, aided by the public money, in
the educational affairs of the people, he went
beyond his duty and will not be sustained.
But, as I remember, he based his recommend-
ation upon what Washington said. Washing-
ton never asked Congress to exercise any power
over this Question in the States, except to grant
aid to the States, which have been regarded up
to the organization of the Freedmen's Bureau,
by all Administrations and all parties, as the
proper agents of the people, empowered by
them to legislate upon this question. If the
language of Washington is quoted his action
must be quoted. He was in favor of the edu-
cation of the people. He believed that the
intelligence and virtue of the people were the
best foundation of the Government. But he
never suggested that Congress should under-
take that work. He believed that Congress
should exercise all its constitutional power to
that end; so do I. The extent of that con-
stitutional power is the grant of lands to the
States for educational purposes. No President
has ever asked more than that, unless, as my
friend from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldeidge] says,
General Grant has gone beyond that limit. If
his language means to ask us to go beyond that
limit of ourpower he isnot sustained by Wash-
ington or any other President, and thecountry
will not sustain him.
Sir, wehave noneedof hunting up additional
subjects of legislation. The business now pend-
ing before Congress is greater than we can
properly transact. We have not time to duly
consider the laws we do make, and have not
time to consider at all many measures calling
upon us for action. We appropriate millions
under the previous question without ever being
permitted by the rules you have adopted to
inquire into the purpose of the expenditure.
Wepass laws affecting great interests withsuch
haste and with so little consideration that ex-
planatory acts are necessary to construe their
meaning ; great constitutional questions that
affect the very foundation of the Government,
are rushed through this House without debate.
There are now over three thousand bills and
joint resolutions pending before Congress,
calling upon us for their consideration. Even
this bill must be forced through without suffi-
cient consideration on the plea that we have
not the time to spare for its discussion or even
amendment. We have not even taken time to
provide a good common school systemforthis
district. While we thus fail to discharge our
duty as the Legislature of this District what
right have we to lecture or criticise the Legis-
latures of the States? Such presumption
has no parallel even in the history of Con
gress. I appeal to the House to leave this
subjectof education where it belongs and where
it will be in.better hands than ours. Let us
refuse to enter upon this new field of legisla-
tion. Let us rather give back to the States
the powers which Congress has usurped and
return to the limits of constitutional power.
[Here the hammer fell.]
- Mr. ARNELL. 1 now yield five minutes
to the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Dockery.]
Mr. DOCKERY. 1 desire to offer an amend-
ment.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Tennessee yield for that purpose?
Mr. ARNELL. I will hear the amendment.
The Clerk -read as follows:
Amend by inserting in section two, line eleven,
after the word '' purposes" the words " amongircod-
men and refugees." and after the word " am on it" in
line twelve, the word "themso that it will read:
That the said funds bo expended exclusively for
educational purposes among frcedmen and refugees,
having special reference to aidimr in the establish-
ment and usefulness of common sshools amongthem.
Mr. ARNELL. I am not authorized by the
committee to accept that amendment; but for
myself I have no objection-to it;
Mr. DOCKERY. Mr. Speaker, I shall not
oppose the abolition of the Freedmen's Bureau,
but contend that the appropriations to that
fund shall be expended as originally designed
by the acts of Congress establishing and from
time to time continuing said bureau with its
