1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3263
Mr. MAYNARD. The Indians have no
representatives in this House. Their oppo-
nents—I will not say their enemies—have a
great many representatives. I have seen so
mucli injustice, so much crying injustice done
to that race of people, that i feel bound to
interpose a word in their behalf. And, if I
can do no more, I can invoke the rules of the
House in their interest.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee insists 011 the point of order, but is
willing that the bill shall be referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. I do not wish to
have it so referred.
The SPEAKER. Then it will have to go to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. I ask that it be
laid aside informally.
Mr. MAYNARD. I have no objection to
that; bat I give the gentleman notice that
unless he can bring forward other reasons than
be has given for the passage of the joint reso-
lution I shall insist on its reference.
The joint resolution was then passed over
informally.
V NORTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a joint resolution (S. R. No. 121) authoriz-
ing the Northern Pacific Railroad Company
to issue its bonds for the construction of its
road, and to secure the same by mortgage, and
for other purposes; which was read a first and
second time.
Mr. WHEELER. I desire to have that joint
resolution put upon its passage.
The joint resolution was read. It authorizes
the Northern Pacific Railroad Company to
issue its bonds to aid in the construction and
equipment of its road, and to secure the same by
mortgage on its property and rights of prop-
erty of all kinds and descriptions, real, per- •
sonal, and mixed, including its franchise as a
corporation; and provides that, as proof and
notice of its legal execution and effectual deliv-
ery, said mortgage shall be filed and recorded
in the office of the Secretary of the Interior.
It also authorizes the said company to locate
and construct, under the provisions and with 1
the privileges, guarantees, and duties provided i
for in its act of incorporation, its main road to !
some point on Puget sound, via the valley of I
the Columbia river, with the right to locate
and construct its branch from some convenient
point on its main trunk line across the Cascade
mountains to Puget sound; and in the event
of there not being in any State or Territory in
which said main line or branch may be located
at the time of the final location thereof the
amount of lands per mile granted by Congress
to said company, within the limits prescribed
by its charter, then said company shall be en-
titled, under the directions of the Secretary of
the Interior, to receive so many sections of
land belonging to the United States, and desig-
nated by odd numbers, in such State or Terri-
tory, within ten miles on each side of said road,
beyond the limits prescribed in said charter,
as will make up such deficiency on said main
line or branch to the amount of the lands that
have been granted, sold, reserved, occupied
by homestead settlers, preempted, or otherwise
disposed of subsequent to the passage of the
act of July 2, 1864. It requires that twenty-
nve miles of said main line between its western
terminus and the city of Portland, in the State
of Oregon, shall be completed by the 1st day
of January, A. D. 1872, and forty miles of the
remaining portion thereof each year thereafter,
until the whole shall be completed between said
points. All the lands hereby granted to the
company which shall not be sold or disposed of,
or remain subject to the mortgage authorized
by this resolution at the expiration of five years
alter the completion of the entire road, shall
be subject to preemption and settlement like
other lands, at a price to be paid to said com-
pany notexceeding $2 SO per acre; and in case
the mortgage hereby authorized shall at any
time be enforced by foreclosure or other legal
proceeding, or the Government lands hereby
granted, or any of them, shall be sold by the
trustees to whom such mortgage may be exe-
cuted, either at its maturity or for any failure or
default of the company under the terms thereof,
the lands shall be sold at public sale at places
within the States and Territories within which
they shall be situate, after not less than sixty
day s' previous notice, in single sections or sub-
divisions thereof to the highest and best bid-
ders. It is further provided that in the con-
struction of the said railroad iron or steel only
shall be used, the same to be manufactured
from American ores only. The second section
reserves to Congress the right at any time to
alter or amend this joint resolution, having
due regard to the rights of the company and
of other _parties.
Mr. WHEELER. Mr. Speaker, I only await
the call of the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road to report and put upon its passage a joint
resolution similar in all respects to the oue
juat read.
Mr. RANDALL. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. WHEELER. I will.
Mr. RANDALL. How many acres of land
are donated by this grant?
Mr. WHEELER. I am utterly unable to
tell the gentleman now; but he will understand
what is the extent of the grant before I get
through.
Mr. RANDALL. I am surprised the gen-
tleman should support a bill when he is unable
to tell us the number of acres of land granted
by it.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I desire to say 
Mr. WHEELER. I do not yield for inter-
ruptions.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I do not propose to
interrupt the gentleman, but to say 
Mr. WHEELER. I decline to yield to any
one until I shall have concluded the remarks
I desire to make upon this subject. It is not
often that I can succeed in obtaining the floor,
and now that I have it I desire to say what I
have to say without interruption from any one.
When I have concluded I will call the previous
question, and if it shall be sustained I will then
yield to gentlemen.
Mr. Speaker, this second continental enter-
prise, which is to unite by iron bands the great
lakes with Puget sound and the Pacific ocean,
which the war and the financial condition of
the country temporarily suspended, is now in-
augurated under such auspices as to command
its speedy completion. Backed by wealthy
capitalists, ground bas been broken upon the
road, and henceforth the work is to be pressed
with all the energy and indomitable will which
characterize all American enterprises. The
day for arguing the absolute necessity of this
road has long since passed. By every consider-
ation of foreign and domestic policy it has con-
fessedly no superior among the public works
of the country. Congress has declared this by
its previous liberal grants to this company.
The company is not here to-day to ask for
money or enlarged subsidies in lands. It seeks
by this legislation three things,
First, it wants to put the national impress
upon its mortgage by recording and filing it in
the office of the Secretary of the Interior.
This makes the bonds more desirable in the
estimation of foreign capitalists, who have great
respect for Uncle Sam's sign-manual since it
was so successfully and indelibly stamped upon
the recent rebellion.
Secondly, the company wants to change the
route of its main line and branch as defined
by the original act of incorporation. It wants
now to build its main line by way of the val-
ley of the Columbia river, instead of over the
Cascade mountains as intended at the outset.
When the company was chartered there was
little definite knowledge of a portion of the
country it will traverse, and particularly of the
mountain passes. It was inferred from the
report of Stevens that the road could be con-
structed over the Cascade mountains, and this
is probably the case, but the work would in-
volve greatly enhanced labor and expense.
The route by the valley of the Columbia river
is far more feasible and can be built in much
shorter time and with the means which this
bill will enable the company to command.
This change takes the road direct to Portland,
thus giving it business upon its completion to
that point and enabling it to use the river for
the transportation of material during the pro-
gress of construction; advantages upon which
I need not enlarge.
As to the branch, this bill will enable the
company to shorten the line and thus relieve
it to that extent It may be asked here, will
this change of routes give the company more
lands?
And here I will ask the attention of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Randall,]
who interrupted me at the beginning of my
remarks to ask how much additional lands will
be granted should this bill become a law. That
depends upon the fact whether the lines will
be longer than the original ones. Thi3 can
only be determined by actual survey. If more
land is taken it will be only for the additional
distance and for the quantity per mile granted
by the original charter.
Thirdly, the company asks to have made
good to them the lands originally granted, and
no more. This bill makes up the deficiency
which has been created since the original
charter by reason of grants to individuals,
homestead settlers, and preemptors, for lands
which have been taken in expectation of the
building of this road, which has alone made
them available. These are briefly the provis-
ions of this bill.
Mr. Speaker, there lie between Lake Supe-
rior ana Puget sound and the mouth of the
Columbia river half a million square miles of
territory, alternating in prairie and pine forests,
and teeming with coal, iron, gold, silver, and
copper, the sure elements of national wealth,
and waiting the countless thousands who are
there to find homes and develop every condi-
tion of social growth and prosperity. It is
now the home of the Indian, the buffalo, the
elk, and the antelope. It is now wholly inac-
cessible, unproductive, and dead property to
the United States. To develop it is a work of
such magnitude as completely to defy any com-
bination of private capital.
There are gentlemen sitting in the soand
of my voice who were part of Chicago—soon
to be, if not now, the grain mart of the world—
when the paltry amount of wheat marketed
there found its way over the prairies by ox
teams in a journey of from one to two weeks,
the freighters traveling by compass, and camp-
ing with their cattle at night. Look at Chicago
and Illinois to-day, with one fifteenth of the
population of the United States and paying
nearly twenty-five million dollars annually of
the national taxes. What has wrought this
mighty change? The question has but one
honest answer. It is our policy of govern-
mental aid in national railway building, as
illustrated in the grant of lands to the Illinois
Central railroad. The locomotive is the
"open sesame" to the vast region of which
we are speaking, and the sole agency by which
we can spread law, order, population, industry,
and wealth over the thirty-two degrees of lon-
gitude which this road is to traverse, thereby
increasing the taxable resources of the country,
adding to its revenues, and lessening the bur-
den of the public debt. Wise statesmanship,
therefore, dictates that we give this great enter-
prise all consistent aid and stay up the hands of
the men who in its successful completion are to
add new luster to the American name.
I know well many of the men who have this
work in hand and at heart. They will neither
hold these franchises unused or hawk them
