1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
68
to print these bills. They are the same as
those recommended by the Committee on New
York Election Frauds in the report submitted
to the House of Representatives in the last
Congress on the 23d February last, and may
be found on pages 78 and 82. They embrace
subjects of the highest importances and it is to
be hoped they will receive early attention.
tax on gold sales.
Mr. DAVIS, bv unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 479) to impose taxes
on fictitious and gambling sales of gold; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to reconsider the
votes of reference just taken; and also move
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled joint resolutions.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled joint resolutions of
the following titles ; when the Speaker signed
the same:
Joint resolution (S. It. No. 02) in relation
to a site for a building for the State Depart-
ment; and
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 64) appointing
General Thomas Osborn a manager of the
National Asylum for Disabled Soldiers.
leave op absence.
Mr. SHBRROD asked and obtained leave
of absence until the 10th of January.
Mr. NEGLEY asked and obtained leave of
absence until the 20th instant.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. 1 move that the
House now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and twenty minutes p. in.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., wore presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees :
By Mr. ARCHER: The petition of J osepli
Humphrey, praying compensation for use of
his patent floating anchor.
By Mr. BECK: The petition of William F.
Hawes, of Hancock county, Kentucky, for the
removal of his political disabilities.
Also, the petition of Thomas W. Cardwell,
of Mercer county, Kentucky, for the same
purpose.
Also, the petition of John P. Thompson, of
Daviess county, Kentucky, for the same pur-
pose.
Also, the petition of Williarn Lindsay, of
Hickman county, Kentucky, lor the same
purpose.
By Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts: A
petition of the citizens of Gloucester, Massa-
chusetts, asking for a commission to take evi-
dence relative to the necessity of improving
the mouth of Gloucester harbor.
By Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin: The petition
of Samuel Birdsall, jr., for a pension.
By Mr. CULLOM: The petition of Hon.
William Smith and 40 others, citizens of Mc-
Lean county, Illinois, asking Congress to remit
the duty on imports of hides, and allow them to
enter lrc©
By Mr.' DICKINSON: The petition of
Henry Reiling, Frederick Zorn, 0.33, Philips,
and others, citizens of Sandusky county, Ohio,
praying for repeal of duties on hides.
Also, the memorial of P. K. Krotzer and
others, citizens of Elmore, Ottawa county,
Ohio, making the same request.
By Mr. FERRY: The petition of R. T.
Lyon, president of the Cleveland Board of
Trade, P. Chamberlain, president of the North-
ern Transportation Company, and 30 others,
praying for an appropriation for the improve-
ment of the harbor at Aux Bees Scies, Mich-
igan.
By Mr. FISHER: A petition of several
hundred citizens of the county of Niagara,
New York, asking the removal of all duties on
coal.
By Mr. HOACr: The memorial of G. Kis-
seberth, B. P. Conn, and others, of Putnam
county, Ohio, for the repeal of the duty on
imported leather, hides, &c.
By Mr. KERR: The petition of Reuben
Dailey, of Memphis, Tennessee, for payment
for services as reporter for the grand jury of
the United States district court at Memphis,
Tennessee, in 1860-07.
By Mr. LAFLIN: Thepetition of John Rhu-
bart, of Evan's Mills, Jefferson county, New
York, praying for a pension.
By Mr. MAYNARD: A petition of the
loyal citizens of the county of Wayne, State of
Tennessee, asking relief against the late revo-
lutionary proceedings in that State.
By Mr. MORRILL, of Maine: The petition
of John T. Parker and Samuel Parker, for pen-
sion as grandchildren of Bartholomew True, a
soldier of the war of the Revolution.
By Mr. PAINE: The petition of Levi Hub-
bell and 18 others, citizens of Milwaukee, Wis-
consin, for the repeal of the duty on raw hides.
Also, the petition of Frederick Dixon and 148
others, residents of Milwaukee, for the repeal
of the duty on raw hides.
Also, the petition of J. M. Smith and 65
others, residents of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, for
the repeal of the duty on raw hides.
Also, the petition of C. Trieschmann and 50
others, citizens of Milwaukee, in the State of
Wisconsin, for the repeal of the duty on raw
hides.
Also, the petition of R. Luddiraann and 59
others, citizens of Milwaukee, for the repeal of
the duty on raw hides.
Also, the petition of the Wisconsin Leather
Company and 151 citizens of Milwaukee, Wis-
consin, for tho repeal of the duty on raw hides.
By Mr. PROSSER: A petition of mem-
bers of the Tennessee Legislature and others,
for tho relief of R. B. Gibbs, of Cheatham
county, Tennessee, who was made a cripple
for life in rendering important services to the
United States Government.
Also, the petition of L. D. Hogle, an acting
assistant surgeon during the war, asking a
pension.
By Mr. REEVES : The petition of Mary C.
Nicoll, for a pension.
By Mr. SAWYER: The memorial of Cyrus
Whitcomb and 42 others, citizens of Manito-
woc county, Wisconsin, asking for the repeal
of the duty on foreign hides.
By Mr. TANNER: The petition of Emily
McClun, for a pension.
By Mr. WELKER: The petition of William
Tnlbert, asking compensation for the use of
his invention and patent for improvement in
marine railways in use in the navy-yard at
Washington.
By Mr. WIIITTEMORE: A petition of 43
merchants of Charleston, South Carolina, for
an alteration of the revenue laws so as to allow
the importation of guano ia foreign vessels.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, December 10, 1869.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
order oj? business.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I rise for the
purpose of calling up the regular order ; but
before doing so I am willing to yield to several
gentlemen who desire to introduce by unan-
imous consent matters for reference.
navy-yard at league island.
Mr. SCOFIELD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill(H. R. No. 480) for the trans-
fer of the Philadelphia navy-yard to League
Island; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
barracks at natal academy.
Mr. SCOFIELD,. by unanimous consent,
presented a letter of the Secretary of the Navy,
relative to an appropriation of $30,000 for the
purpose of building new barracks for midship-
men at the Naval Academy; which'was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.-
removal of disabilities.
Mr. ROGERS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution (H. R. ■ No. 81) to
removedisabilitiesfromthepeopleof the States
lately in rebellion against the Government;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on Reconstruction, and
ordered to be printed.
coasting trade.
Mr. WHITTEMORE, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced abill (H. R. No. 481) to amend
the laws regulating the coasting trade; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
port of new orleans.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana, by unan-
imous consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No.
4S2) extending the limits of the port of New
Orleans; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
bayou teciie, louisiana.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana, also, by
unanimous consent, introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 483) making an appropriation for removing
obstructionsfromtheBayou Teche, intheState
of Louisiana; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Appropriations.
new orleans custom-house.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana, also, by
unanimous consent, introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 484) making an appropriation for repairing
and finishing the custom-house at New Orleans;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
park in st. louis.
Mr. WELLS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced abill (H. R. No. 485) donating to the
city of St. Louis for a park the land on which
the United States arsenal stands ; which was
read a first and second time, andreferredto the
Committee on Military Affairs.
military road michigan and wisconsin.
Mr. STRICKLAND, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 486) to extend
the time for the completion of the military road
from Fort Wilkins, at Copper Harbor, in the
State of Michigan, to Fort Howard, at Green
Bay, in the State of Wisconsin; which was read
a first and second time, andreferredto the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. STRICKLAND. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the committee have leave to report
back this bill at any time.
Mr. CULLOM. I object.
michigan judicial districts.
Mr. STRICKLAND also, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 487) to di-
vide the State of Michigan into three judicial
districts, and to establish the northern district
of Michigan ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
improvement of l'ortaue lake.
Mr. STRICKLAND also, by unanimous con-
sent, presented a joint resolution of the Legis-
lature of the State of Michigan, asking an
appropriation for the improvement of the
entrance to Portage Lake, in said State; which,
was referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands.
naturalization.
Mr. JENCKES, by unanimous consent, iu-
