4208
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
to take up the subject. That letter, the hon-
orable Senator will perceive, is written in har-
mony with that rule of the Departments. It
has no reference to the merits or demerits of
the claim. No opinion on that subject was
required, because the rule of the Department
would prohibit the Secretary or the Commis-
sioner from reopening the 'case unless Con-
gress so directed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment offered by the
Senator from Indiana.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT. Does that embrace both of
the items ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It does. _ .
Mr. RICE. I move to amend the bill by
adding the following as an additional section :
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That ill order to
carry into effect tho eleventh and twelfth articles ot
the treaty between the United States of Americaand
the Choetaw and Chickasaw tribes of Indians, con-
lirmcd by the Senat e on ! he 21st day of February, in
i tic year of our Lord 1858, and the re-oluUo:i of tho
United States Senate in pursuance theroof, passed
on the 9th day of March, in tile year 1859, as linally
adiusted by tbo report of the Committee on Indian
Affairs, made to the Senato on tho 19th of June, A.
I>. I860, and the tert.li article of tho treaty between
tho United States and tbosaid Indians, approved by
the Senate o( tho United States on the 28th day of
Juno, A. I). 1SG6, nnd proclaimed July 10, A. 1). I860,
tho Secretary of tilo Treasury is hereby authorized
a,nd directed to issue on tho credit of tho United
Suites coupon bonds of the denomination of not less
than fifty dollars each, payable twenty years from
the date of tho approval of this net, bearing interest
in lawful money of the U nited States at the rate ol'
iivo per cent, per annum, pay able semi-annually, for
tho sum of 91,83^,400 85, which bonds shall be deliv-
ered to the proper authorities of the Choctaw nation
oi tiibe, a ud no pa: f. thcieoi shall be delivered by tho
Seeretai y nf I lie Troasiu v to any attorney or a iron t of
said Indians; norshall thosaid Secretary in making
sueh delivery recognise any contract, agreement, or
assignment made by or bctweensaid nation, or indi-
vidual members thereol, and any agent or attorney
employed by them lor tho prosecution of said claim
against tho Government of tho United States; but.
tho wlioto amount of sa.nl bonds shall bo delivered
to the proper autiioritiesofsaidnalionortribo. And
all individual claims against tho United States on
the part of Choetaws, which tho Choctaw nation is
liable to pay, under and by viltue of tho said treaty
of Juno 22, A. D. 185t>, shad be paid in said coupon
bonds, tlio settlement, and payment to bo made with
tbo advieo and midor tho direction of the. United
States agentfor said nation or tribe of Indians: I'io-
vidcd, 't hat tile said Choctaw nation or tribe ot In-
dians shall roceivo tho said bonds in full satisfaction
and disehargoof all claims of said nation or tribe, and
of tlio members thereof, against tho United States,
existing prior to the 28th day of Juno, A. D. 1800,
except obligations arising out of other treaty stip-
ulations or acts of legislation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is this amend-
ment from the Committee on Indian Affairs?
Sir. UlCH. No, sir. Unless the chairman
ofthc Committee on Appropriationswill accept
the amendment, I will explain it.
Mr. RAMSEY". J will accept it for him, as
lie is engaged at this moment. [Laughter.]
Tho VICE PR liSIDENT. The Senator from
Arkansas asks the Senator from Maine if lie
will accept this amendment?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hardly think
tho Senator can be serious in making sue!: a
proposition.
Mr. RICE. Mr. President, this claim,
although it is a large one, is nevertheless a
just claim; it is nevertheless a claim that the
Government is in duty bound to pay to the
Choctaw nation. I will explain it, and in
explaining it I should like to have the atten-
tion ol Senators, as the magnitude of the claim
requires that they should understand it. It
arises out of the treaty of 1830, made with the
Choctaw nation when they occupied lands in
the State of Mississippi. Under tiiat treaty the
United States acquired some ten million acres
of hind from them. The United States sold
those lands and received the proceeds into the
Treasury. The Indians from time to time
claimed a settlement with the United States
of the proceeds of the sale of the land. In
jSoil, in order that, the claim might be settled,
the Government made a new treaty with the
Choetaws. I send that treaty to the desk, and
ask the Secretary to read the eleventh article
of it.
The Secretary read as follows:
"The Government of tho United States not being
prepared to assent to the claim set up under the
treaty of September 27, 1830, and so earnestly con-
tended for by the Choetaws as a rule of settlement,
but justly appreciating: the sacrifices, faithful ser-
vices, and general good conduct of tho Choctaw peo-
ple, and being desirous that their rights and claims
against the United States shall receive a just, fair,
and liberal consideration, it is therefore stipulated
that the following questions be submitted for adju-
dication to the Senate of tho United States;
"'1. "Whether the Choetaws are entitled to, or
shall bo allowed, the proceeds of tho sale of tho
lands coded by them to the United States by the
treaty of September 27, 1830, deducting therefrom
the cost of their survey and sale, and all just and
proper expenditures and payments under tho pro-
visions of said treaty; and if so, what, price per aero
shall bo allowed to the Choetaws for tho lands re-
maining unsold, in order that a final settlement with
them may be promptly effected;' or,
"'2. Whether tho Choetaws sbal 1 _bo allowed a
gross sum in further and fall satisfaction of ail their
claims, national and individual, against tho United
States; and if so, how mueli?'"
Mr. RICE. The Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, having had the subject before them,
made a report to the Senate and submitted
resolutions providing for the award and judg-
ment of the Senate upon the questions sub-
mitted by the treaty of 18-35; that is, by tho
treaty which has just been read.
Mr. HARtiAN. When was that?
Mr. RICE. This was in 1859. The report
was made to the Senate, ;md the Senate adopted
two resolutions, which 1 will send to the Sec-
retary to have read.
The Secretary read as follows:
" Whereas the eleventh article of the treaty of Juno
22,1855, with tho Choetaw aud Chickasaw Indians
provides that the following questions be submitted
for decision to the Senate of tho United States:
"1. Whether the Choetaws are entitled to or shall
bo allowed the proceeds of tho sales of the lands
ceded by them to tho United States by the treaty of
September 2/, 1830, deducting tlicrofrom the costs of
then- survey and salo, and all just and proper expend-
itures and payments under tho provisions of said
treaty; audit so, what price per acre shall bo allowed
to tho Choetaws for tho lands remaining unsold, in
order that a final settlement with them may bo
promptly effected; or,
"2. Whother tlioChoctaws shall bo allowed a gro'-s
sum, in further and full satisfaction of all their
claims, national and individual, against the United
States; aud if so, how much?
" Rt'xolved, That the Choetaws be allowed the pro-
ceeds of the '-•alo of sueh lands as have been sold bv
tho United States on Iho 1st day of January last,
deducting therefrom the Costs of their survey aud
salo and all propci expenditures and payments under
said treaty, excluding the reservations allowed and
secured, and estimating the scrip issued in lieu ot
reservations at tho rato of SI 25 per acre; and fur-
ther, that they also bo allowed twelve and a half
cents per aero for tlioresiduo of said lands.
" JCesolved, That tho Secretary of tho Interior cause
an account to bo stated with the Choetaws, showing
what amount is duo them according to tho above
prescribed principles of settlement, and roport tho
samo to Congress."
Mr. RICE. Now, Mr. President, by treaty
between the United States and these Indians,
here was an agreement to submit to the Senate
of the United States for t.heir arbitration and
award two propositions. One was, whether the
Indians should bo allowed the net proceeds of
their land, or whether they should be allowed
a gross amount in full satisfaction of all claims.
The Senate made that award. They accepted
the trust imposed upon them by the treaty and
acted upon it, and they made the award that
the Indians should be paid the net proceeds
of the sale of the lands at certain priccs, and
resolved that the Secretary of the Interior
should state the account between tho Choe-
taws and the United States in regard to those
lands. Tho Secretary of the Interior did state
that account and reported i t back to the Senate.
He stated an account by which he made the total
amountofthe salesof those lands $8,078,014 80.
That was the amount of money that came
into the Treasury from the sale of the lands
that the United States received from the Choc-
taw nation. The Secretary charged every con-
ceivable item against the Choetaws that he
could find, and made the charges for the sale
on account of the Indians $5,097,367 50, leav-
ing a balance of the net proceeds of the sale
of the lands of §2,081,247 30. That is the
amount the Secretary of the Interior reported
as due the Choetaws in 1850. He reported
that fact to the Senate. It was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and they made
a report by which they charged the Choetaws
with further additional amounts. For instance,
they charged them ten cents an acre for the
surveying of the lands that the Government
gave to the State of Mississippi. Instead of
making the State pay that amount they charged
it up against the Choetaws, and thus reduced
tho amount to $2.332,56085. Xhen the award
as fixed by the Senate is that sum. That is the
statement of the Secretary of the Interior re-
duced by the Senate committee. The matter
stood in that way for about a year, when Con-
gress recognized the award and passed in an
appropriation bill a clause paying §500,000
upon that award in this language :
" The payment to the Choctaw nation or tribe of
Indians, on account of their claim under the eleventh
and twelftharticles of the treaty with said nation or
tribe, made the 22dof Juno, 1855. the sum of $500,000;
&250.000 of which sum shall bepaid in money, andfor
the residue the Secretary ofthe Treasuiysliall oa.nse
to bo issued to the proper authorities of tho nation
or tribe, on their requisition, bonds ol the United
States authorised by law at tiic present session of
Congress: Provided, That in tho future adjustment
of the claim of tho Choetaws, under tho treaty afore-
said, tho sum shall -be charged against, the said
Indians."
In this amendment we give them credit for
that $500,000. Congress having recognized,
the claim and paid §500,000 upon it are now-
asked to pay the balance.' In 1SG6, after the
war, the United States made another treaty
with the Choctawlndians, and the tenth article
of that treaty is in these words :
"The United States reaffirms all obligations aris-
ing out of treaty stipulations or acts of legislation
with regard to tho Choctaw and Chickasaw nations,
entered into prior to tho late rebellion and in force
at that time, not inconsistent heiowit.h, and further
agrees to renew the payment of all annuities and
other moneys accruing under sueh treaty stipula-
tions and acts of legislation from and after the close
of tho fiscal year ending on the 80th of June, in the
year 18GS."
The forty-fifth article provided ;
"All rights, privileges, and immunities heretofore
possessed by said nations or individuals thereol, or
to which they were entitled under the treaties and
legislation heretofore made and had in connection
with them, shall be, and are hereby declared to be,
in full force, so far as they aie consistent with the
provisions of this treaty."
We have prior to the commencement of the
war an award of the Senate that there was
due to the Choetaws $2,300,000. After that
time wo have a payment upon that award of
§500,000. We have then due at the com-
mencement of the war something over one mil-
lion eight hundred thousand dollars. We have
after the war a recognition of that claim, and
an agreement on the part of the Government
of the United Slates to pay it after the 30th of
June, 186C. Now we ask, not for that money,
but that the debt may be funded in order that
it may draw interest. Wo ask that bonds may
bo issued to the Choctaw nation drawing five
per cent, interest payable in twenty years. - I
see no escape on the part of the Government
from doing what is asked in this matter. I
presume that no man who has examined this
question will contend for a moment that the
money is not legally due the Choetaws. I pre-
sume the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations, if he has examined it, will not say
that the claim is not legally due to the Choe-
taws. I have no idea that the chairman of
the Committee on Indian Affairs, who I know
has examined it, will say that the claim is not
just, and is not legally due them. The only
way that Congress can avoid its payment is
simply to say that they will not pay it. The
claim is established by law and by treaty. It
has been recognized from 1855 as an existing
obligation, and no one, so far as I have heard,
has been able, or has even attempted to show
wherein the claim is not correct and proper.
I will hear from the chairmen of the various
committees on this subject, and see what they
have to say against, it, if anything, before going
further.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask the Sen-
