64
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 488) to establish a
uniform rule of naturalization throughout the
United States; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
improvement of massachusetts harbors.
Mr. BTJTLER, of Massachusetts, by unan-
imous consent, submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was read,considered,and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be, and is
hereby, directed to furnish for the information of the
House reports of all surveys made in •the State of
Massachusetts as to impediments and obstructions in
the rivers and harbors thereof.
clerk to committee.
Mr. ARNELL, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and referred to the Committee
on Accounts:
Resolved, That the Committee on Education and
Labor be authorized to employ a clerk, at the same
rate of compensation as is allowed to clerks of other
committees.
bridge across niagara river.
Mr. BENNETT, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 489) to authorize
the construction and maintenance of a bridge
across the Niagara river; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
obsequies of members of congress.
Mr. MERCUR, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Retrenchment
be instructed to inquire into the propriety of reduc-
ing the expenses of the obsequies of the members
of Congress, and to report by bill or otherwise.
BIIAKERS.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
M'evolved. That the Committee of Ways nnd Means
be mstructod to inquire whether any legislation is
necessary to secure to tho members of tho association
known as Shakers the same exemption under the
income tax as is enjoyed by other individuals, and
report by'bill or otherwise.
republic of cuba.
Mr. IIOGE. I offer the following resolution:
/^'9o/verf, That the Committee on Foreign Affairs
be and are instructed to inquire into tho expediency
oi recognizing the republic of Cuba as a freo and
independent nation, and that said committee report
by bill or otherwise at as early a day as practicable.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I cannot give
way for that resolution.
The SPE AKER. The gentleman from Ohio
refuses to give way, and the resolution of the
gentleman from South Carolina is not before
the House.
tiiomas potter.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 492) for
the relief of Thomas Potter, late private in
company I, thirtenth Tennessee cavalry; which
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
pensioners1 fees.
Mr. LAWRENCE, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 490) to abolish
certain fees required of pensioners ; which was
lead a first, and second time, referred to the
the Committee on Pensions, and ordered to be
printed.
jonas p. lets'.
Mr. POTTER. I offer the following reso-
lution :
Resolved. That the clerk of the Committeo of
Claims of the House of Representatives be author-
ized and instructed to deliver to Jonas P. Levy or
his legal attorneys or assigns, all papers before said
committee relative to his claims against tho officials
of the republic ot Mexico, presented May 19,1856.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
would suggest that copies be left in possession
of the committee.
Mr. POTTER. Certainly; the resolution
will so provide.
The resolution was agreed to.
legal-tender notes.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask leave to introduce
the following bill, and shall move its reference
to the Committee of Ways and Means:
A bill authorizing an additional issue of
legal-tender notes to the amount of $44,000,000,
and for other purposes.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I shall move
that that bill be referred to the Committee on
Banking and Currency.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I suppose that is a
debatable question, and I desire to be heard
upon it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Then I cannot
give way for the introduction of the bill.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Then I insist on the
regular order of business.
Mr. CULLOM. I move to reconsider the
various votes by which bills, &c., have been
referred, and to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
sale of farm products.
Mr. HAY, by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 491) to repeal so much of the
internal revenue laws of the Unitcd.States as
requires farmers and gardeners to have a pro-
duce brokers' license to sell their own products
from stores or stands ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to theCommittee
of Ways and Means.
change of reference.
The SPEAKER. Yesterday the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] presented a resolu-
tion relative to the printing of the report of the
General Land Office, which was referred to the
Committee on Printing. He desires in the first
place that it shall be referred to the Committee
on the Public Lands; and when it shall be
reported back from that committee it will have
to go to the Committee on Printing. Is there
objection to the change of reference ? The
Chair hears no objection.
republic of cuba.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Governor
of South Carolina, transmitting a copy of res-
olutions adopted by the General Assembly of
tho State of South Carolina relative to the rec-
ognition of the republic of Cuba by the United
States Government ; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
report of comptroller of currency.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Comptroller of the Currency,
inclosing the seventh annual report of the
Comptroller of the Currency, as required by
law; which was referred to the Committee on
Banking and Currency.
hinds vs. siierrod.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
papers in the contested-election caseof Hinds
vs. Sherrod, from the State of Alabama; which
were referred to the Committee of Elections.
roots vs. cameron.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
papers in the contested-election case of Roots
vs. Cameron, from the first congressional dis-
trict of Arkansas; which were referred to the
Committee of Elections.
judgments of the court of claims.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from Samuel H. Huntington, chief
clerk of the Court of Claims, transmitting a
statement of the judgments in said court for
the year ending December 6,1869 ; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
fourth district of virginia.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a protest from George Tucker against the ad-
mission of George W. Booker as Representa-
tive from the fourth district of Virginia; which
was referred to the Committee of Elections
seventh district of virginia.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a protest from C. C. Whittlesey against the
admission of Lewis McKenzie as Representa-
tive from the seventh district of Virginia ; which
was referred to the Committee of Elections.
sheafe vs. tillman.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
papers in the contested-election case of C. A.
Sheafe vs. Lewis Tillman, of the fourth con-
gressional district of Tennessee; which were
referred to the Committee of Elections.
indian hostilities ix new mexico.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the grand jurors of New
Mexico, in relation to Indian hostilities in that
Territory; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs.
barnes vs. adams.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
papers in the contested-election case of Barnes
vs. Adams, from the eighth congressional dis-
trict of Kentucky; which were referred to the
Committee of Elections.
memphis and el paso railroad.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
resolutions by the General Assembly of the
State of South Carolina, requesting Congress
to aid in the construction of the Memphis, El
Paso, and Southern transcontinental railroad,
on the line of the thirty-second parallel of lati-
tude, to the Pacific ocean; which were referred
to the Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
government sales of coin.
Mr. COBURN, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 493) to provide for
the sale of the coin in the Treasury of the United
States, except such as may necessary for the
payment of the interest on the bonds of the
United States; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee of Wavs
and Means, and ordered to be printed.
french atlantic cable.
Mr. WOOD, by unanimous consent, submit
ted the following resolution ; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Affairs
be requested to inquire into and report to this House
the conditions by which theso-ealled b'rencu Atlantic
Cable Company holds the concession of the Govern-
ment of i ranee to connect their eabl e with the Prenc-h
shore; ana whether there are any restrictions or res-
ervations in said concession which are prejudicial to
the rights of the Government of the United States or
to the people thereof; and also, any further informa-
tion relating thereto and and which affect ocean tele-
graphing, together with such recommendations in
the premises as m the judgment of the committee
may be required.
independence op cuba.
Mr. SWANN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to make
a correction in the Journal. I yesterday pre-
sented a memorial from certain citizens of
Baltimore, in reference to the acknowledgment
of the independence of Cuba and the grant-
ing of belligerent rights to that people. Tho
Chair suggested that the memorial should be
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
in which suggestion I acquiesced. I find no
notice of that memorial upon the Journal, and
I ask that it be entered there.
The SPEAKER. It is not customary to
enter petitions and memorials upon the Jour-
nal as read in the House, though they are
included m the Journal as printed.
Mr. bWANN,_ The petition to "which I refer
rrn n appear in the Globe report.
The SPEAKER. Under the rules of the
House, gentlemen desiring that a statement of
petitions presented by them shall appear in
the Globe should furnish a minute of the peti-
tions to the reporters. The petition in question
will appear m the Globe of to-morrow if the
gentleman from Maryland will hand to the re-
porters the necessary memorandum.
mofininct hour of monday.
. SPEAKER. Before the House resolves
itself into Committee of the Whole on the
