1376
THE COHGrKESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
year* and no cause sprang up or developed
itself, or revealed itself why that judgment
should not stand, went through as a matter of
course, and only those judgments against the
United States about which there was reason
for suspicion were ever examined in either
branch of Congress. The adverse judgments
that were reported here by the court were tried
over again because the parties sought to get
through here what they could not get through
the Court of Claims. But the practical effect
of the judgments rendered by the court aB
originally organized was that every one about
which there was no suspicion went through
without question, and no others.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. . I ask the indulgence of the
House to withdraw the amendment and renew
it. I want to follow this line of remark for a
moment.
No objection was made.
Mr. DAWES. To obviate the hardship of
compelling an honest judgment creditor to wait
for his pay we provided by law that he should
have five per cent, interest on his judgment;
so that it comes to this, that when we ask the
Court of Claims to bring their judgments here
and let them lie upon our table for one year
we give the judgment-creditors five per cent,
upon their judgments, and every one of them,
against which a year's examination and a year's
time bring no suspicion, goes through as a
matter of course. But the question is whether
we shall have any control over these judg-
ments. The alternative of the amendment of
the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Poland]
is not to adopt an appropriation of $100,000,
but an appropriation of $1,000,000, and that
$1,000,000 will not begin to answer the judg-
ments of the Court of Claims. It was but a little
while ago that $11,000,000 in claims of a par-
• ticular class were all prepared and agents were
advertising for them all over the country to be
rushed through the Court of Claims, ana noth-
ing but that statute intervened between them
all and the judgment of the Court of Claims.
We can say to the Court of Claims, "How-
ever the error in your judgment may arise,
whether from honest mistake in rendering it
or from inefficiency or inattention in the pros-
ecuting officer* or from any other cause, we do
not care to have any control whatever over your
-judgments, or any power to look into them."
.Why, sir, this last summer one of their judg-
ments was appealed from and carried to the
Supreme Court, and there argued and finally
reversed by the Supreme Court in October
last; and after the decision in the case was
reversed it was found that in the mean time it
had been paid out of the Treasury Depart-
ment.
Mr. WELKER. Is not this fund jiow by
law covered into the Treasury, and can it be
taken out except by a specific appropriation
for that purpose by Congress ?
Mr. DAWES. That is true now. But the
proposition of the gentleman from Vermont,
[Mr. Poland]—although not in so many words,
yet that is the necessary effect of it'—-is to appro-
priate $1,000,000 to answer such judgments as
the Court of Claims may render, without our
knowing how they originated or whether a
year hence it may not be demonstrated that
some of those judgments may be erroneous.
Now, I have said this with the fullest confi-
dence in the integrity of the Court of Claims
and of the officers of that court. But it is an
anomaly nowhere else existing to appropriate
money in advance to pay these judgments.
Why, sir, in a single bureau in the Treasury
Department, pending a bill between Congress
and the President of the United States, there
were rushed through four hundred claims to
avoid the effect of the law which we had passed
for the very purpose of cutting off the fees of
the attorneys in these cases. The records of
that bureau show that in the ten days while
the bill was hanging between the Congress.and
the President of the United States tour'hun-
dred claims of a single firm were rushed through
that bureau.
Mr. POLAND. I would like to ask my
friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] if the
Court of Claims had anything to do with that?
Mr. DAWES. No, sir; but we learn from
one the character of all these things, and the
necessity for keeping in our power, as far as we
can, control of the Treasury of the United
States.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GRISWOLD. As I understand the
paragraph under consideration, it is a mere
appropriation. I do not understand that it in
any way limits or circumscribes the powers of
the Court of Claims. As that court now stands,
with the powers conferred upon it by the statute,
it has the right to give judgment, whether for
five, ten, fifty, or a hundred thousand dollars,
: up to the amount'of their jurisdiction. I do
not see that this provision in any way affects the
power of the court. If this provision should be
j | enacted and go into effect as a law the powers
ij of the Court of Claims will remain precisely
i: the same. They will continue to render their
!; judgments, whether for five, ten, or fifty thou-
j sand dollars, for this provision will in no way
i affect their jurisdiction. •
I As I understand it, this is simply a proposi-
| tion to appropriate money. I suppose that
i when the Court of Claims renders its judgments,
i unless we see fit to repudiate the judgments
! given in the case of honest claims adjudicated
byacourt created by ourselves Congress would
make the requisite appropriations to pay them,
whether they be for $5,000 or for $100,000.
This is a mere appropriation of so much
money. It is entirely different from most of
the appropriations in this bill, because in the
case oi the other appropriations we kno w the
amount to be expended during the next fiscal
year for this or that specific purpose. But in
regard to this particular appropriation, we do
not know the amount of judgments that may
be rendered by this Court of Claims, for they
may amount to millions. And not knowing
how much it may be necessary to raise for the
purpose, we do not propose to appropriate at
this time a large amount of money, and let it
lie in the Treasury and perhaps not be used.
The entire paragraph, in connection with this
proviso, amounts to nothing more or less than
appropriating $100,000. 1 presume the Com-
mittee on Appropriations have intended to
approximate the amount that maybe necessary
to pay these small judgments. This is merely
appropriating $100,000 to pay certain specified
claims. All judgments which do not amount
to over $5,000 are to be paid without the
claimants applying to Congress and obtaining
legislation to meet their claims.
Mr. Chairman, I have said all that I intended
to say on this subject. It seems to me that
the proviso which gentlemen seek to strikeout
is eminently proper and fixes a reasonable
amount. The committee can of course judge
best as to the amount which should be appro-
priated in advance to pay these claims. It
appears to me eminently proper that the pay-
ment of the smaller claims should be provided
for, leaving the larger judgments to be consid-
ered by Congress when- presented.
. [Here die hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I withdraw the amendment
to the amendment.
MESSAGE PROM THE SENATE.
. The committee rose informally; and a mes-
sage from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham. its Secre-
tary, was received, announcing that tne Senate
had agreed to the report of the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the amendments of the Senate to
the bill (H. R. No. 782) making appropriations
for the support of the Military Academy for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1871.
The message also announced the return to
the House, for its concurrence, of the bill (S.
No. 466). for the relief of the owners of the brig
Ocean Belle, heretofore passed by the Senate,
and subsequently at its request returned by the
House of Representatives.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed joint resolutions of the following
titles, in which the concurrence of the House
was requested:
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 107)forthe relief
of Commodore S. B. Bissell;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 117) to pass to the
credit of the National Asylum for Disabled
Volunteer Soldiers the funds belonging to it,
for the relief of sick and wounded soldiers ;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 128) authorizing
the issue of clothing to certain enlisted men of
the fourteenth regiment of infantry ; and
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 131) to authorize
the payment of the full salary of Alvin P.
Hovey as minister in Peru, without deduction
on account of absence from his post.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union resumed its session.
Mr. POLAND. I renew the amendment to
the amendment. It has been said by the gen-
tleman from New York that this amendment
which was ingrafted upon the appropriation bill
last year by the House was defeated by iny
efforts. All the effort that I made upon the
subject was in this House, and here I was
defeated. The House adopted the provision,
. and it was not the first time that the House
i adopted it. It was an old pet project of the
| former chairman of the Committee on Appro-
j priations, who deemed that he was best serving
[ the country when he prevented honest claim-
j ants against the Government from getting one
| dollar of their pay.
! Mr. KELSEY. Will the gentleman from
j Vermont allow me a word right here? I wish
to relieve the former chairman of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations from any blame in this
behalf. That committee in the last Congress
adopted this provision upon my own motion,
and the committee of the present Congress has
also adopted the proviso upon my motion.
Mr. POLAND. The gentleman does not go
back so far as the histoid of this proviso goes.
Mr. KELSEY. Perhaps not.
Mr. POLAND. It has been upon the ap-
propriation bill as passed by this House ever
since I have been a member of the House, and
I have opposed it every year. I have on each
occasion been defeated in this House, as I may
be again now; but it has never become the
law, and I trust it, never will. It was not on
account of any fault or any merit of mine in
opposing it that it did not become the law.
The only effort I made upon it was in this
House. The mantle of the old chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations has taken
one of my supporters away; and perhaps if
the Committee on Appropriations be made
large enough and be changed often enough, I
shall lose them all.. I trust, however, Mr.
Chairman, that I shall never become a member
of that committee, so that there maybe at least
one man left to oppose so unjust a proposition
as this proviso. Last year I had the very hearty
support of a gentleman who is now in my eye,
and who now stands on the other side upon
this question.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to know whether the
gentleman from Vermont has any record on
the subject ?
Mr. POLAND. It is difficult to keep any
record in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. DAWES. I make the inquiry for the
reason that nothing has so much astonished
me as the suggestion of the gentleman from
Vermont.
Mr. POLAND. It is seldom, Mr. Chairman,
I differ or venture to differ with my friend from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] and when Ifind
myself in opposition to him I always remember
it, and remember it very distinotly.
Mr. DAWES. I do not mean to say that the
