362
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 20,
Ho. of Reps.
Paving of Pennsylvania Aoenue—Mr. Knott.
41st Cong.... 2d Sess.
contemplated in this bill, amounting as it does
merely to the pitiful sum of $180,000, may
appear too insignificant to justify a moment's
consideration or a syllable of 1-emonstrance,
notwithstanding it is to come out of the hard
earnings of the laboring massis, for whose wel-
fare gentlemen entertain such an affectionate
solicitude, and whose energies and resources
are already taxed to their utmost tension to
supply the means to meet such expenses of
the Government as are not only legitimate but
absolutely indispensable. Nevertheless, sir, I
feel constrained to crave the indulgence of the
committee for a short time while I shall en-
deavor to give some of the reasons by which I
am impelled to enter the protest which I now
doj in the name of my constituents, against
the appropriation of a solitary dollar of the
public money to any such purpose as that con-
templated in this measure, further than may be
necessary to construct and keep in repair the
pavements upon or immediately adjacent to
the Government's property.
For the people of this city I entertain the
highest possible respect. Unskilled as I am
in the language of adnlation, I can only say
that as far as I have had the pleasure of an
acquaintance with them 1 have found them as
intelligent, refined, hospitable, and courteous
as any community with which it has ever been
my fortune to associate, and I trust that per-
sonally I should be as ready as any gentleman
around me to do them a favor. At any rate
1 am sure that while I am not under any indi-
vidual obligations to any of them, further than
are imposed by the ordinary obligations of
courtesy and friendship, X entertain no other
sentiments toward them than those of respect
and kindness; but, sir, the inhabitants of
every other city on this continent that I know
anything about are compelled to pave their
own streets at their own expense without the
aid of a single dollar from the Government or
any other source whatever; and although I
have given the question such fair and honest
investigation as I have been able to do, I have
not discovered, and cannot discover, a solitary
valid reason why those who own the property
hero should not be left to do the same with
thoirs.
Mr. HAMILTON. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a remark 1
Mr. KNOTT. Certainly.
Mr. HAMILTON. I would assign as the
reason for what the gentleman cannot readily
understand, that by order of the Government
Pennsylvania avenue is twice as wide as the
principal streets of perhaps any other city in
the country.
Mr. KNOTT. In reply to that, sir, I have
simply to say that it is not an inch wider than
it was when the present owners purchased their
property upon it. There was no law compel-
ling any of them to purchase that property, nor
is there any that I know of compelling them to
keep it; and if they feel that they cannot pay
their proportion of a tax to pave this avenue,
and thereby render their property more val-
uable, while both the comforts and profits of
their business will be increased, all they have
to do is to sell out to those who can; and if
they can liud a place outside of Washington
city where real estate is exempt from its just
proportion of the burdens of taxation they are
at perfect liberty to invest their money there.
But, sir, to return to the thread of my thought
when interrupted by the gentleman from Flor-
ida, I repeat that 1 may be more than ordina-
rily dull of apprehension, or possibly I maybe
incapable of properly appreciating the amen-
ities of Washington society, but I cannot see
why the people of this country, from the mouth
of the St. Croix to the Iiio Grande, and from
Cape Hatteras to the mouth of the Columbia
river, shohld be taxed to the amount of $180,-
000 simply to minister to the convenience, add
to the comfort, increase the trade, and enhance
the value of the property of a few real estate
owners on a particular street in this city, while,
as I have said, the people of every other city
on the continent are obliged to pave their own
streets at their own expense; and you, sir, I
imagine, will find as much difficulty in seeing
why it should be so, as I do when you reflect
that the rate of taxation here is only about a
dollar and forty cents on the $100, while in
the other cities of the country it averages at
from SI 80 to $2 CO, and especially when you
remember that labor is, or at least ought to be,
cheaper here in Washington than in any other
city on this hemisphere.
Mr. VOORHEES. Let me ask the gentle-
man from Kentucky one question : whether
nobody but the citizens of Washington has an
interest in the streets and the improvements of
the capital of the nation ? I hold that wc are
citizens, residents and inhabitants here, and
that it is our duty and our interest to take care
of these matters. The people who send us
here—my constituents—are willing that I shall
contribute something in their behalf to make
the capital of this country worthy of this great
people of forty millions.
Mr. KNOTT. I wish to say now, once for
all, that I shall decline to yield to any more
questions which turn out to be speeches; but
1 will advert fully, and 1 trust satisfactorily,
to what the gentleman from Indiana has said
before I get through.
I was remarking, sir, that here in Washing-
ton the price of labor was or ought to be lower
than in any other city in this country, if not
on the entire globe, and in this, I presume, I
will not be disputed by any gentleman on this
floor, who less than three months ago voted a
charity of $30,000 in money and §10,000 in
clothing to some hundreds of stout, able-bodied
negro men in this city upon the grounds that
they were literally starving and freezing to
death, not because they would not work, but
because they could find no work to do. Their
labor will surely be worth their victuals and
clothes, which the property-holder who wants
their services in paving this street, can well
afford to give, and thus the Government might
bo relieved entirely of the necessity, or even
the pretext, of voting an extraordinary charity
to the one or an enormous subsidy to the other.
It is true, sir, as intimated by the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Voorhees, j that this is the
seat of Government; but is that any reason
why the streets of this city should be paved at
the expense of the people of the whole Union ?
If so, the very same rfeason requires that ive
should build and furnish houses for those who
condescend to accommodate us by living here.
Not merely comfortable and convenient shel-
ters from the inclemencies and vicissitudes of
the elirnate and seasons, but stately palaces of
the most elaborate design and gorgeous finish ;
such as will properly comport with the dignity
and character of the most powerful Govern-
ment on earth. If, therefore, the present
pavement on Pennsylvania avenue must be
torn up and one more elegant, comfortable,
and costly laid down in its stead, let us by all
means have the buildings removed and erect
at Government expense a row of six-story
brown-stone fronts, conceived in the highest
style of modern architecture, on either side of
the street from the west gate of the Capitol to
the Treasury building, in which tke owner of
the real estate upon which we build them may
revel in a luxury that Sardanapalus might have
envied, while the weather-beaten sun-bronzed
laborer in the country toils through summer's
heat and winter's cold, coining his sweat and
his blood, his bone and his sinew to keep up
the splendors of "the nation's capital."
Yes, sir, let us do this, and while you are
giving away the public money by hundreds of
thousands to relieve the property-holders of
Pennsylvania avenue of the onerous burden
of paving their own street and enhancing the
value of their own property, at their own ex-
pense, as the people of other cities are com-
pelled to do, let us continue to spurn as we
have done for years the humble petition of the
few surviving veterans of 1812, praying a mis-
erable pittance at our hands, as a just recog-
nition of their heroic services in defense of their
country, if not to save the little remnant of
their toil-spent lives from abject wretchedness
and want. What if their blood stained the sod
of Tippecanoe, New Orleans, or the Thames,
or tinged the azure wave of Lake Erie ? The
halo thrown around our escutcheon by their
deeds of daring and of sacrifice will soon pale
away and be forgotten amid the dazzling splen-
dors of "the nation's capital." Let the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions look to it
that these old, battle-scarred heroes never get
a dollar. Let us go home and tell our con-
stituents that there is plenty of money in the
Treasury for the brawny-armed, able-bodied
negro man, and the wealthy real estate owner
on the main thoroughfare in "the nation's
capital," but not a cent for the feeble old sol-
dier who fought the battles of his country in
his youth, to bo repaid in the neglect and con-
tempt of his Government when tottering under
the accumulated burdens of age and want to
the hospitable precincts of the grave.
But, sir, who, I would ask, is benefited by
the location of the capital here ? Are your
constituents or mine any wiser, better, richer,
or happier than they would be if it were in
Cincinnati, St. Louis, or Chicago, or anywhere
else? Do they derive a solitary advantage
from the mere fact that the seat of Government
happens to bo located here? Under what
obligation, then, can they be held on account
of that circumstance to pay for this proposed
pavement? On the other hand, I would be
obliged if some gentleman would tell me what
the city of Washington would be -without the
seat of Government? Suppose that this spa-
cious and magnificent structure, the Treasury
building, the Patent Office, the White House,
the Agricultural Department, the War Office,
the Navy Department, the Smithsonian Institu-
tion, the City Hall, the public gardens, statuary,
fountains, trees, shrubbery, and a thousand
other things that the Government has placed
hero to beautify and adorn this city, without
one farthing's expense to its inhabitants, should
to-night be removed by some powerful genii,
how do you imagine the place would look in
the morning? Would not you feel like you
had found "a lodge in some vast wilderness"
without " the boundless contiguity of shade ?"
[Laughter.]
Sir, let this city, which some seem ts> regard
as the pride of the Republic, if not the glory
of the entire universe, be stripped of the ad-
vantages it derives from the mere fact that the
seat of government is located here; from Con-
gress, with the countless hosts of hungry lob-
byists who crowd the corridors of this Capitol;
from the Departments, with their endless ret-
inue of employes, retainers, supernumeraries,
office-seekers, and office-brokers; let all the
paraphernalia of the Government be torn from
it, and in ten years Pennsylvania avenue will bo
overrun with broom-sedge, the fox will make
his den in the tangled thickets of La Fayette
park, and the owl hoot at noonday amid the
crumbling corridors of Willard's Hotel and
the Metropolitan. [Great laughter.] While
as it is, sir, the location of the capital here
is a source of direct revenue to every inhabit-
ant of the place, from the proprietors of the
Arlington House, whoso retinue of liveried
flunkies ministers to the luxurious tastes of th 
exquisite sybarite, down to the bootblack whe
