1870.
tfifi CONGRESSIONAL GL6M.
420i)
ator whether this amendment conies from any
icommittee?
Mr. RICE. No, sir.
Mr. MORRILL, ofMaifle. Mr. President,
this amendment appropriates a large sum of
money, $2,000,000 at least. It relates to a very
old transaction. It is not too much to say that
it is utterly impossible for the Senate, upon
this bill, to give it that consideration which the
magnitude of the sum involved requires. Now,
X submit to my honorable friend whether he
deems it a fit thing to put such an amendment
as this, involving so large a sum, spoil this
bill under circumstances that certainly render
it impossible for the Senate of the United
States to pass an intelligent judgment upon it?
What have the Senate to rply upon? First,
they have the conviction of the honorable Sen-
ator that it is all right. I have great confidence
in that Senator's opinions.
Mr. RICE. I ask the Senator from Maine
to say whether it is not all right?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
from Maine is not on the stand as a witness.
Although I saw this claim many years ago,
and remember that it was callcd to my atten-
tion, still, if I were to undertake to tell the
Senate what it is at this moment, I should not
be able to state it so intelligently that the Sen-
ate would be able to form a judgment from
the narrative I could give of it. Therefore, I
refrain from saying anything about it.
But the ground of my objection is this: that
so large a claim as this, involving a transaction
so remote and so complicated, ought to come
from one of the standing committees of the
Senate, and ought to stand on its own merits
and be passed in a separate bill under such
circumstances that when it is passed it will
challenge the respect and confidence of the
ocher branch of Congress. If my honorable
friend should suceced by his good nature, or
adroitness, or skill, or ability in managing the
amendment in securing a favorable judgment
ot the Senate upon it at this late period of the
session, would he have much confidence that
it would be likely to get that attention from the
House of Representatives which would insure
its passage through that body? 1 submit to
him that if this claim is all that lie supposes it
to be it will stand the test of the examination
of one of the standing committees of the Sen-
ate, and may be put through the Senate in a
bill by itself, and then it will go with strength
to the other branch. I hope that the Senator,
' under these circumstances, will not press the
amendment. .
Mr. RICE. The objection that the chair-
i man of the Committee on Appropriations makes
• against this amendment I think is not a good
! one. The object of this appropriation bill
I is to carry out treaty stipulations ; and this
I amendment comes under that head. The fact
t that it is a greater or less amount than some
| other appropriations has nothing whatever to
! do with the case. It is an appropriation to
' parry out a treaty stipulation. It is for the
; purpose of carrying out that which has been
recognized by Congress heretofore, that which
S has been examined by two committees or the
! Souse, and reported on favorably m both in-
stances ; and I believe it has once been exam-
1 ined by a joint committee of the Senate ana
House, of which the honorable Senator from
f Iowa [Mr. Harlan] was ehairtaan, and they
r. recognized its justice. I have not that repOrt
: before me ; but I have the report of one com-
^ mittee of the Senate in 1859 ; I have hetore
( me the report of a House committee recogmz-
' ing this claim, and resolving that it ought to
* be paid. It has been examined by taree com-
' mittees already; and there is no man, whether
5 on committee or off committee, who has ex-
t amined it who will not acknowledge that the
t claim is all right. . .
  I hare no fear of any objection being raised
^ by any member of this body or the chairman
6 of either of these committees to the legality
of this claim, by which any Senator will vote
f 41sx Cong-. 2d SESS.—NO. 204.
against it. If gentlemen vote against it, as I
said before, they will vote against it simply
because they do not want to pay it. , It is not
open to objection from .anybody who knows
anything about, it. It has been, before the
Committee on the Judiciary. If there are any
members of that committee here they can say
what their judgment was, although the com-
mittee did not reach a report by reason of the
absence of the member who had it in charge.
It has been examined in that committee; and
this being the proper place to have it acted
upon, in order that it may be got through at
this session, it is offered as ah amendment to
this bill. I ask any Senator who has any dis-
position to vote against it to make his olyec-
tions or ask any questions in regard to it he
sees proper, and if they are not satisfactorily
answered, then I will yield the whole ques-
tion.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question
on the amendment, and declared that the noes
appeared to have it.
Mr. RICE. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FOWLER. This is an amendment pro-
posing a very large appropriation, and 1 am
not prepared to vote upon it. It is too large
a sum for me to vote upon without knowing
something about it. I feel disposed to do what
is right toward these Indians; but I have not
sufficient information on the subject to warrant
me in voting for it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think the Sen-
ator from Tennessee has expressed the sen-
timent which the honorable Senator from
Aikansas will encounter 011 this measure. It
involves a large sum of money, $2,000,000.
Senators will be disinclined, in myjudgment, to
pay so large a aim as that without a thorough
conviction that it is absolutely right, which they
cannot now have an opportunity of examining.
I have some convictions about this claim. At
the same time I do not think it is the kind
of claim that ought to be put on this bill; and
without prejudice to the merits of the claim
T shall be constrained to vote against it. I hope
the Senate will hesitate before putting so large
a snm on this bill. It will only tend to embar-
rass it, without, in my judgment, there being
the slightest probability, if the amendment
should go on the bill, of its receiving the con-
currence of the other branch..
Mr. FOWLER. I hope the Senator from
Arkansas will withdraw the amendment.
The VICE PllESIDlSNT. The Senator from
Tennessee appeals to the Senator from Arkan-
sas to withdraw the amendment. Does he
do so?
Mr. RlCE. $0, sir.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM.. I will merely say
that I have no evidence that this claim is not
just; and if I vote against the amendment, it
will not beon thataccount, butmerely because
it has not been considered.and reported by a
committee of this body. I wish it had been.
I should act in accordance with the recommend-
ation of the committee even though the amend-
ment would draw a very large amount from the
Treasury. ,
Mr. POMBROY. Several years ago I re-
member to have investigated somewhat this
claim. It was put into my hands to investi-
gate when I was first a member of the Senate.
1 know very well that I thought the claifi a
just one, but il was so large in amount that it
was not thought best to move it on the appro-
priation bill. I remember distinctly the con-
clusion that I came to many years ago, and
that was that it was a just claim. I know that
the Senator who sits near me, a member of
the Judiciary Committee, and other Senators,
have examined the case. They think it just
in many respects ; but they hesitate about
moving it on an appropriation bill. I remem-
ber distinctly when I examined the case veiy
many years ago—I do not remember how
many; ( should"say five or six—I came to the
conclusion that it was a just claim; but at
that time we were engaged in th'p war, and as
it was a larjte claim, it was not thought best
to put it on the appropriation billi Tliafc W'aS
the conclusion I came to. :
, Mr. liARLAN, I should,be grat|tiec05f the
hoijflfable Senator .from Arkansas 'thought.it
proper to withdraw tliis amendment. The
claim is a yery large one. It was examined by
the Committee on Indian Affairs, They had
some doubts, about the law,of .the case, and
reported it hack, and asked the Senate to refer
it to the Committee on the Judiciary. That
recommendation was adopted, and it was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
as I understand that committee has not yet
reported. I think it would be better to let this
matter rest until the committee to whom it was
referred shall make their finding in the case.
The Committee on Indian Affairs were im-
pressed with the conviction that it is a just
claim ; but still I would not want to be com-
mitted to that. It is now in the hands of the
law committee, where I think it ought, to be
examined. It is a large sum of money to'be
put on an appropriation bill to be moved in the
Senate in this way. I think it would be better
to have it considered separately in a separate
bill. I therefore appeal to the honorable Sen-
ator from Arkansas to withdraw it. .
Mr. RICE. It was the intention of- the
Judiciary Committee to have got through with
the consideration of it in time for action upon
it on this bill; but they did not act on it in
time to make any written report upon it, and
in order that it might get through at this ses-
sion, I offered it as an amendment without that
report. I suppose the Senate could vote for
it with more satisfaction with that report than
without it; and in that view of the case, being
satisfied that when they vote from their con-
victions, and with full information, they will
vote for it, I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move that at
half past four o'clock to-day the Senate take a
recess until half past seven.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This being the
alternate day, the Senator from Maine moves
for a recess, under the rule heretofore adopted.
Mr. S UMNER. I sliould like to havfe an
understanding. Docs the Senator cxpect to
go on with this bill to-night?
Mr. MORUILL, of Maine. 1 hope to finish
it. I think it will not take a great while.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator is aware that
under the rule of the Senate the Calendar will
be in order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am not aware
of that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The appropria-
tion bill will come up at the evening session,
unless passed over. . If passed over, the Cal-
endar will then be in order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think we shall
have ho trouble about that, because I think the
bill will be finished soon.
Mr..CAMERON. I appeal to the Senator
from Maine to allow mo to make a motion to
go into executive session before we dispose of
this matter. I have some personal reasons for
that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That vail not
interfere with this.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to interfere now,
and I have a personal reason, and I appeal to
the forbearance of the Senator from Maine.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. TheSenate meets
to-night by the order of the Senate. I only
want to agree upon the time of taking thfe reoesg.
I have no objection, then, to accommodating
the Senator.
Mr. CAMERON. I shall agree to the mofaon
if the Senator will then allow me to.make my
motion without any interference,..
The VICE PRESIDENT. The qnest.ou is
on the motion of the Senator from Maine that
at half past four o'clock the Senate take a
recess until half past
The motion was agreed to.
