1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1377
gentleman is not right, but I do not have the
slightest recollection of having been on the
other side of this question.
Mr. POLAND. I did not appeal to the gen-
tleman's recollection: my own is sufficient.
[Laughter. ] My friend from Massachusetts has
Bhown how narrow is the jurisdiction of the
Court of Claims. I recollect my excellent
friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] told
us a year ago the Court of Claims had rendered
judgments in cotton cases, and from it the
House understood they were general judgments
on the Treasury, lor $3,000,000. Coming to
investigate it they were not judgments against
the Treasury at all.
As the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Butleh,] who stands with me on this subject,
has said, here is a fund provided out of the
sales of cotton seized. The proceeds of those
sales were to constitute a separate fund, and
the judgments rendered in these cotton cases
were to be charged up against that fund. The
amendment is for the purpose of changing the
act and taking those cotton cases out of the
original arrangement, and providing that there
shall be special legislation in each of these
cases before any man can draw his money out
of the Treasury of the United States, if he
gets a judgment from the Court of Claims.
The jurisdiction of the Court of Claims is
narrow. By the act passed in 1864 jurisdic-
tion was taken away from that court over
everything growing out of expenditures during
the war. It is only a special and limited class
of cases which can come before the courts at
all. Everything almost has to be settled
before the auditing officers of the Treasury,
or come here to Congress, or to go before the
Court of Claims. Enough is left, aside from
the jurisdiction of the Army; indeed we have
more private claims coming here at every ses-
sion, four times as many as our Committee of
Claims, with all the industry of that committee,
can examine into and dispose of. It is now
proposed that the whole jurisdiction of the
Court of Claims shall be. turned over to the
Committee of Claims.
[Here the hammer fell.}
message from the president.
The committee informally rose, and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message
in writing was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Porter, one of his
Secretaries.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
The committee then resumed its session.
Mr. PAINE. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. Chairman, it is said that by the enact-
ment of this proviso we shall incur the guilt
of a breach of the public faith plighted to
certain persons in the South. It is alleged
that certain people of the South delivered their
cotton to agents of the Government, and that
by the act of March 12,1863, this Government
made a promise to those persons who delivered
their cotton to the Government and to other
people in a like predicament, that this property
should be sold and the proceeds paid into the
Treasury of the United States, and that they
should have the power and right to bring suits
before the Court of Claims, and that if they
recover judgments they should obtain their
money out of the proceeds of that property;
and it is asserted that if we incorporate this
proviso in the bill before the committee, we
shall be guilty of a breach of faith plighted to
these men. Now, sir, I do not look at this
thing in that light. In the first place, I deny
that the act referred to made any provision for
such a case as this. What was the language
of the act ? It only applied to captured and
abandoned property. It authorized the Treas-
ury agents to seize "captured and abandoned
property," and to sell the same and put the
proceeds into the public Treasury. It never
authorized the agents of the Government to
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 87.
receive property from persons at their own
instance or request and take custody and charge
of it and dispose of it in the way prescribed.
As to the claims of pretended owners of
abandoned and captured property, how stands
this case ? Is it seriously claimed that by the
enactment of this law we pledged ourselves to
certain owners of captured or abandoned prop-
erty that this Court of Claims should always
be maintained in existence ? Did it pledge the
faith of the Government to them that it should
always be maintained as constituted by the law
in force at the time this act of March 12,18G3,
was passed ? Is it seriously claimed here that
we promised these unknown owners of cap-
tured or abandoned prooerty that precisely the
same forms of proceeding should always be
observed in that court? Is it seriously claimed ;
here that we solemnly and eternally bound our- j
selves by a promise to these unknown south- j
ern people to abrogate the provision of the !
Federal Constitution which forbids the pay- j
ment of money from the Federal Treasury with- ,
out an appropriation by law? Is it, I repeat, ;
seriously claimed that we bound ourselves to j
abrogate that provision ? No, sir; this cannot '
be true. We preserve the right, notwithstand-
ing that law, to repeal the act which created |
the Court of Claims. We reserve and possess i
the right to modify all of the provisions of ,
the statutes applicable to that court. We :
cannot, by any contract with people in the
South or elsewhere, whether the owners of
abandoned or captured property, or anybody
else, bind ourselves or any Department of this
Government either to abrogate the Federal Con-
stitution or to maintain the Court of Claims as
it is now constituted, or to maintain any Court
of Claims at all. This claim, then, goes too
far. My friend from Massachusetts [Mr. But-
ler] asks too much. He proves too much.
If we promised these people what he says we
promised them we have in a strange way
pledged ourselves to these southern strangers,
not only to preserve the Court of Claims in its
precise form and under its particular regula-
tions, but also to violate the Constitution
itself.
But, more than all that, I can see in this law
of March 12, 1863, nothing that looks like an
appropriation. This law, let me repeat it, pro-
vides that the proceeds of this captured and
abandoned property shall be paid into the
Treasury. They are there now, and how can
they be taken out? Why, the Constitution of
the United States answers that question. Only
by an appropriation; an appropriation made
by law. But it is said that we already have
an appropriation; that we have it in the act of
1863. I do not so understand that act. I will
read the provision:
"And any person claiming to have been the owner
of any such abandoned or captured property may
at any time within two years after the suppression o f
the rebellion prefer his claim to the proceeds thereof
in the Court of Claims; and on proof to the satisfac-
tion of said court of his ownership of said property,
of his right to the proceeds thereof, and that he has
never given any aid or comfort to the present rebel-
lion, to receive the residue of such proceeds after
the deduction of any purchase money which may
have been paid, together with tho expense of trans-
portation and sale of said property, and any other
lawful expenses attending the disposition thereof."
Now, sir, you have here a law on which to
predicate an appropriation bill, just as in each
one of a hundred other cases you make a pro-
vision by law which cannot be carried out with-
out an appropriation by Congress. So you
have done here; but behind all this and in
addition to all this there must be, in my judg-
ment, the ordinary appropriation by law under
the Constitution.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The amendment to the amendment was with-
drawn.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I renew it. My friend
from Vermont [Mr. Poland] in referring to
me, I suppose, stated that I had made in some
former session of Congress an effort to prevent
$3,000,000 being paid upon the decision of the
Court of Claims, and he informed us that that
judgment of the Court of Claims was not against
the Treasury; that it was designed not to take
anything out of the Treasury, but to take
$3,000,000 out of the cotton fund.
The other day we had a bill presented here
to cover into the Treasury $1,250,000 which
seems to be lying around loose in the Depart-
ment of the Secretary of State, and we have
no account of it in the Treasury. Now, the
gentleman from Vermont says that there is a
large cotton fund that is not in the Treasury
lying around loose and ready to be applied
to the judgments of the court. I see by the
papers that there is about half a million dollars
said to belong to a fund paid to the Govern-
ment as commutation for men who were drafted
into the Army, and that is said to be lying
around loose. I recollect, too, there was an
effort made here some time ago to seize another
fund, consisting of debts due to Union citizens
which had been confiscated by the confederacy.
These funds are lying all around in the dif-
ferent Departments. It has been my policy
and I have always given my vote to cover all
these into the Treasury and let them come
out by a vote of Congress for the payment of
any claims which ought to be paid.
Now, in addition to all these loose funds
that seem to be under the control of somebody
besides Congress, and somebody besides the
Treasurer and Secretary of the Treasury of
the United States, the gentleman from Vermont
wishes to create another fund. For what? To
pay a claim that has been established against
the United States by a committee of this
House or the Court of Claims? No, sir; but
to take $1,000,000—that, I believe, is the
amount—out of the Treasury by an appropria-
tion and put it off on one side as a kind of
fund, and advertise to the country that we have
set aside $1,000,000—or, as the committee
have reported, $100,000—for claimants to come
here and scramble for.
Mr. POLAND. Will the gentleman allow
me a question?
Mr. SCOFIELD. Certainly.
Mr. POLAND. If this proviso should not
be stricken out, as I propose, would not the
fund be set aside in precisely the same way ?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I do not understand the
question.
Mr. POLAND. I understood the gentle-
man to say that I propose to set aside $100,000
as a separate fund. Will not the fund be set
aside in the same way whether the proviso be
stricken out or not ?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I am glad the gentleman
has put that question to me, for I might have
forgotten it, and I wanted to answer that very
question. He proposes, as I have said, to set
aside a fund not to pay any claim that has
been preferred. There has been no claimant
about this House or about the court, so far as
we know, that the^entlemau wants to pay. He
is like the superstitious persons in old times;
when they had set up altars to every god they
knew, in order to make it perfectly certain
they set up an altar to an " unknown god."
And so with the gentleman; after he has looked
all round and found all the different funds that
the several claimants against the Government
are endeavoring-to get hold of, he thinks we
ought to have another fund that shall be taken
out of the Treasury and set aside for some
claimants that may possibly appearand estab-
lish claims before the Court of Claims.
The gentleman says that whether the pro-
viso be stricken out or remain in the appro-
priation is made in the same way._ The differ-
ence is that if the proviso beleit inthe_ appro-
priation will only go to pay small claimants.
The supposition of the committee, I presume,
was that there would be some small claims that
it would not be worth while to have reported
to this House, and they have fixed the limit
at $5,000. That authorizes the payment of the
