1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
special order the Chair desires to make a
statement in reference to the morning hour of
Monday, which it would be too late to make
atter the morning hour on that day had begun,
lhere has grown up during the last year or
two a custom of asking unanimous consent
when the States are called during the morning
hour to present bills out of order. This con-
sent is generally granted by the courtesy of the
House; but it is to the prejudice of members
who come afterward on the list of States that are
called forresolutions. The Chair desires togive
notice that hereafter during the morning hour
of Monday the order of business will be rigidly
enforced ; all the States will be called in their
order for bills and resolutions on leave ; and
any gentleman not present when his State is
called will have to wait for unanimous consent
until the expiration of the morning hour, when
the request for unanimous consent can be en-
tertained. No request for unanimous consent
will be entertained during that hour, it being
the interest of all the States to have the morn-
ing hour economized as much as possible.
Mr. NIBLACK. 1 beg to inquire, in this
connection, whether if all the States'should be
called for bills and resolutions before the morn-
ing hour expires it would not be then proper
to ask unanimous consent?
The SPEAKER. The rule of the House is
that when the States are called for bills and
resolutions on leave the call is not limited by
the morning hour. The States must be called
.through for bills and resolutions if it take the
entire day. The morning hour does not affect
it, and it is the fractional remainder of the hour
after that call has been gono through with
which is devoted to resolutions for adoption.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask for a vote
on my motion to go into committee.
The motion was agreed to.
NINTH CENSUS.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the.
Union, (Mr. Dawes in thechair,) and resumed
the consideration of House bill No. 424, to pro-
vide for taking the ninth census of the United
States, and to fix the number of the members
of the House of Representatives and to provide
for their future apportionment among the sev-
eral States.
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee
rose yesterday it had proceeded as far as the
seventh section, which will now be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted,hnt no enumer-
ator shall bo deemed qualified to enter upon the
discharge of his duties until he has received from
the district superintendent a certificate that ho has
been designated as such in accordance with tho
provisions of this act, and shall take and subscribe,
before any court of record or any justico of tho
peace, the following oath or affirmation, which ^liall
be indorsed on said certificate, to wit: "I, ,
enumerator of tho enumeration district, of 
district of tho State of , do solemnly swear (or
affirm) that I will make a true and exact enumera-
tion of all the inhabitants within tho said district
assigned to me, and will also faithfully collect tho
other statistical information theiein in the manner
provided for in the laws l'or taking tho ninth census,
and in conformity with all lawful instructions which
I may receive, and will make due and correct ro-
turns thereof, as required by law, and 1 will not dis-
close any information contained in the schedules,
lists, or statements obtained by me to any person or
persons except to my superior officers;" and said
certificate, with said oath or affirmation so indorsed
and duly authenticated, shall be forwarded to tho
district superintendent by the enumerator beforo
he enters upon his duties; and no person shall bo
employed as an enumerator who holds any office
under the Government of the United States, except
us hereinafter provided, and no enumerator shall
engage in any business as traveling agent, nor shall
lie collect any other statistics than those roquiied
by law.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to offer
an amendment to that section. In line five after
the word "shall" I move to insert the words
" in addition to the oath required by the Con-
stitution." We made a similar amendment in
two other sections. My attention was called
to the fact that the word used in that amend-
ment would have been better supplied by the
word " Constitution," which I use here. It is
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 5.
not the desire of the committee to impose the
" iron-clad oath" in all these cases, as it would
cause difficulty in procuring the work to be
done in all parts of the country. I therefore
put in the words "the oath required by the
Constitution" instead of that required by law.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I did not quite hear
the amendment; but I understand it is sim-
ilar to that made in the case of the super-
intendent, and I hope the same change will be
made in the amendments offered yesterday.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire, by
unanimous consent, to have the word " Con-
stitution" inserted instead of "law" in both
the amendments offered yesterday.
The question being put on Mr. Garfield's
amendment, it was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now ask unan-
imous consent to offer the verbal amendment
which I have indicated in the sections which
have been passed.
Mr. MAYNARD. I believe unanimouscon-
sent is never given in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I think the Chair made
his ruling yesterday on this point somewhat
hastily. It occurs to me that if the Chair will
think of it again he will give a different decision.
The CHAIRMAN. If the Chair understands
the rules, unanimous consent cannot be given
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SCOFIELD. No unanimous consent
which conflicts with the order the House gives
to the Committee of the Whole can be given
in the committee.
Tho CHAIRMAN. The Chair hears no
objection to the proposition of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.]
Mr. MAYNARD. There is objection. I
think it will bo better to let it stand.
Mr. TAFFIO. I move to amend the seventh
section by inserting after tho word "peace."
in the seventh lino, the words "whose official
character shall be duly certified under the seal
of the clerk of a court of record."
The question being taken on the proposed
amendment, it was agreed to.
Mr. CTJLLOM. I move to amend the sec-
tion by inserting after the word "enumerator,"
in tho twenty-second line, the words " to be
transmitted to the Superintendent of the Cen-
sus." The change is «. merely formal one.
Tho question being put on the proposed
amendment, it was agreed to.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to amend the sec-
tion as follows:
Strike out nil of the following words after "ho"
in the third lino as far as and including tho word
"and" in tho fifth lino, namely, "has received from
tho district (superintendent ftcertificato that he has
been dosiitnatcd as such in acoordanoo with the pro-
visions of this act, and;" insert after the word "shall"
in till' fifth line tho word "have," and strikeout tho
word "take" and insort tho word "taken."
I may explain that this part of the section
was not printed as written.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
will see that this requires that the oath shall
be subscribed or recorded on the back of his
certificate. Now he proposes to strike out the
provision for a certificate altogether.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman does not
quite understand my amendment. In the pre-
ceding section, in the eighth line, there is a
provision that before anything shall be done
tho district superintendent shall appoint an
enumerator. Then this section says that not-
withstanding he has been appointed and has
received his certificate he shall not be qualified
to perform the duties until he has taken an
oath. Well, now as the text stands it would
provide that notwithstanding he has received
his appointment he shall not be considered
qualified until he has got another appointment
and taken the oath upon that.
The question was taken on Mr. Scofield's
amendment, and it was disagreed to.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to strike out in
line thirteen the word "also," to strike out the
letter "s" in the word "laws" in the fourteenth
line, and to strike out "I" in line seventeen;
so that it will read :
Sec. 7. And be if further enacted, That no enumer-
ator shall b© deemed qualified to enter upon the dis-
charge of his duties until he has received from the
district superintendent a certificate that he has been
designated as such, in accordance with the provisions
of this act, and shall tako and subscribe, before any
court of record or any justice of the peace, the fol-
lowing oath or affirmation, which shall-be indorsed
on said certificate, towif: ," X. —; , enumerator
of the enumeration district of district of
the State of , do solemnly swear (or afBrm)that
i will make a true and exact enumeration of all tho
inhabitants within the- district assigned to me, and
will faithfully collect "the other statistical informa-
tion therein in the manner provided for in tho law
for taking tho ninth ccnsus and in conformity "with
all lawful instructions which I may roceive. and will
make duo and corrcct returns thereof as required by
law, and will not disclose any information contained
in the schedules, lists, or statements obtained by rao
to any person or persons, except to my superior
officers, &c.
Mr. HALDEMAN. I will merely say to my
colleague that there may be other laws passed
in reference to this census, and it was left in
the plural purposely.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to amend
the amendment by striking out the words "in
the laws," in the fourteenth line, and insert-
ing the words "by law;" so that it will read
"in the manner provided for bylaw;" and I
move to strike out also the words " for taking
the ninth census." I do not see the necessity
of repeating that he shall act in accordance
with the law for taking the ninth census.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that that is not a motion to perfect what the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield]
proposes to strike out. The gen tleman's amend-
ment will be in order after the pending amend-
ment shall have been disposed of.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope the gen-
tleman will move it afterward.
The question was taken on Mr. Scofield's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. PARNSWORTH. I now move to amend
by striking out the words "in the laws for
taking the ninth census" and inserting in lieu
thereof the words "by law."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to farther amend this section by striking out
the words "assuch" after the word "desig-
nated" and inserting in lieu thereof the words
"with the approval of the Superintendent of
the Census as an enumerator."
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That is right.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to further amend this
section by adding to it the words " or by in-
struction of the superintendent;" so that por-
tion of the section will read " nor shall he
collect any other statistics than those required
by law or by instruction of the superintend-
ent."
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to amend the
amendment by inserting after the word "enu-
merator," near the close of the section, the
words "during actual employment as sucji
so that portion of the section will read "and
no enumerator, during actual employment as
such, shall engage in any business as traveling
agent," &c.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I rise to a point of
order. Is there not one amendment already
pending?
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mine is an amendment
to the amendment: however, I will withdraw it.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I hope the amendment
proposed by the. gentleman from New York
[Mr. Davis] will not be adopted, for the reason
thatitleaves all the matter of taking the census,
except that which is expressly provided for by
law, to the caprice and whim of any superin-
tendent that may be appointed under this law.
It gives him authority to require his enumer-
ators to collect such statistics concerning all
matters that may seem to him important and
which are outside of the law or the specifica-
tion of the law. That would give a latitude
unwarranted and unwarrantable in the matter
