66
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
of taking the census. For that reason I ihink
the amendment should not be adopted.
Mr. JUDD. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last word, for the pur-
pose of saying that, without concurring at. all
in the reason given by my colleague, [Mr.
Ikgersoix,] it seems to me the amendment of
the gentleman from Nejv York [Mr. Davis] is
entire surplusage. The bill itself in other por-
tions provides directly for the superintendent
giving all proper instructions. This being so,
those instructions are under the law, and there
can be no necessity for incumbering the bill
with the words which the gentleman from New
York has suggested. The instructions which
may be given in pursuance of the provisions
of law will be just as legal as if they were
specially enacted in a section of this bill.
Mr. DAVIS. The bill as it now stands con-
tains an express inhibition upon the enumer-
ator against taking anything which is not ex-
pressly required by law. My amendment pro-
poses simply that he may take what is required
lay the Superintendent of the Census, not the
local superintendent, but the Superintendent
of the Census. What the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Jddd] has said with reference to the
provision for instructions is true; but it will
be found, in reference to the bill, that the gen-
eral superintendent has the power to give in-
structions beyond the strict letter of the law.
Therefore my amendment will bo proper.
The CHAIRMAN. No further debate is
in order on this amendment.
Mr. JUDD. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. PAINE. I renew the amendment. I
understood the object of the gentleman from
New York to be to give to the Superintendent
of the Census authority to add to the subjects of
inquiry prescribed by the bill, as the gentleman
•hasjuststated ; and it seems to me that because
itdoes propose to give such authority it ought
not to be adopted. Now, it is of the utmost
importance that the information to be obtained
by this census should be accurate. If it be not
accurate it will be absolutely worthless; and
we should not in an attempt to gather inform-
ation upon a multitude of subjects sacrifice
the probability of kaving the information accu-
rate, as accurate as the nature of the case will
admit.
Now, if we lay down in this bill a programme
which the enumerators and the district super-
intendents are required to carry out, making
the limits narrow enough, we shall have a
reasonable probability of such accuracy in our
census returns as shall make the census valuable
not only to us, but to the whole world. But if
we leave it to the discretion of the Superintend-
ent of the Census to say what the duties imposed
on the district superintendents and the enumer-
ators shall bo we have no certainty. We have no
guarantee that the census we arc about to pro-
vide for in this bill will be worth anything to this
country or the world beyond the guarantee of
the discretion and ability of the Superintendent
of the Census himself. Now, why cannot we
here, the members of this Congress, prescribe
the subjects on which information shall be ob-
tained? It seems to me that was the duty of this
Census Committee to tell us what it was proper
to inquire into in this great census of the United
States. They have undertaken to perform that
duty; they have undertaken to give us the result
of their labors; and if I have any fault to find
with the bill it is because its provisions are too
broad ; because it seems to me that in the multi-
plicity of inquiries which theoensus-takers have
to make the results maybe inaccurate, and their
labor may lose its value on that account.
I deein it therefore wholly improper and un-
wise that this House should increasa that
danger by giving the discretion to the super-
intendent to increase the number of subjects to
be inquired into. I am opposed, Mr. Chair-
man, to the amendment of the gentleman from
New York, and hope sincerely the House will
vote it down. I withdraw the amendment to
the.amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to strike out the
words in the second line, " be deemed qualified
to;" so that it will read, "that no enumer-
ator shall enter upon the discharge of his
duties," &c.
Mt. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not object
to the amendment:
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. In the fifth line, instead of
the words "'shall' take," I move to insert
" shall have taken and subscribed."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move, in the twenty-fifth
line, after the word "enumerator," to insert
" during actual employment as such."
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. 1 do not object
to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WOOD. I move to insert after the word
" agent," in line twenty-six, the words, " nor
attempt to influence the political or religious
opinions of any person he may visit in the dis-
charge of this duty."
Mr. Chairman, I would not have offered this
additional language but for the fact that the
section itself contains the principle that some
degree of restraint should'be placed over these
officers. It already provides that they shall
not be permitted to occupy any agency ; that
they shall not turn their position to advantage
by becoming traveling agents for any mercantile
or other establishment. This provision em-
bodies the principle which I desire to apply to
the exercise of any influence 011 the political
opinions of the persons whom theseofficers may
visit. I assume tiiat we do not want that the
taking of the census shall be taken advantage
of for any such purpose. I cannot believe that
a majority of this House wants to use these
enumerators as a great electioneering army for
the purpose of tampering with the opinions of
the people. So confident am I that the gen-
tlemen upon the other side of the House would
not take any special advantage of this large
addition to the patronage of their party that I
am sure they will consent to my amendment.
Because if they refuse to adopt this amendment
the reverse of the proposition will be accepted,
and that is that the enumerators are to exercise
their official positions for partisan and political
purposes. I believe it is a well-settled princi-
ple in the construction of law that where any
proposition is made and voted down in the body
that makes the laws it must be intended that that
particular thing should not be adopted, but
rather that the reverse was intended. I there-
fore hope that, in view of these considerations,
my friend from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] will sec
the propriety of restraining these men from
exercising influence for what I would conceive
to be a very base and improper purpose.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Wood] allow me to make a
suggestion, that he should add to his amendment
that no enumerator shall be allowed to be a
candidate for any office?
_ _ Mr. WOOD. I will accept the suggestion
if the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. May-
N'ard] will sustain my proposition. [Laughter.]
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not say I will do
that, but I think the gentleman's proposi-
tion would be perfected by the addition I have
suggested.
Mr. WOOD. I am satisfied with the amend-
ment as it is ; I offer it in good faith and hope
it will meet the approval of the committee.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I believe it was
a peculiarity of the old Roman jurisprudence
that it contained 110 special law against pari-
cide, and for this reason that it did not occur
to the law.-makers that any one would find it in
his heart to kill his father. Hitherto there has
been no law in the United States to prevent a
census-taker from talking religion or politics
as he thought proper; simply because such a
restriction on American liberty was not thought
to be necessary. I believe the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Wood] was liimseif in Con-
gress in 1860, when the provisions of the law
fortakingthe last census werediscussed, and he
did not then offer any such amendment as this.
Mr. WOOD. Let me correct the gentleman;
I was not a member of that Congress.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not sup-
pose anybody in the House feels that this is
necessary. I trust the amendment will not
prevail.
The queition was put on Mr. Wood's
amendment; and there were—ayes 40, noes78.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. JENCKES. I offer what I send to the
Clerk's desk to come in as a new section follow-
ing section seven, and to be numbered section
eight in case it shall be adopted.
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec.—. And beit further enacted. That each district
superintendent, being specially authorized thereto
by the Superintendent of the Census, may employ
in addition to or instead of the enumerators in any
district one or more persons as deputies to collect,
collate, arrange, and report the special statistical in-
formation called for by this act in relation to mines
and mining, manufacturing: and inecba-nical industry,
mercantile and trading establishments, and business,
fisheries, education, religion, charities, charitable,
sanitary, reformatory, and penal institutions, and
other commercial' and social statistics; and such spe-
cial deputies shall take the same oath as that required
of the district superintendents; and in districts wh ere
such special deputies are appointed the Superintend-
ent of the Census shall have power in his discretion
to relievo tho local enumerators from tlie duty of
collecting the whole or any portion of such special
statistics; and the assessors and collectors of internal
revenue in each district and their subordinates are
required hereby to exhibit all books and records aud
furnish all information in their possession to said
special deputies which may aid them and which they
, may require for the purpose of obtaining such special
1 statistics.
Mr, JENCKES. I have offered this amend-
ment for the purpose of effecting a result in
regard to statistics which I stated in part yes-
terday. This bill as it stands is, perhaps, as
perfect as it can be for the purpose of procur-
ing an enumeration of the people. But in
regard to procuring the statistics called for by
the bill and the schedules, it seems to me to
be quite defective. Thus, for instance, the
district assigned to each enumerator has defi-
nite boundaries: is bounded by roads, rivers,
public surveys; " and these enumeration dis-
tricts shall not include parts of two counties,
parishes, wards, or towns." They are there-
fore restricted to municipal divisions ia the sev-
eral cities, and also to the natural boundaries
within those divisions.
Now, jt is manifest that au enumerator,
armed with all the schedules that can be fur-
nished, cannot obtain in districts so organized
any reliable information and statistics concern-
ing fisheries, for instance. Nor can he in the
part of the country where I live obtain full
statistics in regard to any particular manu-
facture. in very many cases manufacturing
establishments owned by one person, one cor-
poration, or one firm are situated in different
towns, on opposite banks of the same stream
perhaps, or on different sides of the road,
which inay be a boundary of an enumeration
district. The statistical information which is
sought to be obtained cannot be procured
except by combining the reports of several
enumerators, each of which must be partial,
and all of which cannot give the information
which can be procured at the office or head-
quarters of the establishment, which may be
situated in the city or in some other town.
By the appointment of these special deputies
we sball in taking the census accomplish what
is now accomplished in the assessment of the
internal revenue by the assistant assessors,
who are assigned to assess specific taxes; to
ascertain the taxes upon legacies and sucees-
sionsj taxes upon special articles, and in the
taxes on manufactures and imports the tax on
particular manufactures. The men required
for this purpose must be of a higher intelli-
gence, have a larger experience, and special
information which is not required of all the
local enumerators. One or two, perhaps, can
take all the statistics upon a given subject within
