3266
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
try are connected with it, although they have
labored earnestly and long, they have not been
able to get capital to construct this road. The
Union Pacific and the Central Pacific were
granted pecuniary aid by the Government.
Sixty-four million dollars of bonds were loaned i
them to aid in their construction. This not;
only built their road, but worked disadvan-
tageous^ to the Northern Pacific. By the
discrimination made in favor of tho Central
route their better secured bonds crowded out
of the market all attempts of this road to secure
capital for construction. Within the last few
months, however, these arrangements have
been made. More men of capital have taken
hold of the enterprise, and the building of the
road is a fixed fact if this bill becomes a law.
This is no increase of land over that which
has already been given to this road. It only
gives them additional land for an additional
piece of road, which they now propose to con-
struct from Portland up to Puget sound. The
old grant is not increased one acre. A propo-
sition is made here that we shall attach to this
the $2 50 provision, requiring that the land
franted shall be held by the Secretary of the
nterior withholding the title from the com-
pany, and allowing it to be sold only to actual
settlers at the price just named. This company
has vested rights which cannot be interfered
with by any such provision. If attached it
would prevent the construction of this road.
Had such a condition been applied to the
Union and Central Pacific railroads they would
never have been built. There are roads in the
States where it may be desirable to attach each
a provision; but it has never before been
attempted upon any of these grand-trunk lines
across tbe continent.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Mr. Speaker, I would
very much like to know from the gentleman
from Minnesota why it is that tbe Northern
Pacific Railroad Company, by this new bill,
proposes to abandon their originally estab-
lished route direct to Puget Bound by diverg-
ing south to the Columbia river, then down
said river to near Portland, and from thence
north through Washington Territory to their
first contemplated terminus ?
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I will answer !
the gentleman. The old great provided for !
running across the mountain, and also for
building a branch to Portland. This company,
having no Government subsidy, is obliged to
be as economical as possible. It desired for
the present not to cut through the Cascade
mountains, but via the Columbia river to Port-
land, and thence to Puget sound, thus having
temporarily the advantage of navigation on
that mighty river to aid in construction.
But to return to the subject of this $2 50
clause, I say it never was the intention of the
Committee on tho Public Lands to attempt to
burden these great enterprises with such a con-
dition. On the contrary, the committee held
a meeting to discuss this very question, and
determined that it was not proper or prudent
to do so, and that we should recommend the
passage of the bill from the Speaker's table.
Thus it has received the sanction both of the
Pacific Railroad Committee and the Public
Lands Committee of this House.
Mr. HAWLEY. I did not distinctly hear
the gentleman. Does he say that this bill was
approved by a majority of the committee?
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I stated that
the Public Lands Committee had a meeting
and considered the bill on the table, and con-
cluded to recommend its passage.
Mr. HAWLEY. I believe the absent mem-
bers were opposed to it.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I think the
gentleman is mistaken.
But I desire to say a word specially to my
Democratic friends. A worthy member of our
political faith [Mr. Holm an] endeavored a
lew days since to commit the whole party to
opposition to land grants. That this is Demo-
cratic policy I deny. Tha system was initiated
by that great Democratic statesman, Stephen
A. Douglas, and gallant General Shields, who
led off with the Illinois Central grant, a policy
that did more than all other agencies combined
to produce the wonderful prosperity of that
State. Girt round as she was with water trans-
portation, yet her boundless interior prairie
would have lain fallow for many long years had
not this policy given impetus to internal im- |
provement and brought population to its rich
acres. . !
Thomas Jefferson thought the public lands ,
shquld be devoted to internal improvement. I
Benton gazed with confidence into the future, (
when tbe Federal Government should aid these i
great roads to the Pacific. Democratic Con- ;
gresses between 1850 and 18C0 made more
than forty land grants, and the system was
firmly ingrafted in their policy at the time they
were in the full tide of glorious success. They
were then the party of progress, and victory
was upon their banners. It was only when
pausing in our course, when becoming a nega-
tive instead of a positivo party, that we were
beaten. We cannot, succeed now by blocking
the wheels of enterprise and clogging the ad-
vancement of our country. I look to the great
West as the theater of success for our party
and its principles. But this will not be it^we
adopt principles antagonistic to internal im-
provement. We cannot carry a single State
carved out of these immense plains it we fight
their best interests. If we pursue a policy to
retain iu the wilderness what might be speedily
redeemed for civilization we cannot see the
moral or political distinction by which gentle-
men can vote millions for their harbors upon
the eastern shores and refuse to let these west-
ern lands improve themselves. It is not old
Democracy, and it will not be new Democracy.
What has been the history of this system?
South Wisconsin was settled under it; the mar-
velous development of Iowa is attributable to
it; Kansas would have been still an uninhab-
ited prairie without it. My own State strug-
gled for years in poverty, forming a thin line
of settlements along the navigable streams,
until the land-grant system gave it new birth
and brought teeming thousands to occupy as
rich land as the sun ever shone upon, bat
with all its richness valueless until its occu-
pants could have transportation to market.
Missouri, Arkansas, Mississippi, Alabama,
California, and Oregon are all participants in
this system and recipients of its great bleaa-
' >ng3.
| That there are evils also growing out of it
I admit. Some of these are inseparable from
; great improvements and others are the result
\ of improvident State legislation. They do not
argun against the system, but against its im-
■ proper exercise. But with all these evils, real
' or imaginary, there has never in the whole
! history of our Government been any bounty,
donation, or expenditure that has in propor-
tion been productive of such large returns. You
may consider it in the light of the interest of
the whole people of a nation, or of the par-
ticular section where applied, and the same
wonderful result appears.
Congress has granted to fourteen States fifty-
eight million acres, but of this only twenty-two
millions have been actually certified and re-
ceived, and with this alone we will deal.
No one conversant with lands would value
this at the time of the grant at over fifty cents
per acre. It would not be worth more now
without the improvement consequent upon this
system. Much of it had already been in mar-
ket twenty years, and was graduated as low as
twelve cents per acre. The value ot the dona-
tion was then but $11,000,000. There have
been built from tbe effect of this thirteen thou-
sand miles of railroad. Value this with equip-
ment at $40,000 per mile, which is below the
American average for construction alone, and
we have added to the country a wealth of
$520,000,000, giving employment to thousands
of men and.benefits incalculable in the inter-
change of commodity and growth of commerce.
It has opened an area of settlement under the
immediate influence of these lines of transport-
ation of two hundred and fifty million times,
to which, if there has been given an increase
of value of but two dollars an acre, as the result
of the railroad construction, we have five hun-
dred millions more added to the national wealth.
Thus far we can calculate; but there are
other greater benefits that in their magnitude
burst the bonds of figures. These thirteen
thousand miles of road have given a million
and a half of one hundred and sixty acre
homesteads, within easy reach of market, unci
homes for six million people, one half of
whom at least are foreign immigration that we
would not have had without this policy. But
consider the Government in the mere light of
a property owner, disconnected from its duty
to do all that will swell the nation's wealth and
expand its greatness, and how handsome a
profit would it have made by its grants as a
mere speculator. The land granted was worth
but $11,000,000. The retained even sections
would be worth but the same. And yet by tho
construction of these roads its average price
has been thereby raised to $2 50 per acre, or
an aggregate of $55,000,000, a handsome profit
of $44,000,000 above expenditures. These
have been borne out by the facts, for the Gov-
ernment has been enabled to sell these sec-
tions much mose readily at the double mini-
mum than at the $1 25 away from the roads.
It is the only plan of bounty to internal im-
provements that brings the donor an immediate
return that really costs nothing.
But, thanks to growing wisdom, the Govern-
ment no longer stands in the attitude of land
speculator. Its public domain is not held for
purposes of revenue, but offered freely for the
taking to the landless of the world. The paltry
amount derived from sale is lost in considera-
tion of the infinitely more important matter of
settlement, and free homesteads are draining
the Old World to people the New. Each new
inhabitant arrived at the age of maturity is
worth to the country more than a thousand
acre3 of land.
It is then the condition of these new set-
tlers, whether from our own surcharged cities
or from foreign lands, that should be consid-
ered. What course will bring the largest im-
migration, induce the largest development?
Will the homestead policy alone? It is appli'
cable to all our vast area, and yet where are
the settlements? Are they out upon the ocean-
like prairies, where the whistle of the locomo-
tive never disturbs the death-like stillness of
the plain? No; you find them closely hugging
these land-grant roads. Within the limits of
the grant only an eighty acre homestead can
be taken, while outside the privilege embraces
one hundred and Bixty acres. But who does
not know the eighty acre homesteads are
always taken first, showing that the settlers
themselves would give half their land for rail-
road communication?
There is another important aspect in which
this syBtem is beneficial to the country. _ This
is in the enlistment of foreign capital in our
enterprises. Of the $525,000,000 invested in
land-grant roads more than half has been pro-
cured directly from Europe. This has distri-
buted money in regions that would have been
sorely in need without it. It has gone into sub-
stantial improvements which cannot be taken
away from us. The interest we pay upon t he
loans is but a trifle compared with the resulting
benefits. We bind to us foreign nations through
the strong bond of interest. They would be
loth to take up arms against us, when war
must be so damaging to their investments.
The interest of capitalists reflects itself upon
the poorer people who immigrate. We get an
entr€e to their attention that w6 could not
otherwise have. Thus we keep up our streams
of immigration. Our land-grant roads are our
b.est immigration agencies. .
But I speak not in the interest of any rail-
