1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1379
proposition calculated to lighten the public
I will say, as criticism has been made on the
detail of these officers to do duty at the Exec-
utive Mansion, that during the administration
of Andrew Johnson there were four military
officers detailed by the President for the dis-
cbarge of these same duties, namely. Colonel
Moore, Colonel Morrow, Captain Rives, and j
Captain Long. Those military officers were
employed during the administration of Andrew j
Johnson in connection with the executive 1
department, and I do not think that the honor-
able gentleman from New York [Mr. Wood]
ever raised his voice during that administra- ;
tion against this usage. But as the employ- j
meat of these officers enables us to reduce the i
expenditures of the Government under this !
bead by many thousand dollars less than under
tbe last administration I hope no gentleman
will interpose any objection to the amendment
I have proposed.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HAYHAM. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. I am not, Mr. Chairman, one of those ■
who believe that the Executive of this Govern-
ment should be required to serve the country j
iu the responsible and arduous position he ;
occupies without adequate compensation; but
I believe there is an erroneous impression ex- j
isting among the people in reference to the j
amount of compensation the President actually j
receives. I believe there is an impression that
the salary of the President is entirely inad-
equate, and I believe that impression originates
in the fact that it is not understood how much
that officer receives in direct compensation to
himself and those subordinates particularly
under his care and direction.
The gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Wash-
burn] says there has been an effort to reduce
the amount of the executive expenses, the
amount of the President's expenses and clerk
hire, below what it was under the last Admin-
istration. By careful examination of this bill
and the appropriations to be made by it for the
salary which the military clerks of the Pres-
ident draw from the United States Treasury,
it will be found that the President of the United
States and these subordinates received this
year, as appears by this bill, $55,899 20. That
is in excess of what was received, according
to the statement of the gentlemau from Wis-
consin, by the last Administration. I am not
prepared to say that is more than ought to be
paid; I am not prepared to say that any of
these officers can necessarily and properly be
dispensed with by the President of the United
States. But I believe the country should know
that instead of receiving $25,000, as most of the
people believe, there is the sum of $55,899 20
paid to him for the expenses of the Executive
Mansion alone and his immediate clerks.
Now, Mr. Chairman, there is an amendment
which I propose to introduce, but I will not
introduce it now, and that is to restrict all the
clerks and employes of the President to the
compensation provided in the military or civil
service of the United States; that is, to the
compensation they would receive alone from
their position in the military or civil service.
I am not prepared to say any of these clerks
or officers receive any compensation in addi-
tion to what they receive from the United
States, but we have the fact appearing before
Q8 that two lieutenant colonels and one major
of the United States Army are military clerks
of the President of the United States, who are
in addition to the clerks and employes proposed
to be paid out of this bill. They receive their
pay from the military fund. They are not
named or known by looking over this appro-
priation bill as clerks or employes of the Presi-
dent of the United States. We have an item
"ere of from seven to nine thousand dollars
paid to these officers which does not go into
this appropriation bill, and which is not known
m the appropriation bill we are passing. I
hope there will be such a modification, or there
will be such explanation on the part of the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
[Mr. Dawes] as will show to the country that
the President of the United States is not lim-
ited to the salary of $25,000, but receives
$55,899 20.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LOGAN. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last two words. 1 am
in favor of leaving this as the committee
have reported it. 1 must say I am very much
astonished at the kind of argument which has
been used here by the gentleman from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Washburn.] If the President
of the United States does not want a private
secretary and an assistant private secretary,
which all Presidents have had heretofore, let
him say so and that ends it. If he can get
along without them and saves the salary for
some other good purpose, so much to his credit.
I am in favor of the President retaining the
clerks he has, or at least the same number
of clerks, if he needs their services. If he
does not want the particular individuals who
fill the offices let him get others. If the Pres-
ident wants to have Army officers in the exec-
utive department I have no objection to that,
so long as they are in other Departments ; but
it will not do to place it before the House as a
question of economy; for it is not, as I shall
demonstrate.
I do not desire to say anything against the
aids of General Sherman ; but I will say this:
that if the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Washburn] seeks to strike out the poor clerks
and put them out of the way for the benefit of
staff officers, I am not in favor of such a prop-
osition, but against it. The private secretary
gets $1,800 a year, and the assistant private
secretary the same; and it is proposed to sub-
stitute three colonels, drawing from three
thousand to thirty-five hundred dollars a year.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. The pri-
vate secretary gets $3,500, and the assistant
$2,500.
Mr. LOGAN. And you propose, instead
of this, to pay the clerks to the amount of
$4,000. Is not that the case?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I pro-
pose to advance the salary of each of the
executive clerks $500.
Mr. LOGAN. That is an increase of $1,000.
I have no objection to that if their services are
worth it. I say, if the President does not want
a private secretary and an assistant private
secretary, strike them off. But I object to his
having it stated that private secretaries made
of colonels of the Army are more economical
than to have civilians. If you want to secure
economy you will better accomplish that object
by cutting down the staff of General Sherman,
if it is unnecessarily large, and keeping civil-
ians as secretaries to the President, than by
putting General Sherman's staff officers in the
place of civilians. I have no objection to these
Army officers remaining where they are, but I
object to the gentleman from Wisconsin putting
this proposition on the ground of economy. It
is not economy. And 1 go further iu reference
to this. I do not think that it was ever contem-
plated that any but a civilian should be private
secretary to the President. I do not believe
the law ever contemplated any such thing.
The spirit of our law has been from time
immemorial that these clerks and private sec-
retaries should be civilians. But if it is now
proposed so to change the law as to strike the
civilians out and to detail men from the Army
to perform their duties, making a military
establishment in the White House, then I am
not for any such proposition. I do not care
whether this idea is to be carried out, in con-
nection with a President whom I support, or
a President whom anybody else supports. I
am opposed to it. The Constitution is opposed
to it. The laws never contemplated it. Th&
theory of our Government is against it.
For these reasons I am opposed to striking
out the salary of the private secretary and the
salary of the assistant private secretary in the
way that is now proposed. But if the Presi-
dent does not require the services of these
parties, let him say so, and save that much
to the Government by relieving them from
duty.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to ask the attention of the Chairman and of
the House to the question whether this is not
independent legislation. Upon that I raise
the point of order.
By the statute of July, 1866, the President
was authorized to appoint a private secretary
at an annual salary of $3,500, and also an
assistant private secretary. But that statute
was only designed to fix the amount of salary.
The President, ever since Washington's time,
has had a private secretary, who carried mes-
sages to both Houses of Congress. Washing-
ton's private secretary, by the way, always rode
to Congress in a gig or in a carriage with four
horses, and Washington himself always with
six horses when he went. We have changed
all that. But in 1854 Congress passed an act
which contained this provision :
"That it shall be lawful for the President of the
1 United States, by and with tbe advice and consent
of the Senate, to appoint a secretary with a salary
. of $1,500 i>er annum, whose duty it shall be, under
, the direction of the President, to sign with his name
and for him all patents for lands sold or granted
; under the authority of the United States."
I That duty has always been assigned to the
! private secretary, so that if you strike out the
provision for the private secretary you leave
nobody to sign land patents, and the President
will have to sign them with his own hand,
which is a burden which ought not to be im-
posed on him.
Now, I do not want to interfere in this mat-
ter any further than this: while I do not pro-
pose at present to interfere in any way with
the detail of military officers for these duties,
yet I think there should not be any legislation
which will in itself render necessary two more
Army officers than would be necessary without
it. I desired only to call the attention of the
House to the fact that if we take away these
two civilian secretaries their places will have
to be supplied by Army officers ; and I think
it is not in accordance with our Constitution
and laws that Army officers should be put upon
such duty, especially when one portion of the
duties of the secretary of the President is pre-
scribed by statute, and is to be performed by
an officer confirmed by the Senate.
Mr. LOGAN. I withdraw the amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I move
to amend the amendment by striking out the
last word, to enable me to call the attention of
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. But-
ler] to the fact that heretofore there has been an
appropriation for a private secretary and an
assistant private secretary, and another specific
appropriation for the compensation of a secre-
tary to sign patents for public lands. There is
no appropriation estimated for this year for
that secretary. There is simply an appropri-
ation asked for a private secretary and an assist-
ant private secretary, but none for a secretary
to sign patents for public lands. The Presi-
dent of the United States, in his anxiety to save
public money, knowing that there were many
officers of the Army who could perform other
duties as well as military duties, nas employed
such officers in connection with the executive
department. If this House do not desire to
save money they can say so. You will be doing
the President no favor in striking out this ap-
propriation. He is willing and desirous to sub-
mit to every personal sacrifice in order to lessen
the expenditures of tbe Government and the
burdens of the people. This amendment is not
proposed for the purpose of doing a favor to
the President, but a favor to the people of the
