1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5155
Quincy, Florida, June 9, 1870, from which I
read:
I desire you to notice the naturalization laws and
you will find they apply strictly to white persons.
We have some colored aliens amon§ us, and they are
prohibited from voting and exercising the rights of
a citizen, because they cannot even declare their
intention to become citizens of the United States as
the law now stands. By the request of many I take
pleasure in calling your attention to the fact, and
hope you will use all your influence to have the
word 'white' stricken out of the naturalization
law. If this is done we will bo able to make the
party stronger by adding at least two thousand to
the number. Write soon.
Very respectfully, A. C. LIGIITTOWN.
P. S. At Key West the majority of the Republicans
are colored aliens, and some have lived in this coun-
try for many years. Please see to this, and write to
me un the subject.
A. C. LIGIITTOWN.
1 have here another letter from Key West,
Florida, written as long ago as November 20,
1867, addressed to myself, which I will read;
I beg leave to recall your attention to the peti-
tion of Thomas Homer, a black alien, asking an alter-
ation of the naturalization laws so as to allow him
to be made a citizen, This petition was mailed to
you June 8, and you framed a bill which was referred
to the Judiciary Committee at the close of the sum-
mer session. I would be glad if you would call it
up at as curly a day as practicable. The recent
election discloses the fact that there are several others
in the same category. " ^ '' "• • '
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
SAMUEL WALKER.
Stale ]tcx>nhUo.(iii Executive Committee,
tfoutk Florida,
Here is a letter from San Francisco dated
March 7, 1870:
I desire to call 5'our attention to the naturaliza-
tion laws. I am a native of the West India inlands.
I have been in the United States since I was eleven
years of age; and while I have borne my share of
opyres&ion in the United States, I keenly feel that
an oclious discrimination in tho laws deprive me of
the privilege of becoming in law what I have always
been at heart, a loyal American citizen.
If the word ''white " cannot be stricken from the
law, I ask your assistance for an amendment to them
whereby natives of the "islands" may be enabled
to naturalise.
In this city there are about three hundred male
adults from tho " islands," enough, were they voters,
in conjunction with the native-born colored eitizons,
to give the Union Republican party the control in
the next election.
If there is no chancc for a general law, can I get a
special act for myself?
I have the honor to be, dear sir, respectfully, Are.,
EDWIN A.CLARKE,
510 Pine hired.
San Francisco, March 7,1870.
Such is testimony fro m San Francisco, which
is in California, as 1 understand, ilere is
another letter, dated Norfolk, Virginia, March
10, 1870, addressed to myself:
Nohfulk, Virginia, ftlmxhXQ, 1870.
Sir: You will no doubt be annoyed that 3 write
you so olten upon the same subject, but such is tlie
embarrassment of my portion in the community m
which I live alone constrains me. It. seenio strange
that 1 should be kept as a mark to be pointed at as
the only man in the southern States of this Republic
whu have no political rights, simply because many
men who have professed to be friends ot humanity
and justice choose to ignore my claims; not as to the
rebel, for they all have granted them what is denied
me. I am sony tto see so few like your honored self.
With all their professions for the causae of justice,
when called upon they do not hear, but all stand
with inimical feelings toward you for the honored
part you have always taken to protect justice and
humanity. lean see no apparent change hi my con-
dition cxcept that Congress will sbow the same spirit
toward me it has to the rebels in general. I see but
one right I have here is to pay whatever taxes they
think fit to impose. Allowiue-to mention that,accord-
ing to the suggestion in your last to me upon the
subject of my petition, I addressed a. letter to the
chaiwnan of the Judiciary Committee, a copy of
which will be found on the adjoining page; tearing
theie should be something in it to^ havo offended
him, as I have never heard from him. hurdly ex-
pected.
I am, very respectfully, yours. ^;L0UVESTE.
lion. Charles Sumner, Wuskinaton, I). C.
Such, sir, is tho personal testimony with
regard to the importance, I would say the ne-
cessity, of this measure. Here are Africans
ill our country shut out from rights which justly
belong to them, simply because Congress con-
tinues the word "white" in the naturalization
laws. These men are humble, but they are
none the less worthy of protection. Ay, sir,
it is your duty to protect them. Kven if few,
vou cannot afford to let them suffer wrong ;
but they are numerous; in Florida counted by
the hundred and even the thousand.
Strong as this measure is, as an act of justice,
whether to many or few, it has another title.
Its highest importance is found in its conform-
ity to the requirement of the Declaration of
Independence. Sir, this is the Fourth of July,
when our fathers together solemnly declared
as follows:
" We hold these truths to bo self-evident: that nil
men are created equal: that they are endowed by
their Creator with certain inalienable rights; that
among these rights are life, liberty, and the pursuit
of happiness."
Mr. STOCKTON. I desire to suggest to
the Senator that he read it through. 1 am in
the habit of hearing that instrument read every
Fourth of July, and as the gentleman has it in
his hand I should like to have the whole of it
read. Will he send it to the Clerk's desk and
have it read ?
Mr. SUMNER. I prefer to read only what
is precisely in point now :
"That to secure these rights Governments arc
instituted among men, deriving their just rowers
from the consent of the governed."
Now, sir, the great, the mighty words of
this clause are that these great, self-evident,
inalienable rights belong to "all men." Jt is
"all men," and not a race or color ^hat arc
placed under protection of the Declaration :
and such was the voice of our fathers on the
4th day of July, 177G. Sir, such was the bap-
tismal vow of this nation. According to this
vow all men are created equal and endowed
with inalienable rights. But the statutes of
the land asserfc'the contrary; they declaring
that only all white men are created equal.
Now, sir, what better thing can you do on
this anniversary than to expunge from the
statute that unworthy limitation which dis-
honors and defiles the original Declaration?
It. is in your power to make the day more than
ever sacred.
How can you hesitate? There are the words.
Does any one question the text? Will any one
move to amend the text? Will any one insist
that hereafter as these great words are read
on our great anniversary the word " white"
shall be inserted to qualify this sublime Declar-
ation ? No one will venture such a suggestion.
There they are ; there they will remain as long
as this Republic endures. Cut if you are not
ready to change the original text, you must
then change your statutes and bring them in
harmony with the text. The word "white"
wherever it occurs as a limitation of rights
must disappear. Only in this way can you be
consistent with the Declaration.
Senators undertake to disturb us in this judg-
ment by reminding us of the possibility of large
numbers swarming from China ; but the answer
to all this is very obvious and very simple. If
the Chinese come here they will come lor citi-
zenship or merely for labor. If they come for
citizenship, then in this desire do they give a
pledge of loyalty to our institutions, and where
is the peril in such vows? They are peaceful
and industrious; how can their citizenship be
the occasion of solicitude?
We are told that they are imperialists ; but
before they can be citizens they must renounce
imperialism. Wo are told that they are for-
eigners in heart; but. before they can take part
with us they must letiounee their foreign char-
| acrer. Therefoie do I say if they come for
citizenship there is 110 peril; while if they come
merely for labor, then is all this discussion and
all this anxiety superfluous.
Why introduce the topic into debate? Is
there a Senator on this floor who will say that
from anything done or said by Chinese at this
moment there is any reason to fear peril to
this Republic? Sir, the greatest peril to this
Republic is from disloyalty to its great ideas.
Only in this way can peril come. Let us sur-
render ourselves freely and fearlessly to the
principles originally declared. Such is the way
of safety. How grand, how beautiful, how sub-
lime is that road to travel! How mean, how
dark, how muddy is that other road which has
found counselors to-day! Listening to the
speech of the Senator from Nevada [Mr. Stew-
art] more than once, nay, thrice over deny-
ing the Declaration of Independence, I was
reminded of an incident in the Gospels. I have
the book from the desk of the Secretary and
now read the pertinent passage; itisin Matthew,
chapter twenty six :
" JSTow Peter sat without in the palace: and a dam-
sel came unto him, saying, ThoualsowastwilhJesus
ot Galilee.
"Jjuthe dollied before them all, sayiog, Iknownot
what thou sayent.
"And when he was gone out into the porch another
m<tid b.iw ljim, and said unto tliem that were there,
Tins fdlam was with Jesus of Nazareth.
"And again he denied with an oath, I do not know
the man.
"And after a while came unto him they that .stood
by, and said to Peter, Surely thou ako art one of
them; for thy speech bewrayeth thee.
"Ihen began lie tu curse and to swear, saying, I
know nottbemari. And immediately the cock ciaw.
"And Peter remembered the wold of Jesus, which
said unto him, lietorethe cock crow, thou shaft deny •
me thrice. And he went out, and wept bitterly."
Sir, thrice has a Senator on this floor denied
these great principles of the Declaration of
Independence. The time may come when he
will weep biltcrly.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President 
Mr. STE WART. Will the Senator give way
to me for one moment? [ want to replv to that.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Very well.
Mr. STE WAR P. Because I ain opposed to
pagan imperialists, Chinese who do not under-
stand the obligation of a Christian oath being
incorporated in the body politic, the Senator
from Ma ssocliu setts reads from a Christian book,
from the Bible, to prove that 1 have denied my
faith I He, desiring to place the destinies of
the country, as he certainly would those of the
Pacific coast, in the hands of pagan imperialists,
will say that my opposition to that policy "is
denying the faith. When he wants to place the
destinies of the country in their hands, when he
proposes to trust to their oaths as to whether they
renounce their old allegiance or not w hen they
cannot take a Christian oath, he has denied (lie
principles which lie professes ; he has denied
the Declaration of Independence when he
would place the guardianship of our institu-
tions in such hands and under the control of
such mercenary wretches as deal in coolies
who swear to labor for them. That is a denial
of the faith, lie that would trust our institu-
tions to such hands has verily denied the faith.
When I seek to preserve our institutions in
the hands of a Christian people; when I de-
sire to retain those institutions in the hands
of those who understand the obligations of an
oath when they renounce their allegiance to
foreign potentates and Powers and join their
lot with us ; when 1 refuse to let Koopmms
cluip and the Chinese meichants to import,
cooiies to be naturalized at their dicta'ion to
participate in preserving our free institutions
I have the Christian Uil.de read to me, find 1
am compared to him who would deny the, faith !
I say that any Christian gentleman, any Chris-
tian man who "ill trust our institutions to th?
hands of pagans-has denied the faith of his
fathers.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I beg the
attention of Senators while I submit some
considerations in favor of the amendment I
have proposed; and 1 hope that, while they
honor me with a hearing, they will not fail to
appreciate the magnitude of this question.
Two objections are made to the adoption of
the amendment, by the Senator fiorn Massa-
chusetts, founded the one upon the Declara-
tion of Independence and the other upon the
Constitution of the United States. Now, sir,
I ask the Senator, and I ask every candid man
in this bedv, does the Declaraiion of Independ-
ence mean that Chinese coolies, that tiie Bush-
men of south Africa, that, the Hottentots, the
Digger Indians, heathen, pagan, and cannibal,
shall have equal political rights nnderthis (lov-
ernmei.t with citizens of the United States?.
Sir, that is the absurd and foolish interpret-
