1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
an entire congressional district, thus relieving
the local enumerators of a great portion of the
duties which' they would otherwise have, ,en-
ablingthemto complete tlieenumeration within
a shorter time- and consequently at a less ex-
pense.
Besides, there are some branches of manu-
facture and certain branches of other business
included in these speciakatatistics and referred
to in the schedules concerning which the local
enumerator could obtain no information what-
ever. The penalty for refusing information
concerning a man's business is fixed by this
bill at thirty dollars, and there is hardly a small
manufacturer in the country who would not
prefer to pay this sum rather than give the
information contemplated in this bill. There
will be no difficulty in obtaining such informa-
tion from the large establishments, those that
think they are ahead of all others and who wish
to use the census as a means of advertising:
but from those who are starting business and
who are carrying on peculiar branches of busi-
ness it will be impossible to procure this inform-
ation.
I will state in this connection a fact which
occurred in taking the census of the small
State of Rhode Island in 1865. It was there
found that a great many manufacturing estab-
lishments were unwilling to state the business
in which they were engaged or its extent; and
the information obtained from them concern-
ing what they were doing was given upon the
express stipulation that their names should
not appear in the report. Under that agree-
ment the information was furnished freely.
But when the reports were collated it was
found that there were one hundred different
establishments in that State carrying on sep-
arate branches of business and owned by sin-
gle individuals. But under the stipulation thu
information which had been obtained could
only be given in tho report in the aggregate.
Now, if there were one hundred such estab-
lishments in the State of Rhode Island alono in
1865 there must now be some thousands of
such throughout the country. Many of those,
Mr. Chairman, are the germs of great future
industries, and it would be very desirable to
obtain full and accurate statistical information
concerning them in the census now to be taken.
But unless some special means be adopted to
obtain this information we shall entirely fail to
procure it. Those men will close their doors
to the census-takers; they will refuse to (ill up
l\is schedule, preferring to pay tho thirty dol-
lars' penalty when the Superintendent of tins
Census demands it. And so in regard to the
fisheries. How is the local enumerator to
obtain any knowledge of the oyster fisheries in
the Potomac river in our neighborhood? Ilis
district is bounded by the shore._ The person t
who dredges for oysters opposite his district ij in a month,
may not be a resident of it but of another por-
tion of the United States, and the person who
comes from another State may be unwilling to
reportwhatbusinesshehasbeenengaged in; it
may not be known to the local enumerator.
Take the fisheries along the coast. So long
as we paid bounties to fishermen then we had
at the custom-houses reliable statistics of the
cod and mackerel fisheries brought into the
United States, and on which bounty was
claimed. Those were sufficient for our pur-
pose. But we have not had any information
fishermen it was ascertained that in the com-
paratively small area of the waters of Narra-
ganset bay the fisheries amounted in every year
to $500,000. If they amounted to acertain sum
there we can estimate the great aggregate of the
entire coast as well as of the river and lake
fisheries.
With regard to the fresh fisheries the fish are
taken from the boats of the fishermen, and on
large boats carried to the great cities and sold.
Persons at the great cities will have to ascer-
tain what number are taken to the great cities
and sold, and then that can be followed up by
learning from whom they were obtained, and
then we can find from the local enumerators the
information that can be procured at the resi-
dences of the fishermen themselves. In this
way, by taking the returns of local enumer-
! ators, together with the returns of special depu-
ties, we may ascertain some approximation of
the actual state of the business; so also in
regard to commercial statistics.
A merchant may reside in New Jersey and
carry on business in New York. lie may sell
in his office in New York goods of the^ value
of millions of dollars in a year, lying in the
docks which may not be within an enumerator's
district; of course the enumerator whs finds
such in his district in New Jersey gets from him
tho information he can, but he knows nothing
of his business in -New York._ Tho local enu-
merator in New York who finds the man at
his place of business can get nothing from him,
because ho may refuse to answer on the ground
that he is a non-resident, and unless some one
is applied to who knows the nature of tho man's
business he can obtain no reliable statistics con-
corning him. I might refer to the manufac-
ture of prints and printed cloths, which is carried
on very extensively in the district where I reside.
There are persons in the ci>ty of Providence
who could tell in a few hours what the prod-
ucts of every mill and printing establishment
are, supplying information which it would take
enumerators an entire month to obtain from
tho opox-ators iu a reliable shape. If wo have
skilled persons employed we can got the in-
formation moro fully and correctly and less
expensively than in any other way.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time
has expired.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The amend-
ment offered by tho gentleman from Rhode
Island [Mr. JksckksJ is of very grave import-
ance. I desiro simply to state what appears
to me to be the effoct of it. Our bill provides
for a central office here, with a superintendent
at tho head of it, and a district superintendent
for euch congressional district., It provides
also that the district superintendent may em-
ploy enumerators through his whole district
bullicient in number to take the whole census
Tbe gentleman from Hhode Isl-
and thinks, and has proposed in his amend-
ment, that in addition to this last class of
oniployfis, the enumerators, the district super-
intendent should be authorized to employ ex-
perts—men, for instance, specially acquainted
with cotton-mills, being employed to report
on such establishments and to lake all the
statistics of cotton-mills within the district,
instead of the enumerator' being required to
do this in his particular portion of the district.
That is the idea of the amendment. If the
House approves of that thought the amendment
of tlie'number of fishing vessels sent off the ij of the gentleman from Rhode Island realizes
coast and engaged in catching and selling fresh j! it. That is the only thought, but it is a very
fish. None of the previous censuses provided
for the collection of such information; and
the present means for doing so are imperfect
unless we shall select specially persons ac-
quainted with this business who can ascertain
proximately accurate results.
Mr. Chairman, it is a new thing to insert m
the census schedules this one as to the fisher-
ies. Itwas done for the first time in this country
in taking the State census of Rhode Island m
1805 and by the employment of persons spe-
cially acquainted with these local fisheries and
great and very sweeping one, that is embodied
in the amendment. For many reasons I should
be glad to see it adopted. 1 have no doubt it
would increase the correctness of the whole
work so far as these industrial statistics are
concerned. But the House ought to take into
consideration also that it would very consid-
erably increase the number of persons em-
ployed, and might, and probably would to a
considerable extent, increase the expense. As
between the two plans the gentleman's is an
addition and not a change in the shape of
taking away. If the gentleman's plan shall be
adopted many additional persons will be put
into the work, and much additional expense
will be incurred.
It seems to me, Mr. Chairman, that the
result that the gentleman desires to reach may
be mainly attained by getting expert men as
far as we can to be enumerators. • If we can
get an expert for an enumerator he can, do tho
work, as well as the special expert that my
friend's amendment provides for.
I have thus stated the poiut involved in the
amendment, and I leave the question to the
committee. If this section be added to the bill
I have no doubt the efficiency of the working
of the bill will be increased; if it be not added
some expense may be saved which would not
otherwise be saved and some simplicity in the
bill will bo secured.
Mr. HALDBMAN. I move to strike out
the last line of the amendment of tho gentle-
man from Rhode Island. I am opposed to the
addition of any more machinery to this bill.
As I understand the harmony and system of
the proposed measure, while freely acknowl-
edging its deficiencies and that both schedules
and additional sections are wanting, 1 yet con-
ceive that tbe committee in amending the bill
should look to the system which is therein
undertaken to be carried out.
There is provided a Superintendent of tbe
Census, whose duties are. or should be, to take
some general statistics which you cannot possi-
bly obtain by means of district superintendents
or enumerators. He should obtain the statistics
of the coastwise trade, of tho sea, and of the
inland fisheries of such corporations as extend
over more than one State, such as railroads
and canals. You have then the district super-
intendents, whose duties under tho last section
of tho bill are to obtain statistics of penal, re-
formatory, charitable and other institutions
such as would not properly be obtained by the
local enumerators.
All matters, however, coming directly home
to the mass of the people are to bo obtained
by the local enumerators, of whom there will
be about ten thousand, I suppose. Under tho
last census forty-four hundred and seventeen
were employed in taking an enumeration of
thirty-one million people. Owing to the addi-
tional labor and scope of this bill, I judge that
ten thousand of these enumerators will be re-
quired. But to go backa moment; the district
superintendents must also obtain from the
courts, either the commissioners, the auditors,
or proper officers, returns in reference to the
local debt and local taxes, and the assessed
value of property.
Now, under these three subdivisions of labor,
that of the superintendent, the district super-
intendents, and the local enumerators. I know
of no statistics which cannot be obtained.
And, in my judgment, the addition of a section
or of schedules to the bill making it the duty
of either the superintendent, the district super-
intendent, or the enumerators to obtain this
information will be all that is required without
adding to tho machinery of this bill.
Mr. JENCKES. How can statistics con-
cerning fisheries be obtained under this bill as
it stands?
Mr. HALDEMAN. I have already stated
that I think it necessary to add some provis-
ions to this bill.
Mr. JENCltES. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] concedes that the employment
of these experts will add to the reliability of
the statistics specially called for by this bill;
but he informs the House that the employment
of them will increase the expense. Now, one
object I have in offering this amendment is to
diminish the expense. If these experts are
employed to obtain the statistics—one, for
instance, obtaining those of all the cotton-
mills in a district, another those of all the
woolen-mills, another those of all the manu-
factories of print-elotbs, another those of the
book-publishing establishments, another those
