1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3267
toad company, bat for the people interested m
their construction. I never owned a dollar ot
stock in any railroad, and in my professional :
life have been always opposed 10 them. But 1
I have been land poor, with my neighbors
around roe, and have seen my little all made
valuable in the general enhancement of prop
ertv consequent upon the development ot this
grstera. I know that inordinate and improper ,
grants have been made, and that corporations
are grasping and extortionate. But all this
pertaias to the manner of carryiug out this
policy, and does not militate against the policy
itself. A grant should be made of the least
quantity always that will insure the building
of the road, and, as a general thing, should
sot be made along navigable streams or lakes,
where the natural means of transportation will
insure settlement and in doe time bring rail- ,
roads without a grant. Every State should,
like Wisconsin and Kansas, retain by consti-
tutional provision full control of her railroad
charters, and when they attempt to oppress the
people lay upon them the heavy hand of legis-
lative intervention.
No one more than myself gazes into the
future with apprehension for the consequences
of the powerful combination of corporations
that is now taking place in our country. 1
fear the rale they will exercise over oar land.
I can see the oppression that this destruc- ,
tioa of healthy competition may bring upon ;
the people, bow their profits may be all ab- 1
sorbed by transportation. But this is not the
result of the land-grant system, nor will a
stoppage of the policy in any manner prevent
it, except you might adopt the absurd theory
that the building of all railroads should be
stopped. The roads of New York, Pennsyl-
vania, and other eastern States certainly exer-
cise as much undue influence in their respective
sections, as any road of the West aided with a
land subsidy.
Again, gentlemen say railroads will be built
ss fast as population demands it. That is so;
bot there is the rub. Popolation will not in
your or my lifetime demand it. They will
not go out upon the prairies except they have ■
railroad facilities or speedy prospects of some.
They must be enabled to get lumber for their
fences, and have an opportunity to exchange
their surplus grain for tbe necessaries they
cannot ruse. Oar foreign emigration would j
stay at borne without land rather than be set ;
down in a sea of it hundreds of miles from mar- |
ket. Admit that by gradual settlement it may j
in time all be taken, which is the wiser course, i
to await the slow gradation of lifetimes, or to I
leap within a decade to an accomplishment j
of development that would otherwise require
a century to achieve? It is a choice between
the ox-train and the locomotive; between
plodding uuder the dead weight of old fogy ism
or the swift gait of glorious progress. We
liave outstripped others in the great march of
nations, not merely by our free Government,
bat by new and advanced ideas of improve-
ment ; by casting aside the trammels of pre-
judice and grasping the future in the novelty
of our invention and the grand originality of
oar enterprise. Thus we have accomplished
in a hundred what required other nations a
thousand years. Shall we pause in this course ?
Shall we relinquish tbe ascendency we have
gained? Shall we clog the wheels of our mag-
nificent promise, aad leave posterity, far down
the lapse of time, to realize what our own eyes
®ightsee and our ears hear 7 Yield to the
theory of thus opposing grants, and the my- .
iriads of acres that go rolling bleak aud deso- I
late from tbe Missouri to the Pacific will
remain through the lives of your grandchil-
dren the pasture-ground of the buffalo and
. e hunting park of the savage. But go on
"i the good course from which the nation has
reaped such rich rewards, and many within the
sound of my voice will see those vast plains,
teeming with population, villages, and cities.
vocal with tbe busy bum of industry, the
whitened farm-house, the school house and
church, dotting the whole landscape, and
everywhere the broad fields laden with yel-
low grain. Providence helps those who help
themselves. Let us not abandon the wise
means that have thus far given us so much ,
prosperity.
Time will i
not permit entering into the pecu-
liar merits of this Northern Pacific line. The
great lakes stretch almost half way across the
continent on tbe east, Puget sound comes in
from the west, and it seems as if the finger of
Providence had marked this as the great path- i
way of nations. It passes through the great '
wheat belt, to which we must look for our sup-
ply of this article as the capacity to raise it
dies out elsewhere. It will compel to civiliza-
tion the numerous savages who now murder
and rob the frontiersmen and retreat beyond
reach to the vast region which this road pro-
poses to traverse. It is a part of the system
of the Northern, Central, aud Southern routes
by which we must bind our country together,
and conquer the wilderness that has parted the
Atlantic from the Pacific.
Let gentlemen reflect upon the magnitude
of this undertaking, upon its national benefit.
Let them rise above this spirit of opposition
to everything that may help another more than j
themselves. Let all parts of the country join
in developing the national domain. The growth
of the West must enrich the East. It will join
in bearing the national burdens and make
lighter the yoke of all. Pass the bill and you
will be doing a good work; for you will have
made a giant stride in the road of your coun-
try's greatness.
Mr. WHEELER. I now yield five minutes
to my colleague, [Mr. Wood.]
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, I am opposed
to this bill. I am opposed to it for very many
reasons, many more than I could possibly state
or discuss within the five minutes allowed me
by my colleague. I shall endeavor, however,
to state briefly the grounds of my opposition.
And 1 shall commence by referring to the clos-
ing remarks of the gentleman from Minnesota,
[Mr. Wilson,] to the effect that it was the
Democratic party which originally initiated this
policy. I will make no issue with the gentle-
man upon that qaestion. I do not care who
Initiated the policy of donating the public lands.
I am opposed to it as wrong in principle, as an
outrage upon the tax-payers of this country,
and as in violation of our plighted faith to our
constitQents who sent us here to legislate for
the protection of the public property and for
the liquidation of the public debt, and not to
donate the public property to private corpor-
ations for private and selfish, and not for pub-
lic purposes. This road has already received
forty-five million acres of the public lands, and
this bill proposes to give them two and a quar-
ter million acres more.
There is a feature of the bill which to me
has the appearance of a combination of the
protective tariff interests on behalf of this bill.
The chairman of tbe Committee on the Pacific
Railroad also presides over the Committee of
the Whole, and by his ruling endeavored to
force, and did force through the Committee of
the Whole, the high protective tariff upon steel
and iron rails. Now, this bill provides that
no other but steel and iron rails of American
manufacture shall be used upon this road. The
result is that be brings to his aid the whole
Pennsylvania protective interest for the pur-
pose of securing the passage of this bill. Now,
sir, I am opposed to this principle of legisla-
tion. We want these public lands for the pub-
lic Treasury. We want them for the actual
occupation and actual settlement by tbe hard-
fisted yeomanry and working men of the coun-
try. We do not want them to be made the
basis in Europe of railroad speculations or
speculations of any character whatever. It
is upon these grounds and many others which
I could ennmerate if I had time that I am op-
posed to this bill, and I hope the House will
not pass it.
mkssage from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlt.v,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had agreed to the report of the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the amendments of the Senate to
the bill (H. II. No. 1084) relating totheWabh-
ington Market Company.
northern pacific railroad. v
Mr. WHEELER. I now yield five minutes to
the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Conger.]
Mr. CONGER. Mr. Speaker, I wish to call
the attention of the House to the position of
this grant and to the extent of territory which
isto be benefited byitbefore they vote. In this
whole portion of territory west of the head of
Lake Superior, where this grant applies, there
is not a single railroad, or part of a railroad,
in a distance of five hundred miles wide and
about eighteen hundred miles long, and almost
that entire country is to-day almost as unknown
to the people of these United States, except
along some of its rivers, as is the interior of
Africa ; whether it be good land or poor land,
or what its advantages are, is unknown to the
people of this Union.
Any one who will look upon the map will see
that between the Union Pacific railroad and
our northern boundary line there is an extent
of territory over five hundred miles in width
and eighteen hundred miles in length, which
is almost entirely unsettled and almost entirely
unknown, in which the Government of the
United States has to-day almost entire control
of the soil of nine hundred thousand square
miles of land. I speak by the book. There are
nine hundred thousand square miles of land
that this Government owns to-day, amounting
to five hundred and seventy-six million acres.
There are no land offices there. There are no
roads within the greater portion of this terri-
tory. There are no settlers there.
There are five hundred and seventy-six mil-
lion acres of land belonging to the great
landed proprietor, the United States, perfectly
inaccessible to immigration, perfectly inacces-
sible to settlement, and the amount that is to
be granted to this railroad, large as it is, im-
mense as it may seem to the minds of a great
' many men here, if it were marked on the map
on this extent of territory, five hundred miles
wide and eighteen hundred miles long, would
be scarcely perceptible. This projected road
foes through many Territories. It crosses the
eads of many rivers. It goes through the great
wheat district of the world. I say to gentle-
men upon this floor to-day that it passes
through a region of country which shall yet
be the granary of the world, besides which the
Genesee valley and Ohio and Illinois and
Iowa, with their immense wheat-fields, shall
sink into insignificance. It has the climate,
it is in the range, it has the soil for producing
cereals to a greater extent than any territory
of the same extent in the known world.
Let me say further that there is now no mode
of communication to the British North Amer-
ican possessions north of the great lakes.
England has striven for years to find a passage
north of Lake Superior to its Red river set-
tlements and the British possessions on the
Pacific, and has failed. It has spent thousands
and hundreds of thousands of dollars to find
a communication north of the lakes, and it
has failed. The building of this road will not
only open that immense territory of our own,
but it will be the natural and only outlet for
all British North America west of Lake Supe-
rior. It will be the best means of promoting
annexation that could be devised.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WHEELER. I now yield five minutes
to the gentleman from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Ela.]
