1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4211
to relieve themselves from the dilemma in
which they are for the want of means to meet
just and proper claims; claims that are just
as equitable, just as proper, as well founded
as the indebtedness which the Senator incurs
when he buys his coat, or when Jie pays for his
house, or when he incurs an indebtedness for
any other cause. These parties furnished to
these agents this hardware, this flour, or what-
ever it may have been, and the vouchers no
doubt exist in the hands of the persons who
furnished these articles, and I do not know
why this thing should be allowed to run along.
We see the first occurred in 1860; we are now
in the year 1870, and how much longer must
this indebtedness be continued ? I say that itis
high time it was met. The money will be used
fairly and honestly, and not a cent beyond the
amount due upon the vouchers to the several
individuals will be paid, and why should we
hesitate to pay it? I cannot see any good
reason why it should not go upon the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If my honor-
able friend were in the other day he would have
noticed that this class of claims was before
the Senate, and one of the items specified here
was ruled out of order as being a private claim.
I do not see that there is any distinction be-
tween that item and the whole bulk of items.
They strike me as being private claims clearly.
The one that was presented the other day and
ruled out was "A. D. Hotaling, Round valley,
rent of farm $1,601 66." Next will be seen
"George L. Hoffman,Tule river Indian farm,"
and so on. These are accounts purporting to
be run up with various private parties by Indian
agents and Indian superintendents.
I suppose it will not be contended that it
was within the province of an Indian agent or
a superintendent of Indian affairs to make con-
tracts and run up indebtedness against the
Government beyond the amount appropriated.
It will be seen that the whole bulk of this, run-
ning over a long series of years, is lor a variety
of articles: "groceries," "wheat," "corn,"
"board," "rent of a farm," "rent of a fish-
ery," "merchandise," "merchandise," "mer-
chandise," "board," "stabling," "lighter-
age," •' board," " stabling," " lumber,'
"horses, &c.," "board, &c.," "services ap-
piaiser," "merchandise," " hay,'^ "hay,
wheat, &c.," "oats, peas, and wheal," "wheat,
corn, &c.," running over a series of years fi otn
1860 to 1867. It would be a very strange policy
to establish that these Indian agents in Call-
fornia could open accounts with private parties
and run the Government in debt.
At any rate I am not now arguing against
the justice of the claims. I simply say that
they are clearly as presented private claims,
and very likely ought to be paid ; but they
ought not to go on this bill. _ _ _
Sir. EDMUNDS. It is no injustice to these
claimants to require them to go to the Com-
mittee on Claims like other claimants. Ik
Committee on Claims can investigate these
matters in a short time and in a reasonable
time whenever the matter is presented, and
report a bill. They are reporting bills every
dav. The objection is, and the point that these
rules were intended to reach is that by way of
amendments to the general appropriation bills
private subjects of this character, no matter
how numerous, (and the more numerous the
worse for legislation,) should not be provided
for; and the rule carefully says, the object
of which is to provide for a private claim, not
" to claim and pay," but to make provision for
! debt in behalf of individuals against the Gov-
1 eminent which they set up. J.here is no help
for it, and I do not make the point in any spirit
- of hostility to these claims.
Mr. COLE. I am well aware ot that, Dut
< allow' me one word further. It is Pr0E?ied to
I turn over these one hundred and fifty
' persons—I should like my friend to look to
' ^Mr^EDMUNDS. One single bill from the
: Committee on Claims may provide for them
all. It is not necessary to have a separate bill
for each.
Mr. COLE. I think my friend from Ver-
mont rather misapprehends the object of my
presenting these several claims her-e. I pre-
sent an amendment that the Interior Depart-
ment may pay off the indebtedness that accrued
during those years. I presented a pamphlet
here, an executive document, for the purpose
of convincing my honorable friend that this
was a bona fide application for the purpose of
meeting certain obligations of that Depart-
ment. I will withdraw that document, andlet
this be an amendment upon its naked merits,
which is simply to pay off an indebtedness that
has accrued. It does not say to whom, or
whether to a private individual or not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That will not do. I will
not make the distinct poiut now, butwill when
my friend is through, that the object of this
amendment is to provide for a private claim.
ThePRESIDlNG OFFICER.^ If the point
is made, it becomes the duty of the Chair to
decide it without further debate. The point
of order cannot be debated.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did not intend to in-
terrupt my friend and prevent his finishing
his explanation. I withdraw the point for the
moment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.. The point
of order is withdrawn.
Mr. COLE. I will state to my friend from
Maine how this indebtedness accrued in all
probability. There is in California a superin-
tendent. and under him some three or four
agents, located in distant portions of the State,
perhaps four or five hundred miles from the
central superintendency. The agents incur
indebtedness and make requisition upon the
superintendent, and he upou the Department
to meet this indebtedness, and it has some-
times occurred that the agents have overstepped
the amount of the appropriation, not knowing
how much was apportioned to his particular
agency. He could not tell that; but, when
these requisitions came in from the different
agencies the superintendent found that they
exceeded the amount of the appropriation,
which in the outset was exceedingly meager.
That is the way they accrued ; and though
they had no right to exceed the appropriation,
yet the deficiency occurred in this way, for the
want of easy communication between the super-
intendency and these distant agencies, and the
power that was necessarily given to the agents
to incur indebtedness, relying upon their requi-
sitions being honored.
This is the explanation I make in reply to
the chairman of the committee, who raised the
question as to the right and power of the au-
thorities there to incur this indebtedness.
Now, I think it is not a violation of the rule
in any proper sense of the term. Other amend-
ments have been placed upon the bill intended
to meet obligations of the Department evi-
dently to individuals. When you make an
appropriation for the Quakers, as you have
made appropriations for them in large amounts,
it is to piiy off or meet certain obligations, to
supply the means of doing so at least; a.nd all
these appropriations go directly or indirectly
into the hands of some persons for supplies
furnished or to be furnished. It is utterly im-
possible, therefore, by any reasoning to sepa-
rate those appropriations which are intended,
if you please, to meet private obligations and
those which are of a puhlic nature. It is
difficult, indeed, to discriminate between them;
I cannot. The amendment looks to no par-
ticular persons, but is to enable the Depart-
ment to meet obligations with which they are
constantly annoyed, and which they have turned
over to Congress to pay.
Now, one word in regard to the proposition to
refer to the Committee on Claims. I find_there
were incurred under one superintendent eighty-
nine claims, running from one and two hundred
dollars down to $13 80, another fourteen dol-
lars, another $13 25. another $14 25, another
$15 60. I ask myfi-iend- from Vermont if he
would, turn over each; of these claimants to the
Committee on Claims to prove up his claim
separately, knowing, as he, does, the exceeding
difficulty of getting through the Committee- on
Claims and through Congress the most just
claims against the Government? . >
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not know anything
of that kind. Now, I ask the Chair to rule on
the point of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If it becomes
the duty of the Chair to rule on this question,
he will state that a private claim cannot be
received to an appropriation bill because it
has been estimated for or recommended by the
head of a Department, nor can a private claim
be received because it is recommended by a
committee or by all the committees. A pri-
vate claim can ouly be received upon an appro-
priation bill where it is to carry out the pro-
visions of an existing law or treaty stipulation.
The Chair thinks that this amendment cannot
be received.
Mr. ROSS. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs to offer the following
amendment, to come in at the-end of the first
section of the bill:
The Soorotaryof the Interior is hereby authorized
to p.iy to Antoinette Darling, or her legal represent-
atives, the sum of 8518 ii4, being the unexpended bal-
ance of the sum appropriated for the payment of
Sioux Indian depredations in Minnesota in l§t>2and
ISO:), the same to bo in full of all claims of the said
Antoinette Darling for said depredations.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Has there not
been another claim of the Darling family put
on this bill?
Mr. ROSS. Not that I know of. This is
the only Darling claim that I am aware of.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to inquire of
the Senator from Kansas who the party is that
is provided for in this amendment? Where
does she reside?
Mr. ROSS. 1 understand the party to reside
in Minnesota at the present time.
Mr. RAMSEY. 1 am content.
Mr. DiiAICE. Is not this a private claim?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is not informed in regard to the matter of fact
whether it is to carry out an existing law.
Mr. ROSS. This is an amendment to de-
vote to the payment of this claim the residue
of the amount appropriated for the payment
of the Sioux depredation claims several years
ago. This 5518 is the last that is left of that
appropriation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will inquire, does this increase the appropria-
tion ? .
Mr. ROSS. No, sir ; the money is already
in the Treasury for the payment of this class
of claims. The amendment does not increase
the appropriation; it does not take money out
of the Treasury that is there for any other
purpose whatever, or for any purpose. This
money lies in the Treasury for this explicit
class of claims, and was appropriated years
ago. In that sense it is no increase of the
appropriation.
Mr. COLE. I understand it to be a private
claim for one Darling. My amendment did
not allude to any individual; but it was to en-
able the Department to pay off certain indebt-
edness.
Mr. RAMSEY. But there is a law making
provision for this. -
Mr. COLE. I think the objection lies much
more forcibly to this amendment than it did
against my amendment.
Mr. ROSS. The Senator will permit me to
inform him that this amendment is in pursu-
ance of an existing law under which this claim
arose.
Mr! HARLAN. This is one of the eases
that occurred under the law passed provi ing
for the settlement of the claims of par ties w.ho
were depredated upon by the Sionxlndians m
Minnesota. There were appropriations made
from the Indians' own funds, a™«ntl S
some $1,300,000, out of which to pay these
