1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
366
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Commercial Intercourse—Mr. Lawrence.
Ho. 03? Reps.
sure to examine his balance-sheet before he
does it. He will examine his resources. He
will consider his liabilities. lie will foot up
his bank-book and count over his money. Now,
how does our account stand? We aremformed
by the Secretary of the Treasury that our bonded
debt amounts to about $2,500,000,000. Have
you, sir, any conception of the magnitude of
that sum ? Has any gentleman here ? I make
no imputation upon your intellect when I say
you do not. Try if you can realize it unit by
unit. Can you do it? Sir, it is not within the
power of the human intellect. The brain reels
beneath the immensity of the conception. You
had as well undertake to number the seconds
on the dial of eternity.
There is one way, however, and only one
way by which the human intellect can ap-
proach a realization of the magnitude of this
sum; and that is by comparison. Each green-
back dollar bill is about seven inches in length.
Now, place two thousand five hundred millions
of them ia a line, and you will find it will be
over two hundred and fifty thousand miles
long! Geographers tell us it is twenty-five
thousand miles around the earth. Our public
debt would therefore make a band of green-
back dollars that could encircle this globe more
than ten times. It is said to be two hund red and
forty thousand miles from the earth to the moon.
If this is so, our debt would make a rope of
greenback dollars long enough to cable the
moon to the earth, and have over ten thousand
milestosag! [Laughter.] Now, this House has
repeatedly declared that this debt, principal
and interest, shall be paid, and to meet the
annually accruing interest upon it the people
all over the country are taxed in every con-
ceivable way that the ingenuity of Congress
can suggest.
But, sir, this is not all, nor half. I have
been speaking of only so much of our debt
as we have given our notes for. Besides
this we owe, at the very lowest calculation,
§8,000,000,000; not to the bloated bondholder,
of whom we have heard so much ; not to the
millionaire who dwells in marble halls; but to
a class of our people to whom of all others we
are under the most sacred obligation to pay.
We owe it to the poor hard-working farmer in
the country, the widow, the orphan, whose
horses and cattle and sheep and hogs and
corn and wheat, and everything else, were
taken from them to sustain your armies in the
field. Their just and honest claims are filed
by the thousand in this House and in the De-
partments at the other end of the_ avenue.
Tear after year have they been standing, wait-
ing, imploring simple justice from a Govern-
ment that owes them protection—a Govern-
ment in whose coronet the brightest jewel
should be a faithful compliance with the guar-
antee in its bill of rights, "that private prop-
erty shall not be taken fo.r public use without
just compensation."
I say we owe these poor claimants, whose
demands have been spurned and neglected by
the Government from year to year, to our ever-
lasting shame, and we owe them justly. Their
property was taken from them under an express
or implied contract that they should be paid a
just compensation for it, or they were ruthlessly
robbed of it. Now, sir, pay your bondholder,
if you please ; pay him every cent, if you will,
principal and interest: but, in the name of jus-
tice and right and manhood, pay these poor
claimants also. When you shall have paid
them all, like just and honest men, then you
may talk of giving away the public money
for objects such as are contemplated in this
bill.
Itmaybe possible, sir, that there are gentle-
men who may look at this proposition to give
away §180,000 of ihepeople's money as a mat-
ter of too much insignificance to engage their
attention at all. I know there are some intel-
lects so constituted by nature that they can
o nlygrapple with tho se gigantic questions which
from their magnitude attract attention from the
remotest parts of the country; intellects which
stand like the colossus upon the highest pin-
nacles of political science, and look away into
the horizon of futurity with such a wonderful
clearness of vision that they can tell within a
few cents what will be the exact liabilities and
resources of the country fifty years hence, and
who are so much engrossed with the prospect
that they cannot see the little extravagancies
of the presenthour. If there are any such here,
of course my argument is not intended for
them. It is intended for plain, practical men
like myself, and to them I repeat, " Pay the
thousands of millions of dollars you justly
and honestly owe to the poor, laboring, tax-
paying claimants all over the country." Pay
the hundreds of thousands of dollars that you
owe to my constituents, and then I will talk
with you about giving away the public money in
projects-like this. As for myself, I trust I am
as much disposed to be liberal as any gentle-
man on this floor, but I cannot allow my en-
thusiasm to get the better of my judgment. A
sense of duty impels me to be just before I am
generous; and I can never get my consent to
countenance the appropriation of a solitary
dollar of the funds intrusted to me for certain
specific purposes to any object not contemplated
by those who sent me here. Discharge your
obligations to the people who sent you here,
faithfully and fairly ; redeem the public faith,
about which so much has been said, by paying
those you justly owe, and then you may give
away as much as you please, provided you
violate no trust in doing so. In any event, it
is far safer for us to give away our own money
than that intrusted to us by a generous and
confiding constituency.
Commercial Intercourse.
SPEECH OF HON. W. LAWRENCE,
of ohio,
Ix the House op Representatives,
May 23, 1870,
On the bill (II. R. No. 2072) to secure to citizens of the
United States the navigation of the St. Lawrence
and in relation to commercial intercourse with
Canada and the British American provinces.
Mr. Lawkexce introduced the following bill:
Be it enacted, &c., That the President of the Uni-
ted States shall be and is authorized to enter into a
convention with the proper authorities, providing
that coal, fish, salt, timber, and lumberof all kinds,
round, hewed, and sawed, unmanufactured in whole
or in part, tho growth and produce of the United
States or of the Dominion of Canada, New Bruns-
wick, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, and Prince Ed-
ward Island, shall be admitted into each country,
respectively, free of duty for ten years and until
otherwise determined by act of Contrress. on tho con-
ditions that said Dominion or said British provinces
shall iirst make provision for the speedy enlargement
of the Welland and othercanals andloeks connected
with the navigation of the northern lakes and the
river St. Lawrence, so as to admit the passage of sea-
going vessels of twelve hundred tons burden; and
that the free navigation and use thereof shall be eon-
ceded to all the citizens of tho United States; and
that there shall also be conceded to the citizens of >
the United States the right to take and cure lish as !
amply as the same was secured by the reciprocity
treaty with Great Britain, proclaimed June o, 1854. j
Mr. LAWRENCE. The measure now sub-
mitted is one especially involving the interests ;
of the States bordering on and tributary to the ;
great lakes, and to some extent those of the ,
whole country. I do not propose to enter into 1
a discussion of the general policy of free trade j
or of a tariff, because with the increased reve-
nues rendered necessary by the rebellion abso-
lute free trade is utterly impracticable. We
must raise revenues by a tariff, or increase in-
ternal revenues and levy taxes for the national
Government on lands, neither of which the
people can endure. But in regulating trade on
this Continent, as well as with the nations of
Europe and Asia, we should not overlook the
great interests of the producing and laboring
portion of our citizens. It is in their interest
that I have submitted this measure.
OEAIX-PRODDCING STATES.
The great grain-producing States of the cen-
tral West are Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Michi-
gan, Wisconsin, Minnesota, and Iowa, with a
population of probably eleven millions, and "in
the whole region commercially tributary to the
lakes, it may be fairly estimated at fifteen."
The grain product of the United States, in-
cluding wheat, corn, rye, oais, &c., in the
year 1865, was 1,343,027,868 bushels, valued
at $1,118,904,370. Of this the product of
wheat was 151,999,900, and of corn 867,946,-
The wheat product of 1868 was 224,000,000
bushels, of which 32,000,000 were used for seed,
164,000,000consumed in the United States, and
28,000,000 exported. The population, product,
amount consumed, and surplus were, in the
States bordering on the lakes, as follows ;
Cl C5 00 Ci
3 S
to OO CO
THE JfARKET TOR WESTERN* FARMERS.
By far the largest portion of all this vast
surplus found its way to New York, and was
distributed from there to the manufacturing
States, or exported. The custom-house cur-
rency value of the wheat export, including Cal-
ifornia wheat, ($0,302,357,) was §51,125,430,
of which England and Europe took §29,871.000
in value, and the West Indies, South America,
China, and Japan, §21,264,330.
WHEAT.
I have selected this one product to illustrate
the interest which Ohio and other States of
the Lake region have in the success of the
amendment which I have offered.
PRICES—HOW DETERMINED.
The amount which a western farmer realizes
for a bushel of wheat depends on two circum-
stances, the price in the controlling market
and the cost of transporting it there.
Though England buys but a small partof our
wheat product, yet she consumes the largest
part of our wheat export, and the Liverpool
wheat market controls the price in New York,
Toledo, and Chicago, very much as the price
of oar national bonds at Amsterdam and
Threadneedle street determine the price in
the United States, or as Wall street, determ-
ines the price of gold at Cincinnati. The gen-
tleman from Missouri [Mr. Asper] has shown
