3268
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
Mr. ELA. I hope the House will not bus*
tain the call for the previous question on thia
joint resolution without giving us an opportu-
nity to look into it and see what is in it. Now,
sir, what is this proposition? Why, sir, it is
practically n proposition to enable this corpor-
ation to go into the money market of the world
to borrow money with a mortgage upon forty-
seven million acres of land, in competition with
the Government, which has nothing but the
public faith of the people to guaranty it in what
it may want to borrow, and 10 be damaged by
the chance of Democratic successes, if these
plunder schemes are to be put through a Repub-
lican Congress.
Why, sir, it has not even the me;rit of being
a bill for the protection and benefit of Amer-
ican labor. What is the demand for this hot
haste ? It is to enable these men to scour the
purlieus of Europe, for what? To get the scum
of the population of Europe to be brought in
here to compete with the farmers of the West,
who to-day, if we can believe the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Bcrchard,] cannot pro-
duce wheat except at a loss of $4 07 per acre
on the average. Here ia a proposition to mort-
gage to the money-holders of Europe a domain
bigger than half a dosen of their Email king-
doms for the purpose ot bringing in the lower
classes of their population to compete still
further with the farmers of the West and to
depress them still further. It is a proposition
also to bring in the vagrant hordes of Asia to
build thisroad; a population notatalldesirable,
of alien blood, with aa alien religion, and with
alien views of government, and sure to become
a source of weakness to our Government.
And if the effort is to be made to obtain
money in oar own money markets, where cap-
ital is scarce, with thia mighty advantage over
everybody else, it will make it but the harder
for the Government to obtain money for its
purposes, and thus increase the burdens of the
tax-payers. And is such a scheme as this to
be driven through this House with only half so
hour of discussion, in order that these foreign-
ers may be brought into our country; and for
what purpose? Is there any occasion to de-
velop this region of our oountry ? Are not our
crops now greater than we consume? And
what other object can there be except to build
op the enormous fortunes of foreign money-
holders. .
• Mr. WHEELER. Before I yield again I
desire ts say in reply to the allegation that this
joint' resolution i3 to be pot through without
consideration, that it has been printed and on
owr files since January last-——
Mr. VAN WYCK. What is the object of
reading a bill on the files, if ao amendments
can be offered to it?
Mr. WHEELER. At least t©< understand
it. I now yield five minutes to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. O'Nhll.]
Mr. O'NEILL. I -should not hare said a
word upon this hill, the passage of which I
approve, had not the gentleman from New
Hampshire [Mr. Eu] referred by name to a
Philadelphian of great distinction, - a citizen
whom everybody honors, a man of great busi-
ness enterprise, and of unquestioned integrity.
I refer to Mr. Jay Cooke, the head of the firm
of Jay Cooke & Co., and what I have said of
him 1 can say of all the members of that firm;
They rendered great and important services to
the Government, for which they were paid; but
every dollar of subscription obtained through
their means went into the coffers of the Gov-
ernment, and not one dollar of it went into
their pockets excepting such amounts as they
were entitled to in the way of commissions.
Mr. VAN WYCK. As there is only an hour
of discussion on this bill, I hope the gentleman
will occupy it in this mode of discussion.
Mr. 0'N EILL. I have before advocated on
this floor the granting of public lands to aid in
the construction of leading railroads. I believe
that the people of Philadelphia, whom I in
part have the honor to represent, and that the
people of the State of Pennsylvania have a
great interest in having the railroad system ot
the country extended; and wherever it is not
well populated, as in the northwestern States
and the far western Territories, I .am willing
to grant lands to such corporations in order to
aid the construction of lines to connect the
Atlantic with the Pacific by as many different
routes as may be needed.
Does it become a Representative from Penn-
sylvania to oppose these grants? Pennsylvania
is an old State, thickly populated, with im-
mense means in the hands of individuals; and
it would come with poor grace for her members
to oppose any such legislation, the more so
because she has never yet come to Congress
and asked for one dollar to help her in any !
individual enterprise. By the contributions of
her own citizens, $800,000,000 have been ex-
pended in building railroads within her bound-
aries. By means of this enterprise she now
has more than five thousand miles of iron and •
steel rails traversing different parts of her soil.
I am ready to assist in carrying out the railroad
system of the country. I do not believe any
constituent of mine, or any citizen of Penn-
sylvania, will find fault with any one of her
Representatives for advocating the passage of
measures which will throw open the great Ter-
ritories of ourcountry to emigration and settle-
ment by citizens who wish to establish homes
in the great West
I wish I had more time to speak on this
question. It is one In which I feel great inter-
est. I have always had a deep concern in rail-
roads and internal improvements. I have been
educated in a State which embarked early in
the cause of internal improvement. Penn-
sylvania has been in this fespect the pioneer
i of the country; she has been to the whole |
world a bright example of enterprise, energy, I
and liberality in carrying to success great lines
of railroads and canals.
[Here the hammer felL]
Mr. WHEELER. I now yield five minutes
to the gentleman from Washington Territory,
[Mr. Ga.rfiei.de.]
Mr. GARFIELDE, of Washington. Mr.
Speaker, as my Territory is perhaps more
directly affected by this measure than any
other portion of the United States, so far as its
lands are concerned^ I have sought the oppor-
| tunity to say a word or two upon this bill. Ia
I the first place I wish to refer to the proposition
, which has. been urged to impose on the com-
[ pany a limitation providing that the lands shall
be disposed of to actual settlers only at a price
i not exceeding $2 50 per acre. I beg to say
! that a rule which would operate well in Illinois
| or Indiana or Ohio is entirely impracticable
upon the great plains of the West. I have
traveled over the line of this road, for a dis-
tance of five hundred miles, and I know from
ray own observation that there are places where
for five, ten, fifteen* or twenty miles no water
can be found. The substratum is basaltic, the
heaving is perpendicular; so that you may dig
down to any possible depth without finding
water. Now, would you divide such land as
that into tracts of one hundred and sixty acres
and say that they shall never be sold unless to
a settler who will go upon them to parch with
thirst? I speak of what! know, and I say that
if you wish to throttle this bill, if you wish to
•destroy this enterprise, limit the control of
these lands in the hands of the company and
you will accomplish it.
Mr. Speaker, this bill involves a question
greater than the Northern Pacific railroad
itself, greater than the interests of the region
of country through which the road passes,
greater, to my mind, than any question which
has been presented to the House this session.
Sir, there are epochs in the history of the world
that control the destinies of nations for ages;
and to my mind an epoch is now approaching
in the commercial history of mankind which is
to influence through the indefinite future the
destiny of nations so far as regards their com-
mercial supremacy. For ten centuries com-
merce moved with slow and painful strides
across the desert3 of central Asia. That com-
merce built up populous cities, and spread the
civilization of the age wherever it went. But
the discovery by Vasco de Gama of the route
round the Cape of Good Hope broke up the
line of travel and trade that had been used
before. Then the cities of the desert went to
desolation. The sands of the desert swept over
them, and cities which had once been great
and prosperous were known no longer in the
history of the world. Commerce then entered
upon its second stage, taking the route by the
Cape of Good Hope, and for three centuries
it buffeted the storms of that stormy cape. To
my mind another great change is about to take
place in the history of the commercial world.
Commerce is now about to enter upon the third
stage of its career. We are now to witness
the struggle between the isthmus of Suez, the
isthmus of Panama, and the great transcon-
tinental route of America. My time does not
permit me to refer to the characteristics of
these several routes.
Time is becoming as important an element
in the trade and travel of the world as the cost
of transportation. Now, a reference to the time
between New York and the great sea-porta of
eastern Asia will develop some important facts.
Take 100 as the unit of time from New York
to Yokohama, in Japan, by the North Pacific
railroad route, and the time by the Union and
Central roads will be 112, by Panama 150, and
by Suez 190. The result from London to the
same point isequally striking, and is as follows:
North Pacific route, 100; Union and Central
routes, 112; Panama, 142; Suez, 153.
These facts are going to control the commer-
cial destiny of the world. The people of the
United States possess a territory spanning the
continent from ocean to ocean, over which will
pass the commerce of the world. It lies within
the grasp of the American people to control
that commerce; and I invoke this Congress, in
the light of the public prosperity, in view of the
decadence of the American shipping interest,
to remember that the future and most glorious
achievement of the Acoerican marine will be
upon the Pacific, where we look out upon the
vast empires of eastern Asia, and where we are
to-day producing a revolution tending to our
great advantage among the effete civilizations
of the Old World.
[Here the hammer fellj
Mr. COX. I ask the gentleman from New
York to yield to me.
Mr. WHEELER. I cannot yield-
Mr. COX. I protest against this crucifixiom
Mr. VAN WYCK. So do I.
Mr. COX. Between two thieves.
Mr. WHEELER. I now demand the pre-
vious question on the passage of the bill.
Mr. COX. I hope the previous question will
not be seconded.
The House divided; and there were-—Ayes
64, noes 53.
Mr. RANDALL demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Wheeler
and Mr. Randall were appointed.
■ The House agaiq divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 78, noes 59.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. STILES moved that the bill be laid oa
the table.
Mr. COX demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 58, nays 85, not voting
84; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Amblor, Am ell, Asper,
Benjamin, Biggs, Bird, James Brooks, Buffintoii,
Burchard, Sidney Clarke, Cleveland, Coburn, Cox,
Calloin. Dickinson, Duval, LI a, Eldri<jUre. linkeln-
burg, Getz, Griswold, Hawloy, Hay, Heflin, Alex-
ander H. Jones, Judd, Knapp, Knott, Lash, ijaw-
renco, X*ou&hriUge, Marshall, Mnyham, MpCrauf.
