2324
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 31,
public speech, in order to get the rotes of his
constituents, he boasted of cruelties such as
no man ought to boast of to unoffending negro
soldiers under his charge, and boasted that he
got rid of the responsibility of the charges for
those acts before a court-martial by bribing
the witnesses before they went on the stand.
Here are fonr men who swore that he said so.
Two of the affidavita have been put in the
newspapers, and he has as yet filed no affidavit
and made no statement contradicting the alle-
gation that ho bo declared in apolitical speech.
Now, is it for this House to admit Captain
Conner to a seat under these very grave cir-
cumstances without at least an investigation ?
I liavo here a law of Texas which makes suborn-
atiou of perjury the same offense as perjury
itself, to wit, a felony. It is not yet denied
(hat there was subornation of perjury. Under
these circumstances, when the matter was
brought to my attention, without any wish or
desire of mine, I felt it my duty to present
fully and carefully the facts to the House with-
out any special comment. They comment upon
themselves. And without wishing to prejudice
Captain Conner any more than the facts are
to his prejudice, 1 simply ask the attention of
the House to the question proposed by the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Shanks,] whether
these facts should not he seat to acominittcc for
investigation, and before I sit down I propose
to move the previous question on the resolution.
Mr. PAINE. T trust not. f trust, after what
the gentleman has said, he will allow theother
side to say something.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. 1 will
yield the rest ot' my time to the gentlemen 011
the other side; that is more than I have occu-
pied myself.
The SPEAKER. The (. hair does not un-
derstand the gentleman to have any time lo
yield, lie was speaking in the time of the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Shaikh,J
Mr. BUTLER, ot Massachusetts. The gen-
tium an from Indiana yielded the rest of his
time to me.
Mr. SHANKS. That is so.
The SPEAKKit. Then the gentleman has
nearly half an hoar remaining,"
Mr. STEVENSON. I ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Bcm.mi] it' he will
yield to me? I am a member of the Commit-
tee of Election^, and I would like to bo heard.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
yield to the gentleman from Ohio for five min-
utes.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Now, I am
going to insist on the regular enforcement of
the rules of this House. I rise to a point of
order.
The SPEAKER. What point of order does
the gentleman raise?
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. That the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butlf.r]
must cither go on and finish his speech or yield
the floor, and not peddle it out.
Tho SPEAKER. The Chair does not under-
stand that there is any such rule.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. It has been
the practice of the IIouso for years and years,
until of late, that a gentleman shall finish his
speech if objection is made to his yielding.
The SPEAKER. On the contrary, there is
a specific rule of the House that a gentleman
entitled to the floor for an hour may yield any
portion of his time.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I wish the
Chair would have that rule read, for it is
unknown to me.
The SPEAKER. That is the rule of the
House.
Mr. BURR. I understood the Chair to state
some minutes since that the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] had no time to
yield.
The SPEAKER. The Chair was under a
misapprehension. The business this morning
has fallen into an irregular channel, and if there
is any responsibility for this confusion it is
owing to the course pursued by the gentleman
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine,] the chairman of
the Committee of Eleotions. That gentleman
reported a resolution from the Committee of
Elections and then yielded the floor absolutely
to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Shanks,]
who is not a member of that committee.
Mr. PAINE. Will the Chair permit rne to
make a single remark ?
The SPEAKER. Certainly.
Mr. PAINE. I reported a resolution from
the Committee of Elections aiid submitted it
to the House. It was in my discretion to call or
not call the previous question upon that reso-
lution. But I reported the resolution, and then
took my seat without calling the previous ques-
tion. I must insist, therefore, that I did noth-
ing irregular.
The SPE AKER. Tho Chair understandsthe
usage in this House to be that whenever ameas-
nro is reported from a committee the mem-
bers of that committee shall have precedence
in the discussion of that measure. The Chair
understood the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Paine] to yield to the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Shanks,] and that deprived tho Chair of
the usual privilege exercised by him of recog-
nizing members of tho Committee of Elections,
at least during tho hour to which the gentleman
from Indiana acquired the right. The Chair
does not say or intimate that the gentleman from
Wisconsin did anything which was not proper,
but tho Chair was misled by the course pur-
sued.
Mr. PAINE. I did not mislead the Chair.
I informed the Chair that I did not yield to
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Shanks] lo
olfer his amendment, and that 1 had no right
to accept it. I told the Chair that I refrained
from demanding the previous question, and did
not, claim to hold the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair was compelled
to recognize the gentleman from Indiana, who
rose to otl'er an amendment, as entitled to the
floor for an hour.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry.
The SPEAKElt. Tho Chair will hear it.
Mr. DAWES. Tho gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Bu-ri.ua] 1 understood to have
been speaking iu the time of the gentleman
from Indiana, [ Mr. Shanks.] If that is the
case, has tho gentleman any time to yield?
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Indiana yielded the remainder of his time to
tliu gentleman from Massachusetts, then ihe
gentleman from Massachusetts acquired all tho
rights of the original holder of the lloor. That
has been the uniform usage of the House.
Mr. DAWES. Then 1 understand that ho
is speaking as in his own right.
Tho SPEAKER. The Chair first ruled that
as the gentleman from Massachusetts was speak-
ing in the time of the gentleman from Indiana,
he had no time to yield to others. But the
Chair was corrected by the gentleman from
Indiana, who stated that he had yielded all the
remainder of his time to the gentleman from
Massachusetts. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts thereby acquired full right to the floor,
and can yield it lo others or occupy it himself.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
yield lo the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Ste-
vexsox] for five minutes.
Mr. liANDALL. I rise to a parliamentary
question.
Mr. STEVENSON. Permit me to occupy
the little time I have.
Mr. HAND ALL. I desire to inquire of the
Chair when the Committee of Elections will
have an opportunity to defend their report ?
The SPEAKER. When this hour lias ex-
pired the Chair will recognize some member
of the Committee of Elections.
Mr. RANDALL. I only want to know when
they can be heard.
Mr. STEVENSON. The Committee of
Elections having had referred to them the
several certificates of members-elect from the
State of Texas, which certificates are all alike)
now report them back with the opinion of the
committee that those gentlemen are all enti-
tled to be sworn in and to take their seats,
^■hts of contest which may exist.
:ortunately, that one of these
gentlemen is a Democrat. It is said that ho
is a bad boy; a naughty, bad Texas boy. That
may be. 1 do not hope to see any very good
specimens of Christianity eome up to this Con-
gress from Texas. [Laughter.] The ques-
tion rather goes to the inquiry whether or not
we shall have Texas hero at all. But suppose
that all that has been said here is true; these
statements are ex parte; these charges have
been denied, and they have been negatived by
a court-martial. But suppose it were all true,
has it any relevancy whatever to the question
of a man's right to a seat on this floor? I
cannot see that it has any relevancy whatever.
You propose to send this case to the Com-
mittee of Elections that they may try the ques-
tion whether this gentleman white au officer
of tho Army was guilty of a particular act.
Suppose he was ; suppose we, sitting as a high
court-martial, find furn guilty; does that de-
prive him of the right to sit as a member of
this Congress? Why, sir, the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] himself defended
on this lloor a member of the House guilty
while a member of miseouductworse than any
charge in this case. And now the gentleman
proposes to deny to a man a seat in Congress
because he is accused of colorable suborn-
ation of perjury before ho was elected. This,
in my judgment, is a farce; nay, worse, it is
a base partisan proceeding, and as such I de-
nounce it.
The SPEAKER. Tho gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] having questioned tho
ruling of the Chair as to the usage of the House
and its rules, the Clerk will read from the
Digest.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Whilo a member is occupying the lloar ho raay
yield it to another for explanation of tho ponding
measure as well as for personal explanation. [So,
too, ho may yield it for a motion to adjourn, or that
tho committee rise, without losing liis right to reoc-
cupy it tor the remainder of his timo whenever tho
pending question shall bo resumed; but it is other-
wise when ho yields to enable another to offer or
withdraw an amendment,]"
The SPEAKER. It is not only the specific
rule, but also tho uniform usage of the House
that a member may yield any portion of his
time for the discussion of whatever measure
may bo pending. lie only loses his right to
the floor when ho yields for an amendment.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Tho Chair
will permit me to say that the right to yield is
for personal explanation. 'The gentleman from
Massachusetts proposes to yield for general dis-
cussion.
Tho SPEAKER. Tho rule expressly says
that £' while a member is occupying the floor
he may yield it to another for explanation of
the pending measure as well as for personal
explanation." Does the gentleman from New
York further question the ruling of the Chair?
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I can only
say that the uniform practice of tho House
until within three or four years 
The SPEAKER. The Journal clerk, who
has been here longer than the gentleman from
New York  
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Hardly.
The SPEAKER. The Journal clerk, whoso
term of service antedates that of the gentle-
man from New York, or is at any rate quite
as long 
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I have con-
stantly seen members yield the floor, but never
until very recently for anything else than a
mere personal explanation.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York  
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. If the
Chair will permit me to state the fatal conse-
quences 
