1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
would be that that would not authorize this
appropriation.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The Chair
understands the rule restricting amendments
of this kind, where it provides that they must
be to carry out the provisions of some existing
law, to mean a law that positively requires an-
expenditure of money, and therefore the amend-
ment is made in obedience to the requirements
of the law. As stated by the Senator from
Kansas, in the opinion of the Chair the
amendment is not in order.
Mr. POMBROY. I do not desire to take
any appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. ROSS. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs to offer an amendment,
to insert on page 48, after line elevgn hundred
and seventy-five, the following :
For the purpose of enabling the Secretary of the
Interior to extinguish the Indian tifclo ts the hinds
known as the Blaok Bob Indian reservation nj the
State of Kansas, containm^ thirty-three thousand
three hundred and ninety-three acres, more or loss,
$83,482 50: the samo'to be held in trust for the use
and benefit of said band, and for the purnhiBP at'  
new home in tlic Indjan territory, as the Secmtaiy
ot the Interior may direct: Provided, That the said
lands shall thereafter be subject to sr-Jo to actual
occupants only, in cmantitieanot axeaedineTOe hun-
dred and sixty acres to each head of a family, at. the
price of 50 per acre; payment therefor to be made
in lawful money of the United States within one year
from the date hereof, under such rules and regula-
tions as the Secretary of the Interior may prescribe.
Mr. HARLAN. That is the case that Iliad
in my mind when I was on the floor befpre.
I think that had better go over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no paint
of order is raised, the Chair will put the question
to the Senate on agreeing to the amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to inquire if it
has been recommended by any committee
before I vote upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chaw
understands the Senator from Kansas [Mr.
Ross] to state that he reports it from the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs; but it would not be
in order, although reported from the Committee
on Indian Affairs, unless it has been referred
to the Committee on Appropriations one day
in advance.
Mr. ROSS. It was so referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations some three or four
datheU1PRESIDING OFFICER. Since it
was reported from the Committee on Indian
Affairs?
Mr. ROSS. Yes, sir.
Mr. I-IARLAN. The Committee on Indian
Affairs authorized the honorable Senator to
report it. There is no doubt about that. Lut
this is the case that I mentioned a moment
ao-o. A part of these lands have been sold,
and the deeds have been delivered. Ike lands
have been sold in some cases for three or tour
dollars an acre, the Indians deriving the pro-
ceeds of the sales. This amendment proposes
that the same land shall be sold to the squat-
ters, to the parties who are now on the land,
at $2 50 an acre. It is very questionable
whether Congress has the right to sell the
lands, and if so, it would certainly wrong these
Indians to compel them to take $2 50 for lands
that they have already bargained off for three
or four dollars an acre. At all even s, I should
much prefer that the matter should be consid-
ered by itself in a separate bill, and stand on
its own merits. 1 think that woul t_„„C
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Allow me to ask
' the Senator a question. I
■ remark a moment ago that the Senator from
; Kansas was authorized to reportthe bill which
- is now under consideration .
! Mr. HARLAN. This amendment
i Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. To report it as
i aM,rHARLAN. No; I think the honorable
  Senator from Kansas was
* it from the committee as an amendment to tne
' Indian appropriation bill.
> Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. ^ as it not, as
j a mailer of fact, reported a", a bill.
Mr. HARLAN. I think it was by the hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Ba^is,]
perhaps not in this form.
Mr. ROSS. This proposition has not been
reported as a bill. There jaa bill pending in
the committee fpr'tha accomplishment of this
purpose. The case the chairman proposes to
meet is provided for- in a bill from the com-
mittee, and areportj in which the whole ques-
tion is argued.
Mr. HARLAN. This amendment relates
to what is known here familiarly and in Kansas
as the Black Bab band of Indians.
Mr. MORRILL, of-Maine. I understand
the chairman of the committee to say that it
ought not to go on this bill.
Mr. IIARLA.N. That is my judgment^ I
think it ought not to go on the bill. I thiijlt
it ought to be considered separately.
Mr. ROSS. Mr. President, in regard to the
prioe which this amendment proposes to pay
for the lands, and which the honorable Sen-
ator from Iowa sgams to think insufficient,
inasmuch as sj portion of the lands havealready
been sold, op pretended to be sold, at a higher
figure, it is sufficient, perhaps, to say that the
lands which have been sold, or of which pre-
tended sales have bean made, are the very best
lands within the reservation. When you come
ta sell the poorer lands of the'reservation,
whksh are a considerable portion of the whole,
in my judgment SO will be ample, and all
of even more than they are actually worth,
without the improvements that have been put
upon them.
In regard to the deeds that have been issued
for them, in my judgment they are wholly
without any foundation whatever in law or in
equity. The committee have examined that
matter with some degree of thoroughness, and
a majority of the eommittee at least came to
the conclusion that there was no authority ot
law for the execution of those deeds; that the
lands were simply to be patented to the Indians,
to be held by them in severalty, merely as oc-
cupants and without conveying any real title
or any power whatever to alienate them. In
proof of that there is one very strong fact, and
that is that wherever the Indians in the State
of Kansas have been authorized to receive
patents for their lands in severalty, with power
to alienate, that authority has at the sametime
been accompanied by a provision for their in-
itiation into the State as citizens upon an equal
footing with all other citizens. ,
In this case there is nothing of the kind ; and
certainly it seems to me to be a violent sup-
position that Congress would pass a law by
which these Indians could take their lands in
severalty with power to sell themand without
the other provisions of citizenship, and thus
place it utterly beyond their power to protect
themselves. They have pretended to sell some
of these lands without this power to become
citizens, without any privilege of becoming
citizens, and they have received the money lor
the lands. The result is, having nobody to
look after them and being without the jurisdic-
tion of the Government apparently, they have
simply squandered the money they have re^
ceived in whisky, gewgaws, and tollies, and
now they are not citizens and they have neither
money nor lands. The result is that they are
a set of vagabonds and paupers m my ^tate,
for whom the Government or the State must
provide, or they will die from starvation.
I have introduced this proposition to save
them from that fate. They have been saved
from death by starvation for the last two win-
ters almost solely, I may say, by the efforts of
the settlers upon these lands, who have con-
tributed for their support wagon-load aitcr
wao-on-load of provisions ; and thus, as i say,
a ,ii ii C— ^nt'omrotirtn.
W au \J li" «• vJCtvA wi pxv/ i j   / ,
they have actually saved them from starvation.
The money they have received for the pretended
sales that were made is gone, '^ey have no
money and no lands; and this the only way m
v/hich they can be kept alive.
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] asks
me how the settlers got on the lands. I will
state to the Senate that the settlers want on
the lands with the encouragement of .the Inn
dian Commissioner, the Indian superintendent,
and the Indian agent. The lands were sup- ■
posed to be, and were at the time the selileis
went upon them, aharidoned by the Indians,.;
There was not an Indian on.the reservation at
that tiraa. Dining the war they h^td haen scat-
tered, no one knew where, and it'was a matte*,
of very guava doubt whether they would ever
return, and especially whether aay cansidei'-
able number of them would evea. return to. the
lands. Under those circumstances; .the few-
settlers -who were on the land at the time lyera.
informed by the Commissioner and by the
officers I hava mentioned, that, a treaty, was
pending, or about to be made, for .the acqui-
sition of these lands and thg extinction of the
Indian title, and they- were given encourages
ment to remain-there ; and others were enpourr -
aged to gp an the lands.
In that*way the lands hase become entirely,
occupied^ I think I may say there is scarcely,
if at all, a vacant quarter section upon the res-
ervation. The Indians, however, are there.
They are there with the > settlers. The .most
kindly relations exist between them, The set-
tlers are keeping them alive. The settlers are.
willing to pay them what their I finds are worth.
But under this encouragement from the Gov-
ernment and from the officers of the Govern-
ment the settlers have been led to believe that
they would be permitted to remain on the lands,
and therefore they have erected and constructed
costly improvements. Many of thetp -have
farms containing improvements which alone are
worth five or sixthousfind dollars. The entire
value of the improvements now on the lands is
not less than $200,000. Of course, adding the
value of those improvements, the lands are
worth very much more than what I propose
in the proposition to pay to the Indians; but
exclusive of the improvements, the price I
have named, in my judgment, is fill that the
lands are wovth. Sopie of the Indians have
left the country entirely and gone down to the
Indian territory, there to remain, and the rest
of them are desirous of going there. 1 ass this1
proposition, Mr. President, and you give thsm
the money to go, you give them the money to
buy land of the neighboring tribes, you give
them the money with which they can subsist.
As I have remarked, it is a question oi mercy
to the Indians ; it is a benevolence to the Indians
as well as to the white settlers on the lands.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am not pre-
cisely informed about this question, but I am
to a general intent. I understand that these
Indians of the Black Bob band were part of
the Shawnee Indians. The Black Bob band
of Shawnees and the Long Tail band comprise
about one or two hundred Indians, more or
less. That tribe of Indians, the Shawnees, had
their lands set out in severalty by the Govern-
ment. These two bands were not desirous at
that time of having their lands in severalty.
They were permitted to have them so, but tney
chose to take theirs in a lump. Afterward they
were permitted to take these lands in severalty,
and they have sold the lands which were pat-
ented to them by the Government for lour or
five dollars an acre, more or less; I- a®110"
know precisely what, but they have sold them,
and they are in the hands of other parties under
PaMr.tiDAVIS. If the honorable Senator will
permit me, I will, in a few words, explain this
matter to him. . , ' T
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Certainly. .1
dare say the honorable Senator understands it
V6Si-W DAVIS. As to the first facts.dated by
the honorable Senator I . art 0f
their truth. The Black Bob band part ot
the Shawnee tribe. They ref   chose
rusemtion of some' thirty-odd thousand cores
