1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
69
dispute the propriety of including in the bill
if6 Sj ^s in this amendment ; but
all those subjects are covered by the amend-
ment proposed by rae, which provides for
commercial and other statistics."
Mr. INGERSOLL. I withdraw my amend-
ment for the present, giving notice that I shall
offer such an amendment to the twenty-seventh
section. In my opinion the pending section as
it stands does not include these branches of
business.
£uestion recurring on the amendment
of Mr. Jekckes, itwas agreed to; there being—
ayes 60, noes 49.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That each district
superintendent shall promptly supply each enumer-
ator within his district with the instructions issued
from the Census Office, the schedules and blanks pro-
vided for the enumeration of the population and the
collection of the other statistics required by law,
and shall give to him, from time to time, all such
information and directions as may be necessary to
enable him properly to discharge his duties. He
shall carefully examine whether the returns of each
enumerator are made in conformity with law;
and where discrepancies, errors, or omissions are
detected he shall require tliosamo to be corrected.
Me shall make an accurate copy of all the returns
received or obtained by him, and ho shall disposo
oi,the sets of returns as follows: one ho shall trans-
mit forthwith to the Superintendent of the Census,
and the other he shall carefully preserve, subject to
the order of the said Superintendent. If o shall from
time to time make himself acquainted with the
progress made by each enumerator in the discharge
of his duties, and in case of inability or noglect of
any enumerator, arising from sickness or other
causc, shall employ a substitute,
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move a verbal
amendment to the section just read—to strike
out in the thirteenth and fourteenth lines the
words "and he shall dispose of the sets of
returns as follows" and inserting in lieu thereof
the word "which;" bo that the clause will read
"he shall make an accurate copy of all the
returns received or obtained by him, which ho
shall transmit forthwith to the Superintendent
of the Census," &c.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to amend
further by striking out in lino fifteen the word
"other" and inserting in lieu thereof "origi-
nal. ''
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. There are a few
verbal amendments required in this section in
consequence of the adoption of the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Rhode Island.
The gentleman will specify those amendments.
Mr. JENCKISS. I move to amend as fol-
lows:
After the word " each," in line two, insort "special
deputy and."
• Insert the same words after tho word "each" in
line nine and in line oighteen, and aftor the word
" any" in line nineteen.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to move an amend-
ment, to which I call the attention of the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.] It is to strike
out in the twentieth line the words "arising
from sickness or other cause." As I suggested
yesterday, the efficiency of this scheme will
depend entirely upon the ability and efficiency
of the enumerators, and whenever any one of
these officers are found wanting either in ability
or in attention to their duties, whatever the cause
may be, the superintendent ought to have the
power to discharge them and put efficient and
able men in their places. Within the thirty
days allowed for this work there will be no time
to stop and examine the causes of the failure
of these officers to discharge their duties. I
submit, therefore, that my amendment ought
to be adopted.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I see no special
object to be gained by the amendment, or any-
thing to be lost, and if the gentleman thinks it
better to strike it out let it be done.
The amendment was adopted.
The Clerk read section nine, as follows:
Sec. 9. Andbeit further enacted, Thatassoon as pos-
sible after the passage of this act the Superintendent
of theCeususshall prepare and furnish to the district
superintendents all thenecessary blanks, schedules,
and instructions for carrying in to effect th e provisions
of this act, to the end thatdistrietsuperintendentsand
enumerators may be fully instructed in their duties
before the time fixed for distributing the schedules
and for taking the census.
Mr. JENCKES. The amendment adopted
makes it necessary to insert the words '' special
deputies" after the word "superintendents"
in line six, and I move that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish to suggest another
amendment in line two, to which I invite the
attention of the gentleman in charge of this
bill. It reads "as soon as possible after the
passage of this act." I move to strike out
thatlanguage; so that itwill read "theSuper-
intendent of the Census as soon as possible
after his appointment."
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have no objec-
tion to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read section ten, as follows :
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That in the
courso of the twenty days preceding the day fixed
for taking the census the enumerator shall deliver
to each family in his subdivision a family or house-
hold schedule; and to each occupier of a iarin a
copy of tho farm schedule; and to each owner, pro-
prietor, or manager of a manufacturing, mechani-
cal, or mining establishment a copy of tho'schedulo
for manufacturing, mechanical, and mining estab-
lishments; and to tho proprietor or manager of
each store or trading establishment, a oopy of tho
schodulo for persons engaged in trado: and it shall
be his duty to explain to each person to whom he
may dolivor such schedules tho objects of tho samo
and Ilia obligations in relation theroto, in order that
tho persons rccomng said schedules may correctly
All tho blanks and complete tho answers to tho in-
quiries therein by tho day fixed for taking tho census.
Mr. McGREW. I move to strike out
" twenty" and insert " thirty," so that it will
read " in the course of thirty days." I do this
because I feci satisfied that the twenty days
provided for here is too short a time to perform
everything required of the enumerator. It
will be either necessary to adopt this amend-
ment or to divide up the districts into territo-
ries so small that you will havo to increase the
number of enumerators to such an extent as to
increase indefinitely the chances and probabil-
ities of inaccuracies and want of uniformity.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope that
amendment will not prevail. Thirty days is
tho time fixed for taking the enumeration, and
tho district superintendents are required to
divide their districts into subdivisions small
enough to allow tho enumeration to be made
in that time. Now, if thirty days be a period
sufficient for the enumeration, certainly twenty
days must be sufficient for the distribution of
the schedules. I will say to the gentleman,
however, that if we find ourselves mistaken
Congress will bo in session, and before the time
arrives, if the period fixed is insufficient, the
communications Congress will receive on the
subject will show that to be the case, and the
time may then be extended. But let us begin
with the time provided in tho bill, and not
extend it before it is found that an extension
is necessary.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It has been sug-
gested to mo by the Delegate from one of the
Territories that in the Territories more than
twenty days should be allowed. Some of the
Territories are very large, and unless you
multiply the enumerators to a very great ex-
tent they will not be able to go round and
leave the schedules within the twenty days
specified. I would suggest to the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] that it would do no
harm in the case of the Territories to extend
the time to forty days.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I think it will
probably be found necessary to leave some
discretion in the hands of the Secretary of the
Interior or the Superintendent of the Census in
regard to theTerritories andother very sparsely-
popuUted districts. But I would not like to
nave it inserted here that there shall be granted
everywhere, as a rule, more than twenty days;
and I ask the committee not to increase that
number, so that we may not be compelled to
increase the expense in that respect, unless an
extension of the time shall hereafter be found
to be necessary.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The bill gives the
Secretary of the Interior no discretion. It
fixes the time absolutely at twenty days.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I think that is.
enough as a general rule.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Either a discretion
should be given to the Secretary of the Interior
in the matter or the time should be enlarged.
Mr. McGREW. It will be observed by the
committee that it is made the duty of the enu-
merator to travel over the whole territory of his
district to distribute the blanks and the sched-
ules, and not only that, but to explain to all
persons to whom they are delivered their object
and intent; and I feel quite sure that it will
occupy quite as much time as it will to take
the census after the blanks are distributed. If
thirty days is necessary in the one ease it seems
to me that it is necessary in the other.
Mr. CULLOM. Will the gentleman allow
me to make a suggestion ?
Mr. McGREW. Certainly.
Mr. CULLOM. The committee do not under-
stand that it is the duty of the enumerator as
he distributes the schedules to explain them
personally. The explanations will be printed
upon the schedules themselves, so that there
will be no time taken up by the enumerators
in that regard.
A Member. Suppose the parties with whom
the schedule is left cannot read ?
Mr. CULLOM. They can get a neighbor to
read it to them.
Mr. McGREW. It is provided in lines ten
and eleven of this section that "it shall be his
duty to explain to each person to whom he
may deliver such schedules the objects of the
same."
Mr. CULLOM. The fact is, however, that
the explanation will be printed on the sched-
ules themselves, so that the attention of the
people will be called to every paragraph in
them, and they will have no difficulty in filling
them up. Certainly a shorter time will be re-
quired to distribute the various schedules than
to collect them afterward, because that is the
time when explanations of their character will
have to be made by the enumerators.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I withdraw tho
amendment to the amendment.
The question was taken on Mr. McGbew's
amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. TOWNSEND. I move to amend the
section by inserting after the word "to," in
the third line, the words "the head of; " and
after the word " subdivision" the words " or
in the absence of such head, to an adult mem-
ber of such family ; " so as to point out the
individual to whom the schedule shall be pre-
sented. It will then read :
Si:c. 10. And be it further enacted. That in tho
courso of tho twenty days preceding tho day fixed
for taking tho census the enumerator shall deliver
to tho head of each iamily in his subdivision, or in
tho abscncc of such head, to an adult member of
such family, a family or householder schedule, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KERR. I wish to offer an amendment
to this section; but before doing so I desire to
make an inquiry of the gentleman who has
charge of this bill. I would like to inquire if
his committee have considered whether it is
really at all necessary to have these schedules
distributed as proposed by section ten of this
bill; whether that may not just as well be dis-
pensed with without in any material degree
interfering with the effectiveness, complete-
ness, or value of the result ?
_ Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The committee
did consider that question very carefully, and
after an examination which was quite extended
they came to the conclusion that sending these
schedules out in advance would have two effects;
one Very materially to abridge the time that
would be required to talcethe enumeration when
the time came fordoing so, and the other very
materially to enhance the correctness and value
