1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2325
Tiie SPEAKER. The gentleman himself
is now violating the rule.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I know that
I am occupying the floor by the courtesy of
the Chair, who has the power to preclude all
explanation upon this matter.
The SPEAKER. The Chair simply states
the rule, which is as specific as language can
make it; and the Journal elerk, whose term
of service extends over nearly twenty-five years,
states to the Chair that the practice of the
House under that rule has been entirely uni-
form. To whom does the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] now yield ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I yield to
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Orth] for
five minutes.
Mr. ORTH. It strikes me, Mr. Speaker,
that this is a most extraordinary proceeding,
more so than any I have ever witnessed in any
case which has arisen in Congress during the
last six or seven years. The Committee of
Elections, to whom were referred the creden-
tials of four gentlemen claiming the right to
represent the State of Texas on this floor, have
submitted their report, which is, as I under-
stand, a unanimous report, that each one of
these applicants is entitled prima facie to be
admitted to the seat which he claims. Pend-
ing the consideration of this report my col-
league [Mr. Shaxks] submits certain affidavits,
which were published in a newspaper iu this
city three or four weeks ago, reflecting upon
the military and personal character of one of
these applicants.
Permit rnc to say, Mr. Speaker, that I am
personally acquainted with Captain Conner,
and have been for years. He is a native of
my State. When a boy of eighteen he entered
the Army of the Republic and served in it con-
tinuously until the close of the war, when he
was appointed by the President of the IJnited
States a captain in the regular Army, in which
capacity he served until he accepted the nom-
ination as a candidate for Representative from
the State of Texas. Against his loyalty the
breath of suspicion has never been raised.
He has made his record as a military man.
Is this House now to authorize the Committee
of Elections to inquire into his moral charac-
ter ? Is the Committee of Elections to be in-
structed to inquire whether the military com-
mission which tried certain charges against
him was right in dismissing jthose charges?
Why, Mr. Speaker, this to my mind is a
most preposterous proceeding. Suppose every
specification named in these charges were
proved to be true; suppose the commission
had found him guilty ; suppose he occupied the
position of a certain member in this House
who had been court-martialed for certain mili-
tary offenses, the proceedings of which court
were approved by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Butler] during the war, but
whose admission here was advocated by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, would that
ever have excluded Mr. Conner from his right
to take his seat in this House as a member-
clect ? Turn to the Constitution and see what
it prescribes in reference to the qualifications
of a member of this House. Mr. Conner has
the requisite age. Ho has the requisite resi-
dence. He has the requisite certificate of his
election from the proper authorities. The
Committee of Elections has so reported, and
(hat settles the prima facie case.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Bttleu] says Mr. Conner's character is not
what it might be. He has told us that Mr.
Conner is charged with having punished sol-
diers. I presume if that were a disqualifica-
tion oilier members who now occupy seats
upon this floor mightbo ousted. This question
of kindness to soldiers or harshness to soldiers
has nothing to do with the qualifications of a
member to a seat in this House. If such rule
were adopted it might exclude some of those
who are attempting to cxclude this young man
from the seat to which he is justly entitled.
Mr. Speaker, I can see no reason for this
course. This whole thing, to my mind, pre-
sents a kind of conspiracy against this gentle-
man. Ex parte affidavits have been brought
in here and are relied on for the purpose of
affecting his rights. First, wo had read pub-
lications from the newspapers, read to blacken
his character and to prejudice the minds of
those who are called upon to act in this case.
I am sorry my young friend Mr. Conner is
not better politically than he is. I regret that
in this respect he does not follow in the foot-
steps of his father and other relativeswho are
among the most respected citizens of my State.
But that I cannot remedy. The fact that he
is a Democrat—and a Democratic carpet-bag-
ger at that—is no disqualification and cannot
affect his legal rights here as a Represent-
ative of the people of Texas.' On the con-
trary, Mr. Speaker, I hope this House will
emphasize its denunciation of this attempt to
deny a seat to a member-elect who has come
here with the proper qualifications. The affi-
davits which have been presented we ought to
show by our action are utterly unworthy of the
attention of this House, and I hope this House
will say so by its action.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to be heard 011 this
question for a few minutes.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I yield to
my colleague.
Mr. DAWES. I have had occasion hereto-
fore to consider the question which seems in-
volved in this motion of my colleague. During
the last Congress and the Congress before that,
when I was on the Committee of Elections,
we had occasion to consider how far it was
proper 
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope we shall have
order preserved in the Hall. We can neither
see nor hear what is going on on the other
side of the House. I hope members will be
requested to take their seats and not crowd
around the other side.
[Members were requested to take their seats,
and order was restored.]
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, the Committee
of Elections of the last Congress had occasion
to consider how far it was within their prov-
ince to consider questions at the threshold, in
limine, before a member applying for his seat
was sworn in. It arose first on charges brought
against members touching their loyalty. The
conclusion to which the committee came after
very careful examination of this question, and
in which they were sustained by the House
over and over again, was this: that as to any
question which touched the constitutional qual-
ification of a gentleman claiming a seat it was
proper that question should be raised at the
threshold before he was sworn in. And it
was decided by the last House, when any mem-
ber, upon his responsibility as a member,
made any charge against any claimant to a seat
that touched his constitutional qualification,
the House, before swearing him in, would refer
the question to the proper committee to report
on it. Beyond that the Committee of Elec-
tions came to the conclusion, and the Ilonse
sustained them, it was not proper to go. That
question of itself was a very delicate one, and
of course might bo carried to such an extent
as to involve great abuse to the rights of per-
sons claiming seats here. But never did that
committee astcthe House to go one inch beyond
the question of the constitutional qualification
of a member, and never did this House decide
that we had the right to go one inch beyond
that question. As to the question whether a
gentleman claiming a seat has heretofore be-
haved in a manner unbecoming a member, 1
think this is the first time it was ever raised on
the floor of the House. I know in reference
to one gentleman coming from the State of
New York—I will not call his name because I
desire to make no reflection—there came pour-
ing into the Committee of Elections statements
about his conduct, and copies of indictments
und other papers of a like character, and that
committee directed the chairman to return
those papers to the gentlemen who had sent
them, and to tell them that was a question be-
tween the member and his constituents; that
if they chose to be represented by this gentle-
man it was not for the Committee of Elections
nor for the House to pass on that question.
Bat, to say upon an ex parte affidavit, taken I
do not know when or where, or how prompted,
that a man coming here upon a proper cer-
tificate shall be stepped at the threshold, and
kept out until the question is settled whethe;
his conduct previous to the election has beei
such as could be commended by us, is going ti
a very dangerous extent, and I do not think
that the House should go to that extent.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
now to state the grounds on which I have as-
sumed my position in this matter. And first
I would say to my eloquent and impulsive friend
from Ohio [Mr. Stevensou] who denounced
this as a partisan proceeding, that I trust we
shall survive the denunciation, because with a
majority of throe fourths nearly in this House,
whether we have one more or one less Demo-
crat never can affect any question, except the
calling of the yeas and nays. It was only
because I conceived it to be my duty that I
have brought before the House this testimony
when it was sent to me—taken I did not know
how, or before whom. But I do know that
four affidavits of non-commissioned officers of
the Army were taken in the usual course, and
swore to what Captain Conner stated at a pub-
lic meeting. And that is the point—not whether
this military commission did right ; I believe
they did right; with witnesses before them
that would not testify I admit they did right;
but whether it shall be published through this
country that a man may get up in a public
meeting and advocate his election on the ground
that he was accused of cruelty only next to
murder, and state that he got rid of the charge
by subornation of perjury, and thus com-
mend himself to his constituents as a reason
why they should send him here. If theHouse
agrees that this maybe done, then let it say so.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to ask
the gentleman if he thinks it would bo a safe
rule for us to say that we can inquire into the
character of a speech which a candidate for
Congress makes as one of the conditions of his
being admitted here?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. To that
I say again that we can inquire into anything
that ought to be inquired into. That is my
proposition. And I go further, and say that if
gentlemen do not consider it proper for us to
inquire whether a man who comes here to take
a seat in this House openly and publicly de-
clared himself to have been guilty of suborna-
tion of perjury in order to clear himself from
the charge of cruelty, then I must say that
those gentlemen have ideas different from mine
as to what ought to be inquired into.
-Mr. STEVENSON. With the gentleman's
permission I would ask him a question.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I cannot
yield now.
Mr. STEVENSON. I want information.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have no
time.
Mr. STEVENSON. I want the gentleman
to inform me 
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I never
should have time to do that.
Mr. STEVENSON. I do not think the gen-
tleman is competent to inform me.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then why
ask me?
Mr. STEVENSON. I begleaveto state—-
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I cannot
yield. I hope to be permitted to proceed with
my remarks. And now I have a word for my
friend from Indiana, [Mr. Orth,] who has
spoken gallantly, as he always does, tor the
young men of the country. Ho wished his
young friend were better. So do I. But I have
: waited in vain to hear hinx say tnat he was
