70
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
of the returns. This is the method adopted in
England, by which they are enabled to take their
census in a single day. The schedules are sent
out in advance, careful instructions and expla-
nations in print accompanying themj so that the
families may read over arid understand them, Or
if they cannotread, then their neighbors who can
read may help them," and in that way they will
be ready to give the desired information when
the enumerator comes round; and it has been
found in practice that the majority of the
schedules have been filled up, so that all the
enumerator has to do is to glance over them,
see that they are correct, and if they are, then
pass on to the next place.
A gentleman in Illinois, who took the enu-
meration in 1860, wrote to the committee that
a careful observation of the time required to
take each family convinced him that he could
not average more than one family in ten min-
utes exclusive of the time required for travel.
Now, in England the time occupied for a family
is not half that amount. The committee be-
lieve that this section will accomplish both (he
objects referred to, and it will insure greater
correctness and wilt fit, the same time reduce
the time and the expense. I should be very
sorry to see this section taken out of the bill
or crippled in its operation.
Mr. KERR. I move to amend by adding to
section ten the following proviso:
Provided, That the Secretary of tlie Interior may
in his discretion dispense with the distribution of
said schedules in such places or districts and to such
classes of persons as he may think expedient.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will say to the
gentleman that if he will make that proviso
apply only to the Territories and the sparsely-
settled districts it would, in my opinion, be very
wise. I have intended to offer precisely such
a proposition; but I should dislike to have
the Secretary of the Interior vested with the
discretion to dispense with this proceeding
altogether.
Mr. KERR. I would very cheerfully extend
this provision specifically to the Territories and
the sparsely-settled portions of the country;
but my intention is that the Secretary of the
Interior shall have the discretion to extend it
wherever else he may think it well to do it.
Mr. Chairman, the result of my observation in
matters of this kind is that the people among
whom papers of this sort are distributed pay
no attention to them whatever, but wait to be
personally called upon by the proper officer
that they may be instructed as to what they
shall do and how to doit. I think every mem-
ber on this floor can testify as to himself that
when papers of this kind are handed to him by
our internal revenue officers he pays very little,
if any, attention to them until he is personally
called upon by the officer whose duty it is to
see that they are filled up.
Now, it is well known to all of us that in
various sections of the country, not alone in the
Territories and sparsely-settled districts, but
in many parts of the country that are most
densely settled, there are large populations to
whom it would be simply a vain labor to dis-
tribute these papers at all. Take, for instance,
the entire colored population of the South.
What good end, what public interest, could be
promoted by handing to them any of these
papers ? They will have in all cases to be per-
sonally called upon by the proper officers and
all these inquiries addressed to them by word of
mouth, and the papers will have to be filled up in
that way. Now, this large labor might at least
be saved if this were left to the discretion of the
Secretary. I think it well to give him that
discretion. I have no fears that it will be
abused, and I think that no effective result
will be overlooked by not distributing these
schedules.
The amendment was again rsad.
Mr. COX. Mr. Chairman, I am compelled
to differ from my distinguished friend from In-
diana as to the motion or suggestion he has
wade, and I hope the gentleman who has
charge of the bill will keep it as it is. My ob-
servation in reference to the sparsely-populated
portions of the country, as well as elsewhere,
leads me to believe that this sort of device of
leaving papers around will save a great deal
of troubleand time to the enumerators. It is
almost impossible for the enumerators to col-
lect this information ' as to the ages, for- in-
stance, of children without giving some notice.
An officer might stand for an hour around one
family without getting any information unless
they were previously advised by the distribution
of these papers.
I thank my friend for making the suggestion
in reference to the negro population. Suppose
these papers are left in the cabins where col-
ored people reside. We know that they will
produce some consternation among them, for
they will be ignorant of the object of the Gov-
ernment in seeking them out; but they will go
to the cabin of some intelligent negro, whom
they may find within a circuit of thirty or forty
miles, and learn from him what is wanted, so
that when the officer comes around again they
will be posted. I think, therefore, that the
illustration of my friend shows the necessity of
having this advice to be given in advance.
In the cabins of the western Territories,
where they have no Bibles with the records of
the ages of the children—a gentleman from
the Territories says that they have Bibles there,
[laughter ;] then in some of the States, if you
please, where they have no Bibles the officer
will save time by giving this advice before-
hand, for by the time lie comes around they
will be able to answer as to the ages of their
children.
I do not know what the practice has been
heretofore in relation to this thing. I presume
it has been that the enumerators have left these
papers in advance, and have afterwards gone
round to take the returns. Well, it ought to
be so. The gentleman says that the papers
are destroyed by the heads of families with
whom they are left just as the assessors'
blanks are destroyed when the returns are being
taken for the internal revenue. Now, Mr.
Chairman, so far as that is concerned, I do not
believe one man in ten destroys tlie flanks left
for the purposes of the internal revenue; and
if in any case they happen to be destroyed
the maij. calls for others. And in order that
we may have the census taken in a proper way,
in order that we may be sure of the work being
done, and not have it slighted by the officer in
his hurry, pushing from place to place and
getting imperfect information, I think the bill
ought to stand as the chairman reported it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I offer an amend-
ment to the amendment of the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Kerr] to which I think the gen-
tleman will agree. I move to strike out all
after the word "schedules" in the amendment
and insert in lieu thereof "in Alaska and the
Territories of the United States;" so that the
amendment would read:
. Provided, That the Secretary of the Interior may
m his discretion, dispense with the distribution of
said schedules m Alaska and the Territories of the
United States.
Mr. JENCKES. I must oppose that amend-
ment, and I shall state my reason for doing so.
If there is any portion of this country in which
we need an accurate enumeration of the peo-
ple it is in the Territories of the United States.
They will be coming here, year after year, for
the next ten years, asking for admission as
States, and unless an accurate general census
is taken_ they will take censuses of their own
and claim that they have a sufficient popula-
tion to be admitted. Every precaution to
secure accuracy, I think, should be taken in
the Territories which is taken in the most pop-
ulous cities, and every care exercised that the
enumeration should be perfectly made. I hope
neither the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Garfield] nor that which it pro-
poses to amend will prevail.
The question being taken on Mr. Garfield's
amendment to Mr. Kerb's amendment, the
committee divided; and there were—ayes
forty-five, noes not counted.
So the amendment to the amendment was
not agreed to.
The question being taken on Mr. Kerr's
amendment, it was not agreed to.
Mr. BENTON, I move to amend the sec-
tion by striking out the word " deliver," in the
third line, and inserting in lieu thereof "cause
to be distributed by mail or otherwise." There
seems, sir, to be a doubt among members
here whether this section would actually re-
quire the enumerator to pass around in person
and make a personal explanation to each
family. Now, if that be the right construction,
and I think the language requires that construc-
tion, it seems to me that it would be most ab-
surd to require these officers to travel over the
same territory twice within fifty days when trav-
eling over it once would answer every purpose.
I predict that in ninety-nine cases out of a
hundred, and I entertain no -question but that
I am correct in the prediction, this work can
be just as well done by mail as by sending an
individual round in person to charge the Gov-
ernment double pay and extraordinary ex-
penses. The friends of the bill profess to be
governed by a strict regard to economy, and
yet they provide here for sending a swarm of
officers through this country to distribute these
papers, and then to pass' over the same terri-
tory again to collect them. That may be wise
and reasonable, but it does not strike me that it
is necessary at all. I know that in some cases
it might be necessary for the officers to go in
person, but, as I said before, in ninety-nine
cases out of a hundred they can do the busi-
ness as well by mail.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I would like to make a
suggestion to the gentleman. I think it would
be well to except the State of New Hampshire.
I think that any man who travels over that
State once ought not to be required to travel
over it a second time. [Laughter.]
Mr. BENTON. The gentleman, who is ac-
customed to the swamps of Illinois, of course
cannot appreciate the grand scenery of New
Hampshire, [Laughter.] I know the gentle-
man has been in New Hampshire, and if he
was at all fortunate he found advantages equal
to any which his own State affords. It seems to
me unnecessary that this extraordinary addi-
tion of work and expense should be incurred.
_ The question being taken on the amendment,
it was disagreed to.
Mr. CULLOM. I move to insert after the
word "trade," in line ten, the words "and
fisheries." *
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move further to amend
by inserting after the words which have just
been added on motion of my colleague [Mr.
Colloji] the following:
* £*5? ito* e ic!l baking association a eopy of the
schedule lor banking associations; and to each banker
or broker a copy of the schedule for bankers and
Brokers; and to each insurance company a copy of
the schedule for insurance companies.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I propose that
the committee allow the gentleman the privi-
lege of turning back to this section hereafter,
should it be necessary, after we have completed
the schedules.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Very well; that will
satisfy me. I think these amendments should
be adopted, and I shall press them at the proper
time.
Mr. WILLARD. I move to amend this
section by striking out "of his application "
and inserting "the application of such per-
son."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. This specific bill applies
only to the taking of the ninth census. Now,
■I suggest that to make each section in itself as
complete as possible it will be better to put in
specific dates rather than to refer to some other
section of the bill. I move, therefore, to amend
