2326
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
authorized to state that these affidavits were
false.
Mr. ORTH. If the gentleman will allow
me I will say that when I used the expression
that I was sorry my young friend was not better
I meant it in a political sense altogether. And
I will further say that I am authorized by
Captain Conner to state that these affidavits
are untrue.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. On that
point I have this to say: Captain Conner called
upon me, aud I read to him the contents of
these affidavits and asked him if they were
true ; and his declaration to me was, "A man
is not responsible for what he says in a polit-
ical speech to get votes." Now, I think he is.
That is the point of difference; and any gen-
tleman who does not think a man is so respons-
ible will vote Captain Conner in. But that is
not the question now. It is not the question
whether A or B shall be put in, but whether
this House shall inquire as to the truth of
charges like these when they are made; whether
we shall stand before the country accused of
allowing any man to como here who on the
stump advocates his election on the ground
that lie committed acts of cruelty toward the
soldiers and then escaped the consequences by
subornation of perjury. That is the question,
aud I hold that these are matters which we can
inquire into. 1 now yield three minutes to my
friend from Illinois, [Mr. Ixgkksoll.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. I hope the House will
not adopt any narrow view in disposing of this
ease. 1 am not prepared to sanction the idea
that Congress cannot inquire into the acts of
any man applying here tinder a certificate of
the Governor of his State for a seat in this
House when he is charged with high offenses.
To tell us that we cannot inquire into a man's
character or his aels, that the certificate shall
bear everything, is, 1 think, to take too high
ground altogether. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] would seem to assume that
this House cannot go back of the certificate of
election.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. My friend will
allow me to say that we may go back of the
certificate in anything that touches the consti-
tutional right ol' a member to a seat.
Mr. INGERSOLL. The gentleman made
that reservation. But let rne state this case :
here is an applicant for a seat holding a cer-
tificate of election; there have been certain
affidavits read to this House which, if true,
present, this applicant as a moral monster. I
hope they arc not true. It becomes the appli-
cant to prove, if he can establish the fact, that
they are absolutely false.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Allow me to ask
my friend if he knows of anything in the Con-
stitution of the United States and the laws
thereof which forbids that a "moral monster"
shall be elected to Congress? [Laughter.]
Mr. INGEltSOLL. Yes, 1 do. [Laughter.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. What is it?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will tell you. I do
believe the people may elect a moral monster
to Congress if they see lit, but I believe that
Congress has a right to exclude that moral
monster from a seat if they see fit.
Nov/, let me go further, and the gentleman
dare not take issue with me on this proposi-
tion,! imagine. Captain Conner, the appli-
cant in this ease, is charged here with the most
heinous offenses. Ho lias made his record, if
these affidavits are true, as the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. OitTil] says, and written it on the
black backs of forty-five soldiers, and a mon-
strous record it is if these affidavits are true. I
am going upon the assumption that what is sworn
to here by officers of the United States Army
is substantially true. I care not whether he
was acquitted by the court-martial or not. I
want to inquire for myself whether this man
was guilty of this monstrous cruelty toward the
unoffending and defenseless soldiers under his
charge or not, and for one, if it be true, I will
never vote to sjumit liim to a, seat here though
every man in his district should vote to send
him here again and again. Now, let me sup-
pose a ease perhaps a little stronger than this
case. 1 am assuming these affidavits to bo
true; I hope they are false.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. I hope the gentleman
from Massachusetts will give me three minutes
more.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Igiveyou
two minutes. [Laughter.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. Suppose that Captain
Conner had found out by a canvass of the voters
of his district that there was a Republican ma-
jority of forty-live against him ; and suppose—
because I can suppose that a man who would
whip men on the bare back, as he is charged
with doing, would do anything to get eiccted to
Congress—suppose that forty live doses of arse-
nic would put forty-five Republican black voters
out of the way, [laughter;] and suppose he had
administered the arsenic, and it was not. known
until after the Governor had iSsued a certifi-
cate; and suppose he came hero and presented
that certificate, and aflidavits were read in the
hearing of the House, charging liim with ad-
ministering arsenic to forty-five men, so that
they died, and consequently could not vole,
aud hence his election by one or two majority,
[laughter;] suppose all that, and would you re-
fuse au inquiry into the truth or falsehood of
those charges? Let the gentleman from Ohio
answer.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. 1 would have
him tried, and if the court found liim innocent
I would admit, him.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Very well. If it is true
that ho whipped these men almost to death
then 1 am against his admission here. It will
not do to admit men here if they are guilty of
these horrible offenses against humanity and
against nature. Let us know whether these
charges are true or false before we admit this
man here.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. How much
time have I left?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has seven
minutes.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. 1 yield
three minutes to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
schexuk.]
Mr. SCIIENCK. Mr. Speaker, I cannot
quite subscribe to what has just been said by
my good-hearted and enthusiastic friend from
Illinois, [Mr. Inuerhom.,] who is about as
violent in his suppositious as he is in his man-
ner of speaking. [Laughter.] It does appear
to me that wo are here under a charter to regu-
late and control our own condnct, aud that we
cannot step outside of it without getting upon
very dangerous ground indeed.
Now, what is the power of each House of
Congress? To judge of the qualifications, re-
turns, and election of its own members. There
is no question made here about the returns;
there is no question made hero about the elec-
tions. But this is supposed to be a question
in regard to the qualifications, or some of the
qualifications, ot the member who it is now
proposed shall be sworn in as a Representative
from Texas. Now I understand by 11 qualifi-
cations" to be intended only constitutional
qualifications, aud they are distinctly laid down
ill that Constitution by which this House is
controlled .-
"No person shall be a Representative who t-huH
not havo attained the age of twenty-five years and
been seven years a citizen of the United States, and
whobhalf not,, when eleeted, bean inhabitantof that
State in which ho shall be cho3en."
I do not understand that it is alleged that
any of these constitutional qualifications are
not possessed by the gentleman who now seeks
to be admitted to a seat upon this floor. What
then? It is proposed that, as he has once been
tried by a court-martial, or a court of inquiry,
the result of which is alleged to be unsatisfac-
tory, because of gome criminal conduct on hig
part, because of hia raborning witnesses, it is
proposed that we shall try the case over again,
and ascertain whether he is a person of proper
moral character to be admitted to a- seat upon
this floor.
Sir, break down the rule of the Constitu-
tion, once say that you can go outside of the
qualifications prescribed by the Constitution
as sufficient to entitle a person to membership,
and where are we1 to stop? Every man who
presents himself here as a member-elect will
be liable to have alleged against him some
crime, some offense against the laws, and
thereupon a trial must be instituted. Every
man presenting himself here to be sworn m,
will, by the force of partisan malignity upon
the one side or the other, probablyhave some-
thing of that kind alleged against him in order
to have him prevented from taking his seat.
And while that may not occur now when the
House is so unequally divided between par-
ties, there may come a time when the House
will be more equally divided, and this course
may bo resorted to in order to prevent there
being added any more to the members of this
I-Ionse of one party or the other.
[Here the hammer fel,'.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. Will the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] allow me
to ask iv question of the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schenok] before he takes his seat?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I cannot
yield.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I wanted to make a single
further remark, if I maybe permitted.
Mr. BUTLI5R, of Massachusetts. Very
well.
Mr. SCHENCK. What I wish to say is that
wo must leave something to the people; anct
when they have settled all these questions by
electing and sending certain persons here,
there remains with us nothing but to accept
their work.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Would the gentleman
admit the murderer of Doctor Crane, of 'Ten-
nessee?
Mr. SHANKS. 1 desire to say a few words.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. How much
time have I left ?
The SPEAKER. There are three minutes
of tlio hour left.
Mr. SHANKS. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I yield to
the gentleman for two minutes.
Mr. SHANKS. The purpose I had in view
in introducing the amendment to this resolu-
tion was to set forth the facts in this case. This
man, .lohn C. Conner, wiih whom I am per-
sonally acquainted, and of whom I do notgive
the character which my colleague [Mr. Ortii]
gives, for 1 once sent him to the Naval Academy
and he was dismissed therefrom for utter worth-
lessness—this man, a sworn officer of the
United States, was sent to the State of Texas,
then in a territorial and rebellious condition,
as a conservator of the peace under the Gov-
ernment oflhe United States, and there becamc
the worst outlaw in the State ; ho not only did
violence to his own soldiers, but also created
the very rebellion ho was sent there to prevent.
I call the attention of the country to the fact
that a sworn military officer of this Govern-
ment himself becomes the first man to raise
his hand and voice against Congress and the
Government that sent him there. Now, Con-
gress owes it to itself and to the country to see
to it that this man, who stands forth as a vio-
lator of the duty he was sworn to perform,
shall not come in here to represent a people
who by those very frauds he has made himself
a Representative of.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Now, one
word in answer to the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Schenck.] I do not propose to take
anything from the people; I propose that the
people, when loyal, shall deal with the entire
choice of Representatives for themselves. But
I fl^ desire that v?heo ft man comas herg
