1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4215
contingency have had that power, that these
conveyances were made before they had re-
ceived patents from the Government, before
they knew of the existence of the patents, I
think it will be clear in the mind of the honor-
able Senator that they had no power to convey.
Mr. HOWE. I ask the Senator, then, if be
thinks he can make it clear to me that they had
no power to convey, whether he thinks he is
likely to make it ciearto the Senate this even-
ing and on this bill?
Mr. BOSS. I suppose the Senate is capa-
ble of judging of that matter for itself. Upon
an examination of the record sent us by the
Interior Department, which contains a com-
plete history of this whole transaction, I think
the Senate will be able to understand that ques-
tion then as well as, or perhaps better than I
do; and I do not see a possibility in my own
mind of any gentleman coining to a different
conclusion from what I have.
Mr. HOWE. Allow me to ask the Senator
if the treaty did not authorize this very band
of Indians, if they chose, to select lands in
severalty?
Mr. ROSS. It did.
Mr. HOWE. Did not tho treaty authorize
patents to be issued to these Indians?
Mr. BOSS. That is not so clear. Admit-
ting, however, that it did authorize the issu-
ance of patents to these Indians, those patents
did not contain the power of alienation, as the
Senate will see on an examination of them.
The patent was made with a condition, and
the condition denied the power of alienation.
But, Mr. President, as it is the desire of the
chairmen of the two committees, and others,
I will withdraw the amendment for the pres-
ent  
Mr. POMEROY. I hope my colleague will
not withdraw it at once.
Mr. ROSS. I will wait to hear my col-
league.
Mr. POMEROY. I wanted to state as briefly
asl could that I think this subject has never been
fully understood by Congress, and I do not
know that it is possible to make it understood
now. The right to legislate for these Indians
is in the treaty. They yielded the right when
they made their old treaty; this is the old
treaty made in 1354. By article twelve of
that treaty an experiment was entered upon ;
it was the first treaty that was ever negotiated
which provided for Indians becoming^ citizens
and taking their lands in severalty.^ That ex-
periment was entered upon in 18oI. ihere
has been no treaty with these Indians that lias
been ratified since. There have been several
made, but I think none ratified. In the twelith
article of this treaty it was provided that—
" If from any cause now not foreseen this instru-
ment should prove insufficient for the advancement,
and protection and welfare and interests ot the
Shawnees, Congress may hereafter by law make such
further provision not inconsistent nerewitn as ex-
perience may prove nccessary to promote tlie intel est,
peace, and happiness of the Shawnees.
This is a large provision giving us any powers
that in the judgment of Congress it may be best
to exercise to promote the welfare of these
Indians. This tribe of Indians are in the nndst
of our settlements, and they are very well
known. A portion of the Shawnees did take
= their lands in severalty and did become eiti-
: zens ; and there has been no trouble in regard
to the title of the lands relating to those lu-
: dians; but a portion of the tribe held their
i lands in common, known in our State as the
Black Bob party. They have not resided since
the war on these lands. They were scattered
, during the disturbances there to a great extent;
l but they owned these lands ; they had had ltn-
I provements upon them, and they madeatrea.y
providing for selling them.
When an Indian makes a treaty to sell us
j land and agrees to it, he thinks lie has sold
f Since that treaty was made these Indians have
. not tried to keep possession and cultivate the
I lands ; but that treaty was not ratified. So it
? became void, and they did not sell. Buttheie
was a provision in the old treaty that under
certaincircumstancescompetent Indians might
take their lands in severalty. There are less
than thirty adult males among the whole of this
band, among whom are some incompetent
ones; then there are the children and the
women. There is a manifest impropriety in
allowing them to take their lands in severalty,
and get patents, thinking they could support
themselves and maintain themselves as against
a white settlement. It cannot be done. They
were poor and distressed, and some of them
did make selections ; and I have heard—I do
not kiiow the facts about it—but I understand
they sold their selections and received some
money.
The patent was not a perfect title. It was
a perfect title to the Indian, but it was not a
title that he could convey. It was a good title
to him for the land, but it was not a title that
he could alienate. Many of them have sold,
nevertheless, and sent on the sales to the De-
partment for ratification. I understand they
have not been ratified and approved. That is
my understanding about it. There is the diffi-
culty about it.
Sir. HOWE. Do I understand the Senator
to say that the title to these lands was vested
in the Indians in severalty?
-Mr. POMEROY. Not these lands ; not at
all. This Black Bob laud hold in common ;
they never did hold in severalty.
Mr. HOWE. Never did make selections?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir; some portion
have made selection since.
Mr. HOWE. How many?
Mr. POMEROY. Some seventy, I under-
stand. There are less than thirty adult males
of the band, and there have been seventy selec-
tions, I understand. My colleague knows bet-
ter.
Mr. ROSS. I will here state that no selec-
tions have ever been made by these Indians
in severalty, as I shall be ready to prove.
Mr. POJ1EROY. Pretended selections, then.
Mr. ROSS. Selections have been made for
them by other parties, but without their knowl-
edge oi consent.
Mr. POMEROY. I am not here to justify
the conduct of these parties. I do not know
wkaL the facts are in regard to the details of
these patents. 1 know this, however, that it
is a common tiling for the Department when
they have patented a piece of land, even to a
preemptor, if Uiey find a mistake or a fraud
about it to e.ineel tin; patent. The Depart-
ment have done it in innumerable instances.
Fraud or mistake vitiates any patent, and it is
in the power ot' the Department to cancel it;
and if there has been any patent issued here
fraudulently or wrongfully, as the Senator from
Kentucky says—and he has investigated the
matter more than I have—the Department can
cancel it, because it has not been a patent
under which the Indian could sell the land
without the Department's approval; and until
that takes place it is in the power of the
Department to cancel it.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator explain to
me just how it is that the Department of the
Interior, aftur a patent has been issued to me
by the President of the United states, and I
have got it in my possession, can cancel that
patent?
Mr. POMEROY. I happen to^ know that
the Department does it when it finds that it
has made a mistake in it.
Mr. HOWE. I cannot dispute that it does
it, because the Senator says so ; but I want to
know how it is done.
Mr. POMERO Y. If the Senator from \\ is-
consin had known as many cases as we have
had in our State, where patents have been can-
celed on a discovery of fraud or mistake, he
would not doubt it. For instance, they some-
times say the northeast quarter when they in-
tended the southeast quarter, or something of
that kind; and where there has been a mistake
or a fraud, till I know about it is that they do
cancel a patent, right or wrong. But that
question is not in this controversy, and I do
not care to go into it. What I want to say is
that it is of infinite importance to these settlers
that this title be quieted. I know very well
that nothing can quiet a title at the end of the
route but the courts 
Mr. DAVIS. If the honorable Senator from
Kansas will permit me, I will say to the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin that these patents were'
issued without the authority of law, and he
does not require to be told that a patent issued
without the authority of law is void.
Mr. HOWE. No, Mr. President, I do not
need to be told that; but the Senator from
Kentucky might know that the point upon
which he and 1 differ is that I need a little
more authority for the statement that these
patents were issued without authority of law.
Mr. DAVIS. Tho honorable Senator from
Kansas before me [Mr. Ross] proposes to
withdraw his amendment, that the matter may
be examined deliberately and well understood
by the Senator from Wisconsin and by other
Senators.
Mr. HOWE. That is very proper.
Mr. POMEROY. I want also to make a
further statement, that these settlers who went
on this reservation were not trespassers in the
ordinary sense of the term, for the reason that
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, after the
treaty to which I have referred was made but'
was not ratified, issued a circular which was
sent out and was notice _ to everybody that a
treaty was pending in which the rights of set-
tlers would be protected and preserved on these
lands; and encouragement was given in that
circular, and the opinion of the Commissioner
was expressed, that the rights of settlers would
bo respected. I do not know that he had the
right to issue that circular, but he did write it
and it was sent out, and under that circular
men did make settlements. They did not drives
off anybody, because there was nobody on.
They made valid, bona fide settlements, and
there is not to-day a quarter section of the
twenty-three thousand acres on which there is
not a white man cultivating and improving it,
or a man of some color, white or black. I
mean to say that it is occupied, and the occu-
pancy is unmolested. There is not a contro-
versy, there is not a contest about the occu-
pancy. .
Now, Mr. President, what is of infinite
importance is to quiet the titles, settle them,
and let the Indians have a reasonable com-
pensation for the land, which I agree with my
colleague is $2 50 an acre, and let the ques-
tion in controversy be settled. Congress, by
any law it may pass, cannot prevent a lawsuit.
If parties have a title or a shadow of title which
they want to contest the courts are open to
them; and ultimately these parties, some or
all of them, will be in the courts, there is no
doubt; but we can quiet the matter in behalf
of the settlers by passing the amendment pro-
posed by my colleague. I am only sorry that
the proposition is not in a bill by itself. lain
only sorry that it is not a proposition standing
on its own merits, because in that case it would
receive, I think, almost the unanimous vote
of the Senate, and if it is defeated now it will
be because it is proposed on an appropriation
bill, and my colleague feels as if he must con-
sent to its withdrawal; but the proposition
itself, standing alone on its merits, could not
be defeated, I am sure, in this Senate.
The presiding officer, (Mr. Ed-
mttxjds in the chair.) Docs the Senator from
Kansas withdraw the amendment?
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President 
Mr. ROSS. Does the Senator from Iowa
desire to speak upon this amendment?
Mr. HARLAN. Not if the Senator from
Kansas withdraws it. ^'tfcHraw
Mr ROSS. I have consented to withdraw
this amendment simply that it may not em-
barrass the bill now under consideration, and
at the earnest request of the chairmen of both
