1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2327
accused, of crime the charge shall be investi-
gated. 1 do not think such investigation will
ever exclude any good man, though it may ex-
clude some who are not of that class. All I
ask is that this case shall be investigated; and
I tell gentlemen that the country will not per-
mit us to shield ourselves behind any imagin-
ary rule. Are we only to judge whether a
man claiming a seat here has attained the re-
quisite age, has acquired the necessary resi-
dence in the State from which he comes, and
has received a majority of the legal votes?
Have we not claimed and exercised the right
to judge of a man's loyalty when he presents
himself for admission as a member? And can
we not judge whether he is a felon, a felon on
his own confession? I do not propose that we
.shall retry the case which has been tried by
the court-martial, but that wo shall ascertain
whether this man is not, by his own confession,
guilty of subornation of perjury.
For one, I have done my duty. I have laid
(lie affidavits before the House. I have asked
that the facts be investigated. I have no knowl-
edge of the character or career of this man
before he came here. I do not desire to take
Miy partisan view of his case. I have endeav-
ored to present the facts exactly as they are.
Whoever wishes to shield himself behind any
technicality in voting on this question may
do so.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BURR. I desire to yield to the gentle-
man from Maine, [Mr. Hale,] my colleague
on the Committee of Elections.
The SPEAKER. For how long?
Mr. BURR. I will not limit him; but before
lie proceeds I will make a single suggestion. I
had desired to say something on this subject,
but I now see no occasion to do so, aud feel
no disposition to mingle in the debate, being
satisfied with the shape the question has
assumed. At the conclusion, therefore, of the
remarks of the gentleman from Maine I pro-
pose to call the previous question unless some
gentleman should wish to follow him.
Mr. HALE. Mr. Speaker, as I understand
the position of this case, the Committee of
Elections has reported upon the cases of all
four of the members-elect from the State of
Texas, recommending in effect, that they be
sworn in. This report, of course, relates only
to the prima facie right. If there is any con-
test in any district of Texas the proper papers
will doubtless be filed, and will be referred
to the Committee of Elections, who will hear
the case. But the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Shaxks] proposes an amendment provid-
ing that the House shall now send the case of
one of these members to the Committee of
Elections, to decide whether or not (here is a
prima facie case. The credentials of all these
members-elect are in the same form._ If they
give to any of these gentlemen the right to be
sworn in, all of them are equally entitled to be
sworn in. Affidavits are presented with refer-
ence to a single case; and on the basis of those
affidavits it is asked that one member shall be
kept out, and that he shall be again sent before
the Committee of Elections on his prima facie
case.
As has been asked by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] where is this thing to
end? Any member may be elected to this
House after a heated partisan contest, and,
with his credentials in regular form, may pro-
scut- himself here to be sworn in; but upon
affidavits brought here, it may be from dis-
appointed candidates, or from men who are
interested in keeping him out, he may be put
to the expense of a contested election? If
such is to be the practice, what member can
count upon being sworn in upon his creden-
tials ill legal form, without being subjected to
attack upon his personal character? As the
gentleman from Ohio has said, wo must in
iheso matters leave something to the people.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] asks whether this House cannot in-
quire into the question of a man's character,
his fitness to occupy a seat here. The answer
is that the Committee of Elections can exam-
ine into all such questions in any case that
is before them. In this ease of the second
district of Texas, if there is a contestant, if
there is a case against Captain Conner, let the
papers be brought forward and let them be
referred to the Committee of Elections. Let
them hear it as a contested-election case, and
if Captain Conner is disqualified for any rea-
son, whether constitutional or otherwise, let
them report accordingly. Then let the case
be decided on that report.
I wish to say for the Committee of Elec-
tions that all these papers read to the House
we knew nothing of; that they are entirely
unknown to the Committee of Elections. There
has been an attack upon the personal charac-
ter of this man. I say that it is not the place
in this House to settle that matter.
Another thing ; I do not agree in dividing
up an ordinary prima facie case; that is, to
have the Committee of Elections decide on
the ordinarily prima facie case and then on
the contest itself. This House must pass
on the credentials of members referred to ihe
Committee of Elections upon the reportofthe
prima facie case of the gentlemen claiming
seats upon this floor. If in every case of a
member whose seat is contested you divide it
up and make the committee investigate and
report first on the prima facie case and then
on the contested-election case, you will need
a much larger Committee of Elections than
you have now, and with the large number of
election cases that are usually present it will
even then be almost impossible for them to
get through with the work,
Mr. BURR. I will yield now for ten min-
utes to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Steven-
son,] my colleague on the Committee of Elec-
tions, and then, after yielding some few min-
utes to other gentlemen, I shall call for the
previous question.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. Speaker, I should
not have troubled the House further on this
question but from the fact that the Committee
of Elections, who report this matter, have been
taken off the floor and the matter has been
taken charge of by the gentleman who gen-
erally take8 charge of everything that belongs
to anybody else. [Laughter.] That gentle-
man refused to answer a question from me.
It was a pertinent question ; the only question
which is pertinent in this case. I wished to ask
the gentleman from Massachusetts one single
pertinent question, and that was, whether, if
all ho charged in this case were true, that would
be good ground in law for denying the right
to a seat of the charged party? The gentleman
would not answer.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Do you
want an answer?
Mr. STEVENSON. You cannot answer;
you said you could not. [Laughter.] That is
what I wanted you to answer. I want to answer
it now myself, as the gentleman said he could
not. I say it has no pertinency whatever. No
matter what a man may have done, unless he
is subject to the fourteenth amendment, it can
have no pertinency to the question here, it
we are, before a man is admitted, to inquire
into his general conduct, into his moral char-
acter and humanity before he was elected, so
as to keep him out of his seat, then it follows
wc may, after he is admitted, inquire into these
questions. Then we may take up the ease of
any gentleman in his seat now upon the floor
and inquire what he has done during ail th*:
days of his life which are past, and it we mid
he has ever done anything which in our judg-
ment is wrong, then we may turn him out.
Not only may we turn him out if found guilty,
but we may suspend his functions: and it
anybody brings here affidavits, es parti flfti-
i davits, taken in Virginia or in New Orleans or
in Texas, making charges against a member
of this House, we may oust him from his seat
and try him on those charges.
I wish gentlemen to consider how far this mat-
ter may go. I have heard some of the most
outrageous charges against several honorable
gentlemen. I do not believe them. I do not
believe any member of this House ever took a
minister of the Gospel and chained liim in a
chain-gang with negroes "and made them all
work together like slaves. . I do not believe it.
I do not believe any member of this House
carried away t.he treasures of a whole city. I
do not believe it. It is false, if anybody says
it; and I for one would spurn with contempt
the man who would come here asking us to
try such a question. But, if we must try this
question, then wo may try not only that but all
other questions. If we may keep this man
out wc may put others out. I only state this
to show how utterly absurd, how ridiculous
such a proceeding is.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I wish to say that on the
main point I think the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts is more ingenious in assumption than
in the proof on which he founds his case. His
case is without foundation. Mr. Conner does
not admit in this speech, which he is said to
have made in Texas, that the charges were
true. Nor does he admit that he was guilty
of subornation of perjury, or anything of the
kind. The most that he admits is that he caused
soldiers to bo flogged. Now, I want to know
if there are not many other officers of the Army
who have caused soldiers to be bucked and to
bo flogged? I understand that it is a very
common practice. I do not justify it. It is
wrong, but 
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman allow me to interrupt him ?
Mr. STEVENSON. No, sir; I believe in
lex ialionis.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I gave
you five minutes and you will not give me any.
Mr. STEVENSON. Sir, the gentleman from
Massachusetts robbed the Committee of Elec-
tions of the whole time, and gave back five
minutes when he should have given an hour.
He "gave" sir! Why, he took the whole time.
Now, Mr. Speaker, that was all that Mr.
Conner admitted that he did—that he caused
soldiers to be whipped. And, I ask, who has
commanded in an army without causing sol-
diers to be punished? If there is any man
who has I believe his soldiers would not think
much of him. It requires some grit to com-
mand men. I never heard the charge ol ex-
treme humanity brought against the gentleman
from Massachusetts. He says further, that he
met the-ie forty-five witnesses who bad becu
brought four hundred miles to prove these
charges, and that he treated them with tickets
to the circus; and that after ho gave them the
tickets to the circus they did not remember
that they had ever been whipped. Now, I have
fo say that these forty-five men could not have
been very badly whipped, or else they have so
little self-respect that they are hardly worth
talking about, if tickets to the circus made them
forget their punishment. I suppose the truth
of the matter is that these charges were gotten
up—as I understand many such charges are
gotten up in the Army, and no doubt thegeii-
tlemant'rom Massachusetts knows exactly how
that is—maliciously and deliberately to injure
the man.
Now, there is another thing which appears
in this statement. Mr. Conner said that he
had made an effort to procure an investigation
and at last procured it. Why! he procured
this investigation himself. Boy as he was tie
met the charges like a man.
Mr. Speaker, I have one word more to say.
I do not justify cruelty to any, much less o
colored men. I despise that sentiment which
causes one man to tyrannize over another: Dut
let us beware what rule we adopt. If weadop.
jt (he rule that no man shall sit m this House
