18(39.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
n
this section by striking out the words "day
nxed tor taking the census* * and inserting, ia
lieu thereof the wQrds "1st day of June. 1870."
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Ihopethegen-
tleman will withdraw that amendment. The
committee prepared thip bill so that if ten years
trom now Congress should choose to adopt it
tor the next census it could be done by a sim-
ple joint, resolution and not require any change
pt the provisions of this bill. , Itis simply verb-
iage which, makes it more convenient for that
purpose.
Mr.MA.YN AIID. The reason I offered this
amendment was that from my own experience
in reading this bill I found its provisions very
inconvenient and requiring some considerable
examination to enable me to comprehend them.
1 think that it would be better to put in the
precise date in this and the next section rather
than to use this periphrasis.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment ot Mr. M ayxard ; and it was not agreed to.
No further amendment was offered.
The next section was then read, as follows:
Sbo. 11. And be it further enacted. That it shall bo
the duty of each enumerator, in tho course of the
month succeeding the day fixed i'or taking the eonsus,
to visit personally each family, form, miumlacturiiiK,
lnocbameal and mining establishment, storo or trad-
ing establishment, m his subdivision, and having
ascertained, iroin tlie occupier, owner, manager, or
responsible agent, whether the schedule or schedules
pioyiuea lor the preceding section have boon filled,
hp shall proceed* m the prcsenc© of the ownor, occu-
pier, in imager, agent or other responsible person, to
read and verify tho same, and, in caso of defoct, to
revise and correct tho same; and in caso the said
schedule or schedules have been mislaid, lest, or
neglected, he shall obtain from some member of oneli
family, if any can lie found cnpahlo of Kivina tho
information, but if not, then of tho agent or other
acquaintance of tho family, full answers to all tho
inquiries relating to families and tho members thereof
required by law; and ho shall obtain from tho most
trustworthy sources all information required by law
concerning every farm, mill, shop, mine, store, and
other establishment, institution, or place in his dis-
trict, and when, in either case, the information is
obtained and ontered on tho scheduled, he shall im-
mediately read the same to the person or persons
furnishing tho facts, to correct errors and supply
omissions, if any shall exist.. Ho shall also, as often
as once in five days during tho month in which tho
enumeration is made, transmit by mail or in person
to the district superintendent in his district tho re-
turns of statistic* obtained by him, and before ho
transmits said returns ho shall affix his signature to
each paproof thosamo, and shall certify that they aro
well and truthfully made, according to law, and all
his returns shall bo so transmitted within ten days
after the date fixed for the completion of tho enu-
meration. lie shall not disclose any of tho inform-
ation which he may obtain in accordance with law to
any person or persons cxce«t his superior officers, nor
shall it be lawful to uso said information, or any part
thereof, as evidence in any court, for or affftinst any
person furnishing the same to tho enumerator, except
as provided in section fourteen of this act.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to amend
by inserting in line five after tho word " estab-
lishment" the word " fishery."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I wish also to
make a verbal amendment—a correction of a
clerical error—in the seventh line.
Mr. CONGER. Before the gentleman pro-
ceeds further I would like to make a suggestion.
I do not find in this bill any provision in regard
to the statistics of tho lumber trade, a very im-
portant branch of business.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio./fhat will come
under the head of manufacturing industry.
Mr. CONGER. No, sir; there is a very
large quantity of lumber, square timber and
timber of various kinds, that would not come
under the head of manufactures.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. At any rate, this
is not the proper place to correct any omission
of that kind if such an omission exists. When
we come to the schedules, if the gentleman
should find these matters are not included and
will offer an amendment to include them I
certainly shall not object.
Mr. CONGER. I call the attention of the
gentleman also to the fact that these schedules
make no mention of petroleum, rock oil, &c.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The mining
statistics I think will embrace those subjects ;
if not we can supply the omission at the proper
time.
Mr. CON.GER. More than that; there is
no mention of wild game, fur, and peltries.
Mr, GAIlFIElil), of Ohio. I doubt whether
we can in this matter go into the question: of the
hunter's skill, but all such questions will prop-
erly comc up hereafter. I move a verbal
amendment to correct tho text of tho section
by inserting at the end of the seventh line the
word "in."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The amendment
of the gentleman from Rhode Island [Mr.
JenckesJ already adopted requires that there
shall be added to this section a clause which he
hjis drafted, and I move to amend by adding
the following;
In districts where special deputies shall have been
appointed they shall severally perform the duties
rcquirod of the enumerators by this scction in the
collection of statistical information called for by this
act.
The amendment was agreed to,
Mr. WILKINSON. I move in the twenty-
fourth line to strike out the words " in accord-
ance with law" and to insert in lieu thereof
the words "in pursuance of this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move the following,
to come in as an additional section;
Sun. —. Andbeit further enacted, That tho Superin-
tendent of tho Census shall requiro and obtain from
oach and every banking association in tho United
States and Territories thereof full statistics of the
condition and business of each of said associations
for tho year ending tho 1st of June, 1870; and said
snporintondent shall require and obtain from each
and ovcry insurance company in the United States
and Territories thereof full statistics of the condition
and business of eaoh of said insurance companies for
tho year eliding tho 1st of June, 1S70; and ho shall
also requiro anil obtain from each banker and broker
and from each express and telesraph company full
statistics of the business of such banker, broker, and
oxpross and telegraph company lor tho year ending
on tho 1st of Juno, 1870.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope my friend
will withhold his amendment mini wo reach
section twenty-seven, where things just like
this siro provided for. To insert it here will
mar the hill.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do not wish to spoil
the harmony of tho bill, aud I will therefore
withdraw my amendment.
The Clerk read section twelve, as follows;
Sue:. 12. And be it further enncted. Thatany district
siipemitoiidcut or umtmcrator who, havini? taken
ami subscribed tho oath required by this act, shall,
without justifiable o,iu«e, nefrlect or rofuso to por-
forra tho duties enjoined on him by this act, or shall,
without, the authority of the superintendent, com-
municate to any person not authorized to rcoeivothc
same any statistics of proporty or business included
in lus return, shall bo deemed guilty of a misde-
meanor, ami upon conviction shall forfeit tho sum
oi $n()0; or it ho shall willfully make a false oath it
shall bo deemed perjury; or if lie shall willfully
make (also cei tifieates or fictitious returns he shall
Ijh deemed Kmlty of a misdemeanor; and upon con-
viction ot either of the last-named offenses ho shall
forfeit and pay a sum not exceeding $5,000 and be
impiisonod not exceeding two years.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to amend that
section by striking out the words "shall will-
fully make a false oath it shall be deemed
perjury," and inserting in lieu thereof the
words "shall knowingly or willfully swear or
affirm falsely shall he deemed guilty of perjury,
and on conivetion thereof shall be subject to
the penalty of perjury now provided hy law."
I call attention to the fact that the words
" knowingly or corruptly" are always inserted
in the laws defining the crime of perjury. It
has been omitted here, I have no doubt, through
inadvertency.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. This is precisely
the language of the old law.
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir. Thelawofx825
uses the words "knowingly and willfully."
Mr. JENCKES. I call the attention of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bixgham] to the
fact that in his amendment he has not quoted
the statute correctly.
Mr. BINGHAM. To which statute does the
gentleman refer?
Mr. JENCKES. If this amendment passed
it would be entirely ineffectual, because there
are tliree statutes of the United States which
punish willful and false swearing. It is neces-
sary, in order that an indictment may stand,
that the crimes shall be distinctly specified.
The statute to which I suppose-the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] intends .to' refer is
that of 1790. . ' ,
Mr. BINGHAM. No. I refer to the act
of 1825. It did not occur to me-that there.was
any but one general penalty running through
the existing statutes for the crime of perjury.
If there be different penalties prescribed for
the crime of perjury in the laws of the United
States now in force it has escaped my observa-
tion. If such be the case that part of the
amendment can be corrected.
Mr. JENCKES. There is a different pun-
ishment; and it is a somewhat singular thing,
and I call the attention to it of the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] as chairman of the
Committee on the Judiciary, that this contra-
diction should have been allowed to stand in
bur system of criminal laws for so long a
period.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am willing to modify
my amendment so as to make it read, "on
conviction thereof shall be subject to impris-
onment for a period of not more than one year
and not less than five years."
Mr. JENCKES. I move to' amend the
amendment by substituting the penalty pro-
vided by the act of 1790, " subject to impris-
onment for a period not exceeding three years,
and a fine not exceeding $800."
Mr. BINGHAM. I accept that.
Mr. JENCKES. The actof 1790 is the only
one that defines perjury. The act of 1825
defines false swearing and provides a different
punishment. A further punishment provided
is that the offender shall stand in the pillory
for a period not exceeding one hour.
Mr. BINGHAM. We do not want that part
of it.
The question being taken on Mr. Bing-
ham's amendment modified by the substitution
of the words taken from the act of 1790, it was
agreed to.
Mr. STRICKLAND. I move to amend the
section as follows:
In lino nino strike out the word "of" and insert
in lieu thereof the words "not oxecedini?;" and
strike out tho word " the " and insert " a."
The effect of this is that for a fixed penalty
of $500 I would substitute as a penalty "a
sum not exceeding $500." It. is obvious that
all ofifenses will not be equal ; but the penalty
is fixed and positive—$500, irrespective of any
distinction in the offenses.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. There is no
objection to that. n
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to insert after the
word "willfully," in the eleventh line, the
words "and knowingly;" so that it will read
" or if he shall willfully and knowingly make
false certificates or fictitious returns," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JENCKES. I move to insert after the
word "superintendent," in lino two, the words
" special deputy so that it will read:
Srcc. 12. And be it further enacted. That any district
superintendent, special deputy, or enumerator who
having taken and subscribed the oath required by
I this act shall without justifiable cause ncglect or
1 retuBo to perform the duties enjoined on him by this
' act, <tc.
The amendment was agreed to.
I The Clerk read the next section, as follows:
! Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That if any dis-
i triet superintendent shall by any arrangoment or
> understanding whatever secure to himself any fee,
I reward, or compensation as a consideration for tho
; employment of any person as enumerator, or shall
1 m any way secure to himself any part of the com-
I pensation provided in this act for the services of any
j enumerator, he shall be deemed guilty of a misde-
meanor, and on conviction shall be fined not less
than $500 nor more than $3,000, in the discretion of
the court.
Mr. UPSON. I more to amend the first
