1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1383
kind, no' by the salary attached to his office,
but by the achievements of his sword. It is
not necessary either to increase his salary or
to take his salary away in order to continue
to him hereafter the popular respect he now
enjoys. It seems to me, as I said at the outset,
that this is too small a matter to j ustify so
much debate. I think we may as well proceed
to take t'ue vote.
Mr. DAWES. I desire simply to say that
unless we can by a general understanding
curtail debate on this bill I shall be obliged to
ask the House to close debate on the whole
bill. That would be a most unpleasant duty ;
yet we have been engaged for a week in debat-
ing two pages of the bill.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Let us
vote.
The amendment of Mr. Washbtxrn, of Wis-
consin, was not agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I move
to amend the pending paragraph so as to read
as follows:
For compensation of Private Secretary, assistant
secretary, (who shall be a short-hand writer,) two
executive clerks, at $2,300 each, steward, and mes-
senger of the President of the United States, $13,440.
Mr. BOOTS. Is this the "economy" of ;
which the gentleman has been speaking? !
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. As gen-
tlemen on both sides of the House seem to be j
so liberal in regard to appropriations, I pre- j
sume there will be no objection to this amend-
ment ; and I will not occupy time in explain-
ing it.
Mr. DAWES. I suggest tbat now, before
the taking of the vote on this amendment, is
the appropriate time for the gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Poland] to offer the amend-
ment he has heretofore suggested in reference
to the pay of the messenger. If $13,440 should
be agreed to as the amount of the appropri-
ation for this item it could not afterward be
changed.
Mr. POLAND. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out" $13,440" and inserting in
lieuthereof" $13,800." This is in accordance
with an understanding we had the other day j
that the pay of this messenger should be raised
from $840 to $1,200.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I accept
that as a modification of my amendment.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Department of State:
For compensation of the Secretary of State, two
Assistant Secretaries of State, for chief clerk, eight
clerks of class four, additional to one clerk of class
four as disbursing clerk, eight clerks of class three,
three clerks of class two, three clerks of class one,
one messenger, one assistant messenger, nine labor-
ers, and four watchmen, $63,300.
Mr. KELSE Y. I move to amend by adding
to the paragraph just read the following:
Two clerks of class four, to make indexes of the
records of the State Department, and one clerk of
class three, $5,200.
This addition to the clerical force in the
State Department is asked for by the Secretary
of State. The two clerks to make indexes are,
I know, necessary. It was my fortune to call
at the State Department some time last fall
and to inform the Secretary of what I supposed
was very generally known among those having
business with tbat Department, that there were
no alphabetical indexes of the records there.
The Secretary thought I was entirely mistaken
about it, but he seems now to have found out
that he does need indexes to his Department,
and he accordingly asks for these two clerks ;
and I am willing he should have them. A clerk
of the third class is needed to edit the Com-
mercial Relations, a work which has been sus- j
pended during the last year for want of the ;
necessary clerical force to carry it on. j
Mr. Chairman, in my judgment the House ;
should strike out one of these Assistant Secre- |
taries of State. The man who holds the place
is exceedingly obnoxious to all loyal men, for,
as I understand, during the war his house was
the headquarters of all the rebels in this city,
and that no more malignant rebels could be
found than his own family, althought his own
language did not bring him within that class,
while at the same time his sympathy was well
known to be in the same direction with that of
his family.
Mr. JENCKES. I ask to correct the gen-
tleman from New York in the statement which
he has just made. I know the gentleman to
whom he refers personally, and I knew him
during the whole period of time which he has
indicated.
Mr. COX. To whom does the gentleman
from New York refer?
Mr. JENCKES. I knew him during the
whole period of the war, and if there was a
loyal man then in this city it was certainly the
gentleman to whom he has referred.
Mr. KELSE Y. Was not his house the head-
quarters for the rebels in this city, and were
not his own wife and family the most outspoken
of all the rebels here ?
Mr. JENCKES. No, sir; they were not.
Mr. KELSEY. Then I am happy to hear it.
Mr. JENCKES. The gentleman has been
most incorrectly informed. Some slanderer
must have been at his ears to poison his mind.
Mr. KELSEY. I have heard the statement
made so often, and never heard it contra-
dicted, that I began to believe that it was so.
Mr. JENCKES. I have the pleasure, then,
of contradicting it now upon certain knowl-
edge, some of which is my own.
Mr. KELSEY. I am happy to be corrected.
Mr. WELKER. Who is it to whom the
gentleman from New York refers?
• Mr. KELSEY. I shall not give his name
to go upon the record, as I have raised the
question merely for the purpose of ascertain-
ing, if I could, what really was that man's
status.
Mr. BANKS rose.
Mr. DAWES. There is so much confusion
we cannot hear what is going on.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentlemen will come
to order.
Mr. BANKS. I wish to move an amend-
ment.
Mr. KELSEY. I have the floor. Under
the information of the gentleman from Rhode
Island that my information as to this officer
was not correct, I shall not move to strike out
this Assistant Secretary of State; but, sir, I
do ask the House to give these additional
clerks to that Department^ because they are
asked for, and because I know they are neces-
sary, in which opinionlam sustained, Ibelieve,
by a majority of the Committee on Appropria-
tions, though there has been no vote in that
committee on the subject.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BANKS. I rise for the purpose of sus-
taining the amendment, and I hope it will be
adopted by the House. The clerks provided
for are necessary in order to answer calls for
information on the part of this House. I can-
not, however, agree with the gentleman from
New York in regard to the Assistant Secretary
of State ; but as that subject is not now before
the House I will not discuss it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For miscellaneous items, $2,500.
Mr. AXTELL. I move to strike that out;
and I desire to call the attention of the com-
mittee to the peculiarity of the language used,
as well as to the extravagance of the amounts
of the appropriations under the head of the
"Department of State:"
For stationery, furniture, fixtures, and repairs,
$3,500.
For miscellaneous items, $2,500.
For books and maps, $1,500.
For extra clerk hire and copying, $10,000.
For contingent expenses, namely: rent, fuel, lights,
repairs, labor, and miscellaneous expenses, $30,000.
There really seems to be two appropriations
for miscellaneous expenses. There are " mis-
cellaneous items, $2,500." Then there are
"miscellaneous aud contingent expenses,
$30,000." After enumerating extra clerk
hire—two more clerks being added—after
the proof-reader, after all the items that can
be enumerated or brought under any distinct
head, then we have "miscellaneous items"
and" miscellaneous expenses" and "contin-
gent expenses." I will ask gentlemen if any
private corporation or busienss association of
private individuals would expect from their
clerk or manager a statement of the expenses
reaching forty or fifty thousand dollars cov-
ered by miscellaneous items, miscellaneous
expenses, contingent expenses, clerk hire, and
additional clerk hire? Although this is the
diplomatic Department of the Government we
cannot allow it to exhaust the vocabulary of
indefinite words in order to smuggle in large
appropriations, reaching a total of $167,000.
It will not do to allow one Department under
these vague terms to use all this money with-
out authority of law. These various expendi-
tures, miscellaneous expenses, miscellaneous
items, extra clerk hire, and contingent ex-
penses, ought certainly to be brought under
one head. If this were done it would thereby
be shown that the expenditure of this office is
more than double what the executive depart-
ment of my own State requires in a year to
transact the entire public business of that
great State. Here for one office an appro-
priation is sought of $167,200, and a large
proportion of that amount is consumed by
items which cannot be expressed in other than
these vague and general terms. I desire that
the country shall understand the kind of econ-
omy that we have been treated to ; that of the
$331,000,000 asked for the expenses of this
Government in times of profound peace $50,000
are frittered away under the head of miscel-
laneous items, miscellaneous expenses, con-
tingent expenses, extra clerk hire, and other
items which are not put down in such a way
that it can be distinctly ascertained how they
are expended. I say that such expenditures
are not made according to law, because no law
can apply to such estimates. I desire to say
in conclusion that we will have to go to the
people, by our tax-gatherers, for this money,
and that it is a vain delusion to think that we
can obtain it from the Government Printing
Office.
Mr. DAWES. I rise for the purpose of say-
ing to the gentleman from California [Mr.
Axtell] that the "miscellaneous items" in
the three hundred and thirteenth line refer to
the expenditures connected with the distribu-
tion of documents to the consulates and the
transactions of the State Department with the
consulates and foreign ministers. The " mis-
cellaneous expenses" at line three hundred
and eighteen are confined to the expenses of
the Department here, the management of the
building, and all the expenses there incurred.
The Committee on Appropriations have en-
deavored to make the appropriations in this
bill more specific than ever before, so that a
given sum may be appropriated for each par-
ticular expenditure in each Department. That
is the reason why, in connection with the duties
of the State Department in regard to the for-
eign service, there has been put in an appropri-
ation for "miscellaneous items." But when
we come to the ordinary contingent expenses
of the Department, then we put in the ordinary
phrase, "for contingent expenses."
Mr. AXTELL. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. COX. Before the amendment is with-
drawn I wish to say one word. I think justice
ought to be done to the State Department. I
desire to say to my friend from California,
[Mr. Axtell,] at the risk of appearing to be
in antagonism with him, that whatever maybe
the profligacy which now belongs to the other
Departments of the Administration, I do not
believe the State Department is obnoxious to
any of these charges. I do not believe the
State Department during the last five or six
years has been obnoxious to the charge of prof-
ligate expenditure. 1 think if the other Depart-
