1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3271
Mr. HOAR. Then the minority eauprevent
action on this bill until Monday morning.
l'he SPEAKER. It is a question of phys-
ic#! endurance, it" the minority insist upon their
right to make these dilatory motions.
Mr. MAYNAKD. I wish to make a propo-
sition to the House. I have sustained this bill
at every stage, and voted with its friends on
every motion. It is manifest that its opponents
do not intend to let it pass this evening. I
largest, therefore, we allow the question to go
over until Monday next. The debates will be
reported in the Globe, and in the mean time we
can read them, and inform ourselves ou the
subject.
Mr. RANDALL. N either debate nor amend-
ment has been allowed to this bill.
Mr. DICKEY. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry. The gentleman from New York has
asked to be excused from voting on the final
passage of this bill. I understand he is paired
with the gentleman from Maine. Does that
excuse them both ?
The SPEAKER. The House can take no
cognizance of pairs. That is a matter between
the members themselves.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I make a point that
debate is out of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not enter- ,
tain the motion of the gentleman to be excused
from voting on the final passage of this bill,
as that motion is not now before the House.
Nor does the Chair entertain the motion that
there be a call of the House, as that motion is
not in order during the pendency of the pre-
vious question.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask unanimous consent
that action be postponed on the bill until Wed-
nesday after the morning hour.
Mr. COX. I object.
Mr.INGERSOLL. I hope in the mean time
the bill and amendments will be ordered to be
printed, so that members may inform them-
selves in reference to the provisions of this bill,
as I do not think they understand them now.
Mr. SARGENT. I object to any arrange-
ment, unless I am authorized to move an
amendment protecting actual settlers. I shall
object to anything unless that is agreed to-
Mr. CULLOM. I hope the gentleman from
New York will consent to this postponement.
Mr. WHEELER. I cannot consent.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the
motion to lay the appeal upon the table.
Mr. WOOD. I move that the House do now
adjoum.
Mr. 1NGERSOLL. I rise to a parliamentary
qnestion. Is it in order for me to move if the
House should adjourn this afternoon without
final action on the bill that the bill and amend-
ments be printed ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope that will be done.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The bill and amend-
ments onght to be printed before we are asked
to act upon them.
Mr.WOOD. I insist on my motion to adjourn.
Mr. WHEELER. I am perfectly willing to
let this bill go over, provided it is the under-
standingthat the vote shall be taken on Wed-
nesday next, at one o'clock.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I object to that. _
The question recurred on the motion to
adjourn.
l'he House divided; end .there were—ayes
VI, noes 67.
Mr. DICKEY demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I ask to be excused
from voting.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot enter-
tain the motion to excuse the gentleman from
voting on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I appeal from that
decision.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot enter-
tain the appeal. The rule is explicit that on
a motion to adjourn no member has a right
to he excused, and for a very obvious reason.
Mr. McNEELY. I rise to a parliamentary
Inquiry. If I am paired, cannot 1 be excused
from voting?
The SPEAKER. Pairs are a matter of
personal honor between members, and are not
recognized bythe rules.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 76, nays 66, not voting
85; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ambler, Arnoll,
Asper. Beaman, Beck, Benjamin, Benton, Biggs,
Bird.Blair, Booker, James Brook?, Butchard, Sidney
Clarke, Cleveland, AmasaCobb, Coburr, Cox, Creba,
Cuilom, Dickinson, Duval, Ela, Eldridge, Farns-
wortii.deu. Gilt) Han, Hawley, Hay. Heflin.Ingersoll, j
Alexander II. Jones, Thomas li. Jonca,Knott, Law-
rence. Lousbridge, Marshall, Maybam.Maynard,
MeCrary.McGrow, McKcntie.McNeely, Eliakim 11.
Moore, J esse II. Moore, William Moore, Morphis,
Morrusey, Orth, Packard, Potter. Randall, Reeves,
Rico. Rogers, Sargent, Shanks, Shober, William J.
Smith, Stevenson, Stiles. Stokes, Sweeney, Tillman, ;
Townsend.Tyner, Van Trump, CadwaladerC. Wash-
burn, Wiliard, Williams, John T. Wilson, Winans,
Winohestcr.and Wood—76.
, ' NAYS—Messrs. Ayer. Banks, Barry, Bennett,
Bowen, George M. Brooks, Book, Buckley, Buffln- .
■ ton. Cake, Cessna, Churchill, William T. Clark, Clin-
: ton L. Cobb, Conger, Conner, Covode, Cnwles. Dege-
ner. Dickey,Dixon, Dox, Ferriss, Ferry,Filkelnbnrg,
1.1. lTi-kWVta 11 AAna* T-T A^nhbl CO
i Peck, Meters, Phelps, Porter, Prosser, Roots, San-
: ford. Sawyer, Schenck, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter :
Sheldon, Joseph S. Smith. Worthington C. Smith, I
William Smyth, Starkweather, Stougbton, Striok- j
land, Taffe. Tanner, Taylor, Trimble, Upson,
Wheeler, Whitmore, and Eugene M. Wilson—66.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Ames, Archer, Arm-
strong, Atwood, Axtell, Bailey, Barnum, Beattyi
Bingham, Boles, Boyd, Burdett, Burr, Benjamin F. i
Butler, Roderick It. Butler, Calkin, Cook, Davis, |
Dawes, Dockery, Donley, Dyer, Fisher, Fox, Gar- i
field, Gibson, Griswold, Haight, fiatdeman, Hate; {
! Hambleton, Hamill, Hawkins, Hays, Heaton, Hill, !
| Hoge, Holman, Johnson, Julian, Kelley. Kellogg, i
Kerr, Knapp, Lash, McCarthy, McCormick, Mercur,
1 Milnes, Morgan, Samuel P. Morrill, Mungen, Neg-
■ ley, JSiblack. Packer, Paine, Palmer, Perce, Piatt,
' Poland. Pomeroy, Ridgway, Schumaker, Scofield,
! Sbcrrod, Slocum, John A. Smith, Stevens, Stone,
i Strader. Strong. Swann, Twichell. Van Auken, Van
! Horn, Van Wye!?, Voorhees, Ward, William B.
' Washburn, Welker, Wells, Wilkinson, Witcher, and
Woodward—85,
So the motion to adjourn was agreed to. i
Mr. SCHENCK. Before the result of the
vote is announced I desire to renew my request
that we come to some understanding in rela-
tion to the business on Monday. It is very
manifest that there will be no quorum here on
that day. And if gentlemen object to changing
the hour of meeting till the evening there may
be an understanding that there shall be no busi-
ness transacted on Monday. I also give notice
that on Tuesday I shall press for a call of the
House if there is not a quorum here on that
day.
Mr, FARNSWORTH. And I will press for
a call of the House if there is not a quorum
present on Monday.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. The gentlemen who
are not going away ought to be a little liberal
to those who are.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
asks unanimous consent to an understanding
that there shall be no business transacted on
Monday.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object,
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask unanimous con-
sent to move that the pending bill be printed.
There was no objection; and it was so
ordered.
The result of the vote on the motion to ad-
journ was then announced as above recorded;
and the House accordingly (at four o'clock
and fifty minutes p. m.) adjourned till Monday
next.
fee, and for a reduction of the rate of duty on
imported sugar.
' By Mr. LASII: The petition of Charles
Brentz, a citizen of Forsyth county, North Car-
olina, for removal of disabilities.
Also, the petitions of William Bodenham-
mer and George Smith, citizens of Davidson
county, North Carolina, for removal of dis-
abilities.
By Mr. LYNCH: The petition of Jacob
Libby, of Naples, Maine, for a pension.
By Mr. PETERS : A petition of citizens of
Bangor, Maine, against the funding bill.
By Mr. PORTER: The petition of Thomas
T. T. Tabb, of Goochland county, Virginia,
praying that his legal and political disabilities
imposed by the fourteenth article of amend-
ments to the Constitution, be removed.
By Mr. STEVENSON: The petition of
Sarah R, Steer, A. R. McDonald, and 733
others, citizens of Cincinnati, Ohio, praying
an amendmentof the Constitution oi the United
States of America so as to acknowledge God
as the source of power.
By Mr. VAN TRUMP: The petition of N.
H. wood, praying for an increase of the cir-
culating medium of the country.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &cM were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ARNELL: The petition of Leonard
Harkless and others, praying to be allowed
pay, bounty, and allowances. ■
By Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin : A petition of
citizens of Lawrence county, Tennessee, for
the abolition of import duties On tea and eof-
IN SENATE.
Friday, May 6, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
LAND DISTRICT IN KANSAS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair pre-
sents the amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives to the bill (S. No. 369) to establish
an additional land district in the State of
Kansas.
The Secretary proceeded to read the amend-
ment, but was interrupted by
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to have that
lie on the table for a moment until I can see
what the amendment is.
Mr. ROSS. Would a motion to concur be
in order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. A motion to con-
cur would be in order. The Senator's colleague
desires it to lie on the table until he can exam-
ine it.
Mr. POMEROY. If my colleague has
examined it I will not insist upon that..
Mr. ROSS. I have examined it, and it is
substantially the same as the bill introduced
by myself originally some months ago.
Mr. POMEROY. Does it create a new land
district?
Mr. ROSS. Yes, sir.
Mr. POMEROY. And retains the one in
the north ?
Mr. ROSS. No, sir.
Mr. POMEROY. It strikes out that?
Mr. ROSS. Yes, sir.
Mr. POMEROY. Then I wish it to lie on
the table for the present. I want to see what
1 The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
present it at some later period in the day.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 1956) to authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury to issue aregisterto
the schooner Cpvallo Marino was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
The bill (H. R. No. 1899) for the relief of
Captain David Beatty's company of independ-
ent scouts was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented the peti-
tion of John Rosenheimer, of Bexar county,
Texas, praying the removal of his political dis-
abilities; which was referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. PATTERSON presented a petition of
