3272
TB© CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
citisens of New Hampshire, praying an appro ■ 
priation of $30,000, subject to the order of
Mra. Joseph* S. Griffing, for the relief of the
poor of the District of Columbia; which was
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
Mr. WILLEY. I present a petition of a
citizen of Wythe county, Virginia, by the name
of W. Wade Woodson, setting forth a good
many reasons why he ought to be relieved from
his political disabilities, and. concluding very
penitentially as follows:
" I am, I know, a true friend of the Administration,
and will imitate the example of Scsvola before my
arm shall ever again wage war on the Government.
May I not hope that yoar honorable body will
"Show pity and (brgrive.^
Let a repentant rebel live?"
[ Laughter. ] • _
I move its reference to the select Committee
on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
The motion waa agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petitions of
R. E. Grant, Wythe county, Virginia; of George
T.Wescoat, Franktown,Northampton county,
Virginia; of William H. B. Costis, Accomac
County, Virginia; and of D. B. Fisher, Prank-
town, Northampton county, Virginia, praying
the removal-ef their political disabilities; which
were referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas, presented the
petition of Mary Ann Montgomery, Widow of
the late William W. Montgomery, of the first
Texas cavalry, praying to be allowed a pen-
sion ; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
ilr, CONKLING presented a memorial of
sundry citizens of New York, sellers of house-
hold wringers of various manufactures, remon-
strating against the passage of the House bill
No. 1492, for the extension of John Young's
patent for washing and wringing machines;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. WARNERpresentedthepetitipnofMar-
cas C. Lane, of Greenville, Alabama, praying
the removal of his political disabilities; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
. Mr. STOCKTON presented a petition of
citizens of New Jersey, praying that a pension
be granted to Franz Schumann, late sergeant
major seventy-fourth Pennsylvania volunteers;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
. Mr. MORTON, I present the memorial of
Colonel Daniel McClure, Assistant Paymaster
General United States Army. This memorial-
ist shows that he was the acting paymaster
with General Twiggs in Texas in 1801, at the
time the rebellion first developed in Texas ;
that the rebel authorities attempted to seize
his money ; that they seized nearly three, hun-
dred dollars of the amount srt Austin, bat he
got away with the balance, about forty thou-
sand dollars. Bat he. had. at the same time
$1,100 on deposit with the sab-Treasurer in
the city of New Orleans. The rebel authori-
ties seized his funds there, and he still stands
eh^r^ed with that atmoont upon tire books of
the Treasury Department,. His memorial asks
to be relieved from this liability on the books
of the Treasury Department. I move that
it be deferred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
The motion was agreed to. ^
AWOTJRNMENT TO MOHflAY.
. Mr. BUCK INGHAM. -I move that when
the Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet
on Monday next.
Mr. SUMNER.' That is right.
■ Several'Sejtators. No; no.
The VICE PRESIDENT.' The question is
pu the motion of the Senator from Connecti-
cut, thAt when the Senate adjourns, to-day it
&djonrn tp meet on Monday next. >
Mr. CONKHNG... That motion, I believe,
is debatable?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is debatable.
Mr. CON KITING. I see that the Senator
from Maine [Mr. Morrill] is here. I thought
at the moment he was not in. I understood
yesterday that the appropriation bill was to be
taken up to-day, with a view of proceeding with
I it and, completing it, if possible, this week. I
hope we shall sit to-morrow, and go on with
, the appropriation bill.
Mr. SUMNER and Mr. TRUMBULL. I
hope not.
The question being put; there were, on a
division—ayes 24, noes 17.
Mr. STE WART called for the yeas and nay«j
and they were ordered.
Mr. TIPTON. I understand that some Sen-
; ators are voting against adjourning over under
• the apprehension that the Senator in charge
Of the appropriation bills desires us to work
to-morrow. I understand from him that he
has no objection- to an adjournment over.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If it is the pleas-
ure of the Senate to work to-morrow upon the
appropriation bill of course it will be my
pleasure to be here to attend to it. I express
no desire or wish about it. I am entirely will-
ing that the Senate shall take such course as
they seC fit. So far as I am concerned, it
would .satisfy my convenience to be here to-
morrow to attend to the appropriation bill.
Still it is a question for the consideration of the
Senate whether they will sit to-morrow or not.
Mr, CONKLING. The Senator is ready to
proceed with the appropriation bill ?
Mr. MOREILL. of Maine. I am ready to
proceed with it. •
'The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resultea-T-yeasi31, nays21 5 as follows:
1 ' YEAS—Messrs.Boreman, Buckingham, Cameron,
Carpenter, Drake, Kenton, Ferry, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hamilton of Tbxas, Harris, Howard, Johnston,
Kellogg, Lewis, McCreery, McDonald, Nye, Patter-
Son, Ramsey, Robertson, Ross, Saulsbury, Scott,
Spencer, Spragua.Stockton, Sumner, Tipton,Trum-
. bull. Tickers, and Williams—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Cole, Conkling,
Cragin, Edmunds, Hamlin, Harlan, Howe, Howell,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton,
OsJaorn, Pomeroy, Scburz, Sherman, Stewart, War-
ner, Willey, and Wilson—21.
ABSBNTt-M«S8«8. Abbott, Bayard, Brown! ow,
Casserly, Cattell, Chandler, Carbett. Davis, Klan-
! agan, Fowler, Gilbert, Norton, Pool, Pratt, Revels,
! Rice, Sawyer, Thayer, Thurman, and Yates—20.
So the motion was agreed to.
' LAND DISTRICT IN KANSAS..
1 The VICE PRESIDENT again laid before
!' the Senate the amendment of the House of
j Representatives to the bill (S. No. 369) to
j establish an additional landdistrict in the State
| of Kansas.
j • The amendment of the House of Represent-
1 atives was to-strike out all after the enacting
clause and in lieu thereof to insert: >
That all that portion of the State of Kansas lying
south qf the fourth standard parallel, and west of the
east line of range twelve, east of the sixth prinqipal
meridian in said State, shall constitute An additional
landdistrict, to be called the Arkansas district, the
location of the office of which shall be designated
by the President of the United States, and shall hy
him, from time to time, be changed as the public
interests may seem to require.
Sec. 2. And be it further ebiactti. That the Pres-
ident be. and he Is hereby, authorized, whenever the
public interests shall require, to appoint, in accord-
ance with existing laws authorizing appointments to
office, aregisferanda receiver for the district hereby
created, who shall each be required to reside at the
site of the.office for said district.havetbesame pow-
ers, responsibilities, and emoluments, and be subject
to the same acts and penalties which are or may be
prescribed by law in relation to other land officers of
the United States.
sec. 3. And be it farther enacted. That all Bales and
locations made at the offices of the districts in whieh
the lands embraced in this district have hitherto been
included, situated within the limits of this district,
which shall be valid and right in other respects, up
to the day on whioh the new office shall go into oper-
ation, be. and the same are hereby, confirmed.
Mr. POMEROY. I have examined the
amendment, and I move that the Senate con-
cur in. it. •
; The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands both the Senators from Kansas desire
the concurrence of the Senate in the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives.
The $ipep<lment was concurred in.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred a
memorial of a committee on behalf of the grand
jurors of the District, praying for increased
compensation, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. The same committee, to
whom were referred the bill (H. R. No. 11 G(i) to
incorporate the Liuthicum Institute of George-
town; the bill (S. No. 89) to incorporate the
Uniontown and Washington City Railroad Com-
pany, intheDistrictof Columbia; apetition for
: the incorporation of a tobacco manufacturing
company ; apetitionfortheincorporation of the
1 National Union Manufacturing Company ; and
apetition from the National Union Bricklayer's
Association for an act of incorporation, have
directed me to report back the same, and ask
that the committee be discharged from their
further consideration, a general act having been
passed meeting the case.
The committee were discharged from the
further consideration of the petitions; and the
two bills were postponed indefinitely.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the same committee,
to whom were referred sundry petitions asking
that suffrage be granted to women in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, a petition for limited suf-
frage, and a petition against granting the right
of suffrage to women, asked to be discharged
from their further consideration; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 54) for the fur-
ther security of equal rights in the District of
Columbia, moved that it be postponed indeti-
, nitely; which was agreed to.
Mr. PATTERSON, from the Committee on
the District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the hill (S. No. 214) in addition to the several
acts for establishing the temporary and per-
manent seat of the Government of the United
States, and to resume the legislative powers
delegated to the citizens of Washington and
Georgetown and the levy court, in the District
of Columbia, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration ;; which was agreed to.
I Mr. COLE. The Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, to whom was referred
a petition of Poster Henshaw and others, citi-
zens of Washington city, praying the estab-
lishment of the grade of Virginia avenue be-
tween New Jersey avenue and Third street
east, have had the same under consideration,
and directed me to report, asking to be dis-
charged from its further consideration, the city
authorities having full power to fix the grade
of the avenue referred to.
The report was agreed to,
Mr. WILLIAMS, from-the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was .referred the bill
(S. No. 439} to grant lands to the Sierra Iron
Company, reported it with amendments.
Mr, CARPENTER, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(.S. No. 605) to provide for the compensation
of the clerk, district..attorney, commissioner,
and marshal of the western district of Arkansas,
and for criers and bailiffs in attendance upon
the .United States district,court .for said district,
moved its indefinite postponement; wnich waa
agreed to. ;
He also, from the'same committee.,to whoim
waa, referred-the bill (S. Hp. 456) to provide
For the compensation fo .the grand,and petit
jurors in the Federal courts for the e'astemand
western districts of Arkansas, reported it with
an amendment. . •
He .also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a petition of the. marshal of the
United States fpr the western district of Ark*
sansas, praying for an increase of compensa-
tion, asked to. be discharged from its further
consideration; which was agreed to. -.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices;and Post Roads, to whom was r^f^rrod
the bill (.H. R. No, 1691) for the relief of Tim-
