72
the congressional globe.
December 10,
part of this section by striking out the yfords
" by any arrangement or understanding what-
ever." • . ,
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That is right.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILKINSON. I move to insert after
the word "conviction," in the eighth line, the
word "thereof."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to insert before
the word "secure," inline three, the words
"receive or."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. In line eight I move to
insert after the word "hundred" the word
"dollars." The amendment is merely verbal.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JENCKES. I move to insert after the
word "any," in line six, the words "special
deputy or." That is merely verbal, to conform
to amendments already made.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BIRD. I move to insert after the word
"enumerator," in lines five and seven, the
words "or clerk." I presume that was
intended by the committee, and that it is a
mere clerical omission. Every gentleman will
see the importance of it, and I trust the com-
mittee will adopt the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WHITTEMORE. The amendment of-
fered by the gentleman from Tennessee makes
it imperative that the same change should be
made in the fifth line. I therefore move to
amend the fifth line so as to read, "shall in any
way receive or secure," &c.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That is right.
The amendment was agreed to.
No further amendment was offered to the
thirteenth section.
The next section was read, as follows:
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That each and
p.very person more than twenty years of acre belong-
ing to any family residing in any enumeration dis-
trict, and in case of theabsence of thelieads and other
members of any such family, then any agent of such
family, shall be, and each of them hereby is, required,
if thereto requested bythesuperinteBdent,distriotsu-
porintendent, or enumerator, to render a true account
to the best of his or her knowledge of every person
belonging to such family, in the various particulars
required by law, on pain of forfeiting $100, to be sued
for nnd recovered in an action of debt by tho super-
intendent or district superintendent, to the use of the
United States. And every person, firm, or corpora-
lion is hereby required, if thereto requested by tho
superintendent, district superintendent, or enumer-
ator, to give true and complete answers to any in-
quiriesauthorized bylaw, on pain of forfeitingthirty
dollars, to bo sued for and recovered in an action for
debt, by the superin tendentor district superintendent
to tho use of the United States.
Mr. WILKINSON. I move to amend the
last sentence of this section by striking out the
words " person, firm, or" and inserting after
the word "corporation" the words " atidevery
officer or agent thereof."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILKINSON. I move to further amend
the same sentence by striking out the words
"on pain of forfeiting thirty dollars" and
inserting in lieu thereof the following:
Relating to the business or affairs of such corpo-
ration. And in case of the refusal or neglect of
any such corporation or the officer or agent thereof
to givo all such answers when requested as aforesaid
so to do such corporation shall forfeit and pay tho
sum of $5,000 for each refusal or neglect to give the
said answers as above required.
I think it is perhaps due to the committee
to say that many of the corrections that were
made in the original bill were either left out in
the copy that was sent to the printer or mis-
takes have been made by the printer in the
bills laid upon our tables. This amendment
is intended to correct, one of them. The com-
mittee never thought of imposing so light a
penalty as thirty dollars upon the great rail-
road, express, and telegraphing corporations
of this country for refusing to give the inform-
ation required. It is looked' upon and was
looked upon by the committee as of the utmost
importance that this class of statistical inform-
ation should be obtained. I am toM by the
gentleman in charge of the bill that this is a
misprint in the bill.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I wish to say just one
word in regard to a single class of corpora-
tions, the railroad corporations of this coun-
try. Unless some severe penalty be imposed
upon such corporations for a refusal to give
this information I know that it wiH be very diffi-
cult to obtain it; yet no information which the
people of this country can receive will be so
great a benefit as the information in regard
to these mammoth corporations. Why, Mr.
Chairman, I apprehend that if this information
could be accurately obtained it would appear
that to-day the States of Iowa and Minnesota
alone are paying annually for the transporta-
tion of the single article of wheat at least ten
million dollars more than ought to be paid. I
believe correct statistics on this subject would
make such a showing as would startle this coun-
try in regard to the influence of these monopo-
lies upon the industrial interests of the nation.
I believe that an exhibition of the facts in
regard to this matter would awaken a spirit of
indignation all over the land which would
demand that the national Government should
take hold of these mammoth corporations and
'restrict their power to plunder the people of the
products of their industry. For this reason I
desire that a penalty of $500 shall be fixed for
every refusal to give this information—not for
the refusal which any corporation may make
in the aggregate, but for every refusal which
these corporations shall malce to the request of
the authorities appointed to obtain this inform-
ation.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to oppose the
amendment, which in my view is not coextens-
ive with what I regard as the radical defect in
the structure of this section. It provides in
the first instance a forfeiture of $100—just
that and no more—in every caseand all cases.
The forfeiture of thirty dollars has been already
commented upon. Now, it is very obvious that
there are many instances where a failure to give
the information ought not to be visited with any
such penalty ; and on the other hand there are
cases which we can readily conceive where the
visitation ought to be heavier. For example,
the bill contemplates that each person more
than twenty years of age, of either sex—such
is the language of the section—shall give this
information when called upon. Under this pro-
vision a young lady who may be a little reticent
on the subject of her age is visited with pre-
cisely the same penalty as the official of a cor-
poration who withholds information in order
that the nature and extent of the business of
a large and valuable monopoly may not be
understood by the public.
I think, therefore; there should be more
flexibility, more elasticity to the law as it affects
the community. The reins should be larger.
I think the amendment might be carried fur-
ther, and I hope it will be done.
Mr. JENCKES. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Tennessee for the
purpose of making the same objection to it that
he has made to the original amendment; that
is that it does not cover the ease.
Mr. MAYNARD. I have not offered any
amendment.
Mr. JENCKES. Then I move to amend
the amendment of the gentleman from Minne-
sota. His amendment reads "and in case
of the refusal or neglect of any such corpor-
ation or the officer or agents thereof to give
all such answers when requested as aforesaid
so to do," &c. Now, it does not specify the
officers who are required to give the inform-
ation, or upon whom the penalty should be
imposed if the information is not given. Of
coursein case of complaint or indictment under
that language the first answer of the officer of
the corporation would be that he was not the
party who was to give the information.
Mr. WILKINSON. The penalty applies to
the corporation.
Mr. JENOKES. In order to mate the cor-
poration liable some default must be shown in
its responsible officers, and it seems to me that
those responsible officers should be specified
in this section. I propose, therefore, to have
inserted the words, "the president, treas-
urer, secretary, general agent, or managing
directorso that they shall be subject to an
indictment if they do not answer the questions
provided for in this act.
Mr. WILKINSON. I will accept the gen-
tleman's amendment in lieu of my own.
Mr. JENCKES. Then I move to strike out
all after "whatever," in line thirteen, and
insert:
The president, treasurer, sccrctary, general agent,
or managing director of every corporation from which
answers to any of the schedules provided by this act
whio Shall, if thereto requested by the superint end-
ent, district superintendent, special deputy, or enu-
merator, neglect or refuse to give full and complete
answers to any inquiries authorized by this act, such
officer shall forfeit and pay a sum not less than $500
and not exceeding Si0,000, to be recovered in all eases
in any court of competent jurisdiction to the use of
the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I offer the following
amendment:
Strike out after the word "law," in the ninth line,
the words "on pain of forfeiting $100, to be sued for
and recovered m an action of debt by the superin-
tendent or district superintendent to the use of the
United States," and insert in lieu thereof the words:
"Whoever shall willfully refuse shall be guilty of a
misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof shall
forfeit a sum not exceeding $100."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JENCKES. A formal amendment has
to be made on this section, at line seven, by
inserting the words "special deputy" aftertbe
word "superintendent." I move accordingly.
The amendment was agreed to. .
Mr. WILLARD. I move to amend by
striking out the word "law," in the ninth
line, and inserting the words " this act."
Mr. WILKINSON. The words " by law "
were purposely inserted rather than the words
suggested by the gentleman from Vermont,
[Mr. Willard ;] because other acts may be
passed which may impose duties on these
officers as well as this one. We thought it
better, therefore, to use thegeneral expression.
Mr. WILLARD. T think that in several of
the sections which we have gone over the
same amendment or change of phraseology
which I now propose has been adopted ; and
my reason for offering this amendment was to
make this section conform to the others. It
seems to me that any penalty to be imposed
should be a penalty for the violation of this
act, and not of any other act.
The question being put on Mr. Willard's
amendment, it was not agreed to.
No other amendment being proposed to the
fourteenth section, the Clerk read the next
section, as follows:
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, That all fines
and penalties imposed by this act may be enforced
in the courts of the United States within the State,
Territory, or district where such offenses shall have
been committed or forfeiture incurred.
Mr. JENCKES. I move to amend by in-
serting after the word " enforced" in the sec-
ond line the words "byindictment or appro-
priate action in law."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LAWRENCE moved to add the follow-
ing as a new section:
Andbeit further enacted, That the Secretary of the
Interior may require the officers herein authorized
to-proeure and report, in such manner and under
such regulations as ho may prescribe, any other in-
formation and statistics he may deem proper. And
the Secretary of the Interior may require, under
such rules and regulations as he may prescribe, from
any officer of the Government of the United States
a report of any and all information and statistics
within the knowledge or control of such officer. And
the Secretary of the Interior may require, under
such rules and regulations as he may prescribe, from
any officer acting under the authority of any State
a report of all information and statistics within the
Knowledge and control of such officer.
I hope I may have the attention of the com-
mittee for a very short time while I say a few
words in support of this amendment.
