4216
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
the Committee on Appropriations and the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs and other friends ofthe
me&sure; but I desire here to give notice that
at the first opportunity that; I cam get the floor
I shall c^ll up the bill now pending for the set-
tlement of this question, and I will make an
exposure of the fraud and perjury q,nd corrup-
tion of this transaction, which I think will be
somewhat startling. I shall seek the floor at
the earliest opportunity for that purpose. I
now withdraw the amendment.
Mr. RAMSEY. Now I call attention to the
amendment offered a few moments ago, which
was reported by the Committee on Indian
Affairs for the Darling case.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be reported; and the Chair \yiH tlifiu
rule upon the point of order made.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, as
follows:
And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of the
Interior is hereby authorized to pay to Antoinette
Darling, or her legal representatives, the sum of
#518 65, being the unexpended balance of the sum
appropriated for the payment of Sioux Indian dep-
redations in Minnesota in 1862 and 1863, the same to
be in full of allclaims of the said Antoinette Darling
for said depredations.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Minnesota has, in answer to the suggestion
that this is a private claim and not provided
for by law, sent to the Chair the act of 1863
upon the subject of Sioux depredations, which
provided an appropriation of $100,000 to be
divided among the surviving members of fam-
ilies in the State of Minnesota who suffered
damages by the depredations of certain In-
dians named, " not exceeding §200 to any one
family northe actual damage aforesaid ; and no
moneys shall be paid under this section except
on those claims which shall be presented to
said commissioners on or before the 1st day
of June nest." The Chair is of opinion that
this amendment is notto carry out the provision
of any existing law.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, there is
another law besides that—a law appropriating:
§1.100,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
does not rule this amendment, out on the ground
that the provision is only $100,000, but on the
ground that the act brought to the attention of
the Chair expressly provides that these claims
must be presented, in order to comply with
that law by a certain time, and not being pre-
sented within that time their right under that
appropriation was exhausted, and there is there-
fore no provision of existing law in favor of
the claim, but the reverse.
, Mr. IIARLAN. _ I am not sure whether that
limitation as to the time of presenting the claims
is a part of the second act,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
overrules the amendment as presented.
Mr. ROSS. Iwillraise the question whether
we are bound strictly by that provision of law
limiting the time. Here is a sum of money
lying in the Treasury appropriated expressly
for the satisfaction of this character of claims.
This person_ not knowing of the existence of
that restriction comes up at a later day and
satisfactorily shows that she is entitled to the
money.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state that this amendment is in violation
of the act referred to by the Senator from Minne-
sota and not m pursuance of it. Whether it
was wise to make that provision is not a point
for the Chair to decide.
_ Mr. RAMSEY. The Chair admits that there
is a fun d appropriated for the payment of claims
jpsfc like that?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
odmit-a nothing* j the Chair only rules on points
of order as presented.
jIv. He DONALD. I offer Ibis amendment:
To cunMo Ifco So'jretary of the Interior to pay A.
lite b jl.-'nco to be due on the
t or niS'-i.-vm, ruj(I 'injiilov-.-nicoot' ihohon-
1J'0 y :J ''f"Ai '"l!' "r! Jai-'!n'
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Does that
come from the Committee on Indian Affairs?
Mr. McDQNALD. It does not. It is in
compliance with the existing law of 1834, and
I h$ve submitted it to different members of the
Cfiinmittee and have their consent. _ I gave
notice to the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations several days ago of this amend-
ment.
Mr. HARLAN. This is a claim arising
under the Indian intercourse law of 183-1, ad-
justed in the Department, and recommended
to be paid by the Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I make the paint of order
that it is a private claim.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont makes the point of order that
this is a private claim.
Mr. HARLAN. Before that point is decided
I should like the President of the Senate to
look at the law authorizing the payment of
such claims.
Mr. POMEROY. I understand that,although
a private claim, itis in pursuance of law; that
there is an existing law which requires the
payment. If so, it is clearly admissible within
the rule.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us see the law.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Has this amend-
ment been referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations?
Mr. McDONALD. It has been. Section
seventeen of the law of 1834 
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
will send up the law, the Chair will examine it.
Mr. POMEROY. If it has not been moved
by any committee, it does not need to be referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. COLE. It is not only a private claim,
but a large claim. It would cover more than
one hundred of the little claims I proposed to
provide for.
The VICEPRESIDENT. This amendment
does not state by what tribe of Indians the
depredations for which this claim is made were
committed.
Mr. McDONALD. The Arapahoes and
Cheyennes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Nor does it slate
that they have no annuities. If they have
annuities, bylaw the amount must be paid out
of their annuities.
Mr. McDONALD. They have annuities;
but by a section of the law, as amended the
other day, the Secretary of the Interior is pre-
vented from carrying out the intent of the law
of 1834.
Mr. POMEROY. That has not become a
law yet, and I hope it wiil not. It is in this
bill, but it has not been concurred in by the
Senate. It was only agreed to in Committee
of the Whole.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The law to which
the Senator from Arkansas refers the Chair
provides that if the tribe to which the Indian
who commits the depredation belongs are enti-
tled to annuities the claim at the next payment
of annuities shall be deducted therefrom and
paid to the party injured; and if there is no
annuity due, the amount of the claim shall be
paid out ofthe Treasury of the United States.
In the opinion of the Chair this is not a claim
against the Treasury. If the Indians have
annuities it must be paid out of the annuities,
unless this law has been changed, and the
Senator from Kansas states it has not been
changed up to this time.
Mr. McDONALD. The Secretary of the
Interior, owing to the fact that this would ex-
haust the annuities due these Indians, declined
to pay it all out of the annuities, and recom-
mends its payment in this way.
The VIC13 PRESIDENT. Th t makes it a
private claim against the Treasury, not arising
under this law. Under this law payment must
bo mads in one of two specific ways: first, out
of the annuities if the tribe have annuities; or
second, if they have no annuities, out of the
•' i If rh. y have annuities atid the Sec-
retary does not see fit to pay out of the annui-
ties, that makes it a private claim against th©>
Treasury, subject to the discretion of Congress,-
not as a matter of authority and right by ths
law.
Mr. McDONALD. _ Is it, not deemed pro^p
to be considered at this time?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not except by
unanimous consent It does not come within
the rule.
Mr. McDONALD. Is there objection? I
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont objects.
Mi\ EDM UN DS. I have objected to all th 
others. This may be all right for aught I
know.
Mr. POMEROY. If the law is not ebanged,
so far as the other appropriation goes it can be
used to pay this claim.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Itoao be, appar-
ently, by this law ; bat if the Secretary does
not see fit to pay it it is a claim sgainat the.
Treasury, to be submitted to the discretion of
Congress.
Mr. IIARLAN. I will state to the honorable
Senator from Vermont the reason why the De-
partment ask to have an appropriation for this
sum. They have found an amount due to this
claimant under the law of 1831, and hare paid
about half of it, perhaps a little more than"
half; and if there is no appropriation made tcr
meet it it will exhaust the regularappropriatiop*
for the coming year for these Indians. They are
Indians that have no other means of support.
They are part of those who live around Fort
Cobb, in the Indian territory, that were col-
lected in from the plains; and it will place the
Department in an embarrassing situation to
leave them with these Indians to take care of
without any money to be used for that purpose,
for they will feel bound under their oath of
office, as I understand it, to pay this claim. It
has been adjusted and allowed in the Depart-
ment.
The VICE PRE8ID BNT. That is a strong
argument to the dis&retion of Congress.
Jir. HARLAN. If no one objects, under
this statu of facts  
| The VICE PRBSIDE-NT. If no ome objects
j the Chair will receive the amendment.
| Mr. EDMUNDS. I have made the point,
j and I feel obliged to adhere to it in order to
treat fairly my friend from California and
others, to whose propositions I have made
objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
is not before the Senate.
Mr. IIOSS. Mr. President, we have made
provision in the bill now pending for the pur-
chase of a large tuicfc of land in my Slate
known as the Osage tract, and upon such
terms that it will be many ye;irs before the
proceeds can be of any hen-eht to the present
owners. I have a proposition that I design to
offer, which will m^ke those lands at once
available and salable, by which the Indians
will be enabled to receive a great many times
more than the present actual value of the lands,
and by which they will receive in full the sum
proposed to be paid by this bill; and that, toq,
as I said, many yews before they can be en-
abled to receive that sura in any other way. I
offer this amendment, to come in immediately
after the proposition for the sale of the Osage
lands:
Awl he it further aiantal, That the grants of Ovld-
nuinbcred seel ion^ Heretofore made by Congress in,
aid of the Atchison, Topekn, and Santa !; the
Leavenworth, Lawrence and Galveston: and the
union P <aifio Southern Brunoh Railroad Companies
are hereby confirmed t,o the said coiupame-s as to
the said Usage reservation, in aki of then* said roads
and branches, and be subject to the same forms, con-
ditions, and limitations prescribed in the Several
acts and parts of acts containing olid establishing
the said grants: Pmvidnl, 'I'nat the said Atchison,
l'opeka, and Santa IV Kaiiroad Company is author-
ized to construct a branch of its said road lrot4 the
point where the .same crosses the Arkansas river,
iheneo southeasterly down the saiu Arkansas river
to i tie - satbcni boundary of the said reservation;
';mi .1'.!'  .>ui Leavenworth, Laevrcnee, and Galr(«l ii
it : ih oad Oeiup.' M' i - an Mmmcdto const! net i bra nch
