2328
TIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
March 81,
who lias ever been cruel to white or to black,
•where will it end ? We wight about as well
say that we will admit, up Democrats from the
South 5 for I suppose the older members of
this House will remember the time wheu they
sat iu this Hall with colleagues) sometimes form-
ing a majority of the House, composed of men
who had ull their lives been in the habit of
whipping colored people for amusement. And
I suppose you will hardly get many old-fash-
ioned democrats to come here from the South
who have not been in the habit in times gone
by of exercising their muscles in that way. I
ask, then, is that to be the rule? Are we to
admit no one who has done this? If so, let us
know it. I wish we hail some definite rules on
the subject of contested elections, and then let
us stand by thero. Cut X do not know that even
the gentleman from Massachusetts would make
a rule which would exclude all his and my old
political associates from these Halls.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BURR. I now yield five minutes to the
gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Poland.]
Mr. POLAND. In the last Congress 1 had
the fortune, either good or bad, to be a mem-
ber of the Committee of Elections, and like
everybody else who was, is, or has been on
the Committee of Elections, 1 have always a
word or two to say about an election case.
The principle that is involved here is one of,
importance as applied to the constitution of
legislative assemblies. The law provides cer-
tain evidences of his election that shall bo
furnished to every man who is elccted as a
member of this House. When any man couies
and presents those written evidences, what we
term his credentials, the legal presumption is
that, ho has been legally elected, and that ho
is legally qualified as a member. The old rule
of parliamentary law was and is yet that the
regularity of his election and his personal qual-
iliculionsto be a member are not to be inquired
into iu advance; he is to tako his seat upon
tlio production of regular credentials, unques-
tioned and I apprehend that when a man
comes in, not at the organization of Congress,
but at a later period, the legal principle is pre-
cisely the same in relation to his right to tako
lils seat.
When Congress meets each member comes
here bearing his credentials, and thero is no
common arbiter, nobody to decide between
them. They must all be allowed to tako their
seats and participate in the proceedings ; other-
wise Congress could not be organized. Aud
when a member comcs here at a later period his
prima facie right to a seat, as it is termed, is
precisely the same as if he had come here at
the meeting of Congress.
Now, there has been one qualification made
to this rule, and only one. During the war,
when a very considerable portion of the coun-
try that had been represented in Congress was
in hostility to the Government, and when Con-
gress passed the law prescribing what is known
as the test-oath, that every man before he should
be entitled to take a seat hero at all should
swear that he had not been guilty of any treason
against the Government, it was said to bo so
important that the provisions of that law should
bo carried out, and that no mau should be
allowed to sit even for a day in Congress who
was a traitor against the Government itself,
that they said it was just and right where any
member would take upon himself the respons-
ibility of saying that a man whoappeared here
to claim a seat was a traitor, or where any evi-
dence had been taken in a legal way which
tended to establish that fact, it was a matter
of such importance that it should be inquired
into in advance. This is the only departure
that lias ever been made by this Congress, so
far as I know, from the old rule of parliament-
ary law, that when a man comes here with reg-
ular credentials the regularity of his election,
or his personal qualifications, is not a question
to be inquired into in advance at all.
Now, if that rule is to be departed from, if
for any alleged reasons the defects in a man's
character, or some irregularities in the wan-
ner of conducting the election, are to become
the subject of inquiry in advance by the Com-
mittee of Elections, why it might happen that
Congress never could be organized, ior suoh
charges as these could lie made against every
man who produced credentials.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BURR. I now yield five minutes to the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,]
and after that I will yield to 110 gentleman at
all.
Mr. BANKS. If I did not deem this to be
an important question I would not trouble the
House. I have no doubt that it is competent for
the House to inquire into the character of its
members. A man bofore his election or after
his election may have committed such crimes
as to make it indispensable for the character
of the House, its usefulness, its credit with the
country, that be should not be admitted or
should not be permitted to retain his seat as a
•member. I remember a case that occurred
ten or fifteen years ago, where a member of
the House, not then irom Texas, but subse-
quently a resident of that State, killed a waiter
at one of the hotels in this city because he did
not like his breakfast.
' It was said that the criminal tribunals of the
country would administer justice in the oaso ;
but the House decided, not. by a. two-thirds vote
so as to expel the member, but by a majority,
that it had the right to inquiro into .his con-
duet and to expel him if it should be thought
proper to do so upon the facta at any time. The
inquiry maybe made either when the member
presents his credentials or after he is admitted
as_a member. The House must reserve to itself
this power, and it ought never to part with it.
But, sir, in thecaso nowpresonted the question
raised is, was this man elected Y If lie was
elected wcaro bound to say so, and if it shall
afterward appear that he is unworthy to sit as
a member of this House that will he a sepa-
rate and subsequent question, which must lie
decided upon the facts.
I do not think that upon the question pre-
sented by the CommiUeo of Elections any
member of this House can decide that this gen-
tleman is not elected and ought not to bo
allowed to take his seat in this House as a
member, reserving to the Uouso the right to
decide at a future time any question connected
with his right to sit as a member. Wo are the
judges not only of the elections, but of the
qualifications of members by the express pro-
vision of the Constitution. It may bo indeed
an extreme ca3e that will justify the exercise
of the high prerogative that is vested in us, but
we ought not by any decision ever to seem to
doubt or deny its existence.
Mr. BURR. I now call the previous ques-
tion upon the resolution of the Committee of
Elections and the pending amendment.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The first question was upon the amendment
moved by Mr. Shanks, to add to the resolution
the following:
Provided, That John 0. Conner be not sworn in,
but that tho contested ease of Benjamin 3?. Grafton
vs. John C. Conner, of the second district of tho Stato
ot Texas, be referred to tho Commifctco of Elections,
with instructions to examine and report upon the
ease, both on the prinw facie rijjhtto the seat and on
its merits.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. On that
question I call for the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering tho
yeas and nays; and upon a division there
were—ayes 2J, noes 98 ; not one fifth in the
affirmative.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. INGERSQLL called for tellers on order-
ing tho yeas and nays.
The question was taken ujjon ordering tell-
ers ; and there were seventeen in the affirmative.
go (the affirmative not being one fifth of a
quorum) tellers were not ordered-
The yeas and naya were accordingly not
ordered.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Ssauks ; and it was not
agreed to-
The question recurred upon the resolution
reported from the Committee of Elections, as
follows ;
Resolved, That tho oath of oflioe bo now adminis-
terodtq&. Vr. Whitmoro, J. C. Conner, \V.T. Clark,
and E. Dogoner, Kepresontatives-olect from the first,
second, third, and fourth districts of the Stato of
Texas; Provided, That tho right of any person to
contost tho scat of cither of said Pepresontativos
shall not bo thereby impaired.
Tho resolution was adopted.
Mr. PAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which tho resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider by laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Tho persons named in the foregoing resolu-
tion then appeared and qualified by taking the
oath prescribed by the act of July 2, 1862.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled bills of tho following
titles; when the Speaker sijjned the same,
namely:
A bill (S. 512) for the relief of Captain
Phelps Paine; and '
A bill (S. 595) to relievo certain persons
therein named from legal and political disabil-
ities imposed by the fourteenth amendment of
the Constitution of tho United States, and for
other purposes.
claims against venezuela.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before tho House a message from tho
President, dated March 31, 1870, transmitting
to Congress a further communication from the
Secretary of State, with accompanying docu-
ments, relative to claims of citizens of tho
United States on the Government of Vene-
zuela, which were adjusted by the commission
provided for by the convention with that repub-
lic of April 25, 18GG.
Mr. ORT1I. I move that tho message, with
the accompanying documents, be referred to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, without
being printed.
Mr. COX. I would like to have these docu-
ments printed.
Mr. ORTH. The Committee op Foreign
Affairs can examine them with reference to
that question.
Mr. COX. I would like to have thom piinted
now, because many of my constituents are yery
much interested in them.
Mr. ORTH. I think it will bo better to have
them first examined by tho committee.
Mr. COX. Very well; I will not insist on it.
The motion to refer was agreed to.
0RDI5]i OF BySINKSS.
Mr. SCIIENCK. 1 desire now to move that
tho rules bo suspended aud tho House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the
special order.
Mr. ORTH. Will the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Soiiunck] yield to me for a suggestion ?
Mr. SCIIENCK. What is it?
Mr. ORTH. I think, Mr. Speaker, that
under the circumstances attending the admis-
sion of Captain Conner to a seat upon this floor,
as a member from the State of Texas, it is but
duo to him that he should be heard for a few
minutes iu explanation of the charges which
have been made against him here this morning.
I trust, therefore, and on his behalf I ask, that
lie bo permitted to occupy the floor for ten or
fifteen minutes by way of personal explana-
tion.
The SPEAKER. -That will require unani-
mous consent.
