1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3273
0thy Baker, of St. John, Michigan, reported it
without amendment, and submitted * report
thereon; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on tha
' District of Columbia, to whom was referred the
petition of Mrs. A. M. Gangewer and others,
managers of the Industrial Home School, pray-
in" that certain tools be granted to that school,
i^ked to be discharged from its further consid-
eration ; which was agreed to.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred sundry petitions of colored citi-
zens of Washington and Georgetown, praying
for such action as will provide a uniform and
impartial system of public schools for the en-
tire District, under one board of managers, and
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 361) to
secure equal rights in the public schools of
Washington and Georgetown, reported the bill
with an amendment.
> Mr. HOWELL, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred a
let'er of the Secretary of the Interior, com-
municating an account of S. Seymour of ex-
peases in making a survey of a bridge across
the Potomac river, in pursuancepf a ioiut reso-
lution approved March 2,1867, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration; which
was agreed to.
Mr. POME ROY, from the Committee on
Palme Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 741) for the relief of Thomas L. Griffy,
reported adversely, and moved its indefinite
postponement; which was agreed to.
Ha also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 510) granting land
to aid in the construction of a railroad from J
Sioux City, Iowa, to Columbus, Nebra^kaf
reported it with amendments. \f :
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mm- '
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (H. R, No. 216) relative to the
Champaign County Ohio Monumental Asso-
ciation , reported it without amendment.
Mr. TICKERS, from the Commitee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred the
reportpf the Surgeon General, communicating
s statement of expenses in the construction
of the Providence Hospital, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a report of tbeSurgeon General,
communicating a copy of a contract made with
the Providence Hospital for the care of transient
paupers during the year ending June 30,1870,
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration.
llr. WILLEY, from the Committee on Pat-
ents, to whom was referred the petition of Josiah
Cope laud, praying for the extension of a patent
for a new and useful improvement in boot-
crimps, submitted an adverse report; which
was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1146) for the
relief of the heirs of Jonathan Haines, deceased,
submitted an adverse report, and recommended
the indefinite postponement of the bilL The
report was ordered to be printed, and the bill
was indefinitely postponed.
Mr. IEQMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S.
«o. 889) to provide for holding .special terms
ot the circuit and district courts ot' the United
Mates for the northern and for the southern
oistricts of Ohio, have directed me to report it
oat* adversely, with a recommendation that it
he indefinitely postponed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should, like to have it
placed on the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be placed
on the Calendar with the adverse report of the
committee.
f ^r-' 1' U M B U LL. I will state to the Senator
rom Ohio that the committee think the judges
already hava authority to hold special terms,
•inch U ample.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have not carefully ax-
aaninedthe bill, bull I understand it proposes
to authorise the judge in the southern district
to hold a term in Columbus, and also to allow
the judge of the northern district to hold a term
in Toledo, when they think the interests of jus-
tice will be thereby promoted.
Mr. CONKLING. They have that power
tlroftdy
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to look into
it. Let it be placed on the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar with the adverse report
of the committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred a petition
of citizens of Illinois, praying for the enact-
ment of laws to prohibit the Importation of
liquor, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration; which was agreed to;
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No, 990) to amend
anactentitled "An act exempting certain prop-
erty of debtors in the District of Columbia
from levy, attachment, or sale on execution,"
approved Februarys, 1867, reported adversely,
and moved its indefinite postponement; which
was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am also directed by
the same committee, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 670) extending the provisions of an
act relating to httbtas corpus and regulating
judicial proceedings in certain cases, -approved
Maroh 3, 1863, to certain other cases, and for
other purposes, to report it back adversely ; but
I desire it to go upon the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be placed
npon the Calendar with the adverse report of
the committee.
JtEDtTCTlOff OP TOE ARMY.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate- to take up the bill (H. 11.
No. 987) to reduce the number of officers in
the Army of the United States, and for other
purposes. I desire to make one or two amend-
ments to it this morning, which will take but a
few moments.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the bill.
Mr. WILSON. The bill has been read, and
the amendment reported by the committee in
the nature of a substitute is pending, to which
the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Carpenter]
moved an amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
question is on the amendment of the Senator
from Wisconsin to the fourteenth section of
the amendment reported by the committee.
Mr. WILSON. I will accept the amend-
ment to the amendment if thereisnoobjection.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to hear it
read.
The Secretary read the amendment to the
amendment, which was to strike ont the-four-
teenth section of the amendment of the com-
mittee, in the following words:
That the professors at the United States Military
Academy may be retired from active servioo and
placed on the retired list in thesame manner and for
the same reasons as is or maybe provided bylaw
for the retirement of officers of the Army ; atid any
professor so retired shall be entitled to receive as
retired pay seventy-five per cent, of thesalwy he
was receiving at the time of his retirement. .
And to insert in lieu thereof:
That th  professors at the United States Military
Academy whose service in the Army and at the
Academy exceeds twenty-five years shall have the
assimilated rank aad pay of colonel of engineers;
and those whose like service islesa than twenty-five
but exceeds fifteen years shall have the assimilated
rank and payof)leutenaDtcolonelofengineers;and
said professors are hereby placed on the same footing
as all other officers of theArmy as regards retirement
lrom active service.
The VICE PRESIDENT.. The question is
on-the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. NYE. I wish to inquire of the Senator
from Massachusetts whether lie proposes to
pot this bill on its passage to-day ?
Mr. WILSON. I do not.
.. The VICE PRESIDENT.,, The Senator
from Massachusetts states on behalf of tha
Committee on Military Affairs that he is will-
ing to accept this amendment to the amend-
ment. If there be no objection it will be
regarded as agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to strike out
the twelfth section of the Committee's amend-
ment, in the following words:
That all vacancies now existing, or which may here-
after occur, in theeavalry, artillery, or infantry, shall
be filled by .the supernumerary officers of infantry,
up til the entire number of such officers shall bo ab-
sorbed; an<\ whenever vacancies exist in the grade
   company,    
appointment of the second lieutenant, until tho
supernumerary first lioutenattts of infantry shall be
absorbed.
And to insert ut lied thereof:
That a)) vacancies no>r«xiitlntr, or which may
hereafter oeour, ia theoavqlry, artillery, or infantry,
shall be filled in auo proportion by the supernumer-
ary officers of infantry, having reference to rank and
seniority as provided ia the existing taw regulating
promotions in the Army,until the entire n(imber of
such officers shall be absorbed; and whsaever vacan-
cies exist in the grade of second lieutenant in any
oompany of oavalry, artillery, or intantry, an addi-
tional first lieutenant shall be assigned to such com-
pany in lieu oftheappoinimentofa second lieutenant
until the supernumerary first lieutenants shall be
absorbed.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I propose to amend the fifth
section of the amendment by striking, out ia
the seventh line the words "to be construed,"
! and to insert the words "held to be."
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection that amendment to the amendment
will be regarded as agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, l'lie substitute reported by
the committee haft now been perfected in ac-
cordance with their views. I do not myself
propose to act upon it thismorning, butl wish
to ask the Senate to assign the consideration
of this bill for Tuesday next. I think we can
act upon it and pass it in an hour. I shall
probably be compelled to leave here in a few
days, and will perhaps be gone several days,
and I should like to have this bill acted upon
before I go away. I move to place it at the
head of the special orders with the intention
of taking it up on Tuesday if possible.
• Mr. STEWART. Oh, no; I cannot agree
to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Massachusetts that
it will require unanimous consent to place it at
the head of the special orders, as there arq
already two special orders on the Calendar;
but a two-thirds vote of the Senate can make
it a special order to come in next after the bill
to enforce the .fifteenth amendment.
• Mr. STEWART. I have no .objection to its
being made a special order after that bill.
Mr. WILSON. I will not antagonize this
bill with that bill.
. Mr. STEWART. Let it be placed at the foot
of the special orders.
Mr. WILSON. Very well; I make thai
tbotion. ' ' ,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts moves that this bill be
made the special order for Tuesday next. It
will then rank below the bill to enforce the
fifteenth amendment and the bill to abolish
the franking privilege. '
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to- tave the
amendment of the Committee as it now stands
printed.
The, VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the substitute proposed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, as amended, will
be ordered to be printed in connection with
the House bill. The questioin now is on the
motion to make this Dill the special order for
Tuesday next.
The motion was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CONKLING asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
