1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4217
of its said road westwardly from ils main line,
U'-ru'- -. and through the said reservation to a.eornieo-
tion v,Tifn the said Atchison, Topeka, and Santa Fr
railroad, not more than fifty miles west of the said
Arkansas liver: And provided further, That the
(•cuiinns and parts of sections of land lyint; within
the aforesaid grants, and designated by even num-
bers. shall not be sold for less than double the min-
imum price of the public lands of the United States.
Mr. President, what rail-
Jt is described
honorable
"Mr. HARLAN.
road is this?
The VICE PRESIDENT.
in tlic amendment.
Mr. IIARLAN. Perhaps the
Senator can state what road it is.
Mr. ROSS. These are railroad companies
now existing in the State of Kansas, author-
ized by act of Congress and endowed with land
grants.
Mr. HARLAN. What is the name of (.he
corporation ?
Mr. ROSS. The Leavenworth, Lawrence,
and Galveston ; the Atchison, Topeka, and
Santa Fe; and the Southern Branch Pacific—all
existing roads endowed by acts of Congress.
Mr. HARLAN. They are existing roads;
but the track of only one of those roads go°s
near this land. The route of the Atchison,
Topeka, and Santa Fe railroad does lie across
the northwest corner of this tact, but the other
two roads do not.
Mr. ROSS. The chairman of the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs entirely misapprehends
the nature of the amendment. The amend-
ment is for the purpose of constructing a, rail-
road centrally through the entire length of
the reservation and diagonally across about
the center of it. from north to south.
Mr. IIOWELL. Are we giving away our
own hinds or the lands of the Osage Indians !
ilr. ROSS. We do not give away an aeie
of land of the Osage Indians. We propose
to make these land grants acioss this restava-
tion and put the price of the reserved sections
at double the uibiiniuin price.
Mr. HOWELL. I propose that railroad
companies which want these lands shall buy
them.
Mr. ROSS. We put the price of the lands at
double what they would sell for otherwise ; and
not only that, but we shall sell them fifty years
sootier than they can be sold in any other way,
and enable the Indians to get tnelr money
promptly.
Mr. HARLAN. I would rather, so_ far as
this proposition applies to roads whose lines do
not run across this land, or so fur as it applies
to some new company to be hereafter incorpor-
ated, that it should not be put on to this lull.
It, may be that I could vote for all that the hon-
orable Senator proposes in this amendment as
a separate measure, and I think it would be
better to have it sent to a committee and exam-
ined deliberately, and carefully matured and
acted on separately.
Mr. POMEUOY. I think my colleague, so
far as any new grant is concerned, had better
have that in a separate bill. 1 know, ^as he
says, that this will add to the value of the laiius :
but to make a new grant of lands on this H| i«ro-
priation bill I do not tsr.nl; is appropriate*
have an amendment which I think my colleague
will accept as ft substitute tor his, whicti
not make any new land grant, and Ishoulu We
to have it read lor the information of (he ben-
ate. recognises simply the existing law : that
18 The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the proposed amendment to the
amendment. . ...
Mr. POMEROY. I will not urge it it my
colleague is not satisfied with it,
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
That any railroad companynow .author-
ized bs Oongrcsp t J oonsti uct a railroad tlirouKb the«
I si..ill have only the odd-numbered sections
within their prescribed limits, anil the eveu-num-
bcruJ. section* shall be raised to fcz oU per ncrre.
Ham,an] I think will agree with me. By this
amendment they are confined to prescribed
limits, and they are obliged to take the odd-
numbered sections; and this fixes the even-
numbered sections at $2 50 per acre, and
neither increases or diminishes the value of
this reserve.
Mr. RQSS. While it is true that but one
of these roads actually traverses the reserva-
tion, it is also true that each one of the roads
I have named will be entitled to lands upon
tlie reservation to a very considerable quantity,
running so near to it as they do- I do not see
the propriety of reserving this proposition for
| an independent bill rather than to put it on
i this. We propose in this bill to dispose of
these lands, and now it strikes mo is a proper
and fitting time to make all tjie dispositions
of them that shall be necessary in order to onr
able the present owners to receive their actual
value. 'That is the reason why I propose to
put, it on this bill.
So far as the proposition of my colleague is
concerned, 1 shall be very glad to aocept that
if I cannot do liel.tor.
Mr. POMEROY. This fakes the state of
facts as they now ei«8t; it do, a not make any
new grant, i think it is improper to put any
new grant on an appropriation bill. My amend-
ment only recognizes the facts as tiiey' now
exist.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to know whether
the honorable Senator from Kansas nearest to
im> [.Mr. Poimkrov] has offered that as an
amendment to the amendment of his colleague,
[Mr. Ross.]
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir; as a substitute
for that, unless 'ho Senator fioin Iowa chooses
to do it.
Mr. HARLAN. This is intended to apply
to one line of road alone, the one extending
from Atchison diagonally to the southwestern
part of Kansas?
Mr. POMEROY. That is the only one
which has a right to build through the reserve.
Mr. HARLAN. If anyihingis done, I hope
that will bo adopted as a substitute for the
other proposition.
Mr. POMERO Y. Does the Senatoi-approve
of that-?
Mr. HARLAN. I think that would be right.
Mr. POMEROY. 'That is what 1 want to
know.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kansas [Mr. Pomeuoy) moves to amend the
amendment of his colleague. The question is
osi the amendment, to fhe amendment..
Sir. DRAKE, is this not a new kind of
work for the Senate to engage in—settling the
. rights of railroad companies 'through lands,
1 lice upon an appropriation bill; a matter that
has not been before any committee at all? It
seems to me very extraordinary.
Mr. SHERMAN. Well, the Senate will
vote it down.
'The amendment to the amendment was
agreed t o.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now is on the amendment as amended.
Mr. COR.BE IT. Let it be read.
The Ciiilf Ci,i;hk. It is proposed to add to
the section relative to the Osage Indian lands
.Mr. POMEROY. That makes no
grant. There is only one ro.v.
go through. The Senator
authorized to
oni Iowa [Mr.
th? following proviso:
J'maidnl, That any railroad company, notv author-
iaeu by Omv.ri.i-.-i to eonstrnc-tarailioadthrouirli these
1,shall have only the odd-Dumberod sections
within their pre.-cribod hmitf, and the even-num-
bered f'eetionfc shall be laired to 50 per aero.
Mr. SHERMAN. 'The condition of this bill
and of the public business has rather excited
my attention for a few days past. IIow many
davs have we been on th.s Indian bill I
\ Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Six days.
I Mr. SHERMAN. Wo have nearly all the
other appropriation bills behind, and we know
that there are several special orders for next
week ; and I now give notice that the week
after next, probably, the attention of the Senate
will be occupied for a number of days with the
tax bill. Now if the Senators from Kansas
are determined to load down this Indian appro-
priation bill with grants to railroads, and to'
introduce the question of railroad gcatits and
other grants on this bill, how shall we ©vei> get
through ? It does seem to me that this Indian
appropriation bill has been so loaded down
that it would- be better now to lay it on the
table and commence the thing anew, so that
we might get some bill confined to the appro-
priations required by existing laws and treaties.
Mr. DAVIS. And go through the same pro-
cess with that?
Mr. SHERMAN. If so, the result would
be that we should make no appropriations for
the Indians, and we should have the sume
warg and the same troubles we have hod in
time past, I have had the management of an
Indian appropriation bill several times in the.
Senate, and I mast hwtily sympathize with
my honorable friend from Maine. I think he
deserves the sympathy of every motnber of
the Senate, lie has charge of a Ijill pn which
is loaded avery proposition in connection with
Indian affairs that has been thought of from
the foundation of the Government almpftt. I
believe i shall have to revive some old Wyan-
dotte and Seneca claims that still exist in Ohio,
and seek to put them on this IjiII—tbhjk this
seems to be a good chance fo-rthem--*£|Ithough
they have been voted down for fifty years. I
shall vote agaiust all atnendmei'ls to the ap-
propriation bills, unless they are clearly _ in
pursuance of law, or to carry into execntiou
an existing treaty, and having no relation to
lands or any other matters outside ol an
appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The.question is
on agreeing to the amendment of the Senator
from Kansas, as amended.
The question being put, a division was called
for; and the ayes were twelve.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is a further count
insisted upon?
Mr. POMERQY. I will not insist upon it
at this staae. There is not anything i;i ih.a
amendment now. The Senator from Ohio has
made a, speech against ^metidnienls in gen-
eral.
The VICE PRESIDENT, The amendment
is not agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator's remarks
apply very well to almost everything else; but
there is nothing in the world in this ameno-
ment.
The hill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on concurring in the amendments made as
in Committee of the Whole, is a separate
vote demanded on any of the amendments?
If not, the question will be taken on the amend-
ments in gross.
Mr. POMEROY, I desire to have a sep-
arate vote on tlje last amendment in the bill
reported from the -Committee on Appropria-
tions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. In regaru to
what subject?
Mr. POMEROY. I refer to the section
which proposes to repeal the intercourse law
between the Indians and the whites, and which
piovides that no awards adjusted under the
intercourse law shall be paid out of any appro-
priation made in the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Is it worth while
to discuss it again at this stage?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amendment
will be reserved.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. There was jiu
amendment made in Committee of the Wiio-Ie,
making an appropriation for the collection
and removal of the Kickapoo Indians, now on
the borders of Mexico, which I desire to except
from the general submission of $menJiuc-ntv
so that we may have a separate vote upon it
in the Senate. . , ,
Mr. HABLA.N, That is an
making an appropna
purpose.
■ ion of $25,000 for tm.!
