1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
n
I am perfectly a*wtire of the objection which
may be raised to my amendment, that it con-
fers very large powers upon the Secretary of
the Interior. It undoubtedly does; butitseems
to me that after the discussion Which we have
had here it is apparent that it willnot be possible
to gather all the information and all thestatistics
that we ought to have unless we invest the
Secretary ot the Interior with power to collect
such additional information and statistics as in
his judgment may be proper. It is impossible
for us to enumerate in a bill all that it may be
found desirable toi have. I think it is a
sufficient answer to the objection which I
have anticipated that the Secretary of the
Interior is a gentleman who will not abuse any
power that we may intrust to him. He is a
gentleman whose great learning and ability we
allknow, and in whose judgment and discretion
we can all confide. It is so important that the
information to be collected should embrace
everything of interest to the' people of the
country within the general scope of this bill
that it is better to intrust the Secretary of the
Interior with these enlarged and additional
powers than to run the risk of failing to have
that which we ought to secure.
It will be seen that tha amendment which I
have submitted embraces three propositions.
In the first place it provides that the Secretary
of the Interior may gather, through the officers
provided in this bill, the information and sta-
tistics he may deem proper. This will supply
any omissions in the provisions of the bill,
which with all our foresight cannot bo made
perfect. In the next place it authorizes the
Secretary of the Iuterior to call upon every
officer of the National Government for such
information and statistics as he may have within
his control. It may be desirable to gather
from some of the Departments of the Govern-
ment here at Washington or elsewhere many
facts of great value. There is much valuable
information within their control, which may
be prepared, collated, condensed, and incor-
porated into the statistics which are to be pub-
lished. There is much information in the
Treasury Department, and in fact in all the
Departments, which if properly collated and
presented would be very valuable to the people
of the country. Let usfhave the statistics of
the Army and Navy during the last decade; of
the volunteers and drafted men ; of the soldiers
killed in battle; of those who died of disease
or wasted away in southern prison pens ; the
extent and character of our national ceme-
teries; the number of pensioners; thestatistics
of our great battles ; the troops furnished by
each of the States and Territories, with other
valuable matter which should be within the
reach of every citizen.
The statistics of the Treasury Department,
dispersed in inaccessible and voluminous re-
ports, constitute a sealed book to the people
now. These could be classified and condensed
so as to be accessible to all the people. Let
them know the operations of the tariff and
internal revenue laws, the expenditures of the
Government in war and peace, the facts of
commerce, finance, and banking during the
last ten years. Let us have all that pertains to
the interests of labor and agriculture, these
greatest sources of national arid individual
wealth. Let us have the statistics of immigra-
tion, the settlement of the public lands, and a
great variety of facts which I cannot now con-
sider, but which the mature labor and pro-
found research of the Secretary of the Interior
could present in a valuable and desirable form.
Then my amendment provides further that
the Secretary of the Interior may call upon
any officer acting under State authority for any
informationliemaypossess. lapprehend that
this will be found to be an economical arrange-
ment. Already in many if not most of the
States official reports are made of the resources
and operations of railroad, insurance, tele-
graphic, and other corporations, which might
be secured in a form to supersede the necessity
of gathering some of the materials required to
be collected by the enumerators provided for
in this bill.
Many of the States have created the office
of statistician whose labors furnish facts which
could be collated with great advantage. Among
the ablest of these I may name a distinguished
gentleman of my own State, Hon. E. D. Mans-
field, to whose valuable labors, extensive re-
search, and great attainments, shown in his
annual reports, the people of Ohio and the
country cannot give too much credit. We had
a Commissioner of Statistiesunderthe authority
of Congress, and something might be collated
from his labors.
One word more as to another feature of this
bill. I believe we would secure greater econ-
omy and efficiency by employing the officers
of the internal revenue system to take the cen-
sus. Let the assessors and collectors of each
congressional district perform without addi-
tional compensation the duties devolved by
this bill on district superintendents. Let the
assistant assessors, with such others as may be
required, take the enumeration of the people
and gather the statistics, and make the com-
pensation the same as the enumerators provided
for in this bill. But I will not discuss this
now. I trust the amendment I have submitted
may be agreed to. Many railroad returns and
other corporate returns are made to State offi-
cers. They are sworn returns, and contain in-
formation of a very important and reliable
character which can bo obtained and thereby
enable us to dispense with the necessity of tak-
ing much of the enumeration provided for in
this bill. I have thrown out these suggestions
for the consideration of this committee, for I
think they are sufficiently important to deserve
their consideration.
Mr. ALLISON. I hope that this amend-
ment will not be insisted upon by the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] just at this
time. He as well as other members of the
committee will observe that further on in this
hill wo liave-provided particularly and specific-
ally for all the important items of information
upon the various subjects which ought to be
treated of in a census bill. Now, I have as
much faith in the ability, good seuse, and judg-
ment of the Secretary of the Interior as has the
gentleman from Ohio ; but at the same time if
we undertake to require anything in this bill
we ought at least to reasonably limit the author-
ity of the Secretary of the Interior with refer-
ence to theso provisions.
One provision of the section which the gen-
tleman proposes requires that the Secretary
of the Interior shall ask of the officers of the
Government for such information as he may
deem necessary, and to incorporate it in the
census publications. I believe we already have
enumerated for publication and distribution all
the information which it is necessary to obtain
from the various Departments of tho Govern-
ment.
Now, I do not think it is wise to give so
large a latitudo of discretion to any officer of
the Government. I especially request the gen-
tleman to withdraw his amendment until we
shall have fully considered sections twenty-six
and twenty-seven and the amendments which
the committee propose to offer to those sec-
tions, and which 1 think will cover all the
points the gentleman desires to cover or which
are important.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I would suggest to the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Allison] that we
can vote upon this proposition now as well as
at some future period. Every member is as
well prepared now to vote upon the proposition
to enlarge the power of the Secretary of the
Interior as he will be at any future time. Let
us have a vote upon it now.
Mr. ALLISON. One word further. It
seems to me that if we allow any discretion to
the Secretary of tho Interior or the Superin-
tendent of the Census it should be a discretion
to require additional information with reference
to the particular subjects that the bill contem-
plates shall be inquired about. Neither of
these officers should be allowed to range over
the whole country, and to include in these cen-
sus returns particular information with refer-
ence to any and every subjeetthat ift his judg-
ment ought to be comprehended in a census.
I think, therefore, that this provision is entirely
too latitudinous in its character and will cover
too many things. I hope it will not be adopted.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to amend by
striking out the last word of the pending sec-
tion. I make this motion for the purpose of
explaining another amendment which I may
have no opportunity to debate. I ask the Clerk
to read the twenty-third section of the act under
which the census of 1850 was taken.
The Clerk read as follows :
"And be it further enacted. That if no other law be
passed providing for the taking of the eighth or any
subsequent census of the United States on or before
the 1st day of January of any year when, by tho
Constitution of theUnited States, any future enum-
eration of tho inhabitants thereof is required to bo
taken, such census shall in all things be taken and
completed according to the provisions of this act."
Mr. SCOFIELD. It will be observed, Mr.
Chairman, that if this hill should fail and no
olher take its place, the census wonld be taken
under the act of 1850. Not only the census
of 1850, but the census of 1860, was taken
under that act; and all prior censuses were
taken under acts substantially similar with
reference, at least, to all the machinery em-
ployed. I like the act of 1850 much better
than the present bill. I like its machinery
much better. We have now four sets of Uni-
ted States officers—the marshal and his assist-
ants, the commissioner of bankruptcy, the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, with his
assistants, and the assessors, with their assist-
ants. Wo now propose to add to these four
setsof United States officers the district super-
intendents and the enumerators, making live
sets ; and I donot know how many more setsof
officers we arc to have before the session is over
to swarm through our congressional districts.
It brings to my mind the remembrance of
Dr. Sangrado in Gil Bias, whose whole system
of practice consisted in giving his patients more
warm water after he had drawn from them more
and more blood. Here tho cry seems to be for
more and more offices. The constant prescrip-
tion seems to be let us us have more Federal
officers. We have now Federal officers who
have taken the census eight different times in
this country, who have taken the census the
first time it was taken and the last time it was
taken, and all the intermediate times. They
have done their duty well.
I have heard some gentlemen say that tho
last census was not well taken. I have forgot-
ten underwhose direction the census was taken,
but I am sure that every one who has studied
that census must admit that it was well taken.
If any gentleman will look at the schedules
under that census he will find that they are far
superior to those provided for in this bill. I
believe that the machinery under which that
census was taken was better than that which is
now proposed. In looking at these schedules
I find that one of the most important products
of my State is not provided for at all.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I suppose the
gentleman refers to the "poor man's light."
Mr. SCOFIELD. If any friend wants mo
to name it I will tell him that I do refer to rock
oil. But I do not say this by way of complaint,
nor for the purpose of criticising the skill and
ability with which the bill has been prepared.
I know how ungracious it is for some gentle-
men who do not understand the subject very
well to come in and criticise the action of a
committee which does. I do not propose to
criticise their labors, but I do say that I am
opposed to their machinery. I do not like tho
multiplication of officers. Heretofore we have
had one set of officers, and now it is proposed
to give us four or five Sets.
