2330
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
be required for the transportation of military sap-
plies in time of war, and of meeting the commercial
necessities'of the valley of tho Mississippi, with lib-
erty to report by bill or otherwise, as they may deem
best.
Mr. STEVENSON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin,
ono of its clerks, announced that the Senate
liucl passed without amendment a joint resolu-
tion of the House oftbe following title:
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 218) expressing
tht' sympathy of Congress at the death of Major
General George H. Thomas.
The message also announced that the Senate
hud passed a concurrent resolution for printing
additional copies of the report of the Smith-
sonian Institution for 18C9; in which the con-
currence of the House was requested.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed a joint resolution of the fol-
lowing title; in which the concurrence of the
House was requested:
Joint resolution (S. No. 167) relating to
officers of the Soldiers' Homo.
Mr. ALLISON. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Ponding the motion to adjourn,
LAND LAWS FOR ALASKA.
Mr. JULIAN. I desilte to enter amotion
to reconsider the vote by which the House on
yesterday referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands a bill (H. It. No. 1657) extending
tho land laws of the United States over tho
territory of Alaska.
Mr. COX. 1 move to lay the motion to
reconsldcr on the table.
The SPEAKER. That is not in order, as
there is a motiou to adjourn pending. The
motion to reconsider will be entered upon the
Journal.
The question recurred upon tho motion to
adjourn.
Tho motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at five o'clock and ten minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, kto.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ARCHER: Tho petition of Henry
Tyson, esq., Messrs. Denmead & Son, and 40
shipping firms of Baltimore city, praying that
positive rank be given to staff officers of the
Navy.
By Mr. BRADFORD: A memorial of the
city council of Black Hawk City, Colorado, ask-
ing for the passage of the bill now before Con-
gress providing for the entry of the sites of
Central City and Black Hawk City.
By Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts: The
petition of Samuel Aspinwall Goddard, of
.Birmingham, England, a native ofBrooldine,
Massachusetts, to be allowed to export to the
United States free of duty four or five hundred
of liis books on the American war, written in
England during the rebellion.
Also, the memorial of John Luther Vance,
(or indemnity.
By Mr. CALKIN: A petition of citizens of
New York city, asking for a specific duty
on ladies' corsets, in place of tho present ad
valorem duty.
By Mr. COOK: A remonstrance of citizens
of Peru, Illinois, against tho passage of the
funding bill.
Also, a remonstrance of citizens of Ottawa,
Illinois, against the funding bill.
Also, a remonstrance of citizensof Wilming-
ton, Illinois, against the passage of the fund-
ing bill.
Hy My, COX • The petition of Williams,
Binnie & Co. and 60 others, merchants of New
York city, for free pig lead.
By Mr. DIXON: The petition of William
W. Law, asking pay of a lieutenant while
holding a commission giving him that rank in
the Navy.
By Mr. ELDRIDGE: The memorial of
Hon. E. M. Everett, against the reconstruction
of the State of Tennessee and against the inter-
ference with said State by Congress.
By Mr. EARNS WORTH: The memorial
J. C. Crunsh, E. G-. Ayre, and others, of Har-
vard, Illinois, against tho passage of tho fund-
ing bill.
By Mr. HEFLIN; A petition from a largo
number of citizens of Tallapoosa county, Ala-
bama^ praying Congress to abolish the frank-
ing privilege.
Also, a petition from a largo niimber of cit-
izens of Clay county, Alabama, praying Con-
gross to abolish the franking privilege.
By Mr. JENCKES: The petition of Hop-
tonstall & Stone, for increase of duties on
corsets.
By Mr. KELLEY: The petition of Lydia
Robinson, praying for relief in consideration
of the services of her grandfather, Captain
John Douglass, during the revolutionary war.
Also, the petition of Ann M. Tatem, praying
for relief in consideration of the sorvicosand suf-
ferings of her father during the war with Tripoli.
By Mr. KNOTT: A memorial of the Louis-
ville Liquor Dealers' Association, praying sun-
dry amendments to the internal revenue law
of J illy '20, 1808.
By Mr. MYE11S: A petition of the Union
Medical Association of Philadelphia, Dr. W.
11. Garringer, president, Dr. H. \V. Ozias, sec-
retary, for the passage of a law giving assimi-
lated rank t.0 medical officers of the Navy.
liy Mr. N15GLEY : A petition of citizens of
Pennsylvania, for an amendment to the Consti-
tution of the United States, namely, humbly
acknowledging Almighty God as the source of
all authority and power in civil government,
the Lord Jesus Christ as the Ruler among the
nations, and His revealed will as of supremo
authority in order to constitute a Christian
Government.
Also, apetition of merchants, manufacturers,
and citizens, numbering 1,1370, of Pittsburgand
Alleghany cities, Pennsylvania, that what is
known as the "income or war tax" bo permit-
ted to expire by its own limitation, namely, A.
D. 1870, to be again revived only by the exi-
gencies that called it forth. They ask for no
reduction or modification ; but for its entire
abrogation, being convinced from tho experi-
ence of the past three years that the tendency
of this enactment, is to sap the foundation of
public morals and to weaken the respect of the
people for tho necessary and salutary provis-
ions of the revenue system. Its unequal, odi-
ous, and inquisitorial features arc repugnant to
the instincts of the people, and can be tolerated
only as a last resort in time of war, and not to
be thought of in profound peace. Lot tho tax
be laid in any other way.
By Mr. O'NEILL: A report and resolu-
tions of the Board of Trade of Philadelphia,
recommending the construction of a harboi of
refuge for vessels on Block Island.
By Mr. RICE: A memorial of tho Louisville
Liquor Dealers' Association, asking a revision
and modification of the internal revenue law
of July 20, 1868. and the amendment of April
10, 1869.
By Mr. SARGENT: A memorial from Oal-
ifornia, on tho ship-building interests of the
United States.
By Mr. SMYTH, of Iowa: A petition of Ira
M. Gifford and D. C. Porter, of Davenport,
Iowa, against tho seventh section of the fund-
ing bill passed by the Senate.
Also, a memorial of a meeting of the Daven-
port Cigar-Makers' Union No. 01, held at the
city of Davenport, Iowa, February 26, 1870,
relative to the duty on imported cigars and
,tobacco.
By Mr. SPINK: A petition praying for the
establishment of a mail route from Algorma, in
the State of Iowa, to Yaneton, in the Territory
of Dakota.
By Mr. STILES : A petition of citizens of
Fairview, Montgomery county, Pennsylvania,
praying for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege.
By Mr. STOUGHTON: The petition ofHon.
J. J. Woodman and many others, citizens of
Paw Paw, ^Michigan, against the provisions of
section seven of the funding bill, so called, as
unjust and calculated to disturb the currency
of the country.
Also, the petition of Hon. E. Lakin Brown
and many others, citizens of Schoolcraft, Mich-
igan, on the same subject and to the same effect.
Also, the petition of Hon. 0. C. Prutsman
aud many others, citizens of Three Rivers,
Michigan, on the same subject and to the same
effect.
Also, the petition of L. Hull and many others,
citizensof Kalamazoo, Michigan, on the same
subject and to the same effect.
By Mr. TWICHELL: The petition of Isaac
Taylor and over 100 others, merchants of
Boston, in favor of American shipping, &c.
By Mr. WILLIAMS : A memorial of 20 cit-
izens of Elkhart, Indiana, praying Congress to
strike out the seventh section of the funding
bill now pending before Congress.
IN SENATE.
Friday, April 1, 1870.
Prayer by Rev. J. G. Butler, Chaplain of
the House of Representatives.
Tho Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of yesterday.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 move to dispense with
the further reading of tho Journal.
Mr. CASSERLY. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California objects. 'The reading will be
continued.
The Secretary resumed and concluded the
reading of tho Journal.
SHNATOIt I'ltOM 1'LORIDA.
Mr. OSBORN. I rise to present the cre-
dentials of Judge 0. B. Hart, who was elected
by the Legislature of Florida at its last session, to
take tho placc of my colleague, [Mr. Gilbert.]
The papers as they came into my hands are,
first, the certificate of the election of O. B.
llart to the Senate of the United States ; sec-
ond, an additional certificate of the election
of Ossian B. Hart to the United States Sen-
ate: and third, the petition of O. B. Hart to
the Senate of the United States.
My own impression, Mr. President, is that
rny colleague [Mr. Gilbert] was legally elected
by the Legislature of the State of Florida to
ins seat hero in the Senate; but since his elec-
tion there have been several incidental ques-
tions presented in the State which have dissat-
isfied certain members of the Legislature and
certain State officials, and led them to doubt
the legality of the election ; and with a view
of testing the question as to the legality of Mr.
Gilbert's election to the Senate this election
was held. 1 ask that the petition and accom-
panying papers be referred to the Judiciary
Committee, hoping that as soon as may jje
consistent with their duties the matter will be
fully investigated by them.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator fro tn
Florida presents certain papers from the Legis-
lature of Florida and the Governor of Florida,
claiming that 0. B. Hart is elected United
States Senator in place of the sitting member,
Mr. Gilbert, whom they claim to have been
illegally elected, and asks that they be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DRAKE. 1 ask that the petition of
Mr. Hart be read.
Mr. OSBORN, One moment, if the Senator
pleases. I present also the journals of the
L'^islftturp. both in tho election of Senator
