74
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
- Mr. WILKINSON. Does the gentleman
suppose that we have a set of marshals suffi-
cient in number to take this census?
Mr. SCOFIELD. We-have about fifty-two
marshals, and they with the assistants which
they are authorized tq appoint under the act of
1850, are sufficient to take this census. These
marshalshave their deputies already appointed,
and if they are notenoughladditional ones can
be appointed. . ' . _ -
As I stated yesterday, this bill will require
nearly four hundred thousand dollars more in
one item for the same service that was required
by the act of 1850. I now withdraw the amend-
ment I offered, and jnove to strike out the
enacting-clause of the bill. I have made ray
remarks on the amendment which I have with-
drawn because the rules do not allow debate on
the motion I now make, although I trust debate
will be allowed by general consent.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman,
T nA^irp fa
The CHAIRMAN. This motion is not de-
batable.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Will the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] renew
his amendment, that I may speak on it ?
Mr. SCOFIELD. Will there be any objec-
tion to debate?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Then I withdraw my mo-
tion and renew my amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I rise to oppose
the amendment offered. I regret we had not
this motion made at the beginning of the ses-
sion of the committee, in order to save time
if that motion should be found to express the
pleasure of the committee. I regret, also, if
that should be the case, that the House should
find itself in this difficult position. If the
committee which was intrusted with the work
of preparing this bill have made a mistake
in doing their work, if they have done their
work badly, if their work ought to be rejected,
then their failure is probably fatal to any im-
provement on previous censuses. For it is
now too late to have a better bill. We must
take this bill in the main, with such amend-
ments as the House may make on it, or take
the old law entire, slave schedules and all. I
very much regret that the House of Represent-
atives did not get a committee more entirely
under the influence of economical consider-
ations; one that was wiser; one that would have
brought in " the poor man's light;" one that
would have prepared as good schedules as were
prepared for the census of twenty years ago.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scho-
1'ielu] says that we have not got as good sched-
ules ; that our machinery is not as good ; that
the committee, instead of profiting by the past,
have made the worst use they could of the past.
If we are in this sad situation I ask the Com-
mittee of the Whole to determine the question
now, whether we are to go further with the bill
or not?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I withdraw the amend-
ment,_ and renew the motion to strike out the
enacting clause of the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. If that should prevail
it will be the duty of the committee to rise and
report the amendment.
The question being put on the motion to
strike out the enacting clause of the bill, it
was not agreed to.
The Clerk read, the next section, as follows :
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That the super-
intendent, his chief clerk, district superintendents,
and enumerators aro hereby authorized to transmit
through the post office any paper or document relat-
ing to the census, by writing thereon "official busi-
ness—census," and subscribing the same, with the
addition to his name of his official title,- but this
privilege shall extend to nothing but documents and
papers relating to the census, which shall pass free.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to strike out
that section. I do it for the purpose of testing
the sense of the House on the question of the
franking privilege. The abolition of the frank-
ing privilege has been strongly recommended
by the Postmaster General and by the Presi-
dent of the United States. Here is an attempt
to extend the franking privilege. By this sec-
tion it is proposed to extend it to a large addi-
tional number of officers. I make the motion
to strike out with a view of testing the sense
of the House on the question preliminarily to
reporting a bill to abolish the franking privi-
lege altogether.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to gay
in response to the gentleman from Illinois that
a motion to strike out this section is no test of
the question of abolishing the franking privi-
lege. We might leave it out, but that would not
affect the general question at all. The commit-
tee put the section in here, first, because it was
in the old law, and second, because if the frank-
ing privilege be retained at all it ought to be
retained here. If by an act which the gentle-
man shall report—and I say in advance that if
it be properly framed I shall vote with him if
he votes for it—we shall abolish the general
franking privilege this will fall with that act.
Do not let us strike out this section when we
may not abolish the franking privilege every-
where. Let us rather leave it in, and then when
we come to act on the general question as a
matter of course a bill to abolish the franking
privilege will abolish it here as well as else-
where.
I say, therefore, that the gentleman's motion
is no test question, and I shall vote against it,
though I am in favor of abolishing the franking
privilege.
Mr. COBB, of North Carolina. I move to
amend the section proposed to be stricken out
by striking out all after the word "enumer-
ators," in line three, down to the end of the
section, and inserting in lieu thereof "shall
make out a true account, properlv verified, of
the amount actually expended for postage on
their official correspondence, which amount
shall be allowed to them ;" so that it will read :
Sec. 16. And be it further enacted, That the super-
intendent, his chief clerk, district superintendents,
and enumerators shall make out a true account,
properly verified, of the amount actually expended
for postage on their official correspoodenco, which
amount shall be allowed to them.
I do not desire that these officers who take
the census shall be required to pay their own
postage* expenses ; but I am decidedly opposed
to any further extension or enlargement of the
franking privilege. I think the officers who
take the census should be allowed their ex-
penditures for postage, as my amendment pro-
poses.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise simply to say
that I shall be entirely satisfied with the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Cobb,] and if it prevails I will
not insist upon my motion to strike out the
section. It is manifestly proper that these
officers shall be allowed their necessary post-
age. But it seems to be hardly proper to ex-
pend the franking privilege when shortly it will
be proposed to abolish it entirely. For one I
am decidedly in favor and earnestly hope that
Congress will follow the recommendation of
the ^President and the Postmaster General. I
desire to test the correctness of the estimate
of the Postmaster General as to the amount
of saving that the abolition of the franking
privilege will produce to the Government.
There are thousands and thousands of per-
sons now entitled to the franking privilege,
of whom several thousands are postmasters.
Then there are ex-Presidents, internal revenue
officers, &c. And it is here proposed to in-
crease the already large number of officeholders
entitled to the franking privilege when I had
hoped we were on the eve of a reform in that
direction. Now, let us begin right here; and
I ask_ every member^ who is in favor of the
abolition of the franking privilege to vote with
me on this question.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to ask mycol-
league [Mr. Famtsworth] if this section
should be stricken out will it bring about the
reform he desires? Under the law now are
not all the letters and documents addressed to
the Secretary of the Interior on official busi-
ness allowed to go through the mails free of
postage? And would not the enumerators
and superintendents connected with the census
send their communications to the Secretary of
the Interior free of postage, even if this section
should be stricken out?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not understand
that this correspondence will be sent to the
Secretary of the. Interior, but to the Superin-
tendent of the Census.
Mr. INGERSOLL. He is in the same
Department, and the correspondence sent to
him will be governed by the same rule.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Cobb, of North Carolina ; and it
was not agreed, to.
The question was then taken upon the motion
of Mr. Farnsworth to strike out the section;
and upon a division—ayes twenty-eight, noes
not counted—it was not agreed to.
Mr. MARSHALL. I move to amend by
adding at the end' of the pending section the
following:
And any superintendent, clerk, district superin-
tendent, or enumerator who shall use or exercise
this privilege for any purpose other than the legiti-
mate discharge of the duties of his office shall be
deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon convic-
• tion shall forfeit a sum not exceeding $100.
Mr. ALLISON. That is all right. .
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend by inserting
after the word "census," near the end of the
pending section, the words " and directed to
officers connected therewithso that the last
sentence will read :
But this privilege shall extend to nothing but
documents and papers relating to the census, and
directed to offioers connected therewith, which shall
pass free.
Mr. JENCKES. I wish to suggest an in-
quiry to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Davis. ] Suppose that any of the enumerators
wish to send by mail some of their inquiries,
or that the district superintendents wish to send
by mail some of the schedules to different par-
ties, should these officers be obliged to pay
postage in such cases ?
Mr. DAVIS. If these officers wish to relieve
themselves in that way from the labor of per-
forming their duties let them pay the postage.
Unless a restriction such as I propose be
inserted these officers may carry on the whole
of their private correspondence without paying
postage.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. A considerable
portion of the statistics required to be taken
under this bill are to be obtained by the cen-
tral office through the means of direct corre-
spondence, without sending an enumerator,
thus saving expense. If this amendment pre-
vails the Superintendent of the Census would
be required to pay a very large amount of post-
age on blanks, schedules, and letters of inquiry
sentthrough the mails and wholly devoted to the
business of the census. I hope my friend from
New York will not press his amendment.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. JENCKES. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the word " superintendents," in line
two, the words " special deputies."
The amendment was agreed to.
_ Mr. BINGfeAM. I move that the committee
rise.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope my col-
league will withdraw that motion until the next
section has been read.
Mr. BINGHAM. Very well; I withdraw it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I renew the motion that
the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr.
Dawes reported that the Committ.ee' of the
Whole on the state of the Union, pursuant to
order, had had under consideration House
bill No. 424, to provide for taking the ninth
census of the United States, and to fix the
number of members of the House of Represent-
atives and to provide for their future appor-
