1386
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
from Illinois. That couft-house contains all
the offices of the General Government in Port-
land. It is not only for lawyers, but for the
revenue officers, the judges, clerks, marshals,
&c. The furniture provided is for a very large
building. Aside from the post office it is the
only Government building in Portland, Maine.
It is a building that was authorised by the votes
of gentlemen on this floor, as I can show bv the
record, and that hascost several hundred thou-
sand dollars. It is a marble building, one hun-
dred and fifty feet long and about eighty feet
wide and three stories high. Is it wonderful that
the furniture for snch a building, which is to
accommodate half a doxen public offices, should
cost $25,000? We order the erection of such
buildings by our votes, and then quarrel with
the architect about the cost.
But let me show the House the necessity for
ft supervising architect. We bought $600,000
worth of laud in the city of New York for the
purposes of a post office. After buying the land
we appointed a commission to decide upon a
plan for the building. That commission could
not decide which plan was best, and they
recommended a combination of three plans,
giving $5,000 apiece to the designers of the
three brat plans, or $15,000 for a plan. The
combination plan turned oat to be utterly value-
less. It provided for a span of fifty-eight feet
in a room in the lowest story of a four-story
building, without any support, and the whole
thing had to be thrown away. The supervising
architect then got up a new plan, and be has
pressed forward the work with more diligence
and more efficiency than wen ever before ex-
hibited in the case of a public building, so that
the Federal Government can point to its post-
office building and contrast the work done on
that building with that done on the State court-
house in New York city, which has cost so
many yean of labor and so many million dol-
lars. Now, His said that this architect is build- ;
iog buildings all over the country. That is true. !
How comes he to do so? Because we in Con- j
gress appropriate the money and order him to j
do it, and should tarn him out in five minutes
if he did not do it. He does not erect build-
ings anywhere where he is not authorized and
ordered to do it. Bat it is said that he resorts
to the machinery of photography to produce
copiesof his plans. Well, that is economy. It
is the same kind of ceonomy that you would
practice in buying a copying-press instead of
employing a clerk to copy your letters. Again,
it is said that he has Constructed desks which
cost eight hundred or a thousand dollars. I
observed that the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Farnsworth] said he was "informed" so. I
do not know who his informant was, but I
venture to say he did not tell the truth. i
tHere the hammer fell.] !
Ir. DAWES. I merely desire to say that
my colleague [Mr. Butler] and the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] insist upon
discussing the character of this man in con-
nection with the office.
Mr. FARN8WORTH. Not at all.
Mr. DAW ES. If we are to go into that it will
take hours, and there will be a great deal to be
said controverting what my colleague has just
said touching that particular building at New
York. The Committee on Appropriations, as
well as the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, are fall of facts which ought to be
known, but they ought to be known to the man
who is responsible for the building. If this
man is not a proper man for the office he holds,
that is not our responsibility, but the responsi-
bility of some one else who permits him to be
there. That somebody ought to be discharg-
ing the duties of this office I have heard nobody
controvert, and -whoever discharges the duties
of the office, and discharges them properly, mast
have an appropriation for that service.
If my colleague persists, or the gentleman
from Illinois persists in discussing the qualifi-
cations ofthe man who holds this office, why, the
Committee on Appropriations will have some-
thing to say upon that point; but I beg the
House to consider that each functionary has
his proper duties to discharge, and that it is
the duty of some one else, with all the facts
before him, to say whether this man can longer
be continued in office with a due regard to
economy in the expenditures of the public
money upon public works. The array of facts,
' Mr. Chairman, upon that point is such that
those who are responsible for holding this man
i in office cannot turn their backs upon it. The
people will demand that they who are respons-
ible for the continuance of this state of things
shall take note of the state of things itself; and
1 do not, for one, mean that there shall be any
longer any excuse for not knowing it. But our
duty here is to provide for the office.
I now move that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Cbsska
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
' the state of the Union, pursuant to order of
the House, had had under consideration the
Union generalhr, and particularly the special
order, being House bill No. 974, making ap-
propriations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the
year ending June 80, 1871, and had come to
no resolution thereon.
order of business.
Mr. LOGAN. I rise to a privileged question.
Mr. BECK. I also rise to a privileged ques-
tion.
Mr. LOGAN. I rise to a correction of the
Journal.
Mr. BECK. I desire to submit a report
from a committee of conference.
The SPEAKER. The report from a com-
mittee of conference has preference, as a ques-
tion of higher privilege.
military academy appropriation.
Mr. BECK submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (H. R. No. 782) making appropriations for the
support of the Military Academy for the fiscal year
ending June 30,1871, having met, after full and free
conference have agreed to recommend, and do rec-
ommend to their respective Houses as folio we:
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the first amendment of the
Senato and agree to the same.
That the Senato recede from their second amend-
ment. .
JAMES B. BECK.
ROBERT C. SCHICK,
Managrrt on the part oftht Houte.
HENRY WILSON,
C. SCHURZ,
J. P. STOCKTON.
Manager i on the part of the Senate.
Mr. BECK. I will say that the amendment
from its disagreement to which it is recom-
mended that the House shall recede will make
a saving of $100. And the amendment from
which it is recommended that the Senate shall
recede, is the amendment of the Senate striking
out that portion ofthe original bill providing for
the appointment of members of each House of
Congress on the Board of Visitors to the West
Point Military Academy.
The report of the committee of conference
was then agreed to.
Mr. BECK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the House agreed to the report of the
committee of conference; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
personal explanations.
Mr. LOGAN. I find that in the record of
the vote npon the resolution of the Committee
of Elections giving Mr. Van Wyck a seat on
this floor, I am put down as voting in the nega-
tive. I voted in the affirmative, as I suppose
the Chair will recollect.
The SPEAKER. The Chair distinctly recol-
lects that the gentleman voted in the affirmative
upon that resolution; and the Clerk informs
the Chair that the Journal is corrected.
Mr. KNAPP. The record of the vote npon
the resolution referred to by the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Logan] does not show that
I voted at all, while the fact is that I voted in
the affirmative. I should not have mentioned
this had it not been that my attention has been
called to the fact that upon the passage of the
bill abolishing the franking privilege I am
recorded as not voting, while I in fact voted
in the affirmative.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman refer
to the record in the Journal or in the Globe?
Mr. KNAPP. The record in the Globe is
all that I have seen.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk informs the
Chair that the gentleman is recorded in the
Journal as voting for the resolution to which
he refers.
Mr. KNAPP. And liow about my vote on
the bill abolishing the franking privilege?
The SPEAKER. That is so far back that
the Clerk cannot now recollect; that part of
the Journal is not now here.
national asylum for volunteers.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask unanimous consent to
have taken from the Speaker's table, out of its
regular order, Senate joint resolution No. 117,
to pass to the credit of the National Asylum
for Disabled Volunteer Soldiers the fund be
longiug to it for the relief of wounded soldiers,
for reference to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
No objection was made; and accordingly the
joint resolution was taken from the Speaker's
table, read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
captured ordnance.
Mr. BOYD, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 104) au-
thorizing the Secretary of War to place at the
disposal of the judges of the county court of
Greene county, State of Missouri, certain cap-
tured ordnance ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
black bob indian lands.
Mr. CLARKE, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution j which was
read, considered, and adopted :
lletolved, That a message be sent to the Senate
requesting that tho papers in the case of the Black
Bod Indian lands, in the State of Kansas, transmitted
to the Senate by the Secretary ofthe Interior, be seut
to the House for reference to the Commitea on Indian
| Affairs.
i Mr. SCOFIELD. I move that the various
votes of reference and recommittal to-day be
reconsidered; and I also move that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
| sals of cadktships, ktc.
! Mr. LOGAN. A resolution of the House
a few days since directed the Committee on
i Military Affairs to inquire in regard to the
I alleged sale by members of Congress of cadet-
ships at West Point, and appointments in the
[ Naval Academy. No appropriation was made,
| however, for the payment of witnesses. We
have had quite a number of witnesses before
us, but they have not been able to obtain their
pay._ It is necessary that a bill shall be passed
making an appropriation for that purpose. I
ask unanimous consent of the House to intro-
duce a bill for that purpose and have it passed by
the House now, in order that it may be sent to
the Senate for their action as soon as possible.
The bill is entitled " An act making an appro-
priation to defray the expenses of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs."
Mr. SCOFIELD. I shall object to the pas-
sage of any bill at this late hour.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read, after
which there will be an opportunity for objec-
tion to its consideration.
The bill was read. It proposes to appro-
priate $3,000, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, to defray the expenses incurred by
the Committee on Military Affairs in conduct-
ing the investigation ordered by the House of
