3T2
APPENDIX IX) THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 24,
Ho. op Kbps.
Duty on Lumber—Mr. Ferry.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
which at 10 cents per bushel duty would be
$186. Deducting the $10 duty upon the lum-
ber he consumes would leave a net gain under
the tariff to the farm of $126. So the reported
product of SObushels to the acre as the average
of lands in Missouri would be $120, leaving
a net gain of $110; and in Iowa, where the
average crop of wheat is returned at 14 bushels
to the acre, and the tariff on wheat is 20 cents
per bushel, would make $112, a net gain of
$102 for such farm. By the rates of 30 cents
on wheat and 15 cents on corn, which we fixed
in the bill, being an increase of 50 per cent,
over existing tariff, and for which the delega-
tion of Michigan voted, the net gain to the
farmers of the States cited would be 50 percent,
greater than I have named. Furthermore, it is
found that the average cash value per acre of
the product of 1808 in Illinois was $1-1 52 ;
that of Missouri, $17 92; and of Iowa, $13 28.
The average yield of timber per acre in the
pineries, as estimated by competent judges, is
8,750 feet; calling it 4,000 feet, and its value-
say $2 per thousand, double the valuation
fixed in the comparative cost of lumber I have
already exhibited—would be but $8 per acre;
and this only a single crop against the values
of yearly returns in the States mentioned.
In this connection, Mr. Speaker, let me
array before the committee, and especially for
tho consideration of the advocates of repeal of
duty, in a mors general form how seriously
agricultural States might be affected if the rule
of free trade, which they invite, should apply
to other products besides lumber.
The manufacture of lumber involves the
employment of a largo number of men. Em-
ploy6s of various classes engage in the produc-
tion of this groat commodity, and from the
nature of their service are withdrawn from the
class of agricultural producers and become
wholly consumers.
The three States of Michigan, Wisconsin, and
Minnesota thus engage about 08,000 employ6s.
Estimating at tho general ratio for families
would give about 300,000 persons. Add to this
those employed in transporting by water and
land, selling by commission and in yards, in-
cluding local ones scattered throughout the
States, and there will be found to bo a popu-
lation of non-producers and consumers of
agricultural products of over $500,000. Tho
three States mentioned, according to tlw cen-
sus of'1860, hadapopulation of abotitl.600,000,
revealing something like ono third of the popu-
lation of lumbering States dependent upon
others for their agricultural wants. The gen-
tleman from Maine, [Mr. Phtehs,] in his recent
remarks upon the subject, stated that about
ono half of the population of his Stato wore
interested in itslumbering business. It requires
but little foresight to comprehend how. with
other branches of manufactures already estab-
lished and projected, this great source of con-
sumption of tho products ofagrictiltu re enhances
the value of arable lands in States and sections.
This profitable proximity of producer and
consumer, by lessening tho cost of transport-
ation, is well illustrated in the multiplied value
accruing to lands adjoining cities, turned into
gardens whose products of roots and plants
and fruits and flowers pay an enormous profit,
that would be profitless if brought any great
distance to market. Can, therefore, farmers
aflord to support a policy which tends to divert
and break up this lumbering business, contrib-
uting so directly and profitably to their advan-
tage, and compel this large class of consumers
to enter the list in direct competition with their
occupation ? The lumberman carries his lumber
to the market where the products of the farmer
are sold. The one exchanges his commodity
for the other, and both are mutually benefited.
The vast amount of corn, oats, wheat and
flour, pork, be.ef, cattle, and horses, and other
products of various sorts, which are thus an-
nually transferred from farm to forest make a
market too valuable to be ignored. Its extent
and certainty tell forcibly upon the' worth of
farm and soil. I may in proof instance land
in the district of the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Cook.] Let me read from the Bureau
of Statistics, and I will take Will county, in
which the gentleman resides. The value in
that county of improved farms ranges from $40
to $60 per acre, and of unimproved, $20. The
rent of farms is from $5 to $10 per acre, or
one third to one half their crop. In other
parts of Illinois improved farms average $50
per acre, and unimproved $30 to $35, and like
range for leases. In Iowa, for improved farms
the value is from $20 to $25; for unimproved,
from $5 to $10, and leases $2 per acre, or one
third of crop.
In Missouri, in eighteen counties given, the
average is $17 for improved and $10 for unim-
proved farms; and in the county where the
gentleman [Mr.Aspup.] resides land ranges from
$20 to $25 per acre.
It will be observed by this exhibit that the
lands in Illinois are more valuable, and it may
occur to the gentleman that this results mainly
from the closer proximity to market of that
Stato than of the others, who are compelled to
bear the loss of more distant transportation.
In no small degree does the lumbering business
in its various ramifications contribute to en-
hance tho value of agricultural products in the
great mart of Chicago. For a stretch of over
two miles along Chicago river may bo seen
lumber and other products of the forest piled
upon an almost unbroken line of yards and
docks, and, with their multiplied employes in
the various occupations directly dependent
upon this trade, some estimate may be formed
oi'its importance as a channel of consumption
for teeming harvests.
Tho folly of purchasing lumber in the prov-
inces at their advanced prices, adding the
transportation to western and other States,
would be no greater than paying for such pur-
chases in farm products, less the cost of trans-
porting them to the provincial border where
payment mnst bo made. The foreign demand
for lumber at tho West Indies, South America,
and other points has stimulated the enterprise
of Canadian manufacturers, and they to-day
compete not only for that trade, but are rapidly
taking it from us. Canadian lumber that, a
few years ago was thrown upon our markets
to await sales on commission in the States,
now commands such a home price as to com-
pel purchasers to buy and compete with that
South American demand in the markets of
Canada. I quote in proof the following from
the Davis memorial for the repeal of duty :
" Washington, February 25,1870.
"Tho undorsigned, having been requested by a
member of Congress to furnish aomo memoranda of
laetsandstaloments in solution of tho questions found
on outsidopagc.wouldsubmitthe following in behalf
ot tho memorialists i'oi removal of duty oil imported
lumber.
" It is proper, first, to remark that until within five
or six years tho larger part of lumber exported to tho
United Hta.tos wan on consignment for saloon com-
mission principally to the Albany,Troy. Burlington,
and Whitehall markets. Tho decreasing supply of
lumber from Maine, with the almost uiiyiuallelod
demand for consumption, gradually brought about a
change in this respect, making it necessaiy to pur-
chase tho lumber. Contracts are usuall.vmado early
in the season for aportion, or more usually the whole
of a mill cutting for tho year as it runs from the log.
Many contracts have thus already been mado for the
coming season, and a removal of tho duty by the pres-
ent Congress could produce no change in tho price
oi such lumber in Canada.
"It is not assumed by the petitioners forfreo lum-
ber that wo shall bo able to cheek this advance of
prices in Canada by any legislation in tho States.
Large contracts have already been made by parties
in the States for the cutting of 1870 at advanced lates
for tho same lumber in 18G9; and tho writer is in-
formed by a reliable man, direct from Canada, that
deals for export to Europe had advanced £2 per
standard over last year's quotations. We do. how-
ever, maintain against any fear of contradiction
that aremovalof tho heavy duty wilt counterbalance
the present and further ri&e iu Canada, at least for a
time, so as to check further advance of prices in tho
States; and wo submit whether this is not, after all,
the question with the Amerie&n consumer."
If the tariff has not prevented the rise in
prices of Canadian lumber as conceded, upon
what hypothesis, I ask, can these repealers claim
that a removal of the duty will check advance
in the States? The fact stares them in the face
that prices have not advanced in the States but
fallen under the tariff. This memorialist for
free duty admits that since the reciprocity
treaty expired lumber in Canada has advanced
from 15 to 20 per cent.; that no legislation in
the States can arrest this and further advance,
and that contracts for this season have been
made at higher rates than were paid last year.
This advocated policy of free duty on lumber
comes to this, then: that higher rates for Cana-
dian lumber than those of 1869, which were
an average of $10 75 perthousand feet in gold,
must he paid in 1870, to which must be added
the cost of transportation to Albany at $5
per thousand, or to Chicago at $4 per thou-
sand, making the cost on the basis of lastyear's
prices, (without taking into the account the
advanced rates of the present year,) delivered at
Chicago $14 75 per thousand, when, as I have
shown, under a policy of home protection the
price at which American manufactured lumber
sold in the same year and the same market was
$11 30 in currency, or $8 49 in the coin of
Canadian purchases.
There is another view of the case that must
not be lost sight of. Let such a policy be pur-
sued as will break down our manufacturers and
compel us to be at the mercy of our Canadian
neighbors, and what assurance have we that
they will not place a large export duty on
lumber coming to our markets? I cite, as
suggestive of this, a further quotation from
this same Davis memorial:
"In the pamphlet containing copy of thememonal
to Congress, with laols and statements, (ofwbicn this
may bo considered a supplement,) reference was mado
to tho probability that an export tax would bo laid
on lumber by tho (government of Canada.
" It, should liavo been stated that on the 26th Feb-
ruary, 1863, in tho Legislature of tho province of On-
tario, a solcct committee was appointed to memo-
rialize tho Government to establish dutios on stave
and shingle bolts and saw-logs exported from tho
Dominion.
"On tho 11 tb May, 1808, the Government passed an
act imposing tho following dutios:
On shingle bolts, per cord, (12S cubic feet) 81 00
On stave bolts, per cord, (128 cubic loot) 1 00
l'ine and oak logs, per 1,000   2 00
Spruce logs, per 1,000   1 00
which is now in force.
"As yet tho Government has not yielded so far as
to impose a tax upon sawed planks and boards; but
how far this may be an indication toward that act
tho intelligent reader may judge."
Here, then, we see that an export duty has
already been levied for nearly two years on
logs, and it is foreshadowed that the inevitable
sequence will follow iu an export duty upon
lumber. Canadians seem shrewd enough to
practice protection to themselves, and as in-
geniously commending forour benefit a policy
of non-protection. Practical sense would seem
to teach that what is good for thera ought to
be as good for us.
I very well remember, Mr. Speaker, how
Canadian agents, here at the doors of this Hall,
in the Thirty-Ninth Congress, zealously pressed
upon members the importance to the States
of the restoration of reciprocity with the prov-
inces, and how eagerly they watchcd from
these galleries the progress of tho measure,
and how manifest was their unconcealed cha-
grin at its defeat. Why was this? During the '
reciprocity, from 1855 to 1860, the aggregate
exces3 of our imports over exports was §9,735,-
129. In 1866 it rose to $13,960,168; and in
1869 it was $7,893,082, notwithstanding the
imposition of duties. It is not, therefore,
strange that. Canadians should earnestly advo-
cate a policy that carried into their borders a
balance so favorable to their interests. We
also imported from western or Upper Canada
in 1869, 5,969,701 bushels of grain at a cost of
§6,617,603; and the ease and cheapness with
which they can reach our markets will ever
make them competitors with our western grain
