1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
75
tionment among the several States, and had
come to no resolution thereon.
CUtJ A,
Mr. WARD. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous
consent to introduce a petition signed by sev-
enty-two thousand citizens of the State of New
xork, asking Congress to accord belligerent
rights to the people of Cuba and the recogni-
tion of their independence. I ask that the
petition be read, as it is very brief.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The rules provide
how petitions shall be presented.
, The SPEAKER. The rules also provide
that petitions may be presented on the floor
or the House if there be unanimous consent or
by a suspension of the rules. Is there objec-
tion?
?Jr'?A^^W0®TFI. Yes, sir; I object.
Mr. WARD. I withdraw the petition for
the present, and give notice that I shall on
Monday next move to suspend the rules for
the purpose of presenting it.
enrolled bill signed.
ti ^r,'t from the Committee 011
unrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled House bill No.
331, to relieve certain persons therein named
from the legal and political disabilities i mposcd
by tiie fourteenth amendment of the Constitu-
tion of the United States, and for other pur-
poses ; when the Speaker signed the the same.
adjournment ovi3ii.
Mr. ELDRIDGE moved that when the House
adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I suggest that the
session of to-morrow be for debate alone, as
there are several gentlemen who desire to be
heard.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I cannot agree to that,
ihe House divided: and there were—ayes
G8, noes 83.
So the motion was disagreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. ALLISON, (at
three o'clock and forty minutes p. m..) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, Ac., wore presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees :
ByMr. BLAIll: The petition of.f. Turmidiff,
jr., and 400 others, citizens of (he third con-
gressional district of Michigan, for the passage
of au act. granting pensions to soldiers of the
war of 1812,
By Mr. BURR: A petition of citizens of
his district, asking repeal of import duty on
raw hides.
By Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts : The
petition of Samuel ICilborn, for refunding
twelve cents per day deducted from his pay
while employed in Brooklyn navy-yard.
Also, the petition of Samuel Kilborn, to be
refunded twelve cents per day deducted from
his pay in Brooklyn navy-yard for one hundred
and seventy-five days.
Also, the petition of Hannah Hubbard, for
back pension.
By Mr. BURCHARD: The petition of A.
H. Treat and others, of Polo, Ogle county,
Illinois, for the repeal of the duty on hides.
By Mr. CAKE: A memorial of citizens of
Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania, numerously
signed, in favor of protection to home industry,
in which Congress is reminded that the ques- j
tion of protection to American labor is in the .
hands of American mechanics and laborers,
and that those who favor a reduction of the ;
duty on the great staples of the country will be
met af the polls by those who can and will
control the elections.
By Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin: A petition of
letter-carriers of Milwaukee, for increase of
compensation. 1
_ By Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio : Petitions of .
citizens of Ashtabula, Ohio, asking that new i
artificial limbs be given to maimed soldiers
every five years.
By Mr. HO AG: The memorial of W. H.
King, A. P. Ferris, and others, of Fulton
county, Ohio, for the repeal of the duties on
imnorted hides, &c.
Also, the memorial of Bogert & Hart, Bowes,
Brooks & Co., and others, of Lucas county,
Ohio, for the repeal of the duties on imported
hides, &c.
By Mr. KNOTT: The petition of John T.
Damson, for pension as soldier of the war of
1812.
By Mr. LOGAN: The petition of Rear Ad-
miral Joseph Lanman, for difference of pay
between commodore and rear admiral.
By Mr. MORRILL, of Maine: The memorial
of W. J. Keays, for arrears of pay as an officer
of the United States Army in the late civil war.
By Mr. MOORE, of Illinois: A petition
praying for the relief of Thomas E. Scott, late
postmaster at Cerro Gordo, Illinois.
_ By Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri: A peti-
tion of citizeus of Missouri, asking the estab-
lishment of a post route in Missouri.
Also, a petition of citizens of Missouri, ask-
j ing that import duties on hides be remitted,
j By Mr. MeNEELY : The petition of Jep-
; thah Wilson and 90 others, citizens of Brown
| county, Illinois, for the removal of all duties
on hides.
, By Mr. POMEUOY: A petition of40citizens
| of Cerro Gordo county, Iowa, for the repeal of
| duty on foreign hide.*.
; By Mr. ROGERS : The petition of William
; S. Norman, of Union county, Arkansas, pray-
ing for removal of disabilities.
i Also, the petition of William A. Grace, of
j Jefferson county, Arkansas, praying for re-
1 moval of disabilities.
i Also, the petition of .lames H. Hawley, of
i Jefferson county, Arkansas, prayingfurromoval
i of disabilities.
] Also, tlio petition of II. G: P. William*, of
j Union county, Arkansas, for removal of dis-
j abilities.
I By Mr. SWANN : A memorial from certain
i citizens of Baltimore, in reference to the nc-
' knowlcdgment of the independence of Cuba
and the granting of belligerent rights to that
people.
By Mr. UPSON: The petition of William
Ingram and <";> others, citizens of Summit
county, Ohio, asking for the repeal of the duty
on hides.
By Mr. WELKER: The petition of Godfrey
Sehur and 2G others,citizens of Ashland county,
Ohio, asking the removal of the tariff on for-
eign hides.
Also, the petition of C. W. Horr and 32
others, citizens of Lorain county, Ohio, on the
same subject.
Jiy Mr. WILLIAMS: A petition for the relief
of John B. Chapman.
withdrawal of papers.
The following notice for leave to withdraw
papers was given under the rule:
By Mr. F1NKELNBURG: A memorial of
the city of Carondelet, Missouri, concerning
certain lands occupied by the United States for
military purposes.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, ])ecembe>• 11, 1860.
The House metat twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
ollduft of business.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I rise for the
purpose of calling up the regular order; but
before doing so I am willing to yield to several
gentlemen who desire to introduce by unan-
imous consent matters for reference.
harbor of iiyannis.
Mr. BUFFINTON, by unanimous consent,
presented the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War bedirectodto
obtain and transmit to this House full information
as to the condition of the breakwater in the harbor
of Hyannis, in the State of Massachusetts, with an
estimate of the amount necessary to repair the same
contingent fund.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
ResolvedThat the Clerk be instructed to com-
municate to this HouSe in detail the expenditures of
tho contingent fund since the commencement of the
present Congress, to whom, for what purpose, and in
what sums to each individual any part thereof has
been paid.
zieglkr vs. rice.
Mr. BURR presented papers relating to the
contested-election case of Ziegler vs. liice, in
the ninth district of Kentucky; which were
referred to the Committee of Elections.
manufacturing tax on provisions.
Mr. COX. I offer the following resolution,
and move that it be referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means:
Resolved, That tho Committee of Ways and Moans
bo requested to report a bill repealing the so-called
manufacturing tax on provisions and ajoint resolu-
tion so explaining tho present law as to relieve tho
trade in provisions from the present interpretation
of the law by the Commissioner of Internal Rcvenus.
Tho motion was agreed to.
importation ok lumber.
Mr. TANNER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. II. No. 494) to regulate the
importation of lumber on our northern, north-
eastern, and northwestern frontiers ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
nasi ft otf national bank.
Mr. WOODWARD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (II. R. No. 495) to change the
name of a national bank ; which was read a
liist and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Banking and Currency.
legal-tender notes.
Mr. INGERSOLL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (Ft. R. No. 400) authorizing
an additional issue of legal-tender notes to the
amount of §44,000,000, and for other purposes ;
which was road a first and second time.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move that tho bill be
referred to the Committee: of Ways and Means.
Mr. CUJjLOM. I thought wo had that bill
up a morning or two ago.
Mr. INGERSOLL. And you may have it
up for two or three mornings more.
Mr.^ GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that it
be referred to the Committee on Banking and
Currency.
Mr. RANDALL. Would an objection to
the introduction of the bill be sufficient to
delay it ?
The SPEAKER. Not at this stage. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania is not in time.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ingersoll]
introduced the bill and moved to refer it, and
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] has
offered an amendment to the motion to refer,
which has been entertained.
Mr. COX. I think the House had better
postpone the discussion of this question of
reference. It will take some time. The mat-
ter ought to be ventilated,
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move the previous
question.
_ lhe motion was put on seconding the pre-
vious question ; and there were—ayes 58, noes
i ; no quorum voting.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the gentleman
from Illinois will withdraw the bill and bring
it up at some other time.
The SPEAKER. The bill is before the
House.
Mr. JUDD. I call for the reading of the
bill.
The Clerk read the bill. The first section
authorizes and directs the Secretary of the
