1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5163
until another day the remarks he was going to
make. Therefore, if the Senator from Oregon
will yield, I am pretty sure in a few minutes
we can get a vote. I beg him to let us try.
At all events, he can afford to be magnani-
mous.
Mr. CORBETT. I am willing to yield the
floor for a vote on this question. 1 have no
desire to obstruct the business of the Senate,
and particularly this bill for the benefit of the
city of New York mainly, and the Senator
from New York; but notwithstanding he voted
to put this amendment on this bill, he is now
desirous to reconsider the vote and to withdraw
this from the bill; and for that reason I am
anxious for a vote, and will abstain from any
remarks which I had intended to make if we
can reach that vote. We have other important
business to be taken up to-morrow, the tax
bill; and I will yield for a vote : otherwise I
cannot yield.
Several Senators. Question, question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Has the
Senator from Oregon concluded?
Mr. CORBETT. I was waiting for an an-
swer from the Senator from Kansas. I have
indicated my intention to yield if a vote can
bo taken ; but I do not understand that there
can be a vote taken now.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Let us try.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
cannot ascertain whether a vote can be taken
now or not while the Senator from Oregon is
occupying the floor.
Mr. CORBETT. I think, on the whole, I
had better make now what few remarks I have
to make.
Mr. HAMLIN. Will the Senator from Ore-
gon yield to nie for an instant?
Mr. CORBETT. Yes; sir.
Mr. HAMLIN. I withdraw the motion I
made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on ihe amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Oregon, [Mr. Williams.]
Mr. CORBETT. This is a question which
I am very much surprised should he thrust upon
a bill that is offered here for the purpose of
protecting the ballot-box in Ihe large cities,
where coriuplion exists to a very great extent.
We have been endeavoiing for a number of
yeais to protect tne ballot-box in its purity,
and to prevent the illegal voting of those per-
sons who have taken advantage of the large
cities, where they are comparatively unknown,
and where it is difficult to distinguish the true
voter from the illegal voter.
[Several members engaged in conversation
with Mr. Corbett, he occupying the floor.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Business will
be suspended until Senators resume their seats.
Mr. CORBETT. 1 will give way for the
Senator from Kansas if he will not occupy more
than five or ten minutes, and we can then have
a vote. If he desires to make brief remarks
I am willing to forego any remarks of my own.
Mr. POMEROY. I suppose I have the same
interest in this question as the Senator from
Oregon has. When he concludes his remarks
I will take the floor if I can get it; if not, I
must take my chance. I have not during this
session occupied the time of the Senate ten
minutes on any one occasion, and do not ex-
pect to do so; bnt I do not propose to have
any gag put upon me. When I get ready to
speak I propose to speak.
Mr. CORBETT. While we arc endeavoring
to protect the ballot-box upon the Atlantic
coast on the one hand, we are proposing to offer
a premium to people to migrate to this coun-
try in order that they may be marched up in
crowds in large numbers to the polls and sold
to the highest bidder. As I understand, it is
the desire of the Senate to-day, in considering
this bill to protect the ballot-box from corrup-
tion, to prevent the body-politic of this country
from becoming diseased and thoroughly de-
moralized ; and yet it is proposed here to intro-
duce a new form of disease that we may expel
it by some other means. Is it wise for us at
this juncture, when we are endeavoring to pro-
tect the ballot-box in New York from the cor-
ruption of a class there who are seeking to
supersede and prevent the due execution of
the laws, when we are endeavoring to prevent
illegal voting, to establish on the other hand
a system of corruption in politics that shall
lead to ruin, not only on the Pacific coast, but
in every State in this Union ?
What will be the condition of New York
when these labor contracts have been made
with large numbers of the Chinese that are now
flocking to our shores so numerously? They
have just become acquainted with this coun-
try. A small number came as early as 1848,
perhaps half a dozen at that time, and now the
tide has increased, and they come to this coun-
try by thousands every year. In my own small
city the Chinese chartered a vessel this last fall
and sent back to China about three hundred,
and the result is that three vessels have since
arrived in our city with about one thousand
Chinese, and now there is another vessel on
the way. How many more will be chartered
to bring these people to our shores, to take pos-
session of our cities and our country, I know
not. 0'ie thing I am sure of, that these people
remain largely in the large cities where they
can obtain employment, and they supersede
the labor of Americans and Europeans.
These Chinese get control of the household
employments. They supersede the servant
girls, and those engaged in waiting upon tables,
and in washing, and every species of employ-
ment thatis pursued by the weak. They come
here in large numbers, including women of the
most deplorable condition and the most lewd
class, and they are imported in such numbers as
to degrade and demoralize our people. Citizens
heretotore honest, laboring people, have been
demoralized, become intemperate, become cor-
rupt by this means. They are not only inter-
fering with the family relations, but in every
conceivable way, are introducing the most cor-
rupt practices into our community, which has
heretofore been moral, religious, and not sur-
passed by any of the New England States. I
predict that if this shall continue, not only in
Massachusetts, but in every one of the eastern
States the same corruption will exist, frauds
upon the ballot-box will increase and become
greater than they are now. If these people
will sell themselves to come here and labor,
they will sell themselves in flocks to vote, and
the only question will be which party will pay
the most for their votes. In my own city there
are two houses engaged in the importation of
Chinese, and all that will be necessary will be
lor one party to go to one house and purchase
the votes of the adherents of that house, and
for the other party to go to the other house
and purchase the votes of its adherents.
What, I ask Senators, is the condition of a
people that will sell their votes to that extent?
•Will it not lead to the overthrow of our civil
institutions aud the destruction of the purity
of the ballot-box? I think it will; and 1 desire
to notify Senators living on the Atlantic slope
that if this is allowed corruption will exist to
a greater extent than it ever has heretofore.
They may depend upon it that it will over-
throw not only our Republican party, but it
may overthrow our institutions themselves,
particularly those religious institutions that
have been established so firmly in the New
England States, in which we all have a just
pride, and which we hope may be maintained
in the ascendency.
We certainly cannot absorb a people con-
taining a population of four hundred and
fifty million. I am satisfied that if the num-
bers were limited we should haveno objection;
we should be able to absorb a large number,
a few hundred thousand, perhaps a million ;
but it will be totally impossible for us to con-
tend against a community where there are
four hundred and fiily million to commence
immigration to this country, and who will
continue to immigrate here unless some sys-
tem is introduced to prevent or to discourage
that immigration. We certainly should not
offer any greater inducements than are now
held out. We are willing to protect them by
our laws, and they have not as a general thing
in my State been abused. We have endeavored
to protect them by every means in our power;
and all we desire now is that "they shall not bo
given the ballots; that they shall not be natural-
ized. Let this question be thoroughly under-
stood. It should not be pressed upon us at
this time, or until the people of the East shall
know as much of this question as the people
of the West.
With these few remarks, as it is the desire
of gentlemen to take a vote, I am willing to
give way to the Senator from Kansas that we
may be enabled to take a vote after liis remarks^
as I am informed he only desires to speak a
few minutes.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not-want the Senator
from Oregon to give way to me. He cannot
give me the floor. There is no way he can give
me the floor.
Mr. SPENCER. Will the Senator yield to
me a moment?
Mr. POMEROY. For what purpose does
the Senator from Alabama want me to vield?
Mr. SPENCER. Go on.
Mr. POMEROY. I understand, there are
Senators who want to vote on this question of
reconsideration, and all the remarks I wish to
submit 1 can submit just as well at another
stage. If it is any better for the Senate to vote
on the reconsideration now, I certainly should
as lief let them vote now as at any time. The
bill cannot be passed at this moment; but if there
is any one particular vote that Senators want
to take now I have no objection to taking it.
The remarks which I want to submit can just
as well be submitted at any other stage, or on
any other bill, for that matter. I am not tena-
cious of speaking at this particular moment on
this bill, and I never indicated that I was; but
when I saw Senators bristle up who had been
speaking all day, and insisting that I should not
occupy a few minutes, I thought it was time
for me to say that I had something to say.
Mr. FENXON. If the Senator from Kansas
gives way, I move to reconsider the vote by
which the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Sttmner.] was adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New York now moves that the vote
by which the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts was adopted be reconsidered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that vote will
not be reconsidered. I was somewhat sur-
prised at the declaration of the Senator from
Maine, that he had canvassed the Senate and
ascertained that a majority would vote to re-
consider the vote which had been given upon
a former occasion. I think it is not the best
way, in a deliberative body like this, to pledge
ourselves privately in advance how we will
vote. But I trust, upon principle, that the vote
which has been given will not he reconsidered.
The Senator from Missouri [Mr. Schukz]
treated this subject very properly, as it seemed
to me, when he showed that there was no occa-
sion for the alarm which has been sounded
here. The number of Chinese in this country
is very small, and if the immigration were to
continue as it has done for the last twenty years,
or were to be increased threefold, it would
take fifty years to get a million Chinese into
this country, and by that time the population
of the United States would be one hundred or
perhaps one hundred and fifty millions. There
is no danger at present that this country will
be overrun by pagans, and there is no necessity
that we should throw up our hands in holy
horror against the paganism of the Chinese. I
think this is an imaginary danger.
On this subject of admitting Europeans,
Asiatics, or anybody else to this country, in my
judgment the people of the United States have
a right to pursue such policy as they shall think
