1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
373
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Duty on Lumber—Mr. Ferry.
Ho. of Keps.
producers. We export from our sea-board
ports to ports of Lower Canada and their fish-
ing grounds, and ever will till transportation
from Upper to Lower Canada is made cheap
enough to compete with our easier transport-
ation.
This importation from Upper Canada which
their cheap labor and short transportation
is throwing upon our markets is in excess of
the value of lumber imported over $1,000,000.
We need to export rather than import grain,
or, what is far better and more remunerative
to the producer, we need to so diversify our
industries and pursue such a public policy as
will create a market for our agricultural pro-
ducts at home, and not consume a large share
of their value in costs of transportation to for-
eign markets, which lessens to that extent the
profits of the farmer. The gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Ingersoll] took oceasion to say
a few days since in debate that the price of
grain ia this country was fixed by what it
brought in Europe, less the transportation. In
other words, that England was the market for
our wheat. I take issue with him on that
statement, and claim that in the main we fix
our own market value of such productions.
Statistics show that 95 per cent, of our total
exports of wheat go to England.
The average annual exports for43 years were
15,002.329 bushels. From 1857 to 1868 we
averaged annually 14,750,000bushels. In 18C9
we sent 17,557,886 bushels, and only supply
England with an average of one fourth of Brit-
ish consumption. The annual purchases fluc-
tuate very much, so that as a reliable marketit
is not to be depended upon. For instance, in
1859 she took of us only 808,607 bushels ; in
1862, 40,628,120 bushels; in 1865, 2,784,114
bushels. The average quantity from 1851 to
1861 was 10,000,000 bushels; from 1861 to 1864,
28,000,000 bushels; and from 1865 to 1868,
7,750,000 bushels. Our total shipments for
the past 43 years, including flour, were but
iiltle over 5 per cent, of our annual product,
and of corn and corn meal during the same
period a trifle over 1 per cent, of our annual
production. One fifth of our corn crop in any
ordinary season would equal our entire exports
of that article for the past 50 years.
We raised in 1868 224,000,000 bushels of
wheat; in 1869, 275,000,000 bushels, and our
own annual consumption is 200,000,000 bush-
els, leaving a surplus for other markets of
75,000,000 bushels. It will thus be seen how
vital it is to the agricultural States of the Union
to encourage such other industries in the land
as will swell the aggregate of consumers and
divert the already too numerous producers.
Some idea of the capacity of portions of our
soil for production may be gained by a recent
report of the secretary of the State Agricul-
tural Society of Iowa, wherein in deprecating
the attention of farmers exclusively to wheat,
he says:
" With a good crop and under thorough cultivation
Iowa alone could raise sufficient wheat to supply the
whole country."
The lumbering interests alone consume an
amount equal to one eighth of the present total
agricultural products of Iowa, and a little over
one twelfth the crop of Illinois. The price of
wheat in England, January 10, 1S70, was, for
good western, $1 16 per bushel. The cost of
transportation from Chicago to that market is
C3 cents per bushel, leaving to the western
farmer but 03 cents per bushel for his wheat
after paying 16 cents transportation and costs
10 reach shipment from Chicago. At that time
the sales of like samples of wheat in Chicago
market were 'JO ccnts, a gain to the producer
over sales in the English market of 27 cents
per bushel; thus refuting the statement of the
gentleman from Illinois [Sir. Ixgeiisoll] by
this proof, that our home market is the one
t.o which our farmers look for remunerative
sales instead of to the impoverishing market
of England.
How, then, can gentlemen upon this floor,
representing constituencies largely engaged in
agricultural pursuits, advocate a system that
would disturb or destroy branches of manufac-
turing that are so intimately related to the
prosperity of their districts? Why attempt a
blow at the manufacture of lumber when the
domestic supply rules so much lower in market
than the foreign production ? Why clamor
for the removal of the tariff on lumber when
even at existing ad valorem duties prices are
much higher in Canada than in the States, and
when the low rates now ruling for lumber in
our markets afford no compensation to man-
ufacturers ? The proposed modification of the
Committee of Ways and Means to a specific
duty of $2 per thousand on all grades, would
have lessened the revenue to the Government
without a possible hope for a reduction of
prices. It being purely a question of revenue,
the existing ad valorem system would have
increased it over the specific; and why should
we legislate to favor Canadians at the sacrifice
of the interests of our own citizens?
If the gentlemen would take off the duty
upon lumber, why not be consistent in theory,
and remove it from agricultural products? The
pineries would then be the gainers, and the
farms the losers. Michigan, which I have the
honor in part to represent, would not suffer in
comparison with the gentlemen's States of
Illinois, Iowa, and Missouri, or other agricul-
tural States. If, as the gentlemen claim, the
tariff raises the prices of commodities -in the
ratios of the duty imposed, is it just to claim
that protection for the products of the soil of
those States and deny it to those of sister ones ?
Let me exhibitfor their consideration the over-
shadowing benefits they derive as claimed,
and at least meet them with facts that may
arouse their magnanimity, if not invite their
judgment and cooperation:
The tariff on the crop of wheat, corn, oats, and bar-
ley, in Illinois, in 1S69, was $21,063,200
The tariff on the samo crop in Michigan
was $5,713,300
Add the duty on lumber at £2 per
thousand on her production of
2,000,000,000 feet 4,000,000
  9,713,300
Leaving a surplus benefit to Illinois of ...$11,349,900
Take the State of Iowa. The tariff on her similar
crop was $12,027,250
Deduct that of Michigan as stated  9,713,300
And the gain of Iowa would be  $2,913,950
Then take Missouri. The tariff on her like crop
was  $7,861,0(?U
Add the tariff on her tobacco crop, an im-
portant staple ol' hers  5,478,500
Making  13,339,500
And taking from it the tariff of the product
stated of Michigan S9,713,300
To which add the tariff on her
tobacco crop 1,715,000
  11,423,300
Would leave to Missouri a surplus of. $1,911,200
Thus showing how favorable the balances
are in behalf of those States and against my
State. Yet notwithstanding this, a persistent
demand is made to increase the relative loss
to Michigan, and deny her what is as persist-
ently demanded for the other States. 1 may here
add that Michigan gave her solid vote on the
amendment to the bill increasing the tariff on
these articles to 30 ccnts on wheat, 15 cents
on corn, 15 cents on oats, and 25 cents on
barley, being an increase of over three fifths
above existing rates, and to that extent more
fp.vorable to these States than to Michigan.
Consistency is a jewel I respectfully commend
the honorable gentlemen to cherish. V> hy
should not we of the West stand united upon
duty upon our fewer productions, while we are
conceding perhaps too much to the cry of pro-
tection to the many interests purely Eastern,
whose products, of greater eost to us, do not
employ relatively as many consumers of our
western staples?
I hurry on, Mr. Speaker, to another plea
which these advocates of free lumber have
woven into their arguments.
I quote first from the remarks of the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Coon:]
" Our timber forests are limited in extent. Year
by year we are forced to go further and further for a
supply; year by year the price of lumber i.; increas-
ing; the country is being stripped of its forests to the
serious detriment of the soil." * e r * xhe
encouragement of the destruction of our forests so
rapidly goingon is most fatal policy." *
* " That man would be a publi« benefactor who
could devise some means whereby our timber forests
could be preserved."
I incidentally remark here that the gentle-
man deprecates going ''further and further for
a supply," as the consequence of the felling of
trees on our own soil by our citizens in their
legitimate business, and wants a policy inaugu-
rated that will compel his purchasers to go
"further and further" still to Canada at a
greater cost to them.
I now quote from the speech of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Brooks:]
, "The people of Michigan and Minnesota and Maine
snould remember that every tree now cut down is to
be worth ten times more horcaftcr, and that it is a
robbery of their children, it not of themselves, to
receive miserable bounties now from Government for
a destruction when preservation would give them
ten times the bounty hereafter."
Both these gentlemen in effect implore gov-
ernmental interposition to rob the toiling and
poorly paid manufacturers of our day and
country for the benefit of the subjects of
the British Crown, and then by the enhanced
value of timber hereafter rob the eonsumers
of posterity for the enrichment of the few forest-
holders, into whose moneyed hands a policy so
fatal as is proposed shall then have centered
all the pine-lands that are now scattered among
the many who now laborious1^ and legitimatelv
seek an honest living.
No, sir ; I prefer to encourage the mauufac-
i ture of lumber from our own forests now, at a
paying rate, and at moderate prices to the con-
sumers of the present generation, and putting
off the day of high prices for timber until by
the annexation of the Canadian Dominion
moderate rates may be perpetuated; at all
events, until such advanced prices as may
accrue shall inure to the benefit of our own
citizens, who shall then be the occupants and
owners of soil now foreign to our borders.
Free trade in lumber and other articles puts
off the day of annexation. Compel Canadians
to pay a duty on their exportations to our mar-
kets, and you meet them with their own
weapons and force them to seek an earlier
union with us, that is sooner or later inev-
itable. Already the provinces of Newfound-
land, Nova Scotia, and New Brunswick, as well
as the Winnipeg district, express a decided
preference for our form of government and
the protection of the American flag.
The Dominion may still further tax our fish-
eries by not only the increase upon tonnage of
from 50 to 100 per c#nt., as has been done
already, but raise it to virtual prohibition, as
their legislators now suggest ; or they may levy
an export duty on lumber and increase that
upon logs—all of which to guard against the
jjossibility of annexation ; but if we are only
true to self-protection, and do not concurrently
legislate to fortify, by reciprocity, the design of
the Dominion government to keep us perpetu-
ally apart, as certain as night succeeds the day
our boundaries will ere long outstretch so as to
embrace all of what is now known as British
American territory. The American doctrine
will yet prevail, that continental America must
be governed by institutions symbolized by the
American flag] Follow the policy suggested,
