1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3275
oat understanding what they in voting upon.
A single error committed in regard to a great I
question of reconstruction, or some question
tbat goes to the future peace of generations,
 nd it may be to the existence of the Govern-
ment—a single error of that kind cannot be
atoned for. The time that is taken in consid-
ering such questions is not time lost.
There is a question coming before as now
upon which the best minds in Europe and in
America have been divided for the last hun-
dred years—the question of the tariff. It is a
question that we ought to consider fully, and
we cannot do our duty to ourselves and to our
country unless we do consider it fully. But,
sir, if we bind oaraelves to adjourn by the 4th
of July we cannot do it. That will be equiva-
lent to saying to the country that we shall vote
on that question without discussion. I do not
pretend that 1 understand that question. There
are some people who always understand every
question from the time it is first mentioned,
who understood the Georgia question and
every other from the time it was first men-
tioned. I do not belong to that category. I
find occasion to change my mind frequently,
and my mind is often changed by the result
of discussions on this floor. I am open to the
reception of light from discussions, and I in-
vite it. I do not belong to those who under-
stand everything from the beginning and think
the Senate ought to vote on the most difficult
questions without discussion.
Mow, sir, we are confronted with the tariff
question as we never have been before. It is
a question that involves considerations too
Ttst politically and in every other way to be
described this morning. And yet we propose
to pot ourselves in such a position that we can-
not discuss tbat question, or only very slightly,
bat shall vote on it hap-hazard. Sir, the re-
sponsibility shall not be with me for doing this.
Mr. HARLAN. I rise to make a motion
which will be to some extent in accord with
the opinion just expressed by the honorable
Senator from Indiana, and that is, to postpone
this resolution and all prior orders with the
riew of proceeding to the consideration of the
bill for the sale of the Osage Indian lands and
for the removal of those Indians to a new home
in the Indian territory. I do this in justice
to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and in
justice 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Iowa moves to postpone the present and
all prior orders for the purpose of considering
the bill indicated by him.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to submit a reason
or two in favor of this motion.
Mr. HAMLIN. Ob, no; the motion to pass
over must be taken without discussion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of
the Senator from Iowa is to postpone.
Mr. EDMUNDS. So that the merit of the
idjoamment resolution is still' before us, but
cot of the Indian bill.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, if the vote
yesterday on the motion of the honorable Sen-
ator from Maine [Mr. Morrii.l] had been a
little more decisive I would not have ventured
to intrude on the attention of the Senate with
the motion I have now made. It was decided,
it may be remembered by honorable Senators,
by 28 affirmative votes to 27 negative votes,
we Senate at that time not being very fall. I
have been impressed with the importance of im-
mediate action on this subject, and have stated
"> the Senate some of the reasons which im-
pressed me with that conviction. I think the
voteyesterday evening was taken under a misap-
prehension. It was a little unusnal in its char-
wter; and on inquiry I learned from the hon-
orable Senator who made the motion that he
Th V16 mot'on nnder a misapprehension.
*he Senate by unanimous consent agreed to
®oosider this bill, and after consuming nearly
™e whole legislative day in listening to a very
speech on the part of the honorable Senator
m Maine [Mr. Morrill] the bill was passed
over, as I hav* just remarked, without giving
the committee in charge of the bill an oppor-
tunity to be heard. I submit that this is un-
usual, so unusual that the honorable Senator
from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] who made the
motion in explanation to me stated that he
misapprehended my wishes in the matter.
But, Mr. President, there are reasons why
this bill should be taken up and disposed of
now. I desire to address myself to the Sen-
ate on that question. The honorable Senator
from Maine seemed to misapprehend the facts
in the case. They may be stated briefly,
thus 
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senatorcannot dis-
cuss the merits of the bill. I will assist him
in getting it up as soon as we pass the appro-
priation bill.
Mr. HARLAN. I am appealed to by my
honorable friend from Vermont not to state
the reason why I wish to proceed with this bill
now. He kindly assures me that he will assist
to get the bill up when the appropriation bill
shall be disposed of. But, sir, by his vote the
further consideration of the appropriation bill
has been postponed for the purpose of con-
sidering a resolution of tbe House to fix a day
for the adjournment of both branches of Con-
gress. Sir, my proposition is not in conflict
with the appropriation bill. I do not propose
to antagonize it again with the appropriation
bill; butsnrely, in the light of the reasons pre-
sented by the honorable Senator from Indiana
I may antagonize it with a proposition to fix
a day for the definite adjournment of Con-
gress. If the appropriation bill were now
before the Senate, if the Senate had not within
the preceding twenty minutes decided to post-
pone it %on8ideration for the consideration of
another matter, I would not have made this
motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
remind the Senator from Iowa that one line
of debate is prohibited by the rule specifically,
and that is the merits of the bill proposed to
be taken up. That is expressly excluded by
the rules. The merits of the bill proposed to
be taken up cannot be debated on the propo-
sition to take it up.
Mr. HARLAN. I am very much obliged
to the Chair for the information, and I hope the
Chair will require me to observe the rule so
soon as I may transgress it; but perhaps until
I do violate the rules the admonition may be
dispensed with.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair did
not make it in the shape of an admonition.
The Senator from Iowa has the right, on his
motion to postpone, to debate the merits of
the proposition now before the Senate, the
measure proposed to be postponed; but he
stated in the commencement of his remarks,
when interrupted by the Senator from Vermont
by a side remark, that he wanted to show the
necessity for the passage of this bill, and tbe
Chair therefore stated to him that the merits
of the bill proposed to be considered were
by the rules excluded. The Chair does not
admonish Senators.
Mr. HARLAN. The Chair is correct, as
the Chair usually is in the citation of facts. I
did say it would be necessary, I thought, to
cite a few facts, in order to enable the Senate
to arrive at a conclusion in reference to the
importance of immediate action on this bilh
If I am to debate the question of the propriety
or priority of time in the consideration of a
measure, how shall I do it unless I am per-
mitted to state facts justifying the position I
have taken?
As I was about to observe, I am sure there
has been a misapprehension in relation to the
condition of affairs in this territory, and in
relation to the position of the two branches
of Congress, out of which arises the necessity
of legislation on this subject, and also a mis-
apprehension in relation to the position of the
present Administration. It has been insisted
that Congress ought not to pass bills in rela-
tion to the removal of Indian tribes. How
else can this be effected except by treaty? But
it is well known that the present Administra-
tion has declared itself in opposition to the
further negotiation and ratification of treaties
with the Indian tribes. I have before me the
report of the Secretary of the Interior, contain-
ing the report of the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, from which I will read the following
passage—
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, Mr. President, I
rise to a question of order, with all friendliness
to my friend from Iowa.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont rises to a question of order.
He will state it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My question of order is
that my friend from Iowa is transgressing the
rule to which the Chair has alluded. His
remarks are distinctly addressed to the merit
of this Indian bill. That must be obvious to
him, as well as to th6 Ch&ir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Iowa has not yet proceeded far enough
in his remarks to indicate whether he intends
to discuss the merits of the bill or not. He
proposes to read something now from the re-
port of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
The Chair would prefer to decide the question
when tbe point shall properly be made. The
Senator from Iowa has already responded to
the Chair in a manner which indicated that he
thought the remarks of the Chair were out of
place.
Mr; HARLAN. I did this with the utmost
kindness for the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair only
desired to indicate to the Senator from Iowa
the limits of debate under the rule of the
Senate.
Mr. HARLAN. I am always gratified to
receive an intimation of that kind from the
Chair.
The Commissioner of Indian Affairs says:
"While it may not be expedient to negotiate
treaties with any of the Indian tribes hereafter, it is
no doubt just that those made within the past year
and now pending before the United States Senate
should be definitively acted upon."
" While it may not be expedient to negotiate
treaties with any of the Indian tribes here-
after"—plainly indicating that in the opinion
of the Department the relation of the United
States with the Indian tribes must be regulated
in some other way than by the negotiation of
treaties. This ia known to be in accord with
the opinion of the Secretary of the Interior,
and, as is believed, with the opinion of the
Chief Magistrate of the United States. I hold
in my hand a pamphlet copy of the Laws of the
United States for the year 1869, from which I
read the following section of one of those laws:
"Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That nothing
in this act contained, or in any of the provisions
thereof, shall be so construed as to ratify or approve
any treaty made with any tribes, bands, or parties
of Indians since the 20th day of July, 1867."
That is a law of the land enacted by both
branches of Congress, with the approval of the
President of the United States. To show that
the opinion of the other branch of Congress
at least has not changed on this subject 1 desire
to call the attention of tbe Senate to a clause
in one of tbe appropriation bills which the
Senate has received recently from the House
of Representatives. I refer to House bill No.
1169, the second section of which reads as
follows:
" Bsc. 2. And be it further enacted. That nothing in
this act contained, or in any of tho provisions
thereof, shall be so construed as to ratify or approve
any treaty made with any tribes, bands, or parties
of Indians since the 20th day of July, 1867."
And, sir, that is a copy of the bill as it has
been received by the Senate from our Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
now decide the point made by the Senator from
Vermont. The bill which the Senator from
Iowa proposes to consider is a bill to settle
questions with Indian tribe* by legislation and
