3276
THE CONGRESSEOlfAL GLOBE.
May 6;
not by treaty. That is the intent of it, apparent
on its face and in all ita section*. The Senator
from Iowa is now submitting to the Senate con-
siderations why these questions should be set-
tled by legislation, as proposed, instead of by
treaty. The Chair thinks that if that is not
discussion of the merits of the question pro-
posed to be considered it would be very hard
for the Chair to rule it. as affecting anything
else. Certainly the consideration of the merits
of the question proposed to be considered is
the line of debate Vq which the Senator from
Iowa is progressing, ia the opinion of the
Chair.
Mr. HARLAN. I am obliged to the Chair
for pronouncing that opinion, and I will pro-
ceed to show why this bill should be taken up,
for the reason -that the subject cannot be
reached in any other way; 1 shall attempt to
proceed to show it more strongly from the pres-
ent condition of this Indian tribe and the white
people by whom th$y are surrounded and the
white people living among them. I do not
expect to refer to the bill, Mr. President.
Thi  is the opinion of the Committee of the
Senate of the United States on Appropria-
tions 
Mr. EDMUNDS, I rise to a question of
order again. I wi^h to know whether the
remarks of my friend from Iowa are in order
or oot.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
not heard tha additional remarks of the Sen-
ator from Iowa since the Chair has ruled, The
Chair will Listen to them. The merits of the
question proposed to be considered cannot be
■ debated on this motion, under the rule.
, Mr. HARLAN. I will inquire of ray hon-
orable friend who i* so aaziousthat 1 should
be in order to-day to state what part of the
Osage Indian bill I have referred to.
Mr. SDMUNDS. Why, Mr. President, it
is useless to disguise this matter. The Sen-
ator from Iowst has risen with a purpose that
he understands as well as all the rest of us do,
to reply to the Senator from Maine who made
a speech yesterday when the bill was up; and
if there is any force or fairness in the rules they
cannot beevaded bystating that he is not going
to name the bill. He is discussing the subject
of Indian affairs When the question before the
Senate is the question when we shall adjourn.
That is my answer to my friend.
Mr. HARLAN, Very well; suppose that
was my purpose when I arose, and, being in-
formed by the Chair that I was out of order, I
adopted another line of policy and another line
of argument?
Mr. EDMUNDS. You are jumping out^of
the frying-pan into the fire. Yott are getting
worse and worse.
Mr. POMEROY. I submit that in many
"years, experience in this body I harve never
known it to be held that a Senator had not a
right to express hrs opinions on any subject
pertaining to a sabjeetof debate. I KhOw, to
bfc sure, that the merits of a bill, in the tech-
nical langnageof our rule, cannot be discussed
on this motion; but who among us has ever
yet been held to any technical line of argu-
ment when he proposed to address the Senate?
I have never known a case where a Senator
when be commenced talking coald not say
Mivat ha ftlinfltf
The VICE PRESIDENT. - The Chair will
reply to the Senator from Kansas that that
was undoubtedly the practice for many years
until in March, 1868, about two years sinc'o,
when the rule which has been sought to be
applied this morning was adopted. The Chair
was not present- in the Senate when it was
Adopted. ,
; Mr. POMEROY. We have also a rule that
a Senator shall not read a newspaper ia the
Sqaato Chamber. We have several rules of
that, kind; but do we strictly enforce them?
Has the Senator from Iowa done anything that
we need strictly enforce the rule that he is
obliged to speak upon a definite line? . 1 admit
that the Chair rales rightly. That is not my
point.
; Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, I am very
much obliged to my honorable friend from
Kansas for his kind interposition. I do not
intend to proceed out of order. I intend to
confine my remarks, as far as I have the capa-
city to do so, within the rule.
Mr. FOWLER. I wish to ask a question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor from Iowa yield to the Senator from Ten-
nessee?
Mr. HARLAN. I will hear the honorable
Senator.
Mr. FOWLER. I tvish to know what sub-
jects the Senator from Iowa may properly
discuss at the present time on his motion?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That opens a
broader question than the Chair can answer.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no objection to
answering it. My purpose was to convince
the Senate, if I could, that it was more im-
portant to take up for consideration what is
known hete as the Osage bill, than to proceed
with the consideration of the pending ques-
tion, the House resolution to fix a. definite
period for adjournment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Because that is a bill
which has merit in it, and is a subject that
requires action.
Mr, HARLAN. That was my purpose, and
I desire to proceed, if I can be permitted to
do so, and to proceed under the rule and not
outside of the rule. I have no wish to trans-
gress the rule, although I have expressed my
feelings of gratitude to the honorable Senator
from Kansas for interposing in my behalf.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator allow me
to make a suggestion ? -h
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON. I would suggest that we take
tup this Osage bill; the Senator from Mainegiv-
ing way to-day, and that the question be set-
tled. It will be remembered that it was taken
up the day before yesterday, and that: yester-
day the Senator from Maine addressed the
Senate in «> very elaborate and able speech,
covering the whole question* with great thor-
oughness. The Senator who has the care of
that bill desired to reply at the time, and it
seemed to me right that he should have the
floor to do so. 1 think therefore, it will be
better to postpone this resolution of the House,
postpone the appropriation bill, and let the
Senator proceed to consider that question, and
let the Senator from Iowa address himself to
the merits of the bill itself. We shall progress
more rapidly in that way, and we certainly
ought U* settle that matter.. It is an import-
ant matter and it ought to be settled, and I
think it can be. settled better now than here-
after, and I think the Seaator ought to have
the privilege of speaking upon the question
without being intenrupted iu this way ; that
is, by having the direct question before us. I
hope that will be permitted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Mr. ^Presi-
dent 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Iowa yield to the Senator from
Maine?
Mr.' HARLAN. Certainly, with great
pleasure.
Mr.: MORRILL, of Mains. I wish to say a
vrord in reply to the suggestion made by the
Senator from Massachusetts. I understood it
to be the deliberate judgment of the Senate
yesterday that it would proceed-to-day with the
appropriation bill. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts asks me now to give way to allow a
bill which was under consideration yesterday,
to be taken up and proceeded with torday.
Now, if my honorable friend from Massachu-
setts] is willing to take the responsibility of
this appropriation bill and allow me to retire
from it, I will do'so with great pleasure.
> Mr. WILSON, I will say to the Senator
that I do not wish to take any responsibility in
the matter. I am awace that the. Sen&tor is
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations,
and that he should hare the direction of the
bill, but he will certainly remember that when
the bill of the Senator from Iowa came up yes-
terday he himself addressed the Senate in &
very elaborate and lengthy speech, discussing
the whole question, and that the chairman of
the committee who reported it, the Senator from
Iowa, was exceedingly desirous yesterday of
going on with the bill and of replying to the
speech of the Senator from Maine, that he
thought ought to be replied to at once and on
the spot. Now, the Senator's bill has been
postponed by a rote of the Senate; I voted
against that 
Mr. CONKLING. Not at all. It has simply
been passed over informally.
Mr. WILSON. It has been passed over, and
we have another question up. Whether that
is going to take all day or not I do not knowi
Therefore, I made the suggestion that it seemed
to me we had better get the Osage bill out of
the way, or at any rate allow the Senator from
Iowa to explain that bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. By the judg-
ment of the Senate it is not in the way, and I
have struggled now for ten days to get the
appropriation bill in a position to be acted
on; and I say to the Senate squarely that I
will not make another motion antagonizing
the business of the Senate with this bill. It
stands now on the Calendar in the order of
business No. 312. If any gentleman desires to
take this bill oat of my hands he is at liberty
to do so; but if it is set aside* if the Senate
by its deliberate judgment puts it out of its
order again, I shall, so far as I aih concerned,
leave it to coma Up on the Calendar again
in its regular order. It oomss up regularly in
order, I understand, when this resolution is
disposed of, which 1 hope will be disposed of
without debate. As it is obviously the judg-
ment of the Senate that it ought to concur with
the resolution from the House, I hope we shall
act upon it without any further debate. Then
I suggest to my honorable friend from Iowa,
who is desirons of speaking- on. this bill, that
we proceed to the consideration of the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial appropriation
bill, on which the honorable Senator has given
my committee notice that he will move his bill
as an amendment. That opens the whole sub-
ject, and gives my friend the opportunity he
desires to discuss the question ; and we shall
reach that in ten minutes.
Mr. HARLAN. That wHl be perfectly sat-
isfactory to me. ["Agreed," "Agreed."]
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If it suits his
convenience 
Mr. HARLAN. I withdraw rajrmotion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
withdrawn. The question recurs on the con-
current resolution of the House of Represent-1
ativea for final adjournment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not rise to make any
speech, but I wish to express nay gratitude to
my friend from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,]
who has voted to Btave off this adjournment
question eviery time, in mildly getting up at the
last moment and suggesting that it be again
laid over for some purpose.
Mr. STEWART. This is debatable,I think.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It isi
. Mr. STE vVART. I think I shall make afaw
remarks on the resolntion. I do not believe
the attention of the Senate has been attracted
sufficiently to the condition of business, for lam
confident they are not disposed to place them-
selves in a position where it cannot be trans-
acted. W e have two bills, of which I have charge,
from the Judiciary Committee, which will in-
volve more or less discussion. I do not want
to discuss them; but I have had -notice all
around that there will be protracted discussion
upon them. One is to enforce the fifteenth
amendment It will be Conceded on all hands
that it is important that that bill- shotild P®?8'
and pass at this session. If the protracted dis--
cession with which we have been threatenedoit
