76
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
Treasury, in addition to the United States legal-
tender notes heretofore issued under former
acts of Congress, to issue like notes of the
denominations heretofore issued, and in such
proportions as he may deem best, to the amount
of $44,000,000; $10,000,000 of-said- notes to
be issued within thirty days after the passage
of the act; $10,000,000 within sixty days after
the passage of the act; $i0,000,000 within
ninety days after the passage of the act, and
the remaining $14,000,000 within one hundred
and twenty days after the passage of the act.
The second section directs the Secretary of the
Treasury with the said notes to purchase any
of the gold interest-bearing bonds of the Uni-
ted States, at the lowest rate at which they
can be procured, to the amount of $44,000,000,
or as much thereof as he can purchase with
the notes authorized to be issued by the act;
and it further directs the Secretary to cancel
the bonds purchased under the act, and destroy
the same in the manner provided by law.
Tellers were ordered on seconding the pre-
vious question ; and Mr. Garfield, of Ohio,
and Mr. Randall were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes ninety-seven, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be
put, being first upon Mr. Garfield's amend-
ment.
Mr. SCOP1BLD. I move that the bill be
laid on the table.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Is the bill before
the House?
The SPEAKER. It is, and subject to the
disposition of the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays on the motion to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. COX. If the gentlemau from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Scofield] wants a decision of the
House upon the question of inflating the cur-
rency or contracting it, now is the time to get it.
Mr. CULLOM. I desire to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. If this bill is not laid on
the table will it then be in order to refer it to
one of the committees?
The SPEAKER. The question will then
recur upon the motion to refer the bill to the
Committee on Banking and Currency, upon
which the previous question has been ordered.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I desire to make a par-
liamentary inquiry. I suppose all of us who
want an inflation of the currency will vote
against laying this bill on the table.
i ho SPEAKER. That is not a parliament-
ary inquiry.
i he question was upon ordering the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
1 lie question was taken upon laying the bill
oti the table; and there were—yeas 64, nays 89,
not voting 58; as follows:
YEAH—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Asper, Bailey, Boa-
nan. ij en i aim n. H n-«rS  
I  K i i i' tr .i ' x * lmtemourg, j< isncr
iffin®.' Hajdomaii, Uoar, Hooper, Jcnckos,
S i efr Kclsey, Kerr, Keteham, Knapp,
IfmnAi v m' •nfc?rew' M<™ur. William Mooro,
Kimucl 1' MomU, Mungen, Myers, O'Neill, Poland
t ,.i?„ i 'o -fi*' fte.eves> Scofield, Porter Sheldon;
John A. femith,\yorthmgtonC. Smith, Starkweather,
btevens. Stoughton, Strickland, Strong, Townsend
i> w'uCa?waladcr C. Washburn, William
ward—Cl"™' tooler' Willard, Winans, and Wood-
BcmjH^lC|fRA11h0UAr>mSt,r0ng4,ArnclI'Bcatty'
W ^frehard, Burdett, Burr,Benjamin
rnhh rnh?™ rv.0^ n .Calkin,Cessna, Amasa
Oojb, Cobjirn. Cook, Cowles, Crebs, Cullom, Davis
J)cwceso, .Dickinson. Doekery, Dox, Dyer, Eldridge
1 arnsworth, Ferry, Fitchu Giimian, GrWold, Ham-
ilton, Hawkins, Hawley, Hay, Heaton, Hiflin, Hoag
r™,?,' JTIol,1?aT1, iHSergoll. Johnson, Alexander H.
Jones, Juad, Julian, Knott, Lawrence, Loughridee
Mayliam, Maynard, McCarthy, Mcdormick, R?c-
Crary, Morgan. Negley, Niblaek. Orth, Packard
  w, Ti ty,™?;0?' P/osser, Rice, Rogers, Sar-
'r c ' WA Sheldon, Joseph S. Smith, William
J. Smith. W llliamSmyth, Stevenson, Stokes, Stone,
btiader, Sweeney, Taffe, Tanner, Tillman, Tvner
IjPfon, Vail irump, Welker, Wells, Whittemore!
and Wood-8!)' £l,scno M- Wilson, Witchcr,
t1' adamf' Archer, Axtell,
■uanks, taruum, Beck, Lemon, Bingham, Bowen,
James Brooks, Cake, Churchill, Clarke, Cleveland,
Clinton L. Cobb, Conger, Dickey, Ela, Fox, Golla-
day, Greene. Haight, Hale, Hambleton, llamill.
Hays, Hill, Hopkins, Hotchkiss, Thomas L. Jones,
Logan, Lynch. Marshall, MeNeely, Eliakim II.
Moore, Jesse H. Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Morris-
sey, Packer, Palmer, Phelps, Potter, Roots, Sanford,
Sawyer, Schenck, Schumaker, Shanks, Sherrod. Slo-
cum, Stiles. Swann, Trimble, V an Auken, Van Horn,
Yoorliees, John.T. Wilson, and Winchester—58.
So the motion to lay the bill on the table
was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on
the motion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Garfield,] to amend the motion of the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Ingersoll] by striking
out " of Ways and Means " and inserting " on
Banking and Currency;" so as to provide that
the bill shall be referred to the Committee
on Banking and Currency. On this question the
main question has been ordered.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I call for the yeas and
nays on this question. I do so for this reason :
of the six members of the Committee on Bank-
ing and Currency who have voted four have
voted to lay the bill on the table. Therefore
I do not want to have the bill sent to that com-
mittee.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, would it be in
order, before the vote is taken, to have read
the rules making provision as to the distribu-
tion of business to the two committees now in
question ?
The SPEAKER. It would not be. That
would be in the nature of debate ; and the
main question has been ordered.
The question was taken ; and itwas decided
in the affirmative—yeas 99, nays 57, not voting
55 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Armstrong, Ar-
nell, Asper, Bailey, Beaman, Beatty, Benjamin,
Bird, Blair, Boles, Boyd, G-eorgc M. Brooks, Buck,
Buckley, Buffinton, Burchard, Calkin, Clinton L.
Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Cowles, Cox, Davis, Dawes,
Dixon, Donley, Duval, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry,
1'inkelnburg, Fisher, Fitch, Garfield, Gotz, Halde-
man, Hale, Hamilton, Hawley, Heaton, Hiflin,
Hoag, Hoar, Hooper, Jenckes, Judd, Julian, Kel-
ley. Ivellogg, Kclsey, Kerr, Keteham, Knapp,
LafUn, Lash, McGrew, Mercur, Eliakim IT. Moore,
Jesse H. Mooro, AVilliam Moore, Morgan, Samuel P.
Morrill, Mungen, Myers, Niblaek, O'Neill, Orth,
Packard, Peters, Poland, Pomeroy, Randall, Read-
ing, Reeves, Sargent, Soofield, Porter Sheldon,
Vi orthington C. Smith, Starkweather, Stevens,
Stokes, Stoughton, Strickland, Strong, Tanner,
Townsend, TwiclicH, Upson, Ward, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, Welker, Wheeler, Wilkinson, Willard,
Williams, Winans, and Woodward—99.
NAYS—Messrs, Adams, Allison, Beck, Bennett,
Burdett, Burr, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R.
Butler, Cessna, Amasa Cobb, Cook, Crebs, Cullom,
Dewoese, Dickinson, Doekery, Dox, Dyer, Eldridge,
Gilfillan, Gnswold, Hawkins, Hay, JLIogo, llolman,
Ingersoll, Johnson, Alexander 11. Jones, Thomas
L. Jones, Lawrence, Loughridgo, Maynard, Mc-
Carthy McCrary, Neglcy, Paine, Phelps, Kice,
}i°.?,9rs  Sawyer, John A. Smith, Joseph S. Smith,
m Ath, Stevenson, Stone,Strader, Sweeney,
Lalio, lillman, Cninblc, Tyner, Van Trump, Wells,
Lugeno M. Wilson, Winchester, Witcner, and
Wood—57.
NOT VOTING—Messrs.Archer, Axtell, Banks,
Laruum, Lenton, Biggs, Bingham, Bowen, James
{ rooks, Cake Churchill, Clarke, Cleveland, Dickey,
Lla, Fox. Golladay, Greene, Haight, Hamblcton,
iiamill, Hays, Hill, Hopkins, Hotchkiss, Knott,
Logan, Lynch. Marshall, Mayham, McCormick,
AlcAecly, Daniel J. Morrell, Morrissey, Packer,
1 aimer, Potter, Prosser, Roots, Sanford, Sehenek,
Schumaker, Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, Sherrod,
blooum, William J. Smith, Stiles. Swann, Van
Auken. \ an Horn, Voorhees, William B. Wash-
burn, Whittcmore, and John T. Wilson—55.
SotheamendmentofMr. Garfield, of Ohio,
was agreed to.
The question then recurred on Mr. Ingeb-
soll's motion, as amended, to refer the bill to
the Committee on Banking and Currency; and
it was agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid 011
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
virginia.
. Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a ques-
tion of privilege. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction to present to the
House certain testimony submitted to that
committee, and to move that it be ordered to
be printed. It refers to the case of Virginia.
The motion was. agreed to.
neutrality.
Mr. DAVIS asked unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution:
Resolved, That the President be requested to inform
this House whether in hisjudgment any further legis-
lation of Congress is necessary to enable the Execu-
tive to secure a more perfectnentrality in any strug-
gle between a European Power and its American
colony whenever the latter is seeking in good faith
by revolution to assert the right of self-government;
to the end that the hospitality and privileges of the
ports of the United States may not be extended to
either party to the prejudice or exclusion of the
other.
Mr. WOOD objected.
port washington, wisconsin.
Mr. ELDRIDGE, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be, and is
hereby, directed to furnish to the House of Repre-
sentatives, as soon as expedient, all information in his
possession in reference to the harbor at Port Wash-
ington, in the county of Ozaukee, in the State of
W iseonsin, including the report of the engineer of the
survey, estimates, &e., for the improvement and
completion thereof, and any and all other informa-
tion in his Department in relation thereto.
PUBLIC BUILDING! AT ERIE, PENNSYLVANIA.
Mr. SCOFIELD, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted -the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the supervising architect of the
Treasury Department be requested to take into con-
sideration the erection of a suitable building in the
city of Erie, State of Pennsylvania, lor the accom-
modation of the United States courts and Govern-
ment offices located there, and to make estimates of
the cost thereof, and to report by bill or otherwise.
dispensing witii informers.
Mr. MERCUR, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 497) to dispense with
spies and informers in the internal revenue
service; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
SALE OF LANDS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. SARGENT, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 498) for the sale of
certain lands in the State of California ; which
was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
PAYMENT 05 BOUNTY.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 499) to
authorize the payment of bounty to certain
volunteer officers of the Army who served in
the late war for the suppression of the rebel-
lion ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
land districts in nevada.
Mr. FITCH, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 500) to create addi-
tional land districts in the State of Nevada;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
state of tennessee.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I offer the fol-
lowing resolution, and move that it be referred
to the Committee on Reconstruction :
that the constitutional laws
01 the btate of Tennessee, which were made and
adopted by her loyal citizens, and which were ac-
ceptcd by the Congress of the United States as the
conditions upon which the said State was restored
to its practical relations to the union of States ; and
wliereasm the late election for Governor, members
* zi ^Assembly, and other officers in that
btate, the constitution and laws have been shame-
fully, openly, and defiantly violated, ignored, and
tiampled upon, and the election itself a fraud upon
the loyal people of the State, placing them at the
mercy ot the late rebels in arms—
Mr. WOOD. Is it in order to object to the
consideration of this resolution?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. WOOD. Then I object.
I he SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
