1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1389
reports of committees.
Mr. FERRY, from the Committee on Pat-
ents, to whom was referred the memorial of
Solomon E. Bowles, praying for permission to
file an application with the Commissioner of
Patents for an extension of his patent, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
559) for the relief of Solomon E. Bowles. The
bill was read and passed to a second reading,
and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, to whom was referred the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 121) authorizing the
Northern Pacific Railway Company to issue its
bonds for the construction of its road, and to
secure the same by mortgage, reported it with
an amendment.
Mr. PATTERSON, from the Committee on
the District of Columbia, to whom was referred '
the bill (S. No. 210) relating to judicial pro- j
ceedings in the District of Columbia, reported
it with amendments. I
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on the j
District of Columbia, to whom were referred j
the bill (S. No. 505) amendatory of the charter
of the Mutual Fire Insurance Company of the !
District of Columbia, and the bill (S. No. 540)
to incorporate the New Era Printing and Pub-
lishing Company of Washington, District of
Columbia, reported them without amendment.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 381) granting lands to aid the construc-
tion of a railroad from the western boundary
of Minnesota, at the junction of the Sioux
Wood river with the Red River of the North,
to the Winnepeg district of British America,
reported it with amendments.
papers withdraw.
On motion of Mr. WILLEY, it was
Ordered, That 0. P. Cobb and Christie & Co. have
leave to withdraw their petition and papers from the
files of the Senate.
charles h. pendleton.
Mr. NYE. The Committee on Naval Affairs,
to whom was referred the joint resolution (S.
R. No. 96) to place the name of Charles H.
Pendleton on the Navy Register as lieutenant
commander, active list, have instructed me to
report it back with a recommendation that it
pass, and I ask for its immediate consideration.
I hold in my hand a letter from the Secretary
of the Navy, who desires its passage.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution (S. R. No. 96) to
place the name of Charles H. Pendleton on
the Navy Register as lieutenant commander,
active list. It provides that the name of Charles
H. Pendleton, lieutenant United States Navy,
be placed upon the Navy Register as lieuten-
ant commander, active list, from the 12th day
of March, 1868, with the pay of such rank to
the date of his commission.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator desire the letter from the Secretary of
the Navy to be read ?
Mr. NYE. No, sir ; it simply recommends
the passage of the resolution.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
naval register.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
extra copies of the Navy Register, report it
back without amendment, and recommend its
passage. I ask for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution :
Retained, That one thousand copies of the Navy
Kegister, just issued by the Navy Department, be
printed for the use of the Senato.
The resolution was agreed to.
bills introduced.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
660) to incorporate the National Paving Com-
pany of Washington, District of Columbia;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. OSBORN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 561) for the relief of James D. Greene ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 562) to change the time of holding the dis-
trict courts of the United States for the State
of Alabama, and for other purposes; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 563) to make the importation of immi-
grants under labor contracts unlawful; which
was read twice by its title, and ordered to lie
on the table, and be printed.
Mr. CONKLING asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 564) to encourage the building of steam-
ships in the United States, and to provide for
the transportation of the United States mails
to Europe by steamships built in the United
States; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. CONKLING. In presenting this bill I
wish to say that I introduce it by request, which
request I might not comply with but that the
bill asks no subsidy and involves no liability
on the part of the Government. I do comply
chiefly for that reason ; and without at this
time commending or answering in any way for
the provisions of the bill, I move that it be
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 565) in relation to estimates
of appropriations and appropriation accounts;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Appropriations, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. HOWELL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 566) to make a grant of land to aid in the
construction of a railroad in the Territory of
Dakota; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
bill recommitted.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the bill (S.
No. 482) to provide for the location of agri-
cultural college scrip by actual settlers be re-
committed to the Committee on Public Lands.
The committee have agreed to report it as an
amendment to another bill, and they want it
recommitted for that purpose. .j.
The motion was agreed to.
steam-engines for the navy.
Mr. SPENCER submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be, and
he hereby is, requested to inform the Senate whether
or not a settlement has lately been made by the De-
partment with the Corliss Steam-Engine Company
for naval engines manufactured foT the Government;
and, if so, to state the particulars of such settlement,
who negotiated it, how much has been paid or found
due said company, and whether or not any deduc-
tions were made from the contract price on account
of unfinished work; and, if so, whether the deduc-
tions were smaller than those reported by the board
of officers appointed to examine the engines; and
also to furnish the Senate with a copy of so much of
the report of each officer as relates to these engines.
army register.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following
resolution; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing:
Retolved, That two thousand copies of the Army
Register, just issued by the War Department, be
printed for the use of the Senate.
little rock and fort smith railroad.
_Mr. RICE. I move to take up for consider-
ation Senate bill No. 374.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 374) to extend the
time for the Little Rock and Fort Smith Rail-
road Company to build the first section of
twenty miles of said road.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Committee
on the Pacific Railroad report a substitute for
the original bill in this case. If no Senator
calls for the reading of the original bill it will
not be read, but the substitute only will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the substitute pro-
posed to be inserted by the committee, striking
out all after the enacting clause of the bill and
 inserting:
i That the proviso of an act entitled "An act to ex-
; tend the time for the Little Rock and Fort Smith
j Railroad Company to complete the first section of
twenty miles of said road," approved April 10, 1869,
be, and the same hereby is, repealed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
1 amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed. Its title was amended so as to read :
! "A bill to amend an act entitled 'An act to
extend the time for the Little Rock sr.d Fort
. Smith Railroad Company to complete the first
section of twenty miles of said road,' approved
! April 10, 1869."
j the funding bill.
I Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to make a motion
1 to take up what is called the funding bill, Sen-
ate bill No. 380, merely to fix a day for its
consideration. I wish to reconcile differences
if possible, and prevent a collision about the
floor. I propose to take up the bill and post-
| pone it until Tuesday. That will leave Monday
I for bills from the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CHANDLER. Suppose you make it
Wednesday, and give me Monday and Tuesday.
I think I shall require two days.
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit the motion to
take up the bill, and then I shall move to post-
pone it, and continue it as the special order
until Tuesday next.
I Mr. SUMNER. It would be better to say
Wednesday.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will name Tuesday,
and the Senate can do as they please.
Mr. CHANDLER. I think the Committee
on Commerce will require at least two days ;
but if the Senate will give me Monday, with
the positive certainty that I shall not be inter-
fered with on that day, I shall not insist on
more.
Mr. SHERMAN. I simply wish to get this
funding bill out of the way. It will probably
take some time; and I am anxious to accom-
modate the views of Senators.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator, I believe,
consents to give one of his days, as his bill
will occupy at least a week, to me to call up
the bill abolishing the franking privilege.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will say to the Senator
that I do not wish to complicate my motion
with the consideration of other bills.
Mr. RAMSEY. I thought I understood the
Senator to say so to me a day or two ago.
Mr. SHERMAN. I say I have no objec-
tion. I simply make the motion for Tuesday.
If the Senate chooses to put it off to Wednes-
day, that is for them to say.
Air. CHANDLER. I will, as an amendment
to that motion, move that the funding bill be
made the special order for Wednesday; and
then I shall move that Monday be assigned
to the Committee on Commerce.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill has not
yet been taken up. The first question is on
the motion of the Senator from Ohio to take
up the funding bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill (8. No.
