1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5165
States had the right to import slaves, could not
naturalize.
But after that time, when free citizens of
color came here, I question very much even
before the adoption of the thirteenth and four-
teenth amendments, whether that provision of
the naturalization act which excluded them
from naturalization was constitutional.
Now, what is the objection to naturalizing
these Chinese? We do not compel anybody
to become an American citizen, but we pro-
vide the means by which a person of foreign
birth may become a citizen of the United
Slates; we do that by a uniform rule, and
whenever a Chinaman conforms to that rule
it seems to me that he is clearly entitled to
become a citizen as if he were born in England,
or France, or Germany, or any other country
outside of the United States.
The argument against making Chinamen
citizens because they will interfere with the
labor of the country would go to the extent of
keeping them out of the country altogether.
Why, then, does not the Senator from Oregon
propose that no Chinaman shall be admitted
into this country? He may perform the labor
that is now performed by American citizens
just as well without being a citizen as when he
becomes a citizen. This is the old argument
over again; 1 have met it for years on the
stump. It was the argument addressed to the
laboring people in the North against the abo-
lition of slavery. It was said, " If you abolish
slavery the result will be that all the negroes
of the South will come up here and you will
have to compete with their labor.'' The servant
girls were told that " Dinah aud her sisteis
would come North and take the places occupied
by them ; that their wages would be reduced."
Mechanics were told that negroes would come
in and compete with them and reduce the price
of labor. But all this has turned out to be all
a mistake ; there is nothing of it. Labor in the
North was never better rewarded than now since
the negro has been made free.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Will the honorable Sen-
ator from Illinois allow me to ask him a ques-
tion? He has announced this proposition, that
he always thought the word "white" was un-
constitutional in the naturalization laws, and
his opinion now is that such a provision would
be clearly unconstitutional. The question I
wish to propound to the honorable gentleman,
fcr whose learning in the law I have great
respect, is this: whether he means to deny the
right of this or any other nation to establish
its own law of naturalization?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not understand the
Senator. Does he ask whether I mean to deny
the right of the United States to establish its
own law of naturalization ?
Mr. SAULSBURY. And confine the per-
sons who shall be naturalized to particular
classes. Does he deuy that right to this as a
sovereign power?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I deny the right to pass
any law but one which establishes a uniform
rule of naturalization, and then I say that any-
body who brings himself within that rule, no
matter whence he comes, is entitled to take the
benefit of it. That is my position; and any
rule that is not uniform in its operation upon
persons is unconstitutional.
Mr. SAULSBURY. One other question,
and I will not trouble the Senator further. Do
I understand him to say thathe understands the
word " uniform " in the sense of " universal?"
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; but 1 mean if
the United States pass a law authorizing per-
sons of foreign birth to become citizens, it must
be a law that is uniform m its operation, and
that any person, no matter whence he conies,
who complies with the rule, is entitled to be
admitted to American citizenship.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Now I must break my
engagement to the Senator by propounding
another question, but I will not propound a
further one. Does he mean to say that the
Government of the United States is so limited
in the exercise of its power, that, if it chooses
to say so, it cannot admit a German and ex-
clude an Irishman, or admit an Irishman and
exclude a German, admit a Frenchman and
exclude an Englishman, or admit an English-
man and exclude a Frenchman?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do mean to say that
when the Frenchman comes here and set-
tles in this country and conforms to the rules
prescribed by the naturalization law, he is just
as much entitled to become a citizen as if lie
were an Englishman, and that to make the
right to naturalize depend on the particular
place or country whence the foreigner came
would be inconsistent with the principles of our
Government.
I do not deny the power of the Government,
however unwise it might lie, to build a Chinese
wall around this country, and to keep foreign-
ers out altogether ; nor the power to keep those
from one country out, and to admit those from
another; but when, foreigners p.re admitted,
settle among us, and conform to our laws, I
insist that the privilege of naturalization, if it
is given at all, must be by a uniform rule appli-
cable alike to all, without regard to the partic-
ular country whence they may have come.
Mr. DRAKE. That is because the Consti-
tution requires the rule to be uniform?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly; the rule must
be uniform ; and when persons come here and
settle and conform to the rule, you cannot dis-
tinguish between two individuals on account of
the color of their skin or hair.
Mr. DRAKE. But 1 suggest to the honor-
able Senator that it is in the constitutional
power of this Government, if it chooses, to say
•that no man from Germany shall become a
citizen, or no man from Russia, no man from
Hindostan, no man from Ireland, and to admit
all the rest of the world to citizenship at its
mere will and pleasure.
Mr. CONKLING. Now that the Senator
is interrupted, will he allow me to make a sug-
gestion?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg, with his leave, to
submit a motion that at five o'clock to-day the
Senate take a recess until half past seven, so
that we may complete this subject.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from New York asks permission to make
a motion that at five o'clock to-day the Senate
take a recess until half past seven. Those who
are in favor 
Mr. THURMAN. 1 move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not give way for
an adjournment. I have only a word or two
more to say.
Mr. THURMAN. If the Senator gives way
for one motion he gives way for all. I insist
on my motion.
Mr. CONKLING. I submit that while the
Senate is dividing the Senator from Ohio has
no right to make his motion.
Mr. THURMAN. I addressed the Chair
before the Chair pot the question.
The PRESIDENT^))-*) tempore. The Chair
thinks the Senator from Ohio spoke before the
motion was put.
Mr. CONKLING. But he had not been
recognized.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. lie should
have been recognized. The Chair thinks the
Senator from Ohio has a right to make the
motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Am I not entitled to
the floor?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Illinois is entitled to the floor if he
claims it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not want a motion
to adjouru to be made at this moment. I shall
be through in a minute, and then gentlemen
can make any motion they please.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator yielded to
me and I made a motion for a recess.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did give the floor to
the Senator from New York with a view to
make that motion, out as there is a controversy
about it, I prefer resuming the floor.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will remark on a pomt raised to-day that a
Senator cannot yield the floor to another Sen-
ator for a particular purpose, but must yield
unconditionally if he yields at all. Such is
undoubtedly the law, but it has always been
the custom to allow a Senator to yield the floor
to another Senator for a particular parposo,
and the Chair has followed the usual prac-
tice.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What motion is pending
now?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Illinois is eutiiled to the floor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall be through in a
moment, and then I will give way.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise to a pailiamentary
point, not to stop my friend from Illinois, but
to inquire what is th# pending motion—that of
the Senator from New York, or the main ques-
tion ?
The PRESIDENT pro iemvore. The pend-
ing motion is the motion to reconsider the
amendment which was adopted on the motion
of the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. TRUMBULL, Mr. President 
Mr. FENTON. Will the Senator from Illi-
nois allow me a word?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator sees the
difficulty I have got into already by yielding.
I prefer to go on.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Illinois is entitled to the floor, and
must not be interrupted without his consent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should have been
through before this if I had not been inter-
rupted so often by questions which gentlemen
have put to me. I do not agree with the Sen-
ator from Missouri [Mr. Drake] that Congress
has authority to pass a naturalization law of
the character that he indicates. I think we could
keep out the inhabitants of one country and
not another; but if we admit men from different
countries I think that the law that we pass for
their naturalization must be uniform as to per-
sons as well as uniform in its operation in the
different States. I do not agree with the Sen-
ator from Missouri in that respect.
But, Mr. President, what looks to me as
extraordinary at the present time is that the
Republican party, which has achieved all its
triumphs in the name of freedom and equal-
ity, which has emblazoned upon its banners,
" Equal rights to all men; no distinction on
account of race or color," should be alarmed
lest the Chinese take possession of thecountry,
and that Senators should be frightened, not.
only from their propriety, but from principle,
and be willing to forsake the foundation upon
which they have stood for twenty years advo-
cating human rights and equal privileges to all
men alike. I, sir, have not been extieme ; I
have fometimes been charged with lagging
behind; but I never abandoned the great prin-
ciple of equal rights, nor can I consent now to
deny a man the rights of citizenship simply
because of the color of his skin or the place
of his birth.
The pending amendment provides that per-
sons from alhnations may be naturalized ex-
cept those who are born in China. Why exclude
the inhabitants of China, die people from the
oldest nation in the world, and who are so far
advanced in arts and literature? Everybody
else can be naturalized, the Hottentot and the
I cannibal, to use the language of the Senator
j from Oregon; but he proposes an amendment
' that shall exclude from naturalization the pa-
j tient, the laborious, the industrious, the skil-
ful, the intelligent Chinaman.
I Why, sir, you find m China not. only wealth,
but learning. The merchant princes of the
earih dwell there. Fioni China we have much
to learn. Their civilization is not like ours in
all respects, but in some it is superior ; and
i yet that people are to be singled out by the
