1870.
THE 0 0 N(j! llESSTOKrAL GLOBE.
4221
Mr. C'ORBETT. Ireserved the Osage amend-
ment. 1 have examined that amendment, and
I withdraw my objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is the Kickapoo
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reserved
amendments are now through with, the Senator
from Oregon having withdrawn his call for a
separate vote on the amendment indicated by
him.
Mr. RAMSEY. I offer the following amend-
ment «a a new section:
A>nUii further enacted. That the Secretary of the
Interior is hereby authorized to pay to Antoinette
liariing, or her legal representatives, the sum of
$f>18 it'', beiiK the unexpended balance of tire sum
.ipinopriated for the payment of Sioux Indian dep-
redations in Minnesota in 1802 andlSOl, the same to
be In full uf all claims of said Antoinette Barling for
gaid depredations.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is not tliat a private
claim ?
Mr. RAMSEY. Tliis had the recommend-
ation of the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Is not that the
same proposition that was ruled out as a private
claim ?
Mr. HOWE. It has been ruled out two or
three times.
Mr. RAMSEY. Not two or tlireo times;
only once in committee. 1 beg the Senate not,
to decide this matter without a perfect under-
standing of it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Do not discuss it again
, at this time of night.
Mr. RAMSEY. I am not going to discuss
it, and I do not discuss anything very often or
very long. Tlusjs a claim for depredations
by the Sioux Indians iu 18G2--G3. Every one
in the Senate is familiar with the character of
those depredations. Property and life were
destroyed there without an ability to measure
now; a thousand lives were destroyed and an
immense amount of properly. CongreVs made
an appropriation to reimburse the people lor
some of those depredations. A small balance
is still remaining of about live or six hundred
dollars unexpended of that fund, llere is u
parly whose claim was presented to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs for wrongs done by
Indians, property destroyed, and lives de-
stroyed in the family. The claim has met
the approbation of the Committee on Indian
Affairs, who have thoroughly investigated the
question.
Mr. DAVIS. Tlie claim is for about double
the amount of this residue, yes three times the
amount of the residue of the appropriation ;
and all that is here asked is the residue of the
amount.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope the Senate will not
inconsiderately reject so fair a claim as this,
which is already provided for in the law.
Mr. ROSS. I examined this case very care-
fully, and I think it is an honest and just claim.
It will not cost the Government anything.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 18, noes 1G : no quorum voting.
Mr. RAMSEY. Then let us have the yeas
and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. 'Ihere is a
quorum here.
Mr. WILLIAMS. To save time, I shoulu
like to know what kind of a way this is of doing
business? This amendment has been presented
to the Senate and ruled out two or three times,
if I am not mistaken.
Mr. RAMSEY. Why <3oe3 the Senator Say
" two or three limes ?'' It was up in Commit-
tee of the Wfaoloj aftd ruled out by the Cn&n
on a misconstruction, as I conceive, of tue
law. Why prejudice a claimant in that Way
by saying "two or three times?■'
Mr. WILLIAMS. I state according to tue
best of my recollection the number ot tunes ,
and if this proposition i3 out of order, and it
is to be s'o decided, what is the use of taking
time with it?
Mr. RAMSEY. But I h-old that it is not out
of order, and I subtnit the question to thcUhair.
Here is tlie law. I should like the Chair to
ldtik At the lav/.
- Mr. TRUMBULL. The question of order
is made, and tHat is not debatable. Let us
haVe the decision of the Chair Whether this is
a private cl&itn or Hot.
Mr. RAMSEY. I say it is amply provided
for jn the law of 1863. I ask the Chair to
decide upon the law, which I hand to him.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
must follow the 'ruling heretofore made, it
having already been passed upon.
Mr. RAMSEY. 1 ask the Chair to look at
the law for himself.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
decides the amendment to be out of order.
Mr. RAMSEY. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair. ["Oh, no."]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is, l: Shall the decision of the Chair stand
us I lie judgment of the Senate?
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 25, noes l'-i; and the decision
of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. HARLAN. I will renew an amendment
that was voted upon in Committee of the Whole
for this reason: I was informed by one of the
Senators from Nevada, whom 1 do not now see
in his seat, [Mr. Nye,] that he voted for the
amendment and was recorded on the Journal
against it. Had lie been recorded as he voted
the amendment would have been carried in
committee. 1 therefore renew it. 1 will not
debate it; but 1 will ask leave, after the amend-
ment shall have been iead, to read the law, and
I will then take tlie sense of the Seuute. The
amendment is as a new section :
And be it further cnnrhxl, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and lie is hereby, authorized to execute
to the propel aulhotilies "f Ihe Ohoelaw nation of
Indians the bond* of itie United States of tho aggre-
Kiiie amount ot ^2-"0,000 a? of date July 1, ISM, bear-
ing nitereid at six per cent, per annum from said
date, beiii^ In exeemion of treaties between tho
United States aurl the Choctaw nation atid of a law
of Congress.
This arises under the tenth article of tho
treaty with tho Choutaws, which is in these
words:
" Tho United States reaffirms all obligations aris-
ing out. of (reat.v Kituilatioiis oi acts of legislation
Willi lizard to the Choctaw and Chickasaw nalions
entered into prior to tho late rebellion and in foreo
at that time "—
I desire the attention of the chairman of tho
Committee on Approbations to that phrase-
ology—
"and in force at that time, not inconsistent here-
with; and farther .lurecs to renew the payment of
all annuities and oLher moneys accruing under such
treaty stipulations and nets of legislation, from and
utter tue elo-e of the liscal year ending on the 30lU
of June, in tho year l'K6."
Now, the only question that can arise is
| whether that obligation was in force at the
' time the rebellion began ; for if it was in force
at that time the United States has agreed to
carry it into effect. Here is the law providing
for the issuing of these bonds, in volume twelve
of the Statutes, page 238;
•' For payment to the Choctaw nation or tribe
of Indians, on account of their i hiim under Iho
eleventh and twelfth articles of the treaty _witli
said nation or tribe, in fie the 22d of Jane. 1S35, the
sum oi t-j'JO.WO, .-^50,uo:) of which sum shall be paid
in money"—
And that was paid—
"and for the residue tile Secretary of iho Treasury
shall cause to be js-ued to the prooei authorities oi
tho nation or tribe, on their rciutsitem, bonds oi
the tinned Slates, auihoi.<e;l by law atthe present
session of Congress: /Voi-cfctf, 'iHat in the iutura
adjuslmeht oi' the claim of tiie Choetaws under the
treaty atoie-aid tho said sum shall be charged against
the said Indian-;."
This is a clear provision of law for the pay-
ment of £250,01)0 in Ui'jM'y. and issuing to the
authorities of th-  tribe, on their requisition,
$250,f.0'J in bonds of the character authorized
to be issued at that session of Congress. The
treaty of 186C, as I have just read it, provides
for carrying into effect all these treaty obliga-
tions and obligations under the laws in force
at that time.
Mr. DRAKE. When was that treaty, entered
into?
Mr. HARLAN. In 180C.
Mr. HOWE. What is the date of that law
which the Senator read?
Mr. HARLAN. The date of the law is
March 2, 1801.
Mr. POM K.ROY. Was tho money paid?
Mr. HARLAN. The money part was paid,
but the borids were not issued.
Mr. SHERMAN. And the balance of the
money was paid to the loyal Indians.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This question
was thoroughly afgued in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I think this question
was fully argued in Committee of the Whole,
and the decision' waa against ItSIs appropria-
tion. I am somewhat asumisltetl at 
Mr. HAliLAN. If the honorable Senator
will pardon me, ho could not have observed
what I stated when I renewed this amendment.
1 slated that the honorable Senator from
Nevada who usually sits nearest die [Mr. Nye]
told me at my desk that he Voted for the claim,
but was recorded as voting againSfc it, llad
he been recorded as he voted the amendment
would have been adopted in Committee ot' the
Whole; and on that, account I felt it, to be my
duty as chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs to renew it in the Senate, tlie Senate
in Committee of the Whole, in (act, having
agreed to it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Let us vote,.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—aves 20, noes 18.
Mr. ROBERTSON. 1 call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think it is right
on the statement made by the Suiator from
Iowa to reopen the question, involving a qua r-
let' of a, million dollars, which has once I)-on
debated and voted upon by a full Senate, ajnl
after the matter was pretty thoroughly can ,
vassed by several hours' discussion. The Sen-
ator whose vote it is said was misnndeistond
heard his vote clearly read by the Secretary,
and was given ample time to correct any mis
take. I do not like to see mi appro.iriaiion
of this kind, whore the money has otioe been
paid, made. This money has been pai<l once ;
and to saddle tins quarter of a million on lit"
Treasury now in a tliiu Senate. I think would
not be right; ami 1 give notice that if this
thing is to be opened again 1 shall feel it my
duty to debate it over again. I therefore call
for the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The yeas
and nays are demanded on this amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, Mr. President, it is
true that a cursory examination of tile treaty
of 18GG—-
Mr. WILLIAMS. If the Senator will give
way I will move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No ; let us finish this
bill.
Mi. WILLIAMS. I do nottliiuk thatavotc
should be taken on this question with so thin
a Senate. It will take an hour or two, I sup-
pose, or longer, to discuss it.
Air. SHERMAN. I feel bound to say to the
Senate that this amendment, if carried, will
involve other matters embraced iu the treaty
of 1K<3(5, amounting to millions, because there
are other claims included in the same vague
terms; aulking others ail old claim ot $800,-
0(H), which 1 think was fairly eut off by the
state of war that existed at one tune between
tlie tribe and the United States. I trust this
question will go over. .
Mr. HO WE. Let us take tins question when
we have a full Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. Then let us adjourn now.
