4222
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
, The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Oregon moves that the Senate do now
adjourn.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, let us finish
this to-night. I appeal to the Senate.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am willing to go on,
and I will withdraw my motion, with the under-
standing that the vote on this particular prop-
osition shall be taken to-morrow.
Mr. DAVIS and Mr. SUMNER. Question
on the adjournment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to—aye3 four-
teen, noes not counted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Iowa,
upon which the yeas anjl nays have been
ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckingham, Casserly. Corbett,
Davis, Drake, Fowler.Hamilton of Maryland. Ham-
ilton of Texas, Harlan. Johnston. McOrecry, McDon-
ald, Ross.Sauisbury, Stockton, Thurman, Trumbull,
Vickers, and Warner—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Boremon, 0linndler. Cole, Gilbert,
Harris, Howe. Kellogg. Morrill of Maine, Osborn,
Patterson, Pomcroy,Robertson, Schura.boott, Sher-
man, Sprague, Stewart, Tipton, Willcy, Williams,
Wilson, and Yates—22.
ABSKNT—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Anthony, Bay-
ard, Brownlow. Cameron, Carpenter, Cattell, Conk-
lins, Cragin, Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry, Flanagan,
Hamlin, Howard, Howell. Lewis, Morrill of'Veruiont,
Morton, Norton, Nye, Pool. Pratt, ltamsey. Revels,
liiCe, Sawyer, Spencer, Sumner, and Thayer—:>1.
So the amendment was rejected.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to bo read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed ;
and the title was amended by striking out tin;
words "so called " after " treaty stipulations."
APPORTIONMENT OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill for the
apportionment of representation.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn. It is late.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 hope not. Let us take
up that bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have wanted to take
up a bill these three days.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Minnesota moves that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the motion of the Senator from
Illinois.
Mr. CHANDLER. I gave notice that I
would call tip the bill for a through railroad to
New York. I want to get it up to-morrow
morning. [ gave notice that I should antag-
onize it against any bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But the apportionment
bill was set down as the special order for to-
morrow. I hope the Senator will not antag-
onize it with that bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Illi-
nois, to take up the bill (H. R. No. 1823) to
provide for the apportionment of Representa-
tives to Congress among the several States.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I now move that the
Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
(at ten o'clock and twenty-five minutes p. m.)
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, June 8,1870.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
actual settlers.
Mr. SARGENT, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 2173) to amend an
act entitled "An act to reduce the expenses
of the survey and sale of the public lands in
the United States," approved May 30, 18C2;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill provides that the act entitled "An
act to reduce the expenses of the survey and
sale of the public lands in the United States,"
approved May SO, 1862, be amended by adding
thereto the following additional section, to be
numbered as section eleven, namely:
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted. That in all cases
where settlers shall make deposits for public surveys
such amounts so deposited shall go in part payment
i'or their lands situated in the township the survey-
ing of which is paid for out of said deposits.
Mr. DAWES. Who introduces that?
Mr. SARGENT. I do; and I will explain
it in a moment. The law which this amends was
passed in 18G2. It authorizes settlers to make
deposits to pay for surveys of townships in
which their preemption or homestead claims
may be situated. This money is used by the
United States surveyor general as an appro-
priation for surveying would be, and the plats
are approved and returned to the local land
ofiices as in other cases. The object of the
law was to facilitate the surveys of the public
lands and bring them more rapidly into mar-
ket. But as there is no provision in the law
by which when the settler comes to prove up
and pay for his land he can have credit for the
amount deposited, the law has not been oper-
ative to any great extent. This bill is to cor-
rect that defect by allowing the amount of the
deposit to go as part payment toward the price
of the land in the township surveyed in favor
of the depositor, if he proves his right to his
preemption. The advantage of the law to the
Government will be that it will save appropri-
ations, so far as it operates, for the survey of
the public lands, while it will enable settlers in
thickly-settlcd neighborhoods to get surveys
without loss and without waiting for the slow
action and depending on the slight appropria-
tions of Congress. This bill has the unanimous
approval of the Committee on the Public Lands.
To answer an objection made to it, I have
made it only to apply to future surveys and
deposits.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SARGENT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
KEOKUK SOLDIERS' CEMETERY.
Mr. McCRARY, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a joint resolution (II. R. No. 822)
authorizing the Secretary of War to transfer to
Keokuk, Iowa, condemned ordnance for the
ornamentation of the soldiers' cemetery at that
place; which was read a first and second time.
The joint resolution authorizes the Secretary
of War to transfer from the most convenient
point to Keokuk, Iowa, such condemned ord-
nance as he may deem proper, to be used in
the ornamentation of the soldiers' cemetery at
said city.
The joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third Sme; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. McCRARY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
offenders against united states laws.
Mr. NEGLEY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (II. R. No. 2171) in relation to
persons imprisoned for offenses against the laws
of the United States; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
willamette collection district, oregon.
Mr. SAWYER, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Commerce, reported back a
bill (8. No. 395) to establish the collection
district of Willamette, in the State of Oregon,
with the recommendation that it do pass.
The bill proposes to constitute all that por-
tion of the district of Oregon situated above
the junction of the Willamette and Columbia,
rivers, and drained by those rivers and their
tributary waters, a collection district, to be
called the Willamette district, whereof Portland
is to be the port of entry ; and a collector is to
be appointed for the district, to reside at Port-
land, who is to be allowed a salary of $1,000
per annum, with the fees allowed by law'; such
salary and fees not to exceed in any one year
S3,000. The master of every vessel entering
the Columbia river from the sea and bound for
Portland is to exhibit his papers to the collector
of the port of Astoria, and deposit with him a
sworn copy of the manifest of cargo ; and if the
vessel be laden with domestic merchandise or
merchandise in bond for Portland the collector
at Astoria is to permit her to proceed to her
place of destination; but if she shall have -
dutiable merchandise on board not bonded lieis
to cause a customs officer to ptoceed on board
the vessel to Portland, who shall see that no
goods are landed from such vessel before her
arrival and entry at the latter poit. And the
necessary expenses, including the^er diem, of
such officer and the expense of his return to
Astoria, are to be paid by the master of the
vessel to the collector of customs at Portland,
for the use of the United States, before permit,
shall be given to unload. All vessels clearing
from Portland and bound to sea shall on arrival
at Astoria report to the collector, and the mas-
ter of every vessel so reporting shall leave a
copy of his manifest, including any additional
cargo taken on board after leaving Portland,
with the collector at Astoria, and thereunon
shall be allowed to proceed to sea. And the
master or other person iti charge or command
of any vessel entering the Columbia river Irom
the sea, or clearing from Portland and bound
to sea, as before described, v.ho shall neglect
to exhibit his papers, or to report to the col
lector, or to deposit of his manifest, as thus
required, shall forfeit and pay the sum of $100.
When a vessel shall arrive at Astoria from sea
having merchandise on board for that place
and also for Portland, such vessel shall enter
at Astoria and discharge such portion of her
cargo as is destined for that place, whereupon
the collector shall cause her hatch ;s to be
closed and sealed, and shall then permit her
to proceed to Portland in charge of a customs
officer, as hereinbefore provided.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time ;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. SAWYER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
index to the globe.
Air. LAWRENCE. I offer the following
resolution, for reference to the joint Committee
on Printing:
Resolved, That the publishers of the Congressional
Globe be, and are hereby, directed to insert an index
for all the volumes of said Globe at any one t-ession
of Congress only in the last volume of the session,
with the tables, diagrams, and list of members ot
each House of Congress, on the plan adopted in the
volumes of the said Globe for the last session of the
Fortieth Congress.
Let me call attention to the necessity of this
by reference to one volume of the Globe as an
example. Volume sixty-seven of toe Globe,
for 1808, has an index and tables of three hun
dred and fifty two pages, while the reported
