78
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
Marshal General and his assistants were con-
cerned. They were allowed their postage, and
whatever bill they presented was allowed and
paid. In some districts these bills were ten times
as large as they were in other districts. And it
came to the knowledge of some of the author-
ities thateven clothing, boots, &c., were bought,
and bills rendered for them under the name of
postage. Here is a door opened for frauds
which will make the Government pay for post-
age one hundred times as much as it would
under the provisions.of this bill. These parties
will have this privilege but a few days. The
enumerators cann.ot be ia office for a period
exceeding sixty days, and it is not to be pre-
sumed that in that time they can frank and
pass through the mails, especially after the
penal amendment attached to the bill on the
motion of the gentleman from Illinois, many
letters in a way to defraud the Department.
But suppose they do; that fraud costs the
Government nothing. We will pay no more
for carrying the mails in that case than we
will if this provision is struck out. The mails
must be carried whatever number of lettex-s
they contain, and I undertake to say that if the
amendmentot'the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Farnsworth] prevails the postage accouut in
carrying out this bill will be enormous and far
beyond what that gentleman entertains any
idea of.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. I cannot admit the
correctness of the statement of the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Benjamin] that my amend-
ment is going to incur a larger expense to the
Government than would the grauting of the
franking privilege to these officers. The gen-
tleman says that this would not cost the Gov-
ernmentanything. If thatbeso, then the frank-
ing privilege does not cost anything. This is
the franking privilege, and it is the extension
of it to anew batch of officers. The Postmaster
General says that the franking privilege costs
the Government $5,000,000; that if it were
abolished he could save that amount to the
Government, and that he hopes to be able to
signalize his administration by reducing the
rates of postage if Congress will but second
him in his desire to cut off these abuses and
have an economical administration of the
Department.
Now, sir, without pretending to say whether
I believe the Postmaster General is accurate
in his estimate or not, I will say this, that he
has got very much the advantage of us before
the people of the'country in the argument. He
is at the head of the Post Office Department;
lie has made this statement to the country; he
foliows it up by a very cogent and pointed argu-
ment which is very likely to strike conviction
to the minds of the people at large, and we can-
not stand before the people of the country in
the face of that argument and statement of the
1 ostmaster General if we go on extending the
franking privilege instead of abolishing it; and
it certainly does not look much like abolishing
the franking privilege for the House to be pass-
ing a bill here extending it to three or four
thousand new officers.
Ihe provisions of the amendment which I
have offered would enable these officers to be
allowed in the settlement of their accounts
whatever expenses may be incurred by them
for postage that is right and proper. I do not
propose to saddle the postage upon the enum-
erators. If gentlemen think that is not the
best plan, butthatitwould be better to increase
their pay and make them pay their own post-
age, let it be put in that form. My amendment
would require them, in the first instance, to buy
of the Governmentthenecessarystamps, tokeep
:m accurate account of those stamps, and to re-
turn it to the Government, and then the money
wi ll bo refunded. One hand washes the other.
uo not see how it will cost the Government
anything, unless they cheat. If thev cheat in
making up their accounts, which we shall re-
quire them to verify under oath, would not they
cheat if we gave them the franking privilege?
If they will violate their oaths in making return
of their accounts, can you trust them with the
franking privilege ? That is all there is in the
question.
Mr. MUNGEN. I do not know what is
the matter with my friend from Illinois, [Mr.
Fabnswortii.] It seems to me he is favoring
the railroad interest of the country. As my
friend from Missouri [Mr. Benjamin] says,
the railroads are paid now for carrying the
mails, be they more or less, and it is certain
that they charge enough. The gentleman did
not seem to be so zealous about this matter
some time since when there was more occa-
sion for it. Before the last election from three
to five million documents were sent over the
railroads by the Republican executive commit-
tee. I do not know that the gentleman thought
so much of this matter then. Now, for my
part, with all due respect for the honorable
gentleman who now fills the office of Post-
master General, my impression is that the gain
to the Government by this measure would he a
mere bagatelle. But it would save to the rail-
roads a great deal of trouble in the handling
of mail matter and might have been of some
importance a year or so ago; but the elections
are now over. Had this rule been in opera-
tion then it would have saved a great deal of
trouble to some members of this House, for to
my certain knowledge there were several who
worked for weeks and months in the rooms of
the Republican executive committee.
_ Now, it does not cost the Government one
single cent more to carry these mails than it
would if there was no franking privilege at all,
for the railroads are to carry the mails for a
fixed sum. They charge enormous sums for
carrying the mails, and are well paid for their
services. For my own part I am not willing
to take money out of my own pocket for send-
ing public documents to the people, of which
we have so many, and which the people expect
to have sent to them. That- is a matter of
public interest, and not of my own private
interest. It is enough for me' to sit down,
direct the documents, and write my name on
them. I find now all of that I can do, and I
get help, too.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I appeal to the
Committee of the Whole to close debate on
this section and let us pass on. Every one
must see that the question of the franking priv-
ilege is so much wider than this section that it
is not worth while to consider it here.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I appeal to the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] to consent
that I may offer this amendment in the House
and have a fair vote on it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have no objec-
tion to that if we can pass on now.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I withdraw ruy
amendment.
Mr. MARSHALL. Do I understand the
Chair to hold that the amendment I suggested
awhile ago would not be in order now? It is
a mere verbal correction.
The CHAIRMAN. It can be inserted by
unanimous consent.
Mr. MARSHALL. I ask unanimous consent
to insert in the provision adopted yesterday on
my motion the words "for each offense;" so
that the provision will read as follows:
And any superintendent, clerk, district superin-
tendent, or enumerator who shall use or exercise
this privilege ior any purpose other than the legiti-
mate discharge of the duties of his office shall be
found guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon convic-
■ onsim forfeit for each offense a sum not exceed-
ing 3?100 
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objec- I
tion the amendment suggested by the gentle-
man from Illinois will be agreed to.
There was no objection; and the amendment
was adopted.
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. 17. And be it further enacted, That each dis-
mot superintendent shall receive compensation for
his services at tho#rato of eight dollars per day, but
he shall not_ receive pay for any service rendered
after the period of sixty days from the dato fixed for
the completion of the enumeration; and each enum-
erator shall receive compensation for his services
at the rate of four dollars per day for the time during
which he is employed as such enumerator, but ho
shall not receive any compensation for any services
rendered after a period of ten days from the time
fixed for the completion of the enumeration. The
compensation of the district superintendents and
enumerators, as provided in this section, shall be
paid under the following1 restrictions, to wit: when-
ever a district superintendent shall certify that an
enumerator has satisfactorily completed the enumer-
ation and made returns thereof for the enumeration
district confided to him, and shall also certify to tho
amount of compensation to which, under the pro-
visions of this act. such enumerator is entitled, des-
ignating tho number of days during which he has
been employed, the Secretary of the Interior shall
cause one half of the sum so due to be paid to such
enumerator. And when said returns have been
received by tho superintendent and carefully ex-
amined for classification, if found executed in a
satisfactory manner, then he shall also cause the
other half to be paid. And whenever the Superin-
tendent of the Census shall certify that the district
superintendent has completed to his satisfaction
and^ made returns of his district, and shall also
certify the amount of compensation to which, under
the provisions of this act, such district superintend-
ent is entitled, designating how long he has held his
office, the Secretary of the Interior shall thereupon
cause one half of the sum so due to be paid to such
district superintendent, and when the returns have
been carefully examined for classification, if found
executed in a satisfactory manner, then he shall
also cause the other half to be paid.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I move to
amend the section just read by striking out the
words beginning in the eighth line, "but he
shall not receive any compensation for any ser-
vices rendered after a period of ten days from
the time fixed for the completion of the enum-
eration," and inserting in lieu thereof the fol-
lowing:
But said compensation shall not commence beforo
the 10th day of April, 1870. nor to continue longer
than ten days from thetime fixed for the completion
of the enumeration, and.that it shall be the duty of
each district superintendent to employ tho enumer-
ators by him selected, or any of them, for as much
shorter period than above limited as may, in his
judgment, be sufficient for the performance of the
duties to them assigned.
Mr. Chairman, I offer this amendment in the
interest of economy, a principle which I think
has been sadly overlooked in the framing of this
bill. The substitutes which have been offered
have been entire substitutions, and have been
considered impracticable by the House. This
proposition is not intended to cripple the bill,
but merely to limit in one respect the other-
wise almost inevitable expensiveness of its
workings. ^ The adoption of this amendment
will, I believe, save to the Government over
four million dollars. Those who have made no
calculation upon this subject may, perhaps,
think that the whole expense of taking the
census under this bill will not exceed the sum
I have just named; but I tell gentlemen that
without this amendment the expense of this
work will be over ten million dollars, and with
it must be as much as $6,000,000.
Let us see. We have a population of forty
millions. Thisbillprovidesthatthe whole enum-
eration of these shall be taken in one month's
time. Every family is to be visited, besides
an immense amount of additional statistical
information is to be collected. Divide these into
families of six, giving each enumerator twenty
minutes to visit each family eight working
hours a day and twenty-six to the month, and
one enumerator can within that month take
the enumeration required by schedules one and
two alone—more than three thousand seven
hundred and forty-four days. This will require
for what may be called the personal ennmera
tion alone, provided for by these sections, more
than ten thousandenumerators. Addadditional
for the other five schedules, and we will want
five thousand more. This will be fifteen thou-
sand enumerators and an aggregate pay of
860,000 a day. It is to limit this that this
amendment is offered, that it may not run one
hour longer than is necessary for the proper
working of the bill.
Now, the bill provides that this census shall
be taken in one month, during the month of
June, and that twenty days before this the
schedules shall be circulated. This is all spe-
