3278
THE CONGRESSIONAL (xLOBE.
May 6r
week or two of the' debates of this body to
settle the questions satisfactorily to ourselves,'
and to try to settle them satisfactorily to the
country.
Now, Mr. President, it is almost eight weeks
before the time at which it is proposed to ad-
journ this session. If a stranger were sitting
in these galleries to-day, looking down on this
hasty legislation, he wonld come to the con-
clusion that there was some vital interest at
stake which demanded at the hands of the
legislative body all this action immediately,
or all was lost. I repudiate any such idea as
that. The honorable Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Yates] says if we cannot get ready by
the time fixed we must pass a joint resolution
to extend the time. Sir, sensible men had
better seethe end of their business before they
attempt to fix limits and to say when Congress
■hall adjourn. I deny that the fixing of the
4th day of July now will hasten, business one
moment. I deny that any Senator here will,
after we do it, say npon his own responsibility
that he will fail to atter what he deems it proper
to address to the Senate npon these important
questions that are to be submitted here in view
of the day that adjournment must take place.
Sir, it is trifling with the judgment of sensi-
ble men to pretend that such an effect will be
produced at all. Who among this body of
men is going to be choked, off from saying
what he desires and what he deems it his doty
to say upon important questions that are here
submitted because this 4th day of July stands
in our view? And then, when that is reached,
and we find ourselves unable to adjourn, there
is to be another just such an exhibition as this
oa a resolution to postpone or extend the time.
That involves two questions; first, a resolution
to postpone, and then a resolution when we
shall adjourn. This has taken three or four
days; and if that will take twice as many days,
one third of the time will be lost between this
and then on that question. I submit, Mr.
President, to this Senate, in its senatorial
character, whether it is prepared now to set
the bounds and say " Thus far and no further
shall you go this session."
. Nowysir, what is the necessity for this haste?
The honorable Senator from Maine, [Mr. Ham-
lin,] who is really the father of the Senate,
moves to postpone the important bill in charge
of bis honorable colleague, npon which the
bread and butter of the nation depend, and to
make it give way to this all-important question
of adjourning on a given day.
Mr. HAMLIN. Who is delaying action
on it?
Mr. NYE. I am delaying action, not upon
yoor motion. This is the first and only speech
1 propose to make on this subject. I feel, as
the honorable Senator from Indiana feels, that
if this thing is to be done, it is due to the world
that it should be known who does it. From
the gravity with which.the honorable Senator
from Maine put forward this motion strangers
would have got the impression that one of the
most important questions this body was ever
called upon to decide was to displace an appro-
priation bill in order to fix a day of adjourn-
ment eight weeks in advance.
W hat wilj occur in that time nobody knows.
What questions will arise no one can tell. Sir, I
sat here for eight weeks this winter, and heard
the Georgia question discussed..during that
whole time*. That-bill has gone to the other
House, as the Senate well knows, and they-are
to send us back a new bill, upon which, with-
out employing the classic language of my friend
from Michigan, [Mr. Chakdlbr,] all these
speeches will have to be made over again, with
such additions and addenda as time has sug-
gested, and as the new features of that bill
suggest. My friend from Michigan would call
it "hash." I do not know what the features
of the bill will be, but those speeches atoe as
sore to come again as that bill comes.
Why, sir, here are nine or ten Democrats in
this Chamber, who fight every inch-of that
ground, andthey would not be true to their
convictions, probably—at least they would not
be true to their actions heretofore, if they did
not fight it; and they can use up the whole of
these eight weeks in speeches upon it. The
world has got evidenoeof their power to speak
and of their powerof endurance? and yet ray
honorable friend from Maine and my honor-
able friend from Vermont., who is arrays in
favor of taking the first proposition to adjourn,
think it is better to give them the time. Why,
sir, I can see eight or nine two or three day
speeches upon the unconstitutionality of the
whole question of reconstruction, and we have
got to have it all over again from A to Z.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I wish to suggest to my
friend from Nevada that whatever tho capacity
of the Democratic members to talk may be, I
believe they have not exhibited much disposi-
tion to discuss this question; and if the hon-
orable Senator will only do aB the Democrats
do on this occasion we shall have a vote on it
in a very short time.
Mr. NYE. My friend from Delaware, when
he talks so low that he cannot be heard, always
says something interesting; but I could not
hear him. [Laughter.] But 1 know his power
to speak, and his disposition to speak on that
question.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I will repeat my
remarks in a louder tone for the benefit of my
deaf friend. [Laughter.] My remark was
this: that whatever might be the capacity of
the Democratic members of this body to talk,
they have not manifested much disposition to
talk upon this question for the. purpose of
delaying its consideration; and if my honor-
able friend will only do as we are doing on this
oecasion we can have a vote in a very few
minutes.
Mr. NYE. I understand that perfectly well.
They do not propose to discuss this question,
for they want the resolution adopted, and then
they will occupy most of the intervening time
in the discussion of the Georgia question and
similar matters. That was what I was warn-
ing the Senate against. I understand that per-
fectly well.
Now, Mr. President, I desire to say only one
thing further. I do not think the immediate
consideration of this question is of importance
enough to displace the ordinary business of
the body. I shall therefore most cheerfully
vote to postpone its consideration, in accord-
ance with the suggestion of the Senator from
Michigan, and it seems to me that no one here
should oppose that suggestion. I am willing
that this resolution shall go even to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, [laughter,] to con-
sider and report at the end of that time whether
we are in a position to adjourn, or to the Com-
mittee on the. District of Columbia, or the
Committee on Foreign Relations or Domestic
Relations—any committee that understands
the business that is to be done, and I will take
their report.
Mr. CRAGIN. My friend from Nevada,
who is chairman of the Committee on Territo-
ries, has alluded to a subject to which I have
given very much consideration during the past
two years, the question in relation to affairs in
the Territory of Utah. Although I have no
hope of changing the judgment of the majority
of this body in relation to the question of ad-
journment, I desire to say to the Senate that
if the time shall be fixed to adjourn on the
4th of July I shall have no hope whatever of
reaching the bill to which the Senator from
Nevada referred, the bill to enforce the laws
in the Territory of Utah. If I supposed that
every member of the Senate fully understood
the condition of affairs in that Territory I would
not-occupy their time for a moment npon the
question; but to my mind the condition in
affairs in that Territory is most disgraceful to
this country. The Federal officers there are
perfectly powerless; the courts are powerless.
Men are murdered almost daily, and jurors
under the dictation of Brigham Young and the
leaders of that theocracy refuse to indict and
to convict. In my judgment this subject is
one of magnitude. The Republican party in
1856 made it a part of its platform, and declaved
that it was not only the right but the duty 0f
Congress to prohibit slavery and polygamy in
the Territories of this country. Slavery lias
been not only prohibited in the Territories, lint
has been abolished in all the States ; but the
Other "twin relic of barbarism" exists, and
to-day defies and insults the Government of
the United States. I had hoped that we should
be able to reach that bill and consider it dur-
ing this session, but my hopes will be very
faint if we agree to adjourn on the 4th of July.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Yesterday we
wasted a considerable share of the first part of
the session in discussing what we were to do,
and then we wasted an hour at the close of the
session as to what we were to do. To-day one
half of the session is already gone, and we have
not yet commenced the regular business as-
signed for to-day. Now, while I am very much
opposed to the adoption of the resolution of the
House at the present moment, believing it
would be better to wait a week or two and see
what is the progress of business before it shall
be adopted, yet it being apparent that a large
majority of the Senate are in favor of acting
upon the resolution, I hope Senators will not
further consume time in trying to avoid meet-
ing the question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Michigan,
to postpone the further consideration of this
resolution until the 20th of May at one o'clock.
Mr. CHANDLER. That is two weeks from
to-day.
. The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 26, noes 20.
Mr. EDMUNDS called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered ; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 25 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckingham, Chandler, Cole, Cra-
gin. Harlan, Howard, Kellogg. Lewis, Mo Donald,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton,
Nye, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sawyer, Schurz. Sherman,
Spencer, Sprague, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Trum-
bull, Wilson, and Yates—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Cam-
eron, Carpenter, Conkling, Corbett, Edmunds, Fen-
ton, Ferry, Fowler, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin,
Harris. Howell, Johnston. McCreecy, Robertson,
Saulsbory, Scott, Stockton,Tipton, Viokere, VVilley,
and Williams—25. .
ABSENT — Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Browntow,
Casserly, Cattell, Davis, Drake, Flanagan, Gilbert,
Hamilton of Texas, Howe, Norton, Osborn, Patter-
son, Pool, Pratt, Bevels, Bice, Ross, Thurman, and
Warner—21.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution is.
postponed until Friday, the 20th of May. The
Chair inadvertently added " at one o'clock
but as this resolution will go on the Calendar
of resolutions, it may be reached before one
o'clock, at the conclusion of the morning busi-
ness of that day. It is postponed until Friday,
the 20th of May, without any hour being fixed,
and will be reached when the Calendar of res-
olutions shall be reached on that day. The
Senate now resumes the consideration of the
bill making appropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Gov-
ernment.
REDUCTION OF TAXES.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I wish to state
that as I shall be compelled to be absent for
some time after Tuesday,next, I shall be com-
pelled to ask the indulgence of the Senate on
Monday morning for a time sufficient to make
some remarks in relation to the bill (S. No.
890) reported by the Committee on Finance
yesterday to reduce taxation, and on the tariff.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont gives notice to the Senate that he
will ask the Senate on Monday next to be per-
mitted to make some remarks on the bill re-
ported by the Committee on Finance yesterday.
PKK8IDENTIAL APPROVALS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Poiitbr, his Secretary,
announced that the President had this day
