mo.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
371
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Receipts and Expenditures—Mr. Sherman.
Senate.
done what we agreed to do for them; but I
must present these facts and sober statistics
to the Senate, so that if they pass that bill they
may know precisely what they are doing.
I state these facts to show the difficulty of
accurately estimating our future expenditures.
An English statesman felt himself called upon
to apologize at great length for a discrepancy
of £500,000 between his estimates and the
actual expenditures, but under our system it
would require more than human sagacity to
guess within $5,000,000 of our expenditures
for the next year. We can only take the hopeful
estimate of the Secretary of the Treasury of
$291,000,000, and try and keep the appropria-
tions within that limit. To this amount we must
add the amount required for the sinking fund
under the act of February 25, 1862, of one per
cent, of the entire debt, or $24,000,000, making
the sum to be provided for $315,000,000.
I omit from the view I present of our finan-
cial condition the surplus gold on hand, which,
according to the statement submitted to us, on
the 1st of May amounted to $115,525,213; but
that is subject to a deduction of $33,840,400 of
gold belouging to private parties, leaving of
goldbelonging to the Government $81,084,813.
This gold was collected under the act appro-
priating and setting apart the gold revenues
lor the interest and principal of the public debt.
It might now be safely used for funding the
debt. But I avoid all discussion of the funding
bill and all measures that look to the reduc-
tion of the x-ate of interest. These subjects
we have elaborately discussed in the Senate,
and although the action of the House is long
delayed 1 hope we will yet agree upon some
measure that will enable the Secretary of the
Treasury to reduce this burden of interest. I
look to the gold held by the Treasury as the
basis of any funding system that can be pro-
posed, because the Government when it engages
in the operation of funding must be very strong
indeed.
Then it is also necessary to provide for the
three per cent, certificates, which, under the
currency bill as it passed the Senate, must be
retired. They can be provided for out of this
accumulated gold and the surplus revenue that
will accrue before the measures I propose to
indicate shall operate. This gold will form
also the basis of a resumption of specie pay-
ments. Therefore, we cannot count as an ele-
ment of revenue or a source of revenue the
amount of money wc have on hand. That
money is specifically pledged for other purposes
and can only be used either in the retirement
of the three per cent, certificates, or in the
retirement of greenbacks, or in the payment
of a certain portion of the bonded debt of the
United States. The only resources we have
for the large sum that is necessary to be ap-
propriated this year, estimated by me at the
lowest calculation at $315,000,000, are the
taxes collected in various forms from the peo-
ple of the United States.
And here when we approach this question I
am glad to say that we are able to estimate
with a great deal more accuracy. It is much
easier to estimate the result of taxation than
it is the process of expenditure. There are
four different heads of receipts under our Gov-
ernment. The first and least of all is the pub-
lic lands, which yield, say, $5,000,000—more
than formerly. I beg leave to differ from
my colleague, [Air. Thurman-,] who made a
very able speech some weeks ago to show that
the grants of public lands to railroads tended
to impair the money revenue of the Govern-
ment from the proceeds of the public
lands. The facts, if they be examined into,
will show directly the reverse. Whenever we
grant land to a railroad we raise the price of
the reserved sections, and those reserved sec-
tions are at once brought into market, so that
we sell the same amount of land at double the
price; and the reserved sections, instead of
being settled under the homestead act or under
the preemption laws, are in many cases sold
for money. The result is that last year we
received from the proceeds of the public lands
in money $5,000,000; and that has been the
operation of all the grants of lands for rail-
roads. I do not now mean to go into the gen-
eral subject of the disposition of the public
lauds ; I merely speak of it as a point of rev-
enue. It is most probable, therefore, that we
may rely upon the same amount from public
lands next year, and that is the amount esti-
mated by the Treasury Department.
There are miscellaneous sources of revenue
to the amount of $28,000,000. These are in
every sense of the word miscellaneous. The
principal items are, the premium on the sales
of coin ; the fees from United States consuls,
(the consular system now being self-sustaining,)
storage, rent, labor, and drayage, under the
administration of the customs laws; fines and
penalties for violation of the customs laws ;
the fees on letters-patent, which were$G50,000,
or more than the expenses ofthe Patent Office;
the taxes levied on the circulation and deposits
of national banks, say $6,000,000, that is not
collected through the internal revenue office,
but directly by the Treasurer of the United
States; the homestead fees, which yielded
us $300,000, going far toward defraying the
expenses of surveying the public lands, and
perhaps do pay the whole expense; steamboat
fees under the steamboat law, which yield us
$200,000; and various unenumerated sources,
$3,300,000; maki ng an aggregate of $28,000,000
from miscellaneous sources.
It is probable that one item in this account
is overestimated. The amount of $10,000,000
is estimated as the premium on the sales of
gold, and it is larger than we shall probably
receive next year. This estimate was made in
October last, when gold was bearing a much
higher premium than to-day. I think, there-
fore, there will be a reduction in that item on
account of the fall in the premium on gold;
but it will be amply made up by other sources,
so that we may rely at least upon $28,000,000
from these various incidental sources of rev-
enue. We then have the customs duties and
the internal revenue. The customs duties are
estimated for the next fiscal year at $185,000,-
000; and I think this is an underestimate rather
than an overestimate. The actual receipts of
the last three quarters of the present fiscal year
are $140,639,000. Estimating an equal amount
for the accruing quarter, the amount of cus-
toms duties this year will be about one hundred
and eighty-six million dollars. Next year they
will probably be equally as great; but the Sec-
retary estimates them at $185,000,000.
The internal revenue, if maintained at its
present position and without any diminution
or change, will yield not less than $175,000,000.
The actual receipts during the last calendar
year were something over $174,000,000. The
receipts have been gradually increasing since
this Administration came into power, and now,
instead of $157,000,000 or $158,000,000 an-
nually, they are $174,000,000 or $175,000,000;
and next year, if the law should remain un-
changed, they will be over the amount esti-
mated, $175,000,000. This makes an aggre-
gate of $393,000,000. Deduct the amount
estimated by the Secretary of the Treasury
for expenditures, and it leaves a surplus of
$78,000,000 upon the basis of existing law.
Now, the question arises what shall be done
with this surplus? Is it better to repeal and
diminish the taxes, or to maintain them at
their present position with a view to the reduc-
tion of the public debt? Upon that I believe
there is a unanimity of sentiment in this coun-
try, in which I most heartily concur. I can
see no object in maintaining our revenue at its
present position, no object in a more rapid
payment of the public debt than is provided
for in the sinking fund of February, 1862, or
the funding bill, as we sent it to the other House,
which will pay off the whole debt in twenty-
five or thirty years. I see no object in accumu-
lating surplus funds, because they are always
a temptation to extravagant expenditures, and
many of the items which will be put on this
appropriation bill will be put there because we
have a surplus revenue.
A surplus revenue could only be used for
the more rapid reduction of the public debt.
It might strengthen the power of the Secretary
of the Treasury to reduce the interest of the
debt. These are objects of high public import-
ance, but in my opinion it is now more import-
ant to relieve our people from burdensome
taxation. The money is more valuable to the
taxpayers in the multiplied business of a new
and vast country like ours than it is to the
national Government. The large surplus now
on hand, together with the fixed provision for
the reduction of the debt contained in the fund-
ing bill, will enable us to reduce the rate of
interest and gradually to pay the principal
without continuing the drain of taxation upon
our people. We point with pride to the vast
sums they have freely and voluntarily paid,
levied by themselves during and since the war.
They have borne, not only with patience, but
with patriotic alacrity, a burden of taxation
without example in history. The object of this
taxation has been attained, and even the dis-
turbing waves of civil war have almost sub-
sided, and friend and foe, master and slave,
are industriously adding to the national re-
sources and contributing to the national taxes.
Under these circumstances we ought to limit
our demands upon them to the smallest sum
consistent with the national credit and the
proper maintenance of the different depart-
ments of the national Government.
Assuming, then, that our surplus revenue is
to be disposed of by a reduction of taxes, we
are enabled, for the sixth time since the close
of the war, to perform this pleasing duty. We
have already reduced taxes as follows:
By the act of July IB, 1866.. £65,000,000
By the act of March 2,1867    40,000,000
By tho act of February o, 1863   23,000,000
1J ftS Sft 0ifuYylofikl!8' }  «.<XX>.00°
Making atotal of. $173,000,000
The real question is, what taxes ought to be
repealed which among them bear most upon
the industry of our people? We have two sys-
tems of taxation, entirely distinct in their origin,
in the laws governing them, and in the officers
administering them. Our internal revenue sys-
tem is the product of the war. It was impro-
vised to meet a sudden exigency. The taxes
imposed under it are immediately felt. They
are direct. They fall upon our own industry.
Our customs duties, though largely increased
during and since the war, have been in force
since the formation of the Government. They
are levied mainly at five large cities. They
are indirect. They are mainly upon articles of
luxury or consumption, so well distributed
that the taxes fall fairly and in just proportion
to ability to pay. To the extent that they are
levied upon articles similar to ourown produc-
tions the taxes foster and protect home indus-
try. Though we may differ very much about
mere theories, yet it is likely under any ad-
ministration that the chief burden of taxation
will rest upon imported goods. These now
yield us $185,000,000 in gold, and this revenue
is not likely to diminish. The question is
whether it is not better to retain this revenue,
retain this system of customs duties, and for
the present confine our reduction of taxes to
the new and direct laws of internal taxation.
If we examine the details of our customs
duties it will be found that they are as well
