1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5167
pot it before tlie Senate by itself, or upon some
other measure which is not so vital to the inter-
ests of this country as that of which the Sen-
ator from New York has charge, I shall be pre-
pared to go with him, perhaps to the full extent
that he would go, and make his measure a law.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from New York moves that the Senate
now take a recess until half past seven o'clock.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes 31, noes 10; and (at fifteen min-
utes past five o'clock) the Senate took a recess
until half past seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
LOUISIANA PROVISIONAL COURT.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is a, joint resolu-
tion, No. 196 of the House, that was reported
by the Judiciary Committee l'or the relief of
J. Edwards Clarke. I think there will be no
opposition to it, aud I ask the Senate to vote
upon it.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, resumed the considera-
tion of the joint resolution (li. R. No. l'JO) for
the relief of J. Edwards Clarke, and the lieiis
and legal representatives of John T. Peabody,
deceased.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the amendments
of the Committee on the Judiciary were agreed
to before.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments weie concurred in.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed
and the joint resolution to he read the third
time. The joint resolution was read the third
time, and passed.
POTOMAC W.VTU11.
Mr. HAMLIN. There is a bill on the Cal-
endar which I think will receivethe action of
the Senate in five minutes, relating to the
water-works of this city, adding a new main.
There being no objection, the bill (S.. No.
1018) authorizing the establishment ot water-
meters for the Potomac water, the laying of an
additional water-main from the distributing
reservoir of the Washington aqueduct, and
for other purposes, was read the second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
In order to prevent unnecessary waste of Poto-
mac water, and in order to more fully enforce
the laws of the corporation of Washington and
Georgetown in re.lation to the distribution of
the same, the engineer officer in charge of the
Washington aqueduct is authorized aud em-
powered, after giving notice, to shut off the
water when such notice shall be disregarded
from any places where a waste of water is
occurring. The use of Potomac water for me-
chanical and manufacturing purposes, or lor
private fountains, street and pavement washers,
is to be allowed only when in the opinion of the
engineer it will not bo detrimental to tlic
general distribution of water in the two cities.
The supply of water to all manufacturing es-
tablishments, hotels, livery stables, and other
places requiring a large quantity, is to be de-
termined by meters erected aud maintained
at the expense of the consumer ; and the cor-
porations of Washington and Georgetown are
to charge and collect for the quantity so determ-
ined a price not exceeding three cents per
hundred gallons. The engineer officer shall
cause to be furnished, and laid lioni the distrib-
uting reservoir of the Washington aqueduct to
Capitol Hill, in the city of Washington, along
such route as he shall determine, an iron main
of thirty-six inches in diameter, connected with
the present mains, at such points as he shall
direct, and the entire cost thereof is to be borne
proportionately by the corporations of Wash-
ington and Geoigetown ; and in order to provide
for such cost, the corporations are empowered
to increase the present water rates ami water
taxes to such an amount as may by them be
deemed necessary. For the purpose of en-
abling these corporations to carry out the pro-
visions of the act they may borrow, in such
proportions as they may deem necessary, a
sum of money not exceeding $250,000 for the
city of Washington, and $-50,000 for the city
of Georgetown, redeemable within a period
of ten years, out of any revenue to be derived
from water rents.
Mr. HAMLIN. I want to change the pro-
portion between Georgetown and this city;
reduce it $10,000 in Georgetown and add
$10,000 to Washington. It is now $50,000 in
Georgetown and $250,000 in this city; it should
be $540,000 in Georgetown and $200,000 for
this city. That should be the proportion. I
move that amendment.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. That amend-
ment will be considered as agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will my friend explain
to us what he means by this water rate or water
tax paying this whole expense? I infer from
the bill that it is only those lots of land against
which water pipes may be laid. If so, that is
wrong, because the proprietor of a lot of land
on Pennsylvania avenue wotth $50,000 would
pay no more for the general benefit to the city
that this great main will produce than a man,
who owns a lot of land up Sixth street of the
same front; so that method of taxation for one
of those great, mains would not be a just one.
I should like my friend to explain precisely
what is meant by the term "water tax" or
"water rate," and furnishing the means for
this work.
Mr. HAMLIN. I understand this to be the
fact. There is now one principal main running
through this city, the diameter of which I am
not now able to state, and from that there are
distributing mains into various streets.
Mr. NYE. It is not sufficient.
Mr. HAMLIN. That is evident. The ex-
pense of keeping that up, and a portion of the
expense of laying is borne by the consumers
of the water; and the law now is that, there
shall be no more tax placed on that water than
just enough to pay the expense of keeping the
works in order. This is for an additional main
which will stiike Capitol Hill, supplying a dif-
ferent portion of the city. Upon the use of
the water, which parties will get from that
main, an additional per cent, will be placed
to pay the interest upon this fund ; but it will
be very slight. That is precisely as I under-
stand it, from the explanation before the com-
mittee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If that is the case, iu
my opinion it is wrong. The water mains are
now distributed in the northern part of this
city, and the, people pay rates notaccording to
the amount of water they get, but, according
to the amount of frontage they have; and
they therefore pay for water they do not get,
which citizens in the lower part of the city and
the manufacturers do get. On account ol'that
waste of water and the necessity of further
service it is proposed to build another main,
and to make the people who are now paying
as much water tax as any body else pay the
whole of it.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not so understand it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is as my friend has
just, stated, as I understand.
Mr. HAMLIN. No.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That this line of country
which is to be aided is to pay the expense.
Mr. HAMLIN. The water rale is t,o be
coualizcd on all the mains of the city.
'Mr. EDMUNDS. Now I shotddlike to ask
my fiiond whether the true principle oflaying
down a water main for the benefit of these two
cities is not to tax the properly of the cities
according to its value to pay for it? Is it not
a public benefit that ought, to be paid for in
that way?
Mr. HAMLIN. I think, so far as my knowl-
edge extends, that the water in all the cities is
kept asaseparatework,and there is a water fund
in all cases which is-raised by tax for fnrnish-
ingthe supply. It is kept exclusively as a dis-
tinct thing. I think that is so in all the cities
of the country, and this keeps it so here.
"Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. The
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.,
CONTIiS'GISNT EXPENSES COMMITTEE.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask the Senate to pass
an order as a matter of necessary convenience
in the transaction of business in vacation.
Under existing law the Committee on Contin-
gent Expenses, or its chairman rather—and
there cannot be a chairman without a commit-
tee—has to direct in writing the necessary
repairs, wliioh are charges against the con-
tingent fund, and the fixing of furniture and
getiingof new furniture, &c. Unless the com-
mittee are authorized to continue during vaca-
tion, as our committees fall with the session,
it is impossible for that committee to do any-
thing about preparing for next winter. I there-
fore move that the Committee on Contingent
Expenses be continued during the recess. The
purpose is what I have stated.
The motion was agreed to.
OtlDliR, OF BUSINESS.
Mr. CONKLING, Mr. NYE, and others,
addressed the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from New York.
Mr. CONKLING. I rise to ask that the
regular order be proceeded with, and to express
the hope that we may vote now without debate ;
but I will say to the Senator from Nevada that
I am not going t,o oppose his purpose, which I
knovv.
Mr. NYE. I want to pass a little bill, Sen-
ate bill No. 538, to which there is. no opposi-
tion in the world.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to have action on a
House bill which it is important should be acted
on. It was recommended by the President in
his annual message. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House joint
resolution No. 28(>.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from New York yieid the floor?
Mr. CONKLING. What is the title of the
joint resolution ?
Mr. SUMNER. Joint resolution (H. II.
No. 28G) making an appropriation to pay the
Government of Great Britain and Ireland in
accordance with the award of the commis-
sioners appointed under the treaty of July 1,
1803, to settle the claims of the Hudson Bay
Company and the Puget Sound Agricultural
Company.
Mr. NYE. That can wait.
Mr. SUMNER. Excu?e me. The money
is to be paid before the 10th of September,
aud the President iu his annual message says :
" Ilie commission tor adjusting the claims of the
Hudson Buy and Sound Agiicultural Com-
pany upon the United States Iras terminated its
labors. An award of SjOoU.UOO has boon made, and all
rights aud titles ot'the company on tho territory ot
the United States have beon extinguished. Deeds
to the property of the company have been delivered
and an appropriation by Congress to meet this sum
L: a-. ked,'-'
Mr. NYE. I move this as an amendment
to the motion, to strike out the title and insert
the title of Senate bill No. 533.
Mr. STEWART. I object to the consider-
ation of any British claim to-night.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The natu-
ralization bill is the ordei.and these proceed-
ings have been going on by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. CONKLING. Let us have the regular
order.
Mr. SUMNEU. I object to theregnlarorder.
Mr. NYE. There is no objection to Senate
bill No. 533.
