1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8279
approved and signed the foHowing bill and
joint resolution: .
A bill (S. No. 744) to authoriie the Burling-
ton and Missouri River Railroad Company, or
its assigns, to change the established line of said
road in the State ot' Nebraska; and
A joint resolution (S. II. No. 165) extending
the time for the completion of the first section
of tweuty miles of the Cairo and Fulton rail-
road.
papers withdrawn and rekrrkd.
Ou motion of Mr. CORBETT, it was
Orrterrd, That the papers in tho case of J. and C. '
m Daily, relating to a claim against the Sisaeton
 nd Wahpeton Indians, be taken from the flies of
the Senate and referred to the Committee on Indian
Affair*.
lkgblativk, etc., appropriation bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (EL R. No. 974)
making appropriations for the legislative, exec-
stive, and judicial expenses of the Government
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1871.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendments
reported by the Committee on Appropriations
will be acted a poo as the reading of the bill
progresses, unless otherwise ordered by the
Senate, after which the bill will be open to
amendment by any Senator. j
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill. i
The first amendment of the Committee on i
Appropriations was in line eleven, to reduce !
the appropriation " for compensation and mile-
age of Senators" from $425,000 to $420,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the clause ap-
propriating " for compensation of the officers,
clerks, messengers, and others receiving an
annual salary in the service of the Senate," to
insert after "principal clerk," in line seven-
teen, "financial clerk;" and in line twenty to
strike out "eight" and insert "sevenso as
to read " seven clerks in office of the Secretary
of the Senate."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the same clanse
to strike out in line thirty-seven "$1,800"
and insert "$2,160" as the compensation of
die superintendent of the folding-room.
The amendment was agreed to. -
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to an amendment which has been just
acted upon. I wish to make the same increase
in the salary of the clerk of the stationery
room, I think he is called.
The keeper of
The VICE PRESIDENT.
the stationery.
Ur. SHERMAN. Yes, sir. I should like
him to have the same increase. I submit .the
mailer to the Senator from Maine. I wish to
amend the amendment by adding that officer,
so that he shall receive the same additional
increase of salary.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. . If the Senator
pleases, I should like first to have the amend-
ments proposed by the committee considered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I was going to offer an
amendment to one of the committee's amend-
ments, bat if the chairman prefers that it should
be offered hereafter I will not press it now.
Air. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
will oblige me by allowing the amendments of
the committee to be first acted upon.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well; I will offer
the amendment at another stage.
The next amendment was in the same clause
after " dollars," in line fifty-one, to insert
laborer in charge of private passage, $864;
one laborer in stationery room, $864; one spe-
cial policeman, $1,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Hienext amendment was, in the same clanse
after the word "dollars," in line fifty-five, to
insert "chief engineer, $1,800; two assistant I
engineers at $1,440 each; two firemen at $1,095
*ach; three laborers at $730 each."
Mr. POMEROY. 1 remarked to the Sen-
•to the other day that I had noticed that the
ventilation of the Senate Chamber had been
very much improved; that I did not knowwho
had improved it, but I knew by remaining
here all winter that we never had this Cham-
ber in anything like as good condition as it has
been this year, so far as purity of air, moist-
ness of the atmosphere, and ventilation are
concerned. Since I made those remarks I
have had my attention drawn to the man who
did it and to the means he ased; and I find
that it has been done by this officer, the chief
engineer. He did the most of it, and con-
trived it without incurring any expense partic-
ularly on the Government. He borrowed some-
thing, to be sure, from the Navy Department,
and he has putin the apparatus.
Now, the committee have recommended to
make the salary of the superintendent of the
folding-room $2,160. That may be all right;
but if that officer shonld have that salary, why
should not the ehief engineer, who has done all
this work and who has superintended it and con-
trived it, and at such little cost to tie Govern-
ment, have as much? We appropriated $3,000
the other day to make an experiment in vent-
ilation ; and yet this whole improvement has
been done for less than that, and without any
experiment, by this officer. I suggest to the
Senator who has charge of this bill, if he doea
not want it amended at this stage, that I shall
move hereafter, and I trust with bis concur-
rence and assent, that this chief engineer have
the same compensation as the superintendent
of the folding-room, which is $2,160. I should
like to have that amendment concurred in now
by unanimous consent, because what I allude
to is apparent to every Senator who has been
here any length of time. I think the Senator
from Maine will not object to it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What is the
proposition ?
Mr. POMEROY. The amendment which
I want to move is, that the chief engineer shall
have the same salary as the superintendent of
the folding-room, $2,160.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
will understand that that is not within the rule.
It is not in order now.
Mr. POMEROY. I know all about the rule;
but I said there was snch a manifest improve-
ment here in the ventilation that I believed
the Senate would unanimously agree to this
amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that the amendment on which the Sen-
ate are acting is an amendment reported by
the Committee on Appropriations, and it is
subject to further amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
from Kansas now moves to amend that amend-
ment by increasing the appropriation.
Mr. POMEROY. I have a right to do so
under the rule.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Under the rule
the Senator has that right, for the reason that
the amount as proposed by the committee, if
agreed to and placed in the bill, is fixed, and
it cannot be changed except by unanimous
consent.
Mr. POMEROY. There is no difficulty
about the rule. The only difficulty is in getting
a vote upon the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. All the amend-
ments of the Committee on Appropriations are
amendable under the rule ; but under the usage
of the Senate the amendments of the commit-
tee are first to be disposed of before new prop-
ositions can be offered by other Senators.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Do I under-
stand that the .amendments of the Committee
on Appropriations maybe amended on motion
so as to increase the appropriation ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Unquestionably.
Sir. POMEROY. If it is not a new amend-
ment it can be.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is a new
amendment reported by the committee, and
the Senate has the power to reduce the amount
named in the amendment or to increase it.
Mr. POMEROY. I trust the Senator does
not suppose that we have not the power to
increase or diminish the amount named in his
amendments to the bill. That isalways within
our rule.
Mr. CRAGIN. You cannot increase it.
Mr. POMEROY. You cannot move a new
amendment increasing an appropriation, but
you can amend an amendment of the com-
mittee, either increasing or diminishing the
amount.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to add a word or
two in corroboration of what the Senator from
Kansas has said. I think there ought to be
some additional compensation for whoever
ventilates this Hall. There is an awfal wind
around here sometimes. [Laughter.] I do
not know where the current cumes from, but
I know precisely where it hits me. I do not
know the rules by which it is directed, but I
know that it always strikes me directly in the
back of my head, [laughter,] and it literally
drove me from my seat yesterday to my room
with a sick headache. If that kind of veuti-
lation does not require additional compensa-
tion, then I confess " raising the wind " does
not require additional pay. [Laughter.] Sir,
it is a humbug from beginning to end. The
ventilation may be a little better: but humbug
requires to be paid for as well as anything
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Maine
is so unfortunate as to sit in the draft when the
door behind him is thrown open.
Mr. HAMLIN. No, sir; 1 cannot tell where
it comes from.
Mr. POMEROY. I can.
Mr. HAMLIN. But it comes when the door
is as close as a door can be: and I think my
friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] will
corroborate my statement. Whither it cometh
and where it goeth no man knows. It is like
the flowing of the wind. I have not quoted
the scripture exactly; but that is the idea. I
think this compensation ought to be increased
evidently.
Mr. POMEROY. There is no mystery about
this; there is no guessing about where wind
comes from in this body. [Laughter.] If the
Senator will examine the drawings and the
structure of this Chamber he will see that the
present system of ventilation is according to
the most approved rules and plans.
: Mr. HAMLIN. It bits me to a t. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator may sit near
a door; but that has nothing to do with the
ventilation of the room. I can place myself
in a draft from any. of these doors for the time
being and feel very uncomfortable; but that is
not this question at all. Senators who have
been here from six to ten or twelve years know
that there has been a great change in the atmos-
phere of this room. It is now moist and com-
fortable. In other years we have sat here for
months when it has been dry and detestable,
so that Senators in perfect health, like myself,
who never com plain of any sickness, have been
made to snffer from the bad atmosphere here.
If the Senator has got too much wind I am glad
of it. It is much more healthy to have too
much than not to have enough. The only
inconvenience which the Senator and myself
have experienced in that direction is being in
the draft of the door of the cloak-room and
Senators being in there smoking. That has
been the only trouble.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator make the motion to amend, or reserve it
until after the amendments of the committee
shall have been conoluded?
Mr. POMEROY. 1 would rather make it
now.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should very
much prefer it if Senators would allow the com-
mittee to go through with their amendments,
and then they can offer such amendments as
they choose.
Mr. POMEROY. Does the Senator object
