1392
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
MatyUnd when it wm inherited by the District
from Maryland, Maryland haa now chauged
her law, and if there be aa excess beyond six
per cent, received the excess only is forfeited.
That is this bill. It pats the law of the District
precisely upon the same ground with what is
now the law of Maryland.
Now, in behalf of the committee, I propose
to amend the bill by adding two other sections,
which shall authorize parties by contract in
writing to stipulate for a rate of interest not
exceeding eight per cent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be read.
The amendment was read, being to add the
following additional sections:
And bt it furtker tnacted. That in all contracts
hereafter to be made in the District of Columbia,
where stipulated in writing, it shall be lawful for the
parties to agree that eight per cent, per annum, or
any less rate of interest, shall be taken and paid
upon every UU) of money lent, or due and owing,
from any person or corporation to any other person
or corporation.
And be t< furtktr «nactrd. That if any person or
corporation in the District of Columbia shall con-
tract to receive a urreater rate of interest than eight
per cent, per annum upon any oontraot made as
aforesaid such person or corporation shall forfeit
the whole of said interest so contracted to be paid
and received, but shall only be entitled to receive
the principal sum due to such a person or corporation.
Mr. HAMLIN. These two sections author-
ize a contract in writing to be made by which
any rate of interest may be stipulated not ex-
ceeding eight per cent., and if there is any
enm beyond that, that sum beyond is forfeited.
Virginia, lying alongside this District, has
now a regular rate of six per cent., with a right
to stipulate in writing to a rate that shall be
twelve percent. Now, if upon one side of this
city the rate of interest by stipulation may be
increased to that amount beyond six per cent.,
it hasi the positive effect of drawing from this
District for investment the capital that would
probably find an investment here at eight per
cent., and serve rather to increase the rate of ;
interest here from that fact. For that reason
your committee have reported these two addi-
tional sections.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I hope this
amendment will not be adopted. If it is, the
greater portion of the money lent in this Dis-
trict will be lent at eight per cent, interest. I
believe the whole legislation of the country
recently adopted of this character has been in
favor of capital. The attempt was made in my
State more than twenty years ago to bring
about a change like this. It was defeated year
after year. I did what I could to defeat it, bat
the taw was finally changed, and I venture to
say that the result has been that the rate of
interest has been increased at least one per
cent on an average in that State. The efllect
of this sort of legislation has been to favor
capital, and this whole movement is in that
direction, and for one I am opposed to it. I
think we ought to pass a bill that no bank estab-
lished nnder the national banking system in
any portion of this country shall be permitted
to charge more at any rate than seven per cent,
or seven and three tenths per cent, interest.
I think they can make money enough at that.
I see plainly that the adoption of this amend-
ment is to be in favor of money-lenders, in
favor of capital against the business interests
of the District ana the country. I am opposed
to it. If a change be made in the existing law
here, I hope it will be provided that the rate
of interest shall not exceed seven per cent.:
and I move to insert "seven" in place or
"eight." I shall vote for that amendment,
and then I think I shall vote against the whole
proposition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts moves to amend the amend-
ment by striking ont "eight" and inserting
"seven1' as the rate per cent.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Maine, to add the additional sections which
have been reported by the Secretary.
Mr. FOWLER. As I understand the bill
now there are two rates in the District.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
I is not yet agreed to. The amendment is pend-
ing.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FOWLER. The bill now provides for
two rates of interest in this District. I am
1 opposed to any fixed rate of interest by law.
I do not see why the Government of the United
States or of any State should attempt to fix the
rate of interest any more than the price of a
horse or any other species of property or mer-
chandise. But Burely, without regard to that,
I do not think it would be good policy in this
District to allow two rates of interest. Itseems
to me the bill had better be made uniform and
provide for a single rate of interest. If any
rate is to be fixed by law, let it be one rate.
Perhaps the rate ofinterest adopted in Virginia
might be better than any other. As the bill
stands I do not see any argument in favor of
the last section, because if the rate of interest
adopted in Virginia tends to abstract money
from this District, I do not think this amend-
ment will obviate it.
Mr. HAMLIN. I propose to amend the
first section of the bill to make it harmonious
by adding after the word "time," in line nine,
the words " except as hereinafter provided."
That section fixes the rate of six per cent.
Then the two sections which have been added
allow the rate to be made eight per cent, by
special contract: and " except as hereinafter
provided" wonld apply to the provisions of
those two sections.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to make a sugges-
tion in reference to the sections which were
adopted as amendments on the motion of the
8enator from Maine. I was engaged at the
moment and did not pay attention. If I under-
stood the chairman, the only forfeiture for
taking more than eight per cent, is the forfeit-
ure of the interest over eight per cent.
Mr. HAMLIN. That u so.
Mr. THURMAN. Would it be in order to
amend that section?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not now. The
Chair will state to the Senator from Ohio that
there is an amendment now offered to the first
section, a verbal amendment, to insert the
words "except as hereinafter provided."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. My colleague is mistaken,
or I am.
Mr. THURMAN. The chairman of the
District Committee answers my question, if
my colleague will pay attention, that the only
forfeiture is the excess of interest over eight
per cent., allowing a party to stipulate for any
rate, twenty per cent, for instance, and to get
his eight per cent., and only forfeit the excess
over eight per cent.
Mr. HAMLIN. That is the proposition.
Mr. THURMAN. Then I move to amend
that by saying that he shall forfeit the entire
interest reserved on snch loan.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that the two sections referred to are not
amendable until the bill is reported to the
Senate, as those two sections have already
been put in.
Mr. THURMAN, Then I will draw up my
amendment, to be ready to offer it when the
bill shall be reported to the Senate.
The bill was reported to tho Senate as
amended.
Mr. HAMLIN. I agree to the amendment
of the Senator from Ohio. I will interpose no
objection. Let the whole interest be forfeited.
Mr. THURMAN. Verv welL
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on concurring in the amendments made as
in Committee of the Whole. The Senator from
Ohio moves to amend the sections by forfeit-
ing the whole amount of interest; and the bill
will be amended accordingly, if no objection
be made. The Chair hears no objection.
The amendments, as amended, were con-
curred in.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I inquire of the chair-
man of the committee whether he understands
this bill to regulate the rate of interest on
moneys due except by virtue of a loan. Sup-
pose an account is balanced, and remains
unpaid, does this bill provide what the interest
shall be on that unpaid balance, or does it
relate exclusively to loans ?
Mr. HAMLIN. To loans.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think the phraseology
is a little doubtful on that point; but if that is
the construction of the bill I shall make no
objection.
I'he bill was ordered to bo engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
message from tubs house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. 11.
No. 782) making appropriations for the sup-
port of the Military Academy for the fiscal
year ending June 80, 1871.
enrolled bills signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills ; and they were thereupon
signed by the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 782) making appropria-
tions for the support of the Military Academy
for the fiscal year ending Jane 30, 1871 ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1096) to admit the State
of Mississippi to representation in the Con-
gress of the United States.
washington international exhibition.
Mr. HAMLIN. The next bill on the Calen-
dar is one to encourage andjjromote the Inter-
national Industrial Exhibition, which I move
be taken np.
"black bob" indians.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhbksox, its Clerk, announced
that the House requested the Senate to trans-
mit to the House ot Representatives the papers
relating to the "Black Bob" Indian lands, in
the State of Kansas, communicated to the Sen-
ate by the Secretary of the Interior.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The House of
Representatives ask that certain papers be sent
to them. Is there objection?
■ Mr. POMEROY. I desire to know whether
it is in order for the House of Representatives
to call for papers in the possession of the Sen-
ate before we have acted on them ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is in order for
the House to ask the Senate to transmit these
papers, and in order for the Senate to decline
to do so if thej see fit. The Chair, however,
will not submit the message of the House of
Representatives at this time if it leads to de-
bate or interrupts proceedings.
Mr. POMERO i. It may be all right; but
I do not know anything about it. I wish to
look into it.
washington international exhibition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Maine, [Mr.
Hakun.]
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 291) to en-
courage and promote the International Indus-
trial Exhibition to be held in Washington city
in the year 1871.
Mr. HAMLIN. The first question, I believe,
is on agreeing to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Vermont.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] offered several
amendments when the bill was last nnder con-
