8280
OTT OONGitESSIOHlA.L GLOBE.
May 6,
to my amendment? I thought it would be
accepted unanimously.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If Senators fuel
at liberty to amend Ibis bill by changing the
service and the compensation for the service
here th«y enter at once upon a very large sub-
ject, because while the Senator from Kansas
may favor this particular amendment, he will
find other Senators who will want to provide
for other officers in the service.
Mr. POMEROY. If it comes to that I shall
have to ask why the salaries of certain other
employes htive been raised. The committee
have done that, and I do not object to it. -
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. In what in-
stance?
Mr. POMEROY. One I see before me, f
the salary of the superintendent of the folding-
room.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That 13 not
raised. _ „ ^ i
Mr. POMEROY. The House of Repre-
sentatives fixed that at $1,800, the same as
the salary of the chief engineer, and the com-
mittee report in favor of fixing it at $2,160—
for very good reasons, I have no doubt, and I
do not stop to inquire what they are.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senate
committee has in no single instance that I am
aware of changed the salary of any officer of
the Government.
Mr. POMEROY. You have ainended this
bill in that regard.
Mr. MORRILL, of Main*. We adhere
strictly to the principle of appropriating for
the demands of the Government as fixed by
law. After that has been done, and the bill
has been gone through with, if Senators desire
to change the service, of course they can tuove
to do so. I suggest that as the most convent
ient aud expeditious way of disposing of the
bilk '
Mr, POMEROY. I do not like to do any-
thing against the wisheB of the chairman of
the committee, and therefore, as the Senator
from Ohio withdrew his amendment, I will
withdraw mine, and give notice that I shall
renew it at the proper time.
Mr. COLE. The Senator will have to move
to pass over the pending amendment, because
we are now acting upon the subject-matter.
Mr. POMEROY. But it is subject to be
amended hereafter.
Mr, MORRILL^ of Maine.- It can be moved
at another time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Ttie amendment
can either be moved in the Senate, or else the
Senator from Kansas can reserve his right to
move to amend this clause..
Mr. POMEROY. When we come from
'Committee of the Whole to the Senate we can
concur in this amendment, with an amendment.
1 know where to move it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the right of the Senator fromKan-
eas to move to amend this clause will be
r68cfvcd
Mr. POMEROY.. I reserve that right.
Mr. SHERMAN. I give notice, so that
there may be no controversy hereafter, that I
shall move to raise the pay-of the superintend'
ent of the document-room from $1,800 up to
the pay that Is allowed the superintendent of
the folding-room. These two officers have
always gone together, and they ought not to be
separated in their salaries.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thatpartof the
bill has not been changed by amendment. It
will be open to amendment without unanimous
consent. The amendment now pending in the
fifty-fifth line will be regarded as agreed to, if
there be no objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This mode ofincreasing
the pay of these officers strikes me as very
objectionable indeed. It is not understood at
*11. Yon do it in an appropriation bill. It
seems to me theire ought to be a provision for
their regular payment. The appropriation bill
comes in, aod some oue makes a motion to
increase the pay of ft oertaln officer. That
proposition is not discussed. Does that fix the
salary for subsequent years? Does the Sen-
ator from Ohio mean that? I suppose he
does.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to the Senator
that, with regard to this particular class of
officers, that is held to be sufficient. This is j
not an appropriation of $1,800 for a particular ;
officer, but it is a large appropriation for the |
contingeiltexpenses of the Senate, or to officers j
of the Senate; and although I think it may, in
strictness, require an affirmative law to raise
a salary, yet I know the accounting officers
have always allowed these salaries to be raised
in this way—by simple act of Congress in the
appropriation bills. j
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does that make it a
permanent raising of the salary? I am not
objecting to raising this salary. I do not know 1
but that it ought to be raised. I am not
advised about it..
Mr. SHERMAN. It will have that effect.
It would not in an ordinary case where the
salary was fixed by law. Then it would require
a specific law to raise the salary, and a mere
appropriation of an increased sum would not
be sufficient. The accounting officers would
refuse to pass the account; but they have held
in regard to the officers of the House and the
officers of the Senate that an increase of the
appropriation amounts to an increase of salary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does the Senator think
it advisable to single out a single clerk in this
way and raise his salary without any investiga-
tion?
Mr. SHERMAN. I express no opinion in
favor of that; but I say that if the salary of a
certain officer is raised by the action of the Sen-
ate, that is, the superintendent of the folding-
room, the superintendent of the document-
room, who has been an officer here for twenty
years in charge of his department, and who is
a very valuable officer known to us all, cer-
tainly ought to be kept at least on a footing
with the superintendent of the folding-room.
That is rather a mechanical employment than
otherwise, while the superintendentof the docu-
ment-room, Mr. Titcomb, is an old officer of
the Senate, who has been here much longer
than I have been, and who is invaluable as an
index to public documents.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think very highly of
the officer named by the Senator from Ohio,
and have no objection to his salary being raised*
if it onght to be raised; but the principle upon
which it is proposed to be done strikes me as
very objectionable. The Senator from Ohio
nuts it upon the ground that the salary of some
other officer is raised, the superintendent of the
folding-room, I believe. .
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. On that ground be pro-
poses to raise the salary also of the superin-
tendent of the document-room. That is the
way we always get up these salaries. A salary
is proposed to be raised for some particular
officer, and then the suggestion is made that
he is no more deserving than another one, and
that other one should be pat 011 the same foot-
ing. In that way we have raised the salaries
of favorite officers. I think it a very objection-
able way of doing it. I am not going to resist
this motion of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have made no motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think well of the officer
to whom he refers.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio has made no motion to anlend. He has
only given notice of his intention to offer an
amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator, to carry
out his purpose, ought to resist the amend-
ment of the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it is objection-
able on their part to increase the salary of a
single individual in that way.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Maine
says hs has not done it. I called his attention
to that point, and he says he has not raised th#
salary of the superintendent of the folding-
room.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio did not offer an amendment. He
simply gave notice of his intention to offer
one. The Secretary will report the next
amendment of the Committee on Appropri-
ations.
The next amendment wasinthe same clause,
lines fifty-nine and sixty, to increase the total
appropriation for salaries of officers and persons
in the service of the Senate from $9'J,380 to
$111,800.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the appropria-
tions for contingent expenses of the Senate, to
strike out "and" in line sixty-five and insert
"$9,250;" and in lines sixty-six and sixty-
seven to strike out "$17,250" and insert
"$8,000;" so as to make the clause from
lines sixty-three to sixty-seven read :
For stationery and newspapers for seventy-forir
Senators, at the rate of $125 each per annum, $9,2o0;
for stationery for committees and offices, $8,000.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not precisely under-
stand that;
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That simply
makes a division) bo that in keeping the
accounts they will be kept distinct.
Mr. SUMNER. Then there should be a
stop after the word " dollars" in the sixty-fifth
line-
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Clerk will
! take care of that.
Mr. MORTON. A ooratniu
Mr. SUMNER. A semicolon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There should
be a semicolon.
■ Mr. SUMNER. That is what Confused me.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will insert that in connection with the amend-
ment in that line.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line sixty-eight,
to strike out " $20,000;" in line sixty-nine, to
strike out "for" before "fourteen;" in line
seventy, to strike out " $5,000;" in line sev-
enty-one) to strikeout "for" before "hOrBes"
and insert "and;" and in line seventy-one, to
strike out "$5,000" and .insert "$30,000;"
so as to make the clause from line sixty-eight
to line seventy-two read:
For clerks to committees; fourteen pases, at the
rate of $2 50 per day while actually employed, and
horses and carryalls, $30,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The.next amendment was, aftfer " appara-
tus," in line seventy-three, to Strike out the
words "" plumbing and gas-fitting, and for
expenses of ventilation," and to reduce the
appropriation in line seventy-four from $15,000
to $6,000; so as to make the clause from line
seventy-three to line seventy-five read, "for
fuel for the heating apparatus, $6,000."
. The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out line
seventy-six, in these words: "for new furni-
ture, $5,000."
Mr. SUMNER. Is not that needed? I
should like to have some explanation on that
point.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
will see that it is included in the next amend-
ment. The object is merely to dfmplify these
items.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line seventy-
seven, to insert before "repairs" the words
" furniture andand to increase the appro-
priation in that line from $5,000 to $10,000;
so as to read: "for furniture and repairs ot
furniture, $10,000." (
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, in the appropria-
tions for contingent expenses of the Senate, m
line eighty-three, to increase the appropriation
