1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3281
"for miscellaneous items, exclusive of labor,"
from $10,000 to $20,000.
The amendment was agreed to. ;>
The next amendment was, in the appro-
priations for the Capitol police, to strike
out "twenty" before "privates" in line
ninety-two, and insert "thirty;" to increase
the appropriation, in line ninety-three, from
§21,600 to $82,400; and to increase the ap-
propriation, in line ninety-six, from $32,100
to §42.900; so as to make the clause from
line eighty-nine to line one hundred read:
Capital police:
Foronccaptain,Sl,800; one lieutenant, $1,500; thir-
ty nrirate*. *t $1,088 each. 832,400; and eirht watch-
Ben. at each, S7.21W; making in all £42.900. one
half to be paid into the contingentiundot tlio House
of Representatives, and t ho other half to be paid into
the contingent fund of the Senate: Provided. That
no disabled soldier shall be discharged by reason of
this act.
Mr. HAMLIN. I should like to know what
is the necessity for increasing the Capitol police.
We have got plenty here now, in fact ten more
than are necessary. 1 have some knowledge
of this police. The Presiding Officer of this body
bad at oue time the control of it, and I know
there were more policemen than were wanted.
I know that twenty are not required; but
here the committee have increased that num-
ber by ten, and carried the twenty up to thirty.
I state what X know when I say we do not want
tventy policemen aronnd this building. This
amendment is utterly unnecessary. I want to
know why the committee have increased the
force fifty per cent. It is because somebody
wants a place. That is the whole argument,
and there is not anything else in it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will say to my
colleague thai the committee were not influ-
enced by that consideration. The committee
bare no knowledge of any parties that want :
places. That was aot the object; that was
not any consideration with the committee,
t he fact is that the law provides for thirty
policemen, and the committee have followed
the law and provided for precisely as many as ,
the law fixes, bo more. The Committee on :
Appropriations have not assumed the doty, if
it is their doty, in any sense whatever, to say
what the service ought to be. .
Some four years ago this subject of the Cap-
itol police was reported upon by the Commit-
tee on the District of Colombia, and they were
established at thirty privates, I think, and two ,
lieutenants and one captain. Now the House
sent this bill to as providing for twenty pri-
vales. To concor with the House was to ask '
the Committee on Appropriations to consider
the question of the necessity of a less number
of policemen than were realty established by :
law, and the committee simply did not under- j
itand that to be its duty. It may turn out that {
my colleague is entirely correct—on that point '
I give no opinion—that tweirty men are enough.
The action of the other House may perhaps
fairly famish that presumption; but at the
tame time the Senate committee, refusing to
take into consideration either the dumber in
the service or the compensation for the offi-
cers, contented itself by looking at the statute,
*nd finding precisely what the statute required,
they so provided. If yoa say that twenty are
woogh, then non-concur with the House; but,
at the same time, my colleague will see that
were should be an amendment to the statute,
for there stauds the statute establishing this
police, not a clause in an appropriation bill,
out a statute standing by itself, providing for
thirty privates of this policei If my colleague,
temg chairman of the committee that has some-
times had the care of the building here—I am
*nre the act originally came from the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia—is of opinion
that twenty are enough, then I would suggest
t° turn that he offer an amendment to repeal
i w much of the act.
Mr. HAMLIN. I was not aware of the act
rich m7 colleaguerefers, but I think it was
i P&sied daring the war when it was believed a
i 418T Cong. 2d Sbss.—No. 206.
larger number were necessary than at the pres-
ent time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think that is
true.
Mr. HAMLIN. It was when a great many
people were around this Capitol, thousands of
them, and there was perhaps a necessity for a
larger number of policemen. I only say that
my knowledge of the matter leads me to believe
very clearly that no twenty men are wanted, nor
anything like that number; but if the law is as
aav colleague says, perhaps we are obliged
to make the appropriation for the whole num-
ber. If so, you will have the whole number
appointed, That will be all there is of it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. They are all in
office now.
Mr. HAMLIN. All I can say, then, is that
the Senate can do as it pleases. You have
twice as many as you want. I think these are
times when useless expenditures should not be
incurred.
Mr. FOWLER. I do not know how many
are needed; but I know that the appropriation
bill for 1808 and also for 1869 provides for
thirty privates, as this amendment does.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Sherman
in the chair.) The question is on the amend-
ment of the Committee on Appropriations.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to say
now that if my colleague desires to repeal that
law he can draw up a section for that purpose.
Mr. HAMLIN. I will see to it before this
bill gets into the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move to strike
out the proviso to that clause, "provided, that
no disabled soldier shall be discharged by
reason of this act." As we have not reduced
the force the proviso may be stricken out. I
make tfiat motion.
The motion was agreed to.
The Secretary resumed the reading of the
bill.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was in line one hundred and
four, to reduce the appropriation "for com-
pensation and mileage of members of the
House of Representatives and delegates from
Territories" from $1,500,000 to $1,325,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The oextamendment was in the items appro-
priating for contingent expenses of the House
of Representatives, in line one hundred and
sixty-three, after "fuel," to strike.out "and
lights, including plumbing, gas-fitting, repairs,
and materialsand to reduce the appropria-
tion in line one hundred and sixty-four from
$15,000 to $7,000; so as to make the item
read, "For fuel, $7,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the appropria-
tions for the public printing, in line two hun-
dred and five, before the word "letter," to
insert "envelopes;" and after "copperplate,"
in line two hundred and seven, to insert "or
by lithographing;" so as to make the proviso
from line two hundred and five to line two hun-
dred and seven read:
Provided, That hereafter no envelopes, letter, or
Bote sheets for the ueo of Congress or any Depart-
ment or officer shall bo printed from steel or copper-
plate, or by llthograpbing.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
following proviso from lines two hundred and
thirty-four to two hundred and thirty-nine,
under the head "Library of Congress:"
Provided, That all the appropriations herein made
for the support and increase of the library of Con-
gress are made on the condition that the Library
shall bo kept open from seven o'clock p. m. to ten
o'clock p. m. every secular duy in addition to tho
hours it is now required to be kept open.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like t6 know of
my friend the chairman why the committee
recommend to strike out that proviso?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The first answer
is that it is not for the Committee on Appro-
priations to know whether that is a proper thing
to do or not; and second, the Committee on
the Library were consulted on the'subject, and
did not think it expedient to do it. In the
third place, a proposition like this, saying that
the Library shall be kept open, without making
an appropriation to keep it open, would not
accomplish the purpose. The House, there-
fore, have not done enough to accomplish what
they designed. It will require a pretty large
appropriation to enable the Library to be kept
open at night.
Mr. SUMNER. Why a large appropriation?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. In the way of
chandeliers and gas. There is no gas there.
Mr. SUMNER. It would require a new set
of fixtures?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It would require
pretty large appropriations in the way of gas-
fixtures and the introduction of gas, besides
of course the increase of the force. The Com-
mittee on the Library had it under consider-
ation, and did not feel that it was expedient on
the whole to keep it open. This Congressional
Library is accessible to the people during all
hours of the day, and wo were inclined to think
that on the whole it would not be so great a
thing to light up the building and keep it open
for such persons as at night may seek access to
it from this city.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line two hundred
and eighty-two,-after the word " Congress" to
insert " and other steam-heating apparatus in
the central building;" so as to make the clause
from line two hundred and eighty-one to line
two hundred and eighty-four read:
For compensation of the person in charge of the
heating apparatus of the Library of Congress and
other steam-heating apparatus in tho central build-
ing, $854.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was lit the items mak-
ing appropriations for the Court of Claims, to
increase from $3,000 to $3,500, in line two hun-
dred and ninety-eight, the appropriation " for
compensation of attorneys to attend to taking
testimony, witnesses, and commissioners."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
following proviso, from line three hundred and
seven to line three hundred and twelve:
Prooirfed. That nojodgment of laid court for any sum
exceeding $5,000 shall be paid until the same shall be
specifically appropriated by Congress. But this pro-
viso shall not affect the right of any party to appeal
from a judgment rendered by, the Court of Claims to
the Supreme Court of the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
three hundred and seventeen, among the exec-
utive appropriations, "for compensation of
secretary to sign patents for public lands,
$1,500."
The amendment was agreed to.
. The next amendment was after' 'messenger,''
in line three hundred and twenty-three, to in*
sert'' at $1,100,'' and to increase the appropri-
ation in lines three hundred and twenty-fourand
three hundred and twenty-five from $13,800 to
$14,000 ; so as to make the clause from line
three handred and twenty to line three hun-
dred and twenty-five read:
For compensation to the Private Secretary, assist-
ant secretary, (who Bhall ba a short-hand writer,)
two executive clerks at $2,300 each; steward, a d
messenger, at $1,100, of tho President of the United
States, $14,061).
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask that that
amendment be disagreed to.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HAMLIN. I wish to ask my colleague,
where is the appropriation for the Private
Secretary of the Vice President?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Sher-
man in the chair.) That is in the first part of
the bill, under the head of " Senate."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is in line
forty-two, page 3.
Mr. POMEROY. I desire to move an
