1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4225
Mv. DAWES. I object to any further time
than to day.
Mr. GxlRFlELD, of Ohio. I desire to say
to the gentleman from Massachusetts that I do
not make this request. I only wish it to be
known that there are a large number of mem-
bers anxious to speak on this subject. Amend-
ments have been ordered to be printed cover-
ing forty-two pages, and it. seems to me to be
unreasonable not to allow a full opportunity
for the explanation of these various proposi
lions. The proposition of the gentleman from
Illinois now is, that to-dav we shall devote to
half hour speeches, and then, in order to have
the gentleman's appropriation bill acted on
to-morrow, that Friday shall be devoted to
fifteen-minutes speeches on the pending bill.
Mr. DAW KS. I know the unpleasant posi-
tion I am 111 by making objection, but 1 see
plainly if I had not objected there are twenty
members here who would have made objection.
1 wish it to be understood that the most gen-
tlemen asked was yesterday and to day. I came
here last evening and there were just two gen-
tlemen upon the floor—the gentleman speak-
ing. and my industrious and attentive friend,
the chairman of the Committee on Banking and
Currency. There was apparently no interest
in the discussion.
Mr. GAUF1ELD, of Ohio. Thegentleman
must have remained only five minutes.
Mr. DAWES. I stayed here untii the ad-
journment, but when I came up that was the
census of the Home.
Mr. INGERSOLL. In the disposition of
the public business we are at least ten days in
advance of the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 demand the regular order
of business.
INCREASE Off BANKING TACILITIKS.
The House resumed, as the regular order, the
consideration of the bill (H. II. No. 1909) to
increase banking facilities, and for other pur-
poses.
Mr. INGERSOLL addressed the House.
[His remarks will be found in the Appen-
dix.]
Mr. ALLISON. I wish to submit and have
before the House two amendments to the pend-
ing bill. In line three I move to strike out
"95" and insert ''50;" so the first section of
the bill will then read:
That £50,003,000 in notes for circulation rmybo
issued to national banking associations in addition
to the $L>00,000,000 authorized by the twenty-sccoud
section ol the act to provide a national currency
secured by a pledge of United States bonds mid to
provide lor the circulation thereof, approved June
3,1864, &o.
I also move, in the second section, page 3,
after the word "association," line twenty-
four, to strike out. the following words :
And when the whole amount of additional emu-
lating notes issued in accordance^ with the provii-
ions of tho preecdinsr section of 1 his act shall excecd
the amount of the three per cent, temporary loan
certificates, the r-ecretary of the Treasury shall, at
tho beginning of cach month, redeem and cancel aa
amount ef United States notes equal to eighty per
cent, of the a,mount of additional circulating notes
issued to national banking associations during the
preceding month, in accords,nee with the provisious
of this act.
Mr. BURCHARD. I move Ac following
amendments. After section six; insert the
following as an additional section :
Snc. — And be it further cnacted, Tluit hereafter
every national banking association shall retain and
keep in coin or Treasury coin certificates, as partot
its reserve, the interest failing due upon its bonds
deposited as security lor its circulation until the
reserve required to bo kept by such bamc at its
place of bu&iness shall consist wholly in com and
certificates.
I also move to amend section three, in line
sixteen, by striking out the words '' in coin or
its equivalent."
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Speaker, the time is
coming when we must adjust our whole finan-
cial system and make it harmonious. I do
not, however, believe or clearly see that the
present time is opportune or calculated to pro-
duce, by any adjustment we can inaugurate in
41st Cong. 2d Sbss.—No. 265.
the present condition of finance and business,
(both mercantile and commercial,) the same
good results which will and can be accomplished
if we let the system remain undisturbed for a
period of one or two years and in the interim
leave the subject to natural or trade causes and
effects. I shall therefore, at the proper lime,
ask for a postponement of this bill to some
future day.
Lest, however, my suggestion may not receive
the concurrence of this House, I have deemed
it prudent at this time to speak of the amend-
ment 1 have offered, which, if action is had,
should surely, in my judgment, be adopted, in
view of the best interests of the whole country.
In doing so I shall contrast it with that portion
of the bill from the Banking and Currency Com-
mittee which appertains to my amendment. In
fact, it is hardly necessary that I should at all
discuss the remniuingportions of the bill. The
House will hardly, if they adopt at all any of
tlieprovicionsofllie bill from the committee, go
beyond those sections which authorize an issue
ol $'Jo,000,000 of national bank notes tor the
taking up of $45,000,000 of the three per cent,
certificates, (about forty-two million dollars
of which arc now held by the banks under the
law allowing them to hold three fifths of them
as pnitof their reserves,) and the remaining
$50,000,000 io bo used in retiring $50,000,000
of greenbacks.
My amendment gradually retires the $300,-
000,000 of national bank notes, and issues
instead $300,000,000 of greenbacks, and the
banks are compelled to redeem their national
bank noles with lawful money and receive back
their bonds; or, if they refuse to do so, the
power is given, after thirty days' notice to the
Secretary of the Treasury, to make sale of a
proportionate amount of bonds sufficient to
redeem their circulation, and hand over to the
batiks who have the bonds on deposit the sur-
plus realized by such sale above the amount
of their respective issues, dollar for dollar.
Neither proposition, that of the committee nor
that of the amendment, expands or contracts
the aggregate issue of circulating noles.
The one or the other may facilitate the trans-
mission of these notes from hand to hand in
trade, and thus expand the usefulness of tho
eii dilution and bring relief in this respect, or
the 0ne of the other may further limit the use-
fulness of the present circulation in thebusiuess
market. 1 incline t,u the opinion that the bill
of the committee will bring no such relief as
those who advocate the scheme would have
expansionists believe, but will probably pro-
duce a contrary effect. Roth propositions,
with the exception above stated, may be looked
upon as keeping the aggregate of currency at
its present volume. 1 believe it should so
remain because it is sufficient, and if increased
would retard an approach to specie payments.
The Senate, in adopting by a unanimous vote
what I may term tin anti-expansiou resolution,
read yesterday by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Gaiu'iEI/d,] acted wisely.
! have said the circulation was sufficient.
A few figures will demonstrate the truth of this
statement:
In 1834 tiie population was ..11.413,201
iij.uk ciieuLition and deposits ','170,500,556
Amount ],< r    ^.11 83
ill 1837, pr,pu!:ui'ui     15,t>G3,597
Il.mk ciicnlation and deposit- 5370,583,0*5
Amount per eapiin ^17 Gij
This expansion was followed by general
bankruptcy.
In 1850, population  
Avorn^o 2ycr eapdu   
In 18.37', population 
liank euculation and deposits
/'er cupita 
Increase in sovca yft.u'-.. . .
 28, 101,076
 *10 3D
  23,08:;,853
 ~(55,13:),171
 $15 m
 <-->13
This year was followed by a financial crash.
In 1859, population 30,370.115
Per eupttc ^14 01
In 1870—tho present time—population, say..40,000,000
Per capita about   ir2l 40
Thus it will he seen that the amount per
capita of circulation and deposits is greater
to-day than duriug any of the undisturbed
periods in our history. I think these dates
given are a fair index upon which we can form
our judgments, and should be a guide for out-
present action, ft is shown, to my mind, that
we notv have a sufficient volume ol circulation
for all business purposes. I fear, for oitr own
prosperity, too much. We certainly have all
that is necessary. Whenever in our past his-
tory we have approached near our present
amount disaster and bankruptcy have followed
in the wake. This state of things occurred,
as I have shown, in the years 1837-33 and
1857-58.
I maintain that whenever wc do make any
change in our circulation it should be in the
direction entirely of one or the other of the
present classes of notes: that is to say, it
should be either all greenbacks or else all
national bunk notes; and I may here stale
that my experience in mercantile pursuits leads
mo to the belief that if tho entire circulation
of the country had been all greenbacks, that
^ve would ere to-day have reached specie pay-
ments. The hanks have always been pecun-
iarily interested it^ postponing specie pay-
meats, and are to-day directly interested in
preventing any approach to specie payment.
The moment ihey are required to redeem issue
in gold, the amount ot their present heavy
profits will decrease.
When suggesting this substitution of the
greenback circulating notes for national bank
notes, I am met with the objection that the
Democratic party have always resisted paper
money, and So that party would to-day if the
proposition was to fasten 011 the people an
irredeemable paper currency. I make no such
proposition ; but we are compelled to deal with
this question as it is presented. I would have
the Government redeem all its promises to pay,
called greenbacks, in gold. If we had nothing
butagreenback currency, specie payment could
be reached in twelve months. The resumption
of tho payment of specie is a question of credit
and confidence. II we have to wait, until we can
payout a dollar in gold for every dollar of cir-
culating notes to an extent of either the pres-
ent greenback notes or the present national
bank notes, and let the gold remain away, we
would never resume, and thus never realize
that desired condition.
There is nothing in the foregoing proposition
inconsistent with the United States Supreme
Court's decision on the subject of tho ''legal
tenders."' If the Governmenthas the power to
delegate a right of issuing a circulating medium,
it must have the like power to stand as an
original in this respect. Believing, as stated,
that the currency should ultimately be of one
character, I now propound to this House and
the country, why should not that currency bo
greenbacks, redeemable by the Government
at all times in gold, and depriving it at as early
a moment as is possible of its legal-tender
characteristic? I believe the present, system
would be acquiesced in by the people if it was
deprived of itsgreatabuses, chief among which
is its free gift ol circulation by the Government.
It has been said by some that the national
bank note is more secure to the holder than a
greenback, because behind the national bank
note is the bond of the Government. Let me
ask all such, what is behind the bond? I will
answer, the ability and the disposition of the
people to pay the bond, and thus maintain the
Government, its credit., and tho honor of its
citizens inviolate. Exactly the same relation
exists as to ihe greenback. This ciaim of su-
perior security 01 national bank notes over the
greenback has only to be stated and examined
into to exhibit its utter fallacy. What is ex-
perience to-day ? The greenback is at a pre-
mium over the national bank note in every
money market of the country. Facts tuns
destroy theories. ,
The next inauiry to consider is wnetner tho
banks can afford to yield up the circulation
and continue to pay fair and remunerative div-
