1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5169
does notbelieve in the brotherhood of mankind.
If I have got to believe in a God that has not
made of one blood all nations of men to dwell
upon all the face of the earth, then commend
me affectionately to paganism, for this gospel is
burlesque upon human nature when interpreted
in that way.
Mr. President, if the genius of our institu-
tions means anything, it means that we will
protect, that we will defend every man who
comes among us, in his right, not only to life,
liberty, and the pursuit of happiness, but in the
enjoyment of his religion, and I cannot think
that Senators will seriously urge that the China-
mar. cannot be Americanized because he has
not got the religion that is regarded as the
American religion.
Now, Mr. President, what is this question ?
It is only another question of caste and preju-
dice. The immediate amendment moved by
the Senator from Oregon only vent to this
extent, that if a man was born in a particular
empire, the Chinese empire, he should not be
naturalized as an American citizen ; and why
not? A circumstance over which he had not the
least control, over which he had not even super-
vision , detertninedbim to have been born abroad
in that country ; and yet he, looking over the
Pacific, sees and reads of American institutions;
sees an effort going on upon this continent to
make a free Government for man, and he says,
" I want to identify myself with those men who
are trying an experiment on the American con-
tinent for free government." "No," says the
Senator from Oregon, "you were not born in
the right place ; you cannot identify yourself
with the people of America who are demon-
strating that man is susceptible of self-govern-
ment, because you were not born in the right
place." If that is not protection run inad, if
that is not reduced to au absurdity, nothing can
be reduced to an absurdity.
"A man's a man lor a' that."
He may come here from the center of effete
Asia, or from the arid plains of Africa ; he may
have been bleached, as my friend's ancestors
havebeen, by the snows of Zembla, and become
as white as a sheet, but he is not any more of
a man on that account. It is not his color, nor
his condition, nor the country of his birth that
identifies him with human nature and that makes
him a man. He is a man because he is of the
human family.
Sir, that teaching which talks about " races
of men" on this continent is little better than
infidelity itself. I cannot understand "the
races" of men, but only the human race ; that
race which was made " a little lower than the
angels;" that race which was crowned with
glory, and honor, and immortality, and eternal
life. I do not know of any " races" of men,
but only that one race.
If men come to these shores and live on this
continent with us, why may they not be Amer-
icans? Why may they not unite with us in
developing this American continent and this
American Government, the like of which can-
not be found in the history of the past ? I do
not believe that our Government was modeled
after any other Government. Republican gov-
ernment as organized in this country is a Gov-
ernment instituted here thefirst of the kind; in
its representative capacity and in the condition
we have it, the first that has been seen in the
world. I say there should be no proscription
of men who come from other nations and iden-
tify themselves with us in this Government.
It is the height of absurdity; it is wicked even
for us to enact into a law that they must of
necessity be born on some particular continent,
or island, or peninsula, or on some steamboat.
Sir, I am for giving citizenship and natural-
ization to every man who lives among us. If
you have a class of men among you who are
not citizens, they are a dangerous class. The
safety of our Government consists in making
every man a citizen. If you deny citizenship
to a large class, you have a dangerous element;
you have an element that you can enslave; you
41st Cono. 2d Sess.-~No. 324.
have an element in the community that you can
proscribe. Let all be equal before the law.
Let every one of them have rights that all others
are bound to respect, and then you have a Gov-
ernment as enduring as the ages and that defies
all attempts to sunder or destroy it.
Now, Mr. President, I trust that the Senate
will not reconsider this vote. I only rose to
say that this is a most inopportune moment
to go backward. No settlement of this ques-
tion will everbe made until it is settled in jus-
tice and right. You can dodge it; you can
vote against it because it is not on the right
kind of a bill to-day; but it will come up to
face you to-morrow. Like every other ques-
tion of this kind, it will face a man until he
meets it and settles it in justice and equity.
Any other settlement will not last an hour.
The men who vote against this proposition
because it is not on the right kind of a bill,
will find some excuse to vote against it when
it is on the right kind of a bill. What I rec-
ommend is that each Senator shall vote upon
the proposition on its merits. That will settle
it, and we shall have done with it. It will not
be an element in this election nor in any other
election; it will be acquiesced in as settled;
and as soon as it is acquiesced in as settled
you will have peace on this question. There
will be no peace short of that. My friend from
Massachusetts, if he is true to himself, as I
believe he will be, will move this proposition
again to-morrow if it should be reconsidered
to-night. He will move it on this very bill
again when we come into the Senate to-night,
and then he will move it to-morrow, and it
will be moved until it is settled in justice and
equity. Then let us settle it now.
Mr. CONKLING. Move it on the tax bill.
Mr. POMEEOY. Yes, move it 011 the tax
bill and on every bill. You may as well set-
tle it now first as last; because when it is set-
tled in this way, which I call justice and equity,
securing equal rights to every man who comes
to live among us, it will stay settled; it will be
in harmony with our Constitution ; it will be
in harmony with our laws; it will be in har-
mony with the spirit and genius of our institu-
tions ; it will bo in harmony with the enlight-
ened sentiment of mankind.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I hope the honorable
Senator will not consider me indecorous in
rising to ask him a question.
Mr. POMEROY. I had concluded what I
had to say, and shall be very glad to yield the
floor to the honorable Senator from Delaware
or any other Senator.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I simply wanted to
ask the Senator a question.
Mr. POMEROY. Very well.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I have heard it repeated
so often to the Senate of the United States,that
I feel impelled to ask the honorable Senator
what is the meaning of the phrase, "according
to the genius of our free institutions?" I should
like, in the contemplation of the events of the
last few years, the honorable Senator to tell us
what free institutions we have, if he can name
one.
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir; I call them free
institutions when they are accessible to every
human being: our literary institutions, the bal-
lot-box, our schools, and our churches. It is
the crowning glory of American institutions
that they are open and free to all citizens with-
out distinction of nationality. That is in one
respect the genius and spirit of free institutions.
Mr. SAULSBURY. "Where they are ac-
cessible to everybody." Will you tell me one
that is accessible to everybody ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to reconsider.
Mr. SUMNER. On that I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FOWLER addressed the Senate. His
remarks will be published in the Appendix.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, I have
been a member of this body for nearly twelve
years. In the commencement of my humble
senatorial career I used to indulge somewhat
in debate; but as I have had more experience
I have become very much averse to participat-
ing in public debate. I come here day after
day in the hope of being allowed to vote upon
the questions of importance that may suggest
themselves to the consideration of the body.
I do not wish now to protract this debate. If
a vote could be taken I would very gladly re-
sume my seat, and as an experiment, I shall
do so in a few minutes, notwithstanding that
many things have been said to-day and during
the course of the debate on this question cal-
culated to provoke discussion.
I have heard gentlemen of the dominant
party rise up on this floor and appeal to the
Declaration of Independence as the basis of
their action, and we have been cited to the
principles there enunciated as a justification
for the policy which some- gentlemen have
chosen to adopt on this occasion. I wish to
propound a question to the gentlemen of the
majority of this body, which, if this debate
continues, I shall follow up at some length;
and that is, what cause was assigned by your
fathers in that Declaration of Independence
for their separation from the English king and
the English Government which you as a polit-
ical party have not been guilty of? What, sir,
has it come to this, in view of your record, in
the light of the experience of the last six or
eight years, that members of your party will
deliberately rise on this floor and cite the prin-
ciples of the Declaration of Independence and
commend them to the favor of the American
people ? Turn to it, sir, and in that instrument
read your own condemnation. Let me cite one
or two:
"He has dissolved representative houses repeat-
edly for opposing with manly firmness his invasions
on the rights of tlio people."
Sir, what has your party done since it has
come into existence ? Have you not dissolved
legislative bodies for opposing with manly firm-
ness your infringement of the rights of the
citizen?
"lie has endeavored to prevent thopopulation of
these States, for that purpose obstructing tho laws
for naturalization of foreigners."
Most opportunely ; for if the proper title
were given to the bill now before the Seuate it
would read, "An act to prevent the popula-
tion of these Slates, by obstructing the natural-
ization of foreigners." Sir, I appeal to you ;
I appeal to gentlemen of the majority of this
body, if the whole basis of your support of
this measure is not now to render natural-
ization impracticable as far as you can do it?
While you can enfranchise hundreds of thou-
sands of negroes simply because you suppose
they will vote for your party you see there is
an clement in this country, there is a popula-
tion arising here whom you call the " ignorant
Irish," that you moan this whole naturalization
bill for. You mean to obstruct naturalization,
and therefore to prevent the population of these
States by free American citizens.
"lie has made judges dependent on his will alono
for tho tenure of their offices and tho amount and
payment of their salaries."
Review your own history. Have you not
laid your hands upon the judiciary of this
nation ? Have you not imprisoned the mem-
bers of the judiciary of the States simply
because they would not render themselves sub-
servient to your will?
"lie has orcetcd a multitude) of new offiecs and
sent hither swarms of officers to harass our people
and eat out their substance,"
Review your own history, gentlemen, and
tell me if you have not done that?
"He has kept among us.in times of peace, stand-
ing armies without tho consent of our Legislating."
Have you not done that?
" He has affected to render tho military independ-
ent of and superior to the civil power."
Sir, I have quoted enough from this instru-
ment which you yourselves have cited to-day
as the justification of your action. What have
