1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2337
view of this subject, which in all probability had its
influence with tho frainers of the Constitution, anil
induced them to confine the people to the clcction
of Senators and Representatives from among ttie
inhabitants ot their respective States. They could
not but anticipate that in the progress of time the
General Government would necessarily concentrate
at tho seat of that Government a number of persons
who would bo engaged in the different branches of
its administration, and whose long habit of depend-
ence on thoso who might fill the chief places in the
Government would do much toward enlisting them in
support of almost any cause which the Administra-
tion mightwish to promote. Every portion acquainted
with human nature must be fully satisfied of tho bias
which long continuance in particular situations and
associations is likely to produce on the mind; and
statesmen so well versed in political history as were
the members of the Federal Convention in forming
a Constitution of Government could not exclude from
their minds the course of policypursued by theBrit-
ish Government m this respect. It was well known
to them that by means of tho election of favorites to
the House of Commons through the direct influence
of the Government the ministry were enabled to
govern that country in contempt of the public will,
thereby rendering representation a mere form. The
true theory of representative government is bot-
tomed on tho principle that public opinion is to
direct the legislation of the country, subject to tho
provisions of the Constitution, and the most effectual
means of securing a duo regard to the public interest
and a proper solicitude to relieve the public incon-
veniences is to have the Representative elected from
the bosom of that society which is composed of his
constituents.
"A knowledge of the character of a people for whom
one is called to act is truly necessary, as well as of
the views which they entertain of public affairs.
This can only be acquired by mingling in their com-
pany, and joining in their conversations; but, above
all, that reciprocity of feeling and identity of inter-
est so necessary to relations of this kind, and which
operate as a mutual guarantee between the parties,
can only exist in their full extent among mem-
bers of tho same community. All those reasons con-
spire to render it absolutely necessary that every
well-regulated Government should have in its con-
stitution a provision which should embrace those
advantages; and there can be no doubt it was from
considerationsofthiskind thattho Convention wisely
determined to insert in tho Constitution that pro-
vision which declares no person shall be a member
of either House of Congress ' who shall not at the
time of the election be an inhabitant of that State
in which ho shall be chosen,' meaning thereby that
they should be bona fide members of the State, sub-
ject to all the requisitions of its laws, and entitled
to all the privileges and advantages which they con-
fer. That this subject occupied the particular atten-
tion of the Convention, and that thewoid inhabitant
was not introduced without flue consideration and
discussion, is evident from tho Journals, by which
it appears that, in the draft ot a constitution re-
ported by the committee of live on the 6th of August
the word resident was contained, and that on the
8th of the same month the Convention amended that
report by striking out 'resident'_ and inserting
' inhabitant,' as a stronger term, intended more
clearly to express their intention that the persons to
be elected should be completely identified with the
State in which they were to be chosen."
Mr. WILLIAMS. WilltheSenatorallow me
to ask him a question as to that case. While
the House decided that Mr. Bailey was riot an
inhabitant of Massachusetts because he had
been personally absent for five or six years,
did they not decide that he was an inhabitant
of the city of Washington though he was here
in Government employ with the intention of
returning to Massachusetts ?
Mr. BAYARD. Perhaps the honorable Sen-
ator may be right as to that fact; but I ask him
this question as a lawyer: when he cites a case
does he do so for its principle, or for the mere
facts which it happens to turn upon? It is a
question of principle in this case; and as I have
always been instructed the value of precedents
is not that the mere case-hunter may Cud them
and may find facts according to his wishes, but
it is that the principles laid down are such that
an intelligent mind shall be able to assimilate
them to ail possible future conditions of fact.
Upon all collocations of human circumstances
tliere are none more varied, there are none
more intangible and difficult of definition than
those which cluster around the question of
domicile. If we were to discuss each question
of domicile or inhabitancy by the light, of the
facts of another case wo should never arrive
at a decision, because no two eases can be alike.
It is the principle which controls them all that
I am endeavoring to develop out and apply in
the present ease.
Sir. CONIiLING. Will the honorable Sen-
ator allow me a moment?
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—-No. 14T.
Mr. BAYARD. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. I think the honorable
Senator from Oregon [Mr. Williams] is suf-
ficiently answered by the honorable Senator
from Delaware, as he was by Lord Eldon when
he said, " It is not cases, but the principle which
runs through and governs cases, for which we
look at the books." But I wish to set the
honorable Senator from Oregon right touching
the facts of the case of Bailey, which were not
as he states them. Bailey did come to Wash-
ington, voluntarily, of course, and entered into
the service of the Government, which at any
moment he had a right to leave. He remained
here for some time, being a single man. He
married here and entered into the family of
his father-in-law, and they resided together in
a house as housekeepers. And when the hon-
orable Senator says that all this was with the
intention of returning to Massachusetts he re-
fers to some phase in that case which I never
found as I looked it through, which nowhere
appears; but on the contrary it appears that
coming here a single man and having been
here some seven years he married here and
had no habitation in any sense whatever ex-
cept a habitation here ; nor was he here animo
revertendi, that can be found in the case.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not wish to interrupt
the Senator from Delaware, but I understand
that case to show distinctly that Bailey was
here simply as a clerk in one of the Depart-
ments, and all the time had the intention of
returning to Massachusetts. He affirms it and
rejlteats it in his defense that he was here with
that intention. Now, I should like to have the
honorable Senator from Delaware answer this
question if he pleases: where was the inhabit-
ancy of Mr. Bailey at the time that case was
decided?
Mr. BAYARD. Really if this was the case
of Mr. Bailey that might be important; but I
will say to the honorable Senator from Oregon
that uuless I take up this report and read it
over I cannot answer him of my own knowl-
edge. I take it for granted that as the report of
the committee was sustained by an overwhelm-
ing vote in the House, as it was a unanimous
report, his inhabitancy was declared not to be
in the State of Massachusetts.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That is true.
Mr. BAYARD. It was declared not to be
in the State of Massachusetts, which was the
place where his alleged election occurred. Now
in the present ease we are to consider whether
Mr. Ames was an inhabitant of Mississippi, and
so far there is an entire parallel between the
two. The question in the case of Bailey was
the question of his inhabitancy in Massachu-
setts, where he was elected. The _ question of
Ames is the question of his inhabitancy in the
State of Mississippi, where he is alleged to
have been elected. Now, if the principle of
the report in Bailey's case can apply to Mr.
Ames's case, then I say we proceed upon a
sound basis of reasoning which has not been
questioned since that report made in 182-1 to
this day; nor do I think it can ever be success-
fully. Bach case of domicile, each case of
inhabitancy will depend upon its own group
of facts, and I do not suppose that in all the
cases upon this much-vexed question of domi-
cile of which the reports both of England and
this country are so full the circumstances of
any two cases will be lound to be on all fours
with each other.
Mr. CASSERLY. If the Senator from Del-
aware will allow me, I desire to suggest that
there is a distinction which makes the remark
of the Senator from Oregon entirely inappli-
cable and of no value in support of his view.
Mr. Bailey as a clerk in a Department was
under no legal incapacity to acquire a habita-
tion wherever he saw fit. He did exercise his
legal right to change his habitation by taking
one in this District, and having got it here he
could not have it in Massachusetts. Hence
the principle of the case as adopted by the
committee of the House applies perfectly here.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have no chance to argue
the case, because it is not my speech.
Mr. BAYARD. I said awhile ago that it
was hardly fair to test a question of inhabit-
ancy in any meaning of that word used in the
Constitution by the legal term ''domicile."
We all know the question of domicile has been
raised usually for the purpose of affecting the
right of administration, the control of the per-
sonal effects of a deceased party. Weallknow
that all States are urgent in their claims for
jurisdiction in that particular, it may be for
purposes of escheat or it may be for the gen-
eral purpose of controlling and keeping prop-
erty within their own limits. It is possible
therefore, that many propositions have been
laid down in respect to the legal fact of domi-
cile which would never be applicable to the
substantial question of inhabitancy in a State
in the sense intended by the Constitution.
Taking the definitions given in the report in
Bailey's case as to what was intended by the
term "inhabitant," how much of each or any
of these requirements does Mr. Ames's ease ex-
hibit? I confess that I have found none, not
one single substantial requirement; and I shall
feel myself obliged ts gentlemen on the other
side, who, taking this language in the case of
Bailey and taking the interpretation of what is
meant by an "inhabitant" in substance and
in truth, will attempt to show in one single
respect the performance of these requirements
by Mr. Ames. I think there has been none.
Will you say, to use the language of this re-
port, that he was a bona fide member of that
State; that he was subject there and at that
time to all the requisitions of its laws ? Would
you say that he was completely identified with
the State in which he was so chosen? Would
you say that he had mingled in their company,
that he had joined in conversation with the
people of Mississippi, and above all that there
existed that reciprocity of feeling, that identity
of interest so necessary to relations of that
kind and which operate as a mutual guarantee
between the parties? Why, sir, it is a farce to
speak of his residence there in such words.
There is no substantial fact, no approach to a
fact in this case which could come under any
of the definitions which I have read, not one.
Now, as a matter of law in creating^ this
inhabitancy there must be the union of the
factum and the animus of the act, and the inten-
tion. What act? What intention? The act
must be one of domiciliation. It must be vol-
untarily performed, it must he performed with
unmistakable intent, and that intent mast be a
fixed intent. If it be a floating intent, the great
ingredient is absent. If itbe contingent, it will
not answer. It must be a general fixed intent,
and if you choose to add to that, "subject to
all the uncertainties that attend human exist-
ence," then you will simply say it is as fixed
an intent as the human heart can conceive and
the brain carry out. That is all of course that
the law requires of anybody. The attempt to
reduce this question to an absurdity by declaring
that all human plans must be uncertain by rea-
son of our finite condition and powers is, it
strikes me, a very weak suggestion on the part
of the friends of the admission of this party.
Now, to ascertain the meaning of his acts,
and to ascertain his intention, which is still
msre doubtful, who was Mr. Ames? He was
an officer in the United States Army. He was
subject to military orders. He drew his pay
and his rations in order to execute those or-
ders and to do nothing else. That portion of
the public money which he used was paid him t o
enable him to perform military service ana noth-
ing else. What took him to Mississippi ? How
® ^ T-T 1. _ J5 _
came he there? Has anybody suggested that
this was a plan preconceived and acted upon by
him ? Not a word of it He went to Mississippi
by virtue of Army orders. Conld he control
those orders? Coald he form a fixed intention
contrary to those orders? Why, sir, there was
not a day or an hoar while Mr. Ames was in
the State of Mississippi that he might not have
