2338
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
received an order which would have sent him
back to the State of Maine or to the Territory
of Dakota. He was not his own master in any
respect in regard to liis residence. He had
no will as to his own movements. He could
lawfully form no intention which could conflict
with his doty of obeying orders and going in-
stantly, when, and to any point to which he
might be ordered.
The term " automaton " has been objected
to in this debate as applied to Army officers on
duty. The term " automaton " has its proper
meaning. It was not used, or intended to be
used, derisively as applied to this gentleman.
But so far as a military man standing under
orders is concerned I declare that he is an au-
tomaton, and merely so for the performance of
orders, and especially in reference to his per- I
sonal movements. It would be impossible for j
an instant to control an army, to conduct any j
military operations, unless the doctrine of itn- !
plicit, unquestioned obediencc was that which j
accompanied the commission under which every j
officer acts. So far as his cleai', positive, un- |
restricted duty was concerned he had no con-
trol over his own movements, could not, from
the very nature of his employment, form any
fixed independent intention of his own.
"Theirs not to reason why:
Theirs but to do aud clio."
In that couplet you will find the precise meas-
ure of a soldier's duty. Mr. Ames wa* in Mis-
sissippi on military duty, just as General Sheri-
dan or Colonel Baker may be 011 duty in the
Blackfoot, country; and I here afiirmthat in all
reason and common sense you might as well
term General Sheridan and Colonel Baker
members of the band of Pieman Indians as to
term Mr. Ames a Alississippian. They wore
both at their repective points of duty for Army
work, and for none other. This gentleman was
a military ruler, with powers completely auto-
cratic, over the community where he was sta-
tioned. If he was an automaton himself, pray
what were the people of that community but
automata under his complete, unchecked con-
trol ? Could he so placed in Mississippi ac-
quire a domicile there? The common law and
the reason of it forbid the idea that by reason of
such a residence as Ames had in Mississippi, no
matter how prolonged, ho could acquire an
inhabitancy there. Sir. the doctrine of the
common law on this subject has found expres-
sion very commonly in tho various State con-
stitutions of this country. In almost all tho
States, cortaiiilyin very many of the old States
as well as in many of tho new States, this prin-
ciple has found its place in the declaratory
expression that by reason of being there sta-
tioned on duty as military men within the State,
no officer of the Army orNavy or Marine corps
could gain a residence. It is but the declara-
tion of this principle that applies this language
in the laws organizing the Territories of tho
United States, which forbid our officers when
stationed there to vote, much less to be voted
for. It is forbidden, therefore, I say, by a gen-
eral principle, that his duties were military,
and the very fact of tho existence of those
duties excluded the possibility that ho could
rightfully perform other work than that ibr
which his whole time and attention and un-
checked duty were pledged.
It was correctly stated by the Senator from
New York in his speech on this subject that
an officer so resident in a State to which he
had been sent in pursuance of military orders
must do some act independent—that is the
word; de-hors the law would term it—of that
military residence to make himself an inhab-
itant. Was any such act done by this gentle-
man? What did he do? What has been shown
to us or suggested that he did? Why, sir,
there has been nothing; not a single incident
has been suggested. What is his own state-
ment on that subject? He states that—
''Upon the success of the Republican ticket in
Mississippi, I was repeatedly approached to become
a candidate for tho United States Senate. For a
long time I declined. I wrote letters declininfr. A
number of persons in Mississippi visited this oity to
find arguments by which 1 might be influenced to
become a candidate. I hesitated, beoauso it would
necessitate tho abandonment of my whole military
life."
Hero, then, you have in his own words not
only the absence of any intention to remain
there, but you have u{) to this time the strong-
est affirmative declaration that he would not be-
comean inhabitant. Now, sir, what is thepoint
of time at which General Ames's declared in-
tentions were changed ? When did that change
"come o'er tho spirit of his dream," and when
did he elect to abandon tho military service
and to enter civil life? Ho says he refused
this office. lis coyly refused this office.
" In tho Lupercal,
I thrice presented him a kingly crown,
Which ho did thrioo roi'uso."
We know with what intent that declination
was made, and possibly there was an humble
imitation in the case ol your brigadier general
in Mississippi. I say that his inhabitancy in
that State, his intention to commence that
inhabitancy, was, according to his own lan-
guage, made contingent upon the fact of his
election; for ho declared to the committee,
and in the written statement furnished by him
to them, that in the event of his not being
elected to the Senate it was doubtful whether
I10 would have stayed there at all. That has
been repeated here in the debate, accepted by
those who urge his admission, and read without
question as a fact in tho ease, that lie declared
that until his election was an accomplished
fact there was an element of doubt whetner
he would remain in the Army, or whether
he would resign and take ofliee in the State
of Mississippi.
Now, sir, what is the result of that? Cast-
ing aside for a moment the idea of this man
being an inhabitant,, incorporated by tho ties
of interest and sympathy and long residence
among these people, and taking the barest
suggestion, the letter and not tho substance of
tho law, and saying that for one instant even
prior to the election his mind was fixed, and
the election subsequently occurring he was an
inhabitant and could avail himself of that re-
sult, and by his own words even that wretched,
unsubstantial ground is cut from under his feet.
At all times prior to his election, when this
intention should be formed and accompanied
by some act, ho accompanied it with an " if."
Sir, there is much virtue in an "if."
The fact was this, aud it resolves itself to this
proposition, to which I invite the attention of
such gentlemen as may choose to oppose it:
lie admits that until his election was accom-
plished it was doubtful whether I10 would stay
in Mississippi. I ask the Senate to listen to
this proposition. The election, according to
his own statement, must precede the fixing of
his intention; then the intent was postponed
until the election had occurred; and if post-
poned for one instant it was postponed forever
so far as his election at that time was con-
cerned. If the intent must precede and be
fixed, and it could not bo fixed until the elec-
tion had occurred, then of course the intent
was fixed subsequently, and therefore it is per-
fectly worthless in law as an element to prove
his inhabitancy at a time prior to his election.
Tho acts of this party all consist with this
floating intention. He remained in the Army
long after his election. He drew his pay. He
signed his own credentials as an Army officer
actingntider the law in some semi-civil capacity
that you term "provisional governor." lie
kept that rank; he kept that pay; he kept that
power; and his orders would have been obeyed
in tho State of Mississippi to remove any State
official whatsoever, to do any of the thousand
acts of tyranny which you placed it in his
power to do by your reconstruction laws, up to
the day he resigned his commission here in the
city of Washington to the President. After he
came here; after he had seen how the land
lay; after he had felt the pulse of party in this
Senate, then the intention became fixed, and
then, forsooth, he became identified with the
interests and the feelings and the sympathies
of the people of Mississippi. Sir, he was not
an inhabitant of Mississippi when he was
elected.
If there be one maxim of human justice more
profound and essential than another it is this :
that no man shall be a judge in his owa case ;
and this is held to be so true that judges upon
the bench in England have declared that even
an act of Parliament, which is supposed to be
omnipotent according to their theory of gov-
ernment, could not justify a man in deciding
a point in his own favor as a judge. Every prin-
ciple of human reason, every suggestion of
human justice is shocked at such an idea; and
yet in the present case what is it that the Sen-
ate is asked to assent to ? Not only that a man
shall be his own judge, but that he shall be his
own jury; he shall find the facts and law, and
decide everything in his own favor and upon
his own motion. Tho proposition is monstrous;
aud therefore I say that, according to the letter
as well as the spirit of the law, this gentleman
was not an inhabitant of the State of Mississippi,
in tho sense intended by the Constitution, at the
time he was chosen.
But there is a substantial objection which I
commend to every Senator. It is that this
officer elected himself by the military power
intrusted to him underyourlegislation. Didyou
pay him to electioneer for himself? Were the
people of this country taxed for his rations and
pay that he should use his time and the unlim-
ited power which so unconstitutionally and so
unwisely were bestowed upon him for his own
private electioneering ends? Why, sir, it is
plain that an officer so placed, so sustained by
ins Government, was guilty of nothing else in the
world than a broach of trust when he used his
time or his money, or the military power which
your laws gave him, for the purpose of gaining a
political advantage to himself. This is the
first prominent case in the history of this coun-
try in whieh this has been attempted. The
honorable exceptions to it are numerous. One
of them was read by my friend from Maryland
[Mr. ViCKEiis] yesterday, in which another
general, stationed in another State, with like
powers, refused from a sense of simple deco-
rum to permit his name to be used in such
connection. I have heard of similar instances.
No doubt the source of power, the throne, will
bo always approached by those who would
like to recommend themselves to it by sug-
gesting the exercise of its power ; for its own
advantage but to such approaches in this
country an American soldier should have but
one answer, and that is that he was placed
there for military purposes, and that he had
no civil ends to answer by the exercise of his
power. I trust the Senate are not disposed to
give encouragement to this departure from all
tho traditions and all the precedents in our
country's history, and to sanction the attempt
now made, and which, in my opinion, is so
fraught with danger to the country.
Why, sir, but the other day we had the dec-
laration of the most tender scruples on the
part of certain gentlemen in this body. On
their consciences they were forced to fetter the
States of Mississippi, of Georgia, of Virginia,
and others forever with unchangeable condi-
tions in respect to their public schools and their
system of suffrage. Why was that done ? Why
was that absurd, gratuitous, useless, invalid
attempt made to fasten upon those States im-
mutable conditions? Why, forsooth, because
the tender consciences of those gentlemen
found that tliey were compelled by the Con-
stitution to guaranty a republican form of
government to those States. Sir, what mock-
ery, what utter mockery, what a gross farce is
this being enacted before the people of the
United States, when such an election as this
is termed a proceeding in the nature of a re-
publican form of government! This captive
State of Mississippi, manacled, whipped with
your rods of military power until her poor,
