1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
83-<
Mr. MAYHAM. I move the following as
a substitute:
And in any district where the enumerator shall be
lcquired to travel more than three miles from his
JS ■ 'enis?.J-° m?k? ?ny enumeration he shall
be entitled m addition to his per diem the sum of ten
cents a mile for one way only for the distance so
££*established by the oath of said enum-
ei atoi, authenticated by the certificate of the district
superintendent.
Mr. Chairman, it seems to me that the pro-
posed amendment referring this question to
the Secretary of the Interior will be consti-
tuting that officer a court to sit in judgment
upon the compensation which these enumer-
ators shall be entitled to, and would lead to an
almost, endless investigation. The substitute
which I propose is one which in its terms seems
to be simple. Thei'e must be something con-
fided to these enumerators. We must confide
something to their honesty and capacity, and
why not confide to them the determination of
the amount of the services tliey render? lie-
quire them as you require sheriffs and consta-
bles, or any ot the executive officers who are
entitled to traveling fees to make their returns
under oath ; pay them their per diem besides.
In that way you will arrive at a just compensa-
tion. In Nevada and Colorado and California,
where it is said they may have to travel six
hundred miles, they will receive an adequate
compensation. In the city of New York, where
the districts are small and compact, all within
three miles, the enumerator would get nothing
but his per diem In that way you provide
for necessary expenses in large and extensive
districts, and at the same time restrict the com-
pensation to .what, it ought to lie in compact,
districts.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I had hoped that,
the committee would have consented to rise to
close debate .on this section, still leaving it
open to amendment, so that we might get on.
I hope I shall be able to get it to do so after a
while. Debate has now drifted into the gen-
eral question of compensation. When 1 was
last up I was prevented from saying the spe-
cific thing which I desired to say : that in the
old la%v there were so many methods of com-
pensation, so many constructive charges, tlmt
in my judgment that mode of payment opened
the door to the constant danger of having false
and fraudulent bills presented ; and, as a mat-
ter of fact, the whole administration of the
, census under the old law has shown a constant
warfare between those who sent up bills for
payment and the auditing officers ot the Gov-
ernment. The committee,,after looking into
the whole matter very attentively, thought it
best to wipe away all constructive charges, all
indefinite and vague rates of payment, and to
fix a simple per diem allowance. I f t he amount
is not sufficient, let us make it more. But I
think it would be difficult for us now to say
what precisely it should be.
I would suggest this to the Committee of the
Whole: let the bill stand as it does now; let
the section go as it is, but with this understand-
ing, that there will be time enough before the
actual execution of the provisions of this sec-
tion, if the Secretary of the Interior should
find it to be necessary, for Congress to pass
some modification of them. It seems to me
that that would be the wise course. We pay the
United States assistant assessors a per diem,
allowance, and give them no mileage. In fact
the whole tendency of the Government for a
number of years back has been to do away with
constructive charges, and to provide definite
and fixed payments. I think it is better to fix
the amount precisely, and to show on the very
face of the law what we are going to pay, or at
least the rates. I have here a little table which
I have drawn np showing the cost, exclusive
of printing and publishing, of the censuses
taken from the beginning of the Government
of the United States to the present time; and
let me say that the increase of cost each decade
has averaged not far from seventy-five per cent.
on the increase of population, the increase of
industrial interests, and the increase also of the
inquiries that were made by the different cen-
suses. I will read the table ; it is as follows :
Cost of Oennisea.
1790  $44,377 18
1800  66,609 04
1810  178,444 67
1820  208,525 99
1830  378,543 13
1840   833,370 95
1850 (to September 30,1853,) 1,318,027 53
18t>0 (total appropriations, $20 >,000 un-
paid,) 1,786,350 73
The cost of the last census, with the accounts
of nearly the whole of the southern States
unadjusted and unpaid, rose to $1,786,000;
and there are enough unpaid claims to make
up the amount to $'2,000,000, exclusive of the
expense of printing and publishing. Well,
now, at the rate of increased population, and
when you consider the increase in prices in
consequence of our currency, which our good
friend from Illinois [Mr. Ixgeksoll] wants to
increause, [laughter,] when you consider all
these things I do not believe that this census,
under the bill proposed, will cost any more
proportionally than its predecessors have cost.
I hope, therefore, we shall reject these amend-
ments and let the section stand as it is, and
that gentlemen will consent that we shall take
the vote now.
Mr. MAYHAM. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. SARGENT. I renew it; and I send to
the Clerk's desk to be read a proviso to the
internal revenue law of 18G2 to show that this
amendment contemplates no new principle in
legislation.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That is so.
ilr. SARGENT. We have confided to the
Secretary of the Treasury with reference to the
assessors and collectors of the revenue in the
Pacific States and Territories the very power
that we now propose shall be exercised bythe
Secretary of the Interior under the operations
of this bill, and certainly gentlemen will not
say that the Secretary of the Treasury has
abused that power. Under it the Government
has collected millions and millions of dollars
annually from the Pacific coast. That proviso
was put in the law on my motion in the Thirty-
Seventh Congress. I then assured the House
that unless we could get some adequate com-
pensation for those who were to be required to
carry out the details of that bill there would bo
a serious loss to the revenue, and I pledged
myself then that our people would honestly pay
the taxes levied upon them provided that the
duties and responsibilities defined in the bill
should be brought to their attention by persons
adequately paid to do so. The result has veri-
fied my prediction.
Now, i desire simply that the same principle
then applied shall he applied here. I then
asked you to do it in order that the Govern-
ment might collect taxes of us. I ask you now
to do it in order that wo may be fairly enum-
erated in this census; that we may be enabled
to maintain our rights upon this floor in the
way of representation. I ask that the provision
of the former law be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Providrd, The Secretary of the Treasury shall be,
and ho is hereby, authorized to lis such additional
rates of compensation to be made to assessors and
assistant assessors in the States of California and Ore-
gon and the Territories as may appoar to him to be
just and equitable in consequence of the greater
cost of living and traveling in those States and Ter-
ritories, and as may in his judgment be necessary to
secure the service^ of competent and efiioient men,
provided the rates of compensation thus allowed
shall not exceed the rates paid to similar officers in
such States end Territories respectively. In eases
where the collection district embraces moro than a
single congressional district the Secretary of the
Treasuiy may allow the assessor such compensation
its he may deem necessary."
Mr. SARGENT. Iwithdrawmyamendment,
Mr. MAYHAM. I renew my amendment
to the amendment.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Mayham; and it was not agreed to.
The question then recurred upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Fitch.
Mr. MARSHALL. I offer the following as
a substitute for the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Nevada, [Mr. Fitch:]
And each enumerator shall receive as compensa-
tion for his services two dollars per day for the time
during which he is actually employed as such enum-
erator, provided that in the districts where compe-
tent enumerators cannot otherwise bo secured the
Secretary of the Interior may. in his discretion, allow
as compensation any sum not exceeding six dollars
per day.
I will only say in addition to what I said a
few"minutcs ago that I am satisfied my amend-
ment is preferable to the provision contained
in the bill. In the counties of nearly all the
States of the Union competentmen areobtained
for similar services at a compensation of two
dollars per day and the offices are actually
sought for by men who are fully competent
to discharge the duties required of an'enum-
erator by this bill. The district superin-
tendents under this bill are to have an amount
of patronage almost unprecedented in the his-
tory of our country, and I warn gentlemen
around me, members of the dominant party,
that if in their districts shrewd men who may
happen to aspire to congressional honors
should be appointed as these district superin-
tendents, with unlimited patronage as to the
number of enumerators to be employed at a
large compensation, the places that now know
them in this Hall will know them no more for-
ever. These district superintendents will have
more patronage, more influence with the heads
of families in the various districts than any
officers we have heretofore had. They can go
into every township and every settlement, and
picking out the most influential men, may con-
fer upon them this office of enumerator at a
compensation of four or five dollars a day, and
in this way the district superintendents can
exert an immense political power., -1 think
that two dollars a day is ample compensation,
except for the Pacific coast; and as to those
districts I am willing to leave it to the discre-
tion of the Secretary of the Interior to fix a
sum not exceeding six dollars a day. I am
satisfied that the amendment will be an im-
provement upon the bill, and I hope it will be
adopted.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment
of Mr. I' itch as modified.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to amend by
inserting after "enumerator," in the eighth
line, the words "and fifty cents for every one
hundred persons by him enumerated."
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment is not
in order, not being in the form of an amend-
ment to the pending amendment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move, then, to amend
by striking out the last word of the pending
amendment. I make this motion for the pur-
pose of saying that in my opinion some pro-
vision ofthekind 1 have just indicated is neces-
sary in order to keep the number of these enum-
erators within reasonable bounds. It is true
their number is to be regulated subject to the
approval of the Secretary of the Interior, bat
v/e all know that he cannot possibly have defi-
nite information in regard to all the various
districts, and under the provisions of this bill
as it now stands there will be in many congres-
sional districts an unusual and unnecessarily
large number of ofticers appointed to do this
work. Itis a sixty-days'job. The district super-
intendent has power virtually to name as many
as he pleases to do this work. We all know
very well that among his political and personal
friends he will distribute these offices. In some
districts we shall have one enumerator for
every fifteen or twenty families, who will be
employed for this whole sixty days at a per
diem. If we couple with that a provision to pay
them according to an amendment that has
been read at the Clerk's desk there will be an
inducement to increase the size of these di&*
