1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
2380
pale lips falter forth the shibboleth of Radical-
ism ; you term that a republican form of gov-
ernment, and you say when a person whom you
sent there to exercise this power uses it for
his private and personal ends he is an inhabit-
ant of the State, and that the spirit and the
meaning of your Constitution have been satis-
fied ! The Senate may do it, as they have done
many things else, but they cannot do it without
my protest, here made, and my declaration that
I would not be so stultified as to admit for one
instant that this election was a process of a
republican form of government. Would that
the American people could realize the hideous
nature of the acts you are committing in the
name of republicanism !
One word, sir, before closing, There is in
this precedent a danger to a class of men, to
a branch of our Government, which I hold in
the highest respect and honor, which I desire
never to see tarnished in any degree or low-ered
in the estimation of their fellow-countrymen ;
I mean the Array and the Navy of the United
States. They should be the glory and the pride
of our whole people. They belong not to a
party, but to the whole nation. Let the shift-
ing sands of polities change as they may, let
our Army officer, let our naval officer know
lhat his welfare is equally considered, his
honor and his rights are equally safe, let par-
ties ebb and flow which way they will, and let
power pass from Administrations to and fro as
it necessarily will by the popular breath. They
are invested by our laws with high trusts. They
are paid, and paid as I have often thought too
poorly for the character and position they are
expected to maintain in the community and
the duties they are called upon to perform.
But, sir, when the day shall come that it is
an accepted proposition that an Army or a
naval officer in command in any section of the
country can use his time and pay, can use his
infiueuce, can use his official power to create
an electioneering fund for himself, or interfere
m any way with party politics, then I say woe
be unto them, because the people of thiscouu-
tiy will never subscribe to such a doctrine nor
submit to such abuse. There has been too
much of it of late. Too many noble men at
this day find themselves in discomfort, in
almost exile simply because their private, just,
honorable political views bring them into dis-
favor with the powers that be. And too many
others have been taught to—
" Crook the pregnant hinges of the kneo
Where thrift may follow fawning."
I would secure to our officers of the Army
and Navy free, unquestioned liberty of con-
science in all matters touching their country's
Government; but I would break from his rank
any man who prostituted his official position to
attain party ends.
I trust the present example may not be fol-
lowed. No man shall be more strenuous against
it than myself in that day which I trust is not
far distant when the party to which I belong
shall again hold the reins of power in this Gov-
ernment. I trust that then, when an Army
officer is ordered to duty his politics shall not
be asked, and that when laurels or when favors
shall be accorded to them, it shall be in the
spirit of justice, and not guided by the mere
narrow dictates of party.
And yet, what is the precedent sought to be
set here? What will it result in? It will be
the encouragement by this act of admission of
fl. partisan spirit in an officer who should know
none in the discharge of his duty. Perfect
freedom in private opinions in respect to all
matters, political and otherwise, I most fully
would accord to them; I would punish se-
verely the attempt to interfere with their just
and lawful expression ; and were I in power
in the Government I would equally reprehend
and punish most severely the attempt of an
officer of the Army or the Navy of the United
States to use the pay or the power given to
him for the purpose of producing party suc-
cess or defeat.
I have no more to say in this ease, nor had
I intended to speak at all upon it, but- as I list-
ened to this debate, as the danger to the coun-
try of the proposed precedent, as the import-
ance of the principles involved in this matter
impressed itself upon me, I felt it right, for
the sake of maintaining in popular esteem the
standard of this honorable and honored branch
of our service, to prevent if possible the adop-
tion of this dangerous precedent (which can-
not be approved by any right-thinking man in
that service, J by the Senate of the United States.
There has been handed me the "NavyRe-
gister of the United States for the year 1870,"
and appropriately placed upon the fly-leaf of this
publication is an extract from Regulation Cir-
cular 2fo. 2, paragraph 17, which I will read in
confirmation of the statement in the earlier por-
tion of my remarks as to what, constituted the
domicile, the legal home of officers in the ser-
vice of the United States :
" The residence of an officer is within the State or
Territory which he habitually makes his homo when
off duty, and the appropriate column in the Navy
Register will designate whatever State or Territory
officers may select as their residence."
What State does the Army Register affirm to
you Mr. Ames has elected as his residence ? If
he died to- morrow, barring the facts which have
occurred since his election, wiping those out,
with nothing more existing to prove his domi-
cile than that which existed at the time of his
election, I ask you what State would have con-
trol of the administration of his effects ? By
the regulations of the service, it is declared
that the home which he selected as his resi-
dence when " off duty" shall be designated in
the appropriate column of the Navy Register as
his residence.
Mr. DRAKE. I inquire of the Senator if
that is an Army Register, and an Army regula-
tion ?
Mr. BAYARD. If the Senator had done
me the favor to listen to my distinct assertion
on that point he would have heard me read
from the Navy Register of 1870.
Mr. DRAKE. It was because the Senator
read from a Navy Register with regard to an
Army officer that I made the inquiry.
Mr. BAYARD. I presume the principle is
just the same in regard to both. They are
public servants, paid for public services and
not paid to electioneer themselves into civil
office. There is here made by this regulation
a declaration as to the residence of a military
officer, whether in the naval or land service
matters not, when " off duty and what is the
implication from that ? That his military resi-
dence is no legal residence at all in the legal
sense of the word.
Mr. DRAKE. I should like to suggest to
the honorable Senatorthat that very regulation
which he has read is a governmental admission
of the right of the officer to have a home
somewhere.
Mr. BAYARD. Yes, sir; and the Register
is the proof of what he has selected as his
home, and the State of Maine is the residence
selected, according to your Army Register, for
General Ames.
Mr. DRAKE. That regulation is as to Navy
officers, not Army officers.
Mr. BAYARD. The Senator of course can
use it as it suits him; the effect of what I have
said is for the Senate and the country to con-
sider.
Mr. SHERMAN obtained the floor.
Mr. RAMSEY. I ask the Senator from Ohio
to give way for a moment to allow me to sub-
mit an amendment to the deficiency "bill with a
view to have it printed.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
AMENDMENT 'i'O DEFICIENCY BIfyL.
Mr. RAMSEY submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed to the bill (H. R. No.
1846) making appropriations to supply deficien-
cies in the appropriations for the service of the
Government for the fiscal year ending June
30,'1870, and for other purposes; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
bill introduced.
Mr. CONKLING asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 746) authorizing theFirst'National Bank of
Delhi, New York, to change itslocation; which
was read twice by its'title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
avenues and streets of washington.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If the Sen-
ator from Ohio will allow me, I presume there
will be no further objection now to the passage
of the bill which I reported this morning, and
I hope it will be acted upon, I believe it is
now perfected according to the sentiment of
the Senate, and it is very necessary that it
should be passed to-day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stewart
in the chair.) The bill can be considered by
unanimous consent.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No.
745) authorizing the corporation of the city of
Washington to set apart portions of streets and
avenues as parks for trees and walks was read
three times, and passed. It authorizes the cor-
poration of the city of Washington to set apart
from time to time as parks, to be adorned with
shade trees and walks, and inclosed with curb-
stones, not exceeding one half the width of any
and all avenues and streets in the city of Wash-
ington, leaving a road-way of not less than thir-
ty-Sve feet in width in the center of the avenues
and streets, or two such road-ways on each side
of the park in the center of the same; and the
corporation is also authorized and empowered
to levy and collect special taxes in such equal
and just manner as it may authorize, in par-
ticular wards, parts, or sections of the city, or
upon all property bordering upon avenues,
streets, and alleys which shall have been so
improved, sufficient in amount to pay the actual
cost thereof. But nothing herein contained is
to be held to apply to Pennsylvania, Louisi-
ana, and Indiana avenues, or to Four-and-a-
half street between the City Hall and Penn-
sylvania avenue.
PRESIDENTIAL APPROVAL.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had on this day
approved and signed the following bills :
An act (S. No. 596) to relieve certain persons
therein named from legal and political disabil-
ities imposed by the fourteenth amendment to
the Constitution of the United States, and for
other purposes; and
An act (S. No. 512) for the relief of Captain
Phelps Paine.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter from the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, transmitting a communication from the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, with a supple-
mental report of the commissioners appointed in
accordance with the Senate amendment to the
thirteenth article of the treaty of 23d of Febru-
ary, 1867, embracing the claim of the Wyan-
dotte Indians; which was referred to theuom-
mittee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Llotd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the fol-
lowing bills and joint resolutions, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 520) for the relief of L.
F. Larkin, of Weldon, North Carolina ;
A bill (H. R. No. 546) for the relief of L.
R. Straus, of Macon city, Missouri;
A bill (H. R. No. 698) for the relief of
Daniel R. Wunderlich, of Chambersburg,
^^"bilHH^B. No. 794) for the relief of Ht
Lawrence Scott, late agent for the sale of
