1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5171
school attendance. There is going on in New
England an increase in the number of those
who cannot read and write, and it is by no
means confined to the foreigner. The greater
proportion is found among the native born.
No law will remedy this evil. The neces-
sities of the person is above the law and
where the law can never reach. The introduc-
tion of Chinese or other dependent labor will
strengthen the centralized powers in the coun-
try. and put further off measures 10 effect a
redistribution among the people of both power
and wealth. We find in the greed for money-
getting in this country a counterpart in the
search after gold by the Spaniards in their early
operations on this continent. What power was
there in the grandeur of the great exploits of
that great nation to regulate or curb the appe-
tite which ended in corrupting the State and
people and sapping the foundation of progress
and prosperity.
We find in France a higher centralization
than any since the decline and fall of the
Boman empire, produced by the same causes.
Prance exhibits an intelligence in produc-
tion, trade, and business without parallel else-
where in the world. With seven eighths of her
population without ambition, education, mo-
rality ; with a full inheritance of poverty and
ignorance; surrounded, too, as seven eighths of
her population are, by the grandest discoveries
in chemistry and the sciences, arts, produc-
tion, and all of modern civilization, her rev-
olutions and changes in her Government have
comeandhavegone,and notone ofhercidzens
has discovered that the development of trade
and commerce, the marvels of science, and
the productions created thereby, have given
existence to forces superior to law, to govern-
ment, the State, or the people. Like all other
forces, if great and constantly augmented, when
superior, unless regulated and curbed it be-
comes as it were the destroyer or subordinator
of all other powers within its reach ; and hav-
ing absorbed all else, it has no further food
to feed on, and dies. In plainer words, the
interests of the people and a country become
absorbed and sucked up, and then there is noth-
ing to feed on, and the existence so constituted
ceases its growth and life from want. Thus it
has been with ancient States, with Rome; and
thus it is true with Prance, Spain, Mexico, only
kept alive by the marvels of science and the
richness of mines and the soil.
With us, as in Prance, these forces central-
ize, establish reserves, giving value to cities,
poverty to surrounding lands. It is the same
as if the Mississippi river and all the rivers of
this continent were allowed to run into the
ocean, without, a return of rains to the land
through the movements of the clouds, set in
motion by the sun at the equator. The ab-
sence of the sun at the equator, or the stop-
ping of the pulsation of the heart in man,
which pumps up, then distributes the vital fluid
through the whole body, and which finds a
return of the surplus fluid by the tissues of
the veins, which form grand veins, to return to
the reservoir and again to perform its function
of supply to the growth or exhaustion of the
body, would be the same as our body-politic
is constituted to-day. All animal life, all vege-
table life, and the universal life has a central
system, and the nearer we approach it in the
government of a people the happier and more
prosperous is that people and the stronger their
Government. England, Prussia, and the Gov-
ernment of the Netherlands are illustrations
in point. Its action is electrical, in an orbit
or circuit. Whenever such an action is ob-
tained, by first recognizing the ruling force,
then curbing and directing it into a life-giving
channel, which is a circuit or orbit, there is suc-
cess, or nearer success than elsewhere. Where
this circuit does not exist the development is
either of an inferior order, or there is no ani-
mated life.
I claim now, and before the Senate, the
country, and the world, and more especially 011
this 4th of July, that a loan bureau attached
to the Treasury will effect this circuit of the
force created by the marvelous development
of our resources. Its effect, if untrammeled,
will be the same as the sun at the equator,
affecting the upper and lower currents of air
and water, the return of the waste to the mount-
ains. Its effect is to bring four hundred mil-
lions of money to effect a circuit and redistri-
bution of money. Money is the prevailing force,
the superior power. It is by this means made
subordinate, or a laborer, to distribute among
the people a life-giving attribute to their trades
and industries. When this great idea is recog-
nized and applied there will be no danger from
Chinese or from any other Powers. Until then
expect conflicts with labor, conflicts of corrup-
tion among parties, demoralization and weak-
ness among the people, loss of industries, cen-
tralization, and an imitation of the course of
France, Spain, and Mexico. On this question
I shall choose the least evil, and shall give the
Chinese the ballot. I have reflected long and
amply on these subjects. I pray Senators and
people to heed my words.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Nye in
the chair.) The question is on reconsidering
the vote on the amendment of the Senator from
!v« Q C O Q H 11 C!of
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I have lis-
tened to the debate on the motion to recon-
sider, and thus far I have heard no single
reason assigned for reconsideration. If there
is any Senator now who has any reason to
assign, I will cheerfully yield the floor that he
may be heard. No Senator desires the floor,
and I proceed.
On Saturday, by a vote of 27 to 22, the Sen-
ate voted to strike the word " white " from the
naturalization laws ; and now you are asked to
reconsider that vote. The Senator from New-
York [Mr. Fenton] makes the motion. I do
not see him in his seat.
Mr. CONKLING. He is in his seat. I
make the motion.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon.
Mr. CONKLING. 1 beg the Senator's par-
don. My colleague withdrew the motion. I
make it.
Mr. SUMNER. I understood the motion
was made by the colleague of the Senator
from New York.
Mr. MORTON. It was, and then with-
drawn, and renewed by the Senator present.
Mr. SUMNER. I understood it was made
by the Senator from Maine [Mr. Hamlin] first,
and then made by the Senator from New York
on my right, [Mr. Fenton,] and, indeed, he
has conferred with me about it this evening
since I have been in my seat and recognized
it as his motion ; but he is not here now to
explain the motion, or to assign a reason for
it. If he were here I should like to hear from
him, that we might know why the Senator, hav-
ing on Saturday voted to carry outthe Declara-
tion of Independence, now, on the 4th of July,
declines to carry out that Declaration. On what
reason? Is there any? Can any be assigned
why we thus bring disgrace upon the Senate ?
I speak plainly, for I say such a reconsidera-
tion will be a disgrace. Such a conclusion
when once adopted cannot be abandoned with-
out the Senate suffering. A great poet ha3
told us that the soul may reach heights which
it cannot keep, and you are asked now to illus-
trate his verse. I trust that the Senate will
keep the heights it has already reached ; cer-
tainly unless some good reason shall be assigned
why it shall descend.
But though no reason is assigned for recon-
sideration, reasons have been assigned to-day
in debate why Chinese should be excluded
from the operation of the Declaration of Inde-
pendence, why its promises should not extend
to that great people should they see fit to come
among us and seek our citizenship. The most
earnest and argumentative of those 
[Mr. Edmunds and Mr.-Morton being en-
gaged in conversation in the main aisle, Mr.
Sumner took his seat.]
The PRESIDIN G OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts surrender the floor?
Mr. SUMNER. I do not. I take my seat
until order shall be restored. Senators were
talking loudly.
Mr. MORTON. I did not intend to disturb
the Senator.
Mr. SUMNER. I know the Senator did not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask to have the rule
read. The Senator from Massachusetts has
spoken twice to-day in this debate.
Mr. SUMNER. I have not spoken on this
question.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes.
Mr. SUMNER. Not at all on the ques-
tion of reconsideration.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask to have the fourth
rule read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will read the fourth rule.
Mr. EDMUNDS. At the same time I will
say that I was not aware that I was disturbing
the Senator.
The Chief Clerk read the fourth rule, as
follows:
"4. No Senator shall speak more than twice in
any one debate on the same day without leave of
the Senate; which question shall bo decided without
debate."
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts makes so much noise that I cannot
hear the reading of that rule ; I should like to
hear it read.
The Chief Clerk again read the rule.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish it may be settled
once for all what is the meaning of that rule.
I have always understood that each motion
creates a new debate.
Sir. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. THURMAN. That has always been
the understanding, so far as I know.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chan-
will suggest that the shortest way to get along
is to let the Senator from Massachusetts pro-
ceed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope so; and if it is
necessary to have leave of the Senate I hope
he will have it.
Mr. SUMNER. I believe I am now in
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Massachusetts will proceed.
Mr. SUMNER. I was saying when myfriend
from Vermont—he will pardon me—interfered
with me by his rather loud conversation as he
stood in the middle aisle. He will pardon
me——
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
Mr. SUMNER. It is my misfortune that I
cannot speak when another person is speaking
as loud as myself.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Even if he does not speak
as well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Massachusetts will proceed; the compli-
ments will be assumed.
Mr. SUMNER. When the Senator speaks
he always speaks better than I do. I was say-
ing that the Senator from Oregon, [Mr. Wil-
liams,] who spoke with earnestness and with
argumentative force this morning before the
motion to reconsider was made, has given us
reasons why we should not admit the Chinese
into the promised fellowship of the Declara-
tion of Independence. I took down some of
his precious words, not many.
He says that my proposition gives to millions
of heathens and pagans power to control our
institutions. How and when have I made any
such proposition? I wish the Senator were
here, that I might ask him to explain this un-
justifiable exaggeration. How and when ? 1
make 110 proposition that I do not find in the
institutions of my country. I simply ask you
to stand by the Declaration of your fathers. 1
say nothing about millions of heathens and
