1870
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1395
vantage of the observation of the Senator from !
Vennont.to correct aslander that has been per-
petrated for years against my State, and which !
nas been so o:ten repeated that Senators in
this Chamber have been naturally led to believe
it to lie tivie. The State of New Jersey never
taxed a passenger for crossing that State,
Jireetiy or indirectly, since it has been a State.
Their method at one time for collecting the
oru.uary taxes from the company was to say,
•• You shall pay us in proportion to your busi-
ness." Instead of being a dollar, that sum, if
I recollect aright, was ten cents, being a privi-
lege 10 the company, being a smaller tax than
that company would have paid if the tax had
been collected in any other way.
.Mr. MOIUUJjL, of Vermont. Will the Sen-
ator from Ne>v Jersey allow me to ask him a
question '.' Was not ihe practice of the com-
pany at one lime to demand a dollar more for
fare from those who traversed the whole length '
of the State than from way passengers ?
Mr. STOCKTON. I am not aware that the
State had anything to do with that. I arose to ,
answer the remark in reference to my S'ate.
heiher the company did at any time make a
discrimination between local travel and through
travel I cannot at present directly answer.
Mr. MOiiUILL, of Vermont. That is the
fact to which I alluded, that those who traveled
through the S'ate were compelled to pay a dol-
lar more for their fare than they would if they
had paid way rates from station to station.
Mr. STOCKTON. I do not think at any
time there was any such discrimination as that
made. I think it is quite likely that, as on
many other roads, at one time the addition of
the local rates did not amount to the same sum
precisely as the through rate when paid for a
distance. But, Mr. President, I did wot rise
to deiend this company or any other company,
lliat ;s not my business here. I rose simply
to say that the tax levied by the State of New
Jersey on the company was lighter than it would
have been if the State had taxed the real and
personal property of the corporation as it taxed
the property of individuals; that the method
oi ascertaining the tax was simply a modus
decimandi, a method to tithing, it was a spe-
cial method of tithing; they paid so much on
their business.
I rose also, Mr. President, to say that having
been thu3 slandered for years and misrepre-
sented, until members of Congress traveling
irom the East actually believed that our State
was levying a tribute upon them, that they
could not come to the national capital without
paying a tribute to New Jersey, on the recom-
mendation of the Governor of the State the
Legislature of the State has absolutely abol-
ished all taxation of these companies except
in the same method that banks are taxed, upon
their capita!; and to day in the State of New
Jersey there is not even that special method
of taxation existing which formerly prevailed.
Ihis was done, not that it was not a good plan,
not that it was not a wise plan, not that it was
not a lair plan ; but it had been so misunder- 1
stood and misinterpreted that it was thought
better to change the system. I thank the Sen- j
ator for his courtesy in yielding me the floor to i
say this.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Well, Mr.
President, I did not rise to make any attack !
on the railroads of New Jersey; but I must i
say that it was a little singular that those com- !
panies should have resorted to the practice of ;
taxing through passengers a dollar more than
citizens of New Jersey would have to pay who
rode upon the same railroad if they rode the
entire distance as way passengers, paying from
station to station, because all other railroad
companies are in the habit of making their
through fare at a less rate than they do their
way fare.
, But, Mr. President, I desire to call the atten-
tion of the Senator from Maine to further por-
tions of this bill which involve the Government
of tUe United States in a greater expense than
what he has alluded to. He argues that sec-
tion eleven will not involve the Government in
any expense, because it will employ vessels of
the United States used in the Navy, or for the
Treasury Department as revenue-cutters, which
the Government of the United States arc not
using. Is that so? Have we any extra vessels
afloat that we do not need and are not using?
If we have I take it our Committee on Appro-
priations will speedily cut them down, so that
we shall not have them. We ought not to
have more vessels than are indispensable for
the national service and needed for present
and constant use.
I do not understand that we have any sur-
plus. We may have some vessels out of repair
that are not in commission, not manned, and
out of employment; but I take it wo shall not
repair and man those vessels for the sole uses
of this exposition; and let me say in relation
to converting these vessels into freighting ves-
sels, that of course that cannot bo done with-
out removing their armament, and when that
is removed, and they are employed for freight-
ing vessels, everybody who saw that as prac-
ticed in the late war knows the immense amount
of injury that it inflicts upon one of our naval
vessels. One month of such service, for which
they are in no manner fitted, is worse than
a whole year of ordinary service, and is not
to bo tolerated except in case of extreme
emergency.
I take it, then, in the first place, that we
have no such vessels, officers, or men that
could be thus employed, and that if we had it
would be a very gross perversion of their proper
functions. Why, sir, if there is any amount
of goods to be carried, such as ought to be ex-
pected to go to an international exposition, it
would employ several hundred vessels. This
section is a very sweeping and peremptory one:
That for the purpose of facilitating tho collection
of goods from distant parts of the country the col-
lectors of the several ports of entry of the United
States are hereby directed to receive and store such
packages as may be sent to them from any part of
the United States, addressed to tho International
Industrial Exhibition at Washington, and to ship
said packages on board such transports as tho Sec-
retaries of the Navy and Treasury shall provide, for
the purpose of their transportation to Washington
city.
The United States collectors are compelled
to receive them. They are directed to receive
and ship all packages which may be sent to them,
whether they have these vessels or not. It is
not a matter of choice at all:
And the Secretaries of tho Navy and of tho Treas-
ury shall provide for the purposes of their transport-
ation to Washington.
That would involve the country in hundreds
of thousands of dollars for transportation alone.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Vermont whether he has
examined the provisions of the bill in order to
ascertain the probable cost? Does he not think
that if Congress should inaugurate this enter-
prise the nation would then be in honor bound
to make it a success ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Undoubtedly
we should.
Mr. President, there is in the first place no
need of this Bection, and I shall move to strike
it out, because in all such exhibitions all the
railroads and other means of conveyance would
be tendered to the use of parties desiring
them merely for the purpose of getting the
additional passenger traffic. Therefore, there
is no necessity or propriety at all in imposing
this vast burden upon the United States.
But there is another provision that is a very
singular one in this bill, in section thirteen.
It reads:
That the President may. at tho re<iue,-it of the
directors, assign to duty in the servieo of the exhi-
bition such oflicers of the Army and Navy as ho may
deem advisable, and may direct a detail of troops or
marines to do guard duty at the exhibition building
and grounds from the commencement of the erection
of the building to the close of the exhibition, and
the sale or final disposition of the building as here-
inbefore provided."
Here is a provision demanding a detail of
troops for three or four years, utterly unlim-
ited in its extent. I do not think at this time
we can quite afford to recruit men either in the
, Army or Navy to be stationed here three or
; four years, where I suppose it would not be
deemed respectable to have less than a com-
pany of them, at least, uniformed in good
style, at a cost annually of $1,0U0 per man.
Mr. President, I atn therefore in favor of
the motion of the Senator from Ohio ; but T
will refrain from discussing the bill further if
we can only have a vote.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not wish to prolong
the debate, becauso I think the Senate is ready
to vote; but there is one consideration sug-
gested to me by a citizen of this city that it
seems to me ought to be stated to the Senate.
It has already been remarked that Washington
does not contain sufficient accommodations for
a great international exhibition. This gentle-
man reminds me of the fact that rents are so
high in Washington city that it is almost im-
possible for the poor clerks in the Departments
and the mechanics to get shelter for then-
heads and the heads of their families; and if
you put this international exhibition here the
landlords of this city will raise the rents of
their property during the year of the exhibition
so that it will be impossible for the poor men
of this city to have shelter for their families.
It is a consideration that weighs much with
me; but it is not necessary for me, for I regard
the whole thing as a humbug, to impose, if
passed, an expense of five or six million dol-
lars on the Treasury of the United States.
Mr. PATTERSON. Mr. President, when
this bill was first reported I was not very favor-
able to its passage, because it seemed to me
that we could not inaugurate an international
exhibition here which would be of a character
honorable to the country without throwing
upon the Treasury of the United States au
amount of expense which it could not at this
time well bear. If that should be the result I
should deprecate the passage of the bill. But
the citizens of Washington have come forward
' and subscribed so liberally to this enterprise,
and havegiven to the committee such assuran<:e
' of support from the men who are engaged i.i
the industries of the country, and the men of
wealth in other sections of the Republic, that
I have been inclined to support the biil. 1
voted to recommend to the Senate the passage
of the bill when it was acted upon in com-
mittee, in view of these facts, and in the belief
that it would not be a source of expense to the
; Government.
Nov
while not urging very strenuously the
1 passage of the bill, for 1 think the purpose of
the Senate is to defeat it, I wish to make one
or two remarks in reply to what has been said
as to the place of holding this exposition. It
seems to me that Washington is the proper
place to hold the exposition at such time as i;
shall be deemed proper to have an interna-
tional exhibition: first, because it lies mid-
way between the North and the South, so that
the people of the southern States and the peo-
ple of the northern States, with about an equal
expense to each, could attend upon it. All
; sections of the country should receive tho
\ advantages which would accrue from such an
. exposition.
In the second place, we have here our Pat-
1 ent Office, in which we have the models of all
i the machines invented by the mechanical in-
i genuity and skill of the country, which would
i be really an exhibition to all who should come
here to attend upon the exposition of the in-
! dustry of the country. That I consider would
be an important reason why the exposition
i should be held here.
Then the objection which the Senator from
Ohio has urged, that it would raise rents in this
I city, would apply to any part of the country
| as well as to Washington. If there was to be
| a great inpouring of people from abroad, as a
! matter of course it would raise the expense
■ of rents here as it would elsewhere wherever
I the exposition might be held.
