1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
381
4-1st Cong....2d Sess.
Receipts and Expenditures—Mr. Sherman.
Senate.
rion; but he was obliged to abandon it, and my be-
lief is that a house tax would be much more unjust
in its operation than an income tax. The objection
to the income taxis that it is inquisitorial. I do not
deny the objection; but apart from that I feel it to
be one of the best taxes that can be imposed. Three
per cent, in the present condition of the country is
absolutely necessary to procure the supply, and I
make the proposition from a firm conviction that it
will be infinitely less onerous and more just than any
other tax." * >•<*■*** *
"My settled opinion is that the burden will be less
than that arising from any other tax we could devise."
" I do trust, however, that this tax will not becon-
demned upon individual cases of hardship, but that
the House will rather attend to general results, and
fairly consider whether any other tax equally just
can be found which will be equally effectual in rais-
ing the required supply for the public exigency."
"If there is to bo an income tax at all it must be
uniformly laid upon all iDcorne, and in no case what-
ever can I allow a distinction to be drawn."
i' * # t* ss * A- *
"The more I look at this question, the more I con-
sider the amount of the sum. to be raised, the more
confident am I that the best measure now to be
adopted is to resort to a tax upon income, rather
than to impose a tax upon those articles of excise
and customs to which I have referred." * *
* x "I believe that such an attempt would far
more disturbthe application of capital and theoper-
ations of active industry than will a call upon each
individual to pay three pounds out of every £100. I
have a strong conviction that the great mass of the
lower classes will consider the voluntary determin-
ation of Parliament to accept for themselves and to
impose upon the wealth of the country this tax for
tho purpose of relieving its burdens—I have a strong
conviction that it will bo genorally hailed on the
part of the country as a strong proof of the determ-
ination of the upper classes to bear their fair share
of taxation."
Again, Sir Robert Peel says :
" The first objection of that honorable gentleman,
the member for Liskeard, was a curious one. He
objected to the tax because tho people would be en-
abled to see what was taken our, of their pockets.
Now, this is exactly so. An income tax is very sen-
sibly felt in its operation. Taxes on articles do not
como home so d>rectly." "• >
"You say that income derived from fixed prop-
erty ought to bo made subject to the tax I propose,
but thai in'corno diawn from professional exertion
and the operations of trade ought not to be taxed,
partly owing to the inquisitorial nature of the tax
itself and partly from the nature of such property.
But is it meant that the officer on half pay should
contribute to tho tax, and that tho physician of
£9,000 or £10,000 a year should not? You say that
terminable annuities ought not to pay the same rate
as landed proprietors; but would you say that a
widow who has a jointure, a fixed sum per annum,
which terminates with her lite, would you say that
she should pay the same amount? "
"Then, sir, T am told that another great objection
to this taxis that it encourages perjury and fraud;
but I should like to know what is the tendency of
indirect taxation. I should liko to know what is*
the tendency of excise duties. I should like to know
what is the tendency of all the excise regulations as
to distilleries. Taxation, I take it, is inevitable.
Taxes we must have. Sir, I perfectly agree with the
honorable and learned member for Bath that nothing
can bo more frivolous or absurd than the extreme
sensitiveness as to what a man's incomo may be. 1
believe that a very good estimate is usually formed
of the state of men's circumstances by those who
care about inquiring into other men's property and
tho state of their credit." * * * ' "And
as to the terrors of the inquisition which I propose
into men's private affairs, it is mere folly, it men
will only act honestly and make bona fide returns."
"Tor my own part I entertain a higher opinion of
the integrity and fair dealing of the people of this
country than to suppose that an advantage of such
an amount as £2 18s. in the £100 could operate as a
temptation to perjury and fraud.
" The measure which I now propose is founded on
reason and justice."
Again, Sir Robert Peel says that—
"A tax upon income was the basis of his financial
policy, and he meant to defend that principle to the
utmost."
On this occasion the income tax was again
renewed at three per cent., and from that
time to this, a period now of nearly thirty years,
the income tax has been retained by a vote of
Parliament, renewed from time to time, and
is now a part of the fixed financial policy of
Great Britain. Sir, it was the income tax
imposed at the time by the proposition of Sir
Robert Peel that enabled England to repeal
her corn laws, her tax on food. It was th<*
lirst beginning of the great prosperity she has
had for the last twenty years. This tax was
carried, as I said before, in the House of Lords,
and in the House of Commons, where every
member represented property rather than per-
sons, and where the whole House of Commons
was elected by about one million voters, instead
of as in this country, where we have seven
million voters.
My honorable friend from California referred
me the other day to Sir Robert Peel and Mr.
Gladstone as being against the income tax;
and yet they have supported it and maintained
it. Sir Robert Peel and Mr. Gladstone, being at
the head of the British Government in different
periods of time, have sustained it throughout.
I have here copious extracts from speeches
made by Mr. Gladstone on this subject. In
the debate in the House of Commons, on the
28d of May, 1853, Mr. Gladstone said:
"I only wish to remind tho committee that the
main objects which the (Government have in view in
proposing the renewal of the income tax for a con-
siderable time are these two: in the first place, to
give stability to our system of finance; and in the
second place, to put the tax upon such a footing, and
so regulate its provisions by a progressive descent of
the rate, as may bring it to a point in which it will
probably bo in the power of Parliament to part with
it altogether, if so disposed."
Again :
"Ho knew no more dangerous and democratic
principle than that taxes should be laid on persons
in easy circumstances only. The House must look
to the relative ability of men to bear taxation."
Again, on the Gth of June, 1853, he said :
"All persons knew that one of the great dangers
by which the income tax was beset was the exemp-
tions by which it was accompanied. The considera-
tion on which exemptions had been formerly justi-
fied was that there was a certain point in the pro-
gress down the scale of direct taxation beyond which
it was not advisable to pass. The sums to be levied,
for instance, might be so small that they would not
pay the cost of collection, or if they were collected
the vexation attending it would be such that it would
not be expedient to attempt it. "When Mr. Pitt in-
troduced the income tax he proposed sixty pounds
as the limit, and between that sum and £200 he pro-
posed a variety of graduations; he likewise intro-
duced exemptions similar in nature to those proposed
by tho honorable and learned gentleman, namely, in
favor of married persons having a number of child-
ren. and others in favor of the clergy, &c. It was
gradually found out to be unwise to continue these
exemptions, and whatever might have been the par-
ticular privileges before enjoyed it was thereafter
determined to make onefixod exemption. Such was
the act of 1842. When the income tax was first framed
it was on a very complex basis, and the lesson which
experience had taughtwasthat itwaswise to get rid
of all graduations, and simplify distinctions as much
aspossible." -<*■** "Ifhewereasked
why he stopped at £150 ayear, hisanswerwas he did
so because he found that margin recognized by law,
and because he found asystem already atwork which
embrarod such a limitation; and he would impress
upon the House that in matters of this kind a very
little experience was worth a great deal of abstract
reasoning." x * "Ho defied him
to prove that the man with £400 a year was always
better able to bear the tax than the man only in
receipt of £1U0 a year."
Mr. Gladstone, speaking of the inequality
of the income tax, said:
"In the main I admit what is stated with respect
to those inequalities. I think, however, that upon
a minute and careful examination we shall find that
taxes have likewise many gross inequalities in their
operation, which, however, are veiled and concealed
in a very considerable degrco, while those of tho
income tax have, at any rate, the merit of being tol-
erably patent on an examination of the case."
Mr. Hubbard said, in the same debate, as to
the inquisitorial nature of the income tax:
"The complaints made against it on that score were,
in his opinion, somewhat exaggerated, because, alter
all, the statement of a man's Income, which was ren-
dered necessary in the process of its collection, neod
be made only to avery few person*, who were bound
to be secret and discreet in the performance of their
official functions."
Mr. Gladstone again said, as to the idea that
an equal rate of income tax is unjust:
" I have always felt that that sentiment is not sup-
ported by reason; and such has been the opinion of
much greater men who have had to deal with this
tax."
Mr. Gladstone, on the 23d of April, speak-
ing on a resolution to the effect that the tax
on precarious incomes should be lower than
that on permanent incomes, said:
"If a man is notable to pay his income tax, neither
can he afford the duty on tea and sugar. The two
stand exactly on tho same footing, and the same
argument applies to each. The tax is objectionable
because it leads to fraud, a charge which, I am sorry
to say, experience convinces me cannot be exagger-*
ated in its gravity and extent. But with all these
disadvantages it is after all a tax, as the country
feels, which is founded on principle, and the fact
that it has existed so long with equal rates is of
itself a great advantage. "When I said lately that
the back suited itself to the burden, I did not
mean to say that the burden ceased to be a burden,
but that in matters of taxation usago and tradition
are of great practical importance, and that novelty
in asubject of difficulty is of itself, though not a con-
clusive, a serious objection. This equality of the tax
on equal incomes is a principle for the purpose of
taxation, and if we depart from it we must try to
find some other. On what other principle can we
stand?"
Two committees of the House of Commons,
one in 1850 and another in 1861, who spent a
long time in investigations of propositions for
amending the income tax law, both made no
report, having concluded that the law as it stood
was as good a one as could be framed.
In 1864 the House of Commons voted down
the following resolution :
"Resolved, That the inequalities and injustice
attending the operation of the existingproperty and
income tax disqualify it for being continually reim-
posed in its present form as one of the means for
levying tho national revenue/'
The present chancellor of the exchequer,
Hon. R. Lowe, said in the House of Commons,
March 10, 1869:
" Thereal evil of the income tax, in my judgment,
is not that it is levied m a partial manner on land or
realized property or profits of trade, but that, from
the necessity of the case, personshavingsuch income
asthat included in schedule D are judges in their own
cause, and that this in many instances holds out a
temptation to those persons to give too favorable an
interpretation of the amount of their liability. But
to say that there is an objection to income tax is only
to say that this tax is a tax ; for the ingenuity of tho
human mind never did and never will devise a tax
to which there are not objections more than plausi-
ble, and which would be absolutely convincing and
irresistible if taxation were not a necessity."
Again, in presenting to tho House of Com-
mons the budget on Monday, April 11, 1870,
he said :
"I have received many deputations respecting tho
income tax, and I concede that a good deal may be
said against this tax; but as I am not prepared with
a substitute for it, I must continue the tax at such a
moderate rate as will make it tolerable to those who
pay it, preferring to give them a little uneasiness
and discomfort than to strike out so great and use-
ful a branch of revenue. ['Hear!' 'Ilearl'j"
I might also read from various writers on
political cconomy on this subject, John Stuart
Mill among the rest. In the second volume of
his Political Economy, page 39S, speaking of
the conditions necessary for making this tax
consistent with justice, he says :
"1. That incomes below a certain amount should
be altogether untaxed."
We exempt $1,000.
" 2. That incomes above the limit should be taxed
only in proportion to the surplus by which they
exceed the limit."
We allow the same deduction of SI,000 from
all incomes.
"3. That all sum? saved from income and invested
should be exempt from tax."
That also is provided for in our proposition.
Then he proceeds:
"An income tax fairly assessed on these principles
would be, in point of justice, the least exception-
able of all taxe^. The objection to it, in the present
low state of public morality is the impossibility of
Ascertaining the real incomes of the contributors.
The supposed hardship of compelling people to dis-
close the amount of their incomes ought not, in my
opinion, to count for much."
" Notwithstanding, too, what is called the inquis-
itorial nature of the tax.no amount of inquisitorial
power which would be tolerated by a people the
most disposed to submit to it, could enable the rev-
enue officers to assess the tax from actual knowledge
of the circumstances of contributors."
Here we have the testimony of this distin-
guished writer on political economy, broadly
in favor of the continuance of the income tax,
