1870.
THB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3283
Mr. NYE. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to ask him n question ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Certainly.
Mr. NYE. I will ask if these first-class
newspapers, although I suppose it to bo a fact
that thf.v cannot afford to publish the laws
at the price paid by the Government, do not
rejjard it as * privilege to publish them ?
.Mr. MOHKlLL, of Vermont. No, sir.
Mr. NYK. 1 know it is so in ray State.
They regard it a"S a privilege, or rather as their
duty, to publish them.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. There are
many newspapers iu my State that utterly refuse
to pahlish the laws of the United Stales as
advertisements. Six years ago we had all the
treaties and all the laws of the United States
published ia a little six by eight paper out here
in Georgetown. Does anybody believe that
that was of any service to the country ?
Mr. POMEROY. That is an exception.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. They were
published also in another very small puper in
this District. The U nited Slates have to pay
the expense of the publication of the pamph-
let form of the laws, which is a reform on the
past practice of Congress and is really a ben-
efit, tor members of Congress are enabled to
distribute them to almost all the prominent
men and lawyers in their respective States,
'i'iiat is a publication which I think ought to
be continued; but this publication of the laws
ia the various papers of the United States as
an advertisement I regard as uu abuse, and it
ought to be discontinued.
Mr. ROSS. So far from the argument of the
Senator from Vermont being anyreason against
the publication of the laws in the newspapers
of the country, in my judgment it is a very good
reason why we should increase the price for
the work instead of cutting off the publication
altogether. I do not think we can. appropriate
a like sum of money so profitably ior any pur-
pose as for distributing among the people t,he
laws which are to govern them.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing have had this subject under consideration
and in some remarks that I made some time
ago on the public printing I gave my views on
this subject. I do not suppose anybody remem-
bers them now.
Mr. POMEROY. I do, very well.
Mr. ANTHONY. The publication of the
laws in the newspapers, in my judgment, is an
entire waste of the public money ; and I think
my friend from Iowa [Mr. Howell] willagree
with me. It costs the Government about one
hundred thousand dollars a year. The pub-
lication of the laws, as the Senator from Ver-
mont has said, is not concluded in most of the
newspapers until long after the session of Con-
gress has adjourned, frequently not until the
next session has commenced.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The private
sets are of no consequence to be printed any
way.
Mr. ANTHONY. We do not print them.
Treaties are printed, but not Indian treaties.
When the publication of the laws was first com-
nenced in the newspapers it was very proper,
because then that was the only means which
the public had of becoming acquainted with
the laws; but it is very different now. All the
laws that are of any sort of consequence are
printed in the newspapers simultaneously with
their passage. Indeed, the people are kept
acquainted through the newspaper press not
only with the laws that are passed by Congress,
l v^ Pr02ress legislation. The peo-
ple know what has passed the House, what has
passed the Senate, how the' bills have been
amended, and what has been the result of con-
ference committees; and when the laws are
eoapleted, and have gone to the State Depart-
ment, and been placed ou the rolls, and are theu
printed in the newspapers, they are so old that
®oy person interested who wishes to see them
®8 8een them long before.
I have thought it might be
useful to author-
ise the Secretary of State to make a compila-
tion of such of the legislation of each Congress
as in his judgment might be necessary for pub-
lication in the newspapers, because we often
place in the appropriation bills important legis-
lation. But to spread before the country at
public cost all our appropriation bills, all the
money that we appropriate for tho Kickapoos
and the Assiniboines and other Indians, aud
every item of appropriation for every branch
of the public service, is so much waste of paper
and ink. I do not think they are read, and I
do not think they are of any cousequence to
anybody if they are read. I have had some
consultation with tho Secretary of State on
this subject, and he lully agrees with me aud
with the Committee on Printing that this is an
entire waste of the public money.
The publication of the laws in pamphlet form
is convenient, and perhaps it is well enough to
continue that, although the Statutes-at-Large
are now published by Little, Brown & Co. in
a very convenient aud accessible form aud at
a moderate cost. After all, the publication of
the general laws is useful mainly to those of
the legul profession. If a man wishes to know
anything ubout the law he goes to a lawyer.
He does not go to a newspaper to find out what
laws have been passed affecting his rights or
interests.
I hope this amendment will be adopted, and
I propose to add un amendment to it to dis-
continue the publication of the Biennial Regis-
ter, called the Blue-Book. That is an entirely
useless expense, although it is not very costly
to print it. I presume, however, it costs con-
siderable to prepare it; but there is no need
of it at all. I shall move before this discussion
closes, as soon as I can, prepare the proper
amendment, to omit that publication.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to enter a motion
to reconsider an amendment that was adopted
while I was temporarily occupying the chair.
It is the ameudment on page 14, line three
hundred and thirty.
Mr. NYE. Is that in order before we dis-
pose of this amendment?
Mr. SHERMAN. I only wish to enter the
motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio states that he mereljr desires to enter the
motion. The motion will be entered. It is
to reconsider the vote adopting the amend-
ment making an appropriation of $2,200 for
the chief clerk of the State Department, on
page 14.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now give way to the
Senator from Nevada.
Mr. NYE. I hope this amendment will not
prevail. The honorable Senator from Rhode
island and the honorable Senator from Ver-
mont know but little of the difficulties attend-
ant upon the attainment of a knowledge of these
laws iu a country situated, for instance, like my
own State; a country where the population is
sparse. There you find mining camps at great
distances from each other, but in almost every
camp is published a newspaper, each of which
publishes these laws that are furnished them
by the local newspapers designated for the
purpose. We are told in answer to this that
the laws are published iu pamphlet form; but
how are those people to get copies of the pam-
phlet edition? If a member of Congress wishes
to send the pamphlet of the laws to one of his
constituents he must send it at his own ex-
pense, if he does not send it very quickly, in
view of the bill pending here to abolish the
franking privilege. This amendment is really
equivalent to saying to the people in distant
settlements and in distant portions of the coun-
try, " You shall not know what the laws of the
United States are."
Mr. President, I wish to demonstrate this
by a single proposition which has been alluded
to by the honorable Senator from Oregon. A
man in my own town was the victim of the loss
of $16,000 because he was one day behind the
time, according to a law passed here, in enter-
ing scrip that he had purchased honestly. For
more than thirty-four days the land offices of
that State were not apprised of the passage
of the law, aud with a law standing mi your
statute-book of which the people there were
entirely ignorant they invested their money
honestly, out were cheated out of it.
Mr. ANTHONY, it the Senator will allow
me to make a single remark at this point, that
was done with the laws published in two
papers iu every State iu the U uion.
Mr. NYE. No. sir; do not be too fast. It
takes you a little more than one day to get a
law from here to Nevada or California to be
published.
Mr. ANTHONY. But there was a law
authorizing the publication.
Mr. NYE. The law will prevail; but what
I was complaining of was that the honorable
Senator from Rhode Island proposes to keep
the people there ignorant of the laws for fif-
teen or twenty days at least, when if they were
sent immediately on their passage they could
get there now in a week, and they would be
published in our newspapers.
The honorable Senator from Rhode Island,
representing the intelligent people of Rhode
Island, and the honorable Senator who repre-
sents the equally intelligent people of Ver-
mont, where you find at every other door a
lawyer, whether they have much or little to
do, where every town is a law establishment
with little fellows running around to cry out
what the law is, [laughter; ] they do not share
in the feelings or sympathize with our people
in the extreme West who do not have that
class of people to tell them all about the laws.
Our people are engaged iu mining. They read
the newspapers and see what the laws are ;
and yet ray friends here, who live iu these
more enlightened communities, would deprive
them of that opportunity. My friend from
Vermont takes to the law intuitively and in-
stinctively. Although he has never studied it
as a profession, yet he has been so long en-
gaged in making laws that it has become sec-
ond nature to him. He knows what the laws
are going to be before they are enacted, and
can advise his intelligent constituents on the
subject. My people, not having representatives
so ready and able, will suffer if this amendment
should be adopted. They look in their news-
papers where, by law, it is provided that they
shall look to find the statutes of the country.
That is the only intelligence they get. It is
their guide; it is their direction; it is their
safety. If this amendment is to be pressed I
shall move to amend it so as to say that the
laws shall not be published in New England,
but shall be in all the other States; or, if that
is too broad, I will say that they shall be pub-
lished in two newspapers in each State aud
Territory west of the Missouri river; but I
should be glad if they were published in more.
Mr. HOWELL. I think probably there is
a better way of providing for this publication
of the laws than either of those suggested, and
one which borders somewhat upon the idea
suggested by the Senator from Rhode Island.
It is not necessary, nor does it meet the wants
of the people, that all the statutes passed by
Congress should be published in the news-
papers ; yet those that need to be published
should have a wider circulation and be more
generally accessible than they are under the
present system. Now I think a system might
be adopted—it would require a law, I suppose,
to put it into effect—whereby certain general
laws, to be selected by a commission or by the
Secretary of State, or some person duly author-
ized so to do, should be published at once upon
their passage in one paper at least in each con-
gessional district of the United States. That
might be done without increasing the expense
under the present system, and it would very
much increase the value of the publication.
There are, as has been said, a great many
laws published in the ordinary way in two
newspapers in each State, a knowledge of
