2340
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
internal revenue stamps in the thirteenth dis-
trict of Pennsylvania;
A bill (H. R. No. 1026) forthe relief of Mary
Ann Stonefield, widow of Benjamin Stonefield;
A bill (H. R. No. 1176) to provide for the
settlement of the claims of Archer N. Martin,
late assessor of internal revenue for the sev-
enth collection district of Pennsylvania ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1G64) for the relief of
Abednego B. Rowden, late second lieutenant
eleventh Tennessee cavalry;
A bill (H. R. No. 16GS) for the relief of
James Kock, of Saginaw, in the State of Mich-
igan ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1GGG) for the relief of Otis
N. Cutler, of Missouri;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 222) granting
condemned guns for soldiers' monument at
Fairmount Cemetery, Newark, New Jersey;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 224) for the
relief of Mrs. Margaret P. Robinson, of Ken-
tucky ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 225) for the
relief of Pardon Worsley.
SENATOK FHOM MISSISSIPPI.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
resolution reported by the Committee on the
Judiciary relative to the eligibility of Adalbert
Ames.
Mr. SUERMAN. Mr. President, nothing
was further from my intention than to say one
word in regard to the merits of this question ;
but as those of us who think General Ames
entitled to take his seat among u.s as Senator
from Mississippi seein to labor under the impu-
tation of being governed by partisan motives
in so voting, 1 deem it. due to myself to state
very briefly ihe grounds of my opinion.
I entirely disclaim being influenced in this
vote by any party consideration whatever. 1
have considered this question as a question of
fact entirely, not a question of law. Itdepends
on two or threo very brief statements, and my
decision was formed from the statements made
by tho Judiciary Committee in their report and
by the honorable Senator who opened the
debate in this case, not at all influenced by
political feeling.
There is really no question of law involved
in this matter. 1 admit in advance the state-
ment of tho law of the case precisely as it is
claimed here, precisely as my colleague stated
it very forcibly; that is, that to constitute in-
habitancy two qualities are demanded: first,
the actual presence of the body withm the
State, and second, an actual intent to reside
and remain and be an inhabitant there. Those
two things are requisite. Now, whether in
this case or not tliero is an inhabitancy is a
question of fact. It is not a question of law.
There is no dispute as to the law about it.
There is no difference in the authorities. If
this case were now before a court presided
over by my honorable colleague, and ho was
called upon as a judge to cbarga the jury, he
would submit this question to the jury simply
as a question of fact to be decided as such.
Mr. EDMONDS. Underwhatinstructions?
Mr. THURMAN. Will my colleague allow
mo 
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope I may be per-
mit,tedto finish. I shall be very brief.
Mr. THURMAN. Asmvcolleag ue is stating
what I would do, I trust he will allow me one
moment. When the facts are admitted it is a
question of law whether they constitute inhab-
itancy.
Mr. SHERMAN. If this case were being
tried before a court and jury, and my honor-
able colleague was presiding on the bench over
the trial of the case, he would instruct tho jury,
"Before you can find that General Ames is an
inhabitant of the State of Mississippi you must
find, first, that he was therein bodily presence,
and second, that he intended to remain there at !
the time designated when the question of his
inhabitancy arose.'' That is all he would leave
to the jury.
You may state and amplify these principles of
law, and we may admit them on the other hand;
but there is the whole question so far as the
law is concerned. We turn, then, to the facts
to see whether or not upou the law as it stands
General Ames was an inhabitant of Mississippi
at the time of his election. What are the facts?
The first fact is that he was there, bodily preS'
ent in the State of Mississippi. Gentlemen
say this is notsufficient. Concede that it is not
sufficient of itself; concede that tho presence
of no man in a particular State gives him of
itself a domicile and residence ; and yet I say
there is no difference between an Army officer
and any other man except in degree. The fact
that an Army officer is stationed in a particular
State I admit is no evidence .that he resides
in that State. Nor is there evidence sufficient
to show that anybody resides in a State in the
mere fact that he happens to be there for the
time being. It is only a fact, a part of the case.
But here it is conceded that General Amos was
bodily present for at least a yoar in the State
of Mississippi.
The second fact—and that is rather a matter
of implication than otherwise—is that he had
no residence elsewhere, and no property or
fumily to indicate a residence elsewhere. My
honorable colleague, if he were sitting on the
bench, would charge a jury that it required
much stronger evidence to show that a man of
family had changed his residence than a man
who when ho covers his head with his hat
covers his family. A bachelor may ramble
through the world and gain many residences,
and the law requires a very ditf'eront amount
of proof to show a change of residence on his
part than it does in regard to a man of family
who is tied down by the cares and wants of a
family. So as to a man of property, a man
who has a farm, a home, a fixed residence;
one who has a large estate ; it requires much
stronger proof to show that ho has changed his
residence than to show such a change on the
part of one who has no property.
In this case General Ames when he went to
Mississippi had no residence in the ordinary
sense of the term. He was born in the State
of Maine ; he was educated in the State of New
York; he has rambled over the United States
as an Army officer. I admit that in the absence
of all other facts the presumption would be
fliat he was still a resident of tho State of
Maine, although his father's family carried what
little residence he had in Maine to Minnesota
some years ago. General Ames, so far as the
evidence appears, is withoutproperty, certainly
without real estate; and he is also without a
family; he has not thegood fortune to be a man
of_ family. Consequently, a different degree
of evidence is required to show his change of
residence from what would be required in tho
case of a man having either family or property.
The third fact, and, indeed, the only thing
necessary to prove his inhabitancy, is and that
is admitted on all hands, that upon the election
of General Ames or before his election, upon
his nomination, he accepted the nomination and
declared himself to bo a resident of the State
of Mississippi. The evidence upon that point is
submitted to us in the report of the Judiciary
Committee which has been read. The only fact
that is necessary to be shown is that at the time
of his election, ten minutes, five minutes, ten
hours, two days, any length of time before
his election, he had made up his mind to cast
his lot and fortune, whatever it was, within
the territory of the State of Mississippi; and
here we have his distinct and positive evidence,
which is uncontroverted, and upon this point
mainly I rest my vote. It is contained in the
report of the Judiciary Committee. After
stating that he had beenm Mississippi and had
been urged by friends to become a candidate
for tho Senate, and that he hesitated about it
because it would require an abandonment of
his military life, he says:
"Finally, for personal and public reasons, I de-
cided to become a candidate and leave the Army.
My intentions wero publicly declared and sincere.
(/I'lio intentions thus declared wore not only to be-
come a candidate for the Senate, but to remain and
reside in Mississippi.")
Here is his actual testimony on his honor,
and I believe that on all hands is conceded to
be sufficient in this case in the absence of the
oath of anybody else ; here is the positive state-
ment of General Ames that when he accepted
the nomination, which occurred before the
election, he made up his mind to abandon the
Army and to reside permanently in Mississippi,
and ho had even gone so far as to make ar-
rangements for the purchase of property. Here,
it appears to me, the intention was complete.
Mr. BAYARD. If the honorable Senator
from Ohio will pardon me for a moment, I
would draw his attention to a further fact in
regard to that which affected me very much in
my judgment of this case. The statement of
General Ames was this: that he declared his
intention at the time when he became a candi
date to make his home in Mississippi. He was
then asked by the committee if he would have
made it his if he had not been elected. He said,
"I knew I would be elected." He was then
asked, "But suppose you had not been elected,
what then?" He replied, " Then it would have
been doubtful; I do not know."
Mr. SHERMAN. That reminds me of a
character in one of the stories of Dickens, 1
think. A certain lady was very anxious to
buy up old articles that were floating about,
and she thought that perhaps in some future
contingency it might be very well to have an
old lock in the house. That is the substance
of it. You may put any number of hypothet-
ical cases to any one of us. Suppose I was to
be asked, "In case a plague devastated the
State of Ohio will you remain a resident of
Ohio?" I would answer, "A plague cannot
devastate Ohio, because it is a healthy State."
Suppose then I were asked, "But suppose it
does," what would be my reply? I should
probably flee with the rest of the inhabitants,
and 1 should have to say as General Ames
said, "It may bo very uncertain about my
remaining in Ohio if a plague should devastate
tho State." But the actual fact is stated by
him that when he accepted this nomination ho
made up his mind to become a resident of the
State of Mississippi and to leave tho Army.
Mr. BAYARD. If he was elected.
Mr. SHERMAN. But ho says the election
was a foregone conclusion. This is a question
of intention; and where a man formed an in-
tention with a view to a fact that he knew to bo
certain, it is just as positive and just as final
as if the fact had actually occurred, because it
is a question of intention.
I have now stated the only facts on which I
have based my opinion; and if I have done
wrong, conceding ail the law which the Judi-
ciary Committee have given us, if I, on the facts
which they present to us believe that those facts
do, according to the rules of law they gave us,
establish on the part of General Ames an inhab-
itancy in Mississippi, then I am only a mistaken
jurymen, and those who do not agree with me,
if they are in a minority, must not be so stub-
born as to believe that all the rest of the jury-
men ought to have come to their opinion.
I admit the law as stated by my honorable
friend from Delaware, in substance; but I say
that the inhabitancy of General Ames is set-
u iby thre-° faC-tS )vh.icll.are admitted : first,
that he was in Mississippi in person ; second,
that he had no other residence and was not a
man of family or property to indicate a resi-
dence anywnere else ; and third, that he says
to us, and it is agreed by the Judiciary Com-
mittee, that that statement is true, that when
he accepted this nomination, and before his
eiection^he hadrnade up his mind to cast his
fortune in Mississippi. My honorable friend
from Wisconsin [Mr. Carpenter] shakes his
head. That is the language—I hare read it—
that he made up his mind to live in Missis-
sippi, and remain there and throw up his rank
