\w>
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
The Senator from Verm out also opposes the
bill On the ground that it makes provision for
a detail of soldiers to guard the grounds and
the building as a police. He has said further
that we had no vessels to spare. Now let me
bring to his attention one fact. The Govern-
ment sent during the last year to Alaska sol-
diers and vessels which have cost the Govern-
ment more than half a million dollars more
than they would if they had been retained at
San Francisco; and it would puzzle a Phila-
delphia lawyer to tell anybody what good they
have done in Alaska. They have been of no
service at all. If they coald be spared from
San Francisco to go to Alaska I think they
might have been dispensed with altogether.
Bnt, sir. if to be kept in service they may as
well be here as in Alaska.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I shouTd like
to ask the Senator one question, with his per-
mission.
Mr. PATTERSON. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask if they
have not demonstrated what fools he and I
were in voting fbrthe Alaska treaty ? [Laugh-
ter.]
_ Mr. PATTERSON. I am not disposed to
differ with my friend from Vermont; but I have
one virtue in that matter that he has not. I
made a speech against it if I voted for it, and
he did not even do that [Laughter.}
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
isvervmuch mistaken. I madea speech against
it and voted for it, just as he did. [Laughter.]
Mr. PATTERSON. Mr. President, an ob-
jection was urged against this measure the
other day by my friend from Nevada [Mr.
Stewart] which amused me somewhat. He
said that this was not a "place." He wasvery
anxious that Washington should become a
place at some day, and was willing to give it
all encouragement in his power to make it a
place. Well, sir, Nevada is a place. It is a
place that has got about fifty thousand inhabit-
ants, all told, while the District of Columbia
has got one hundred and fifty thousand.
Mr. DAVIS. Is Nevada a State?
Mr. PATTERSON. It is so represented on
this floor. More than that, sir, the District of
Columbia has paid revenue taxes into the
Treasury of the Government amounting an-
nually to S3,505,397 51. Nevada paid an
internal revenue tax last year of $1,550,675 40.
It seems that the District of Columbia paid
about three times as much as the whole State
of Nevada into the Treasury of the United
States, and still it is not a place, but Nevada
is a place! It has paid as much, within three
per cent., of internal revenue tax as the three
States of Kansas, Nebraska, and Nevada put
together.
_ Mr. President, I do not desire to take up the
time of the Senate in discussing this bill, which
I have no doubt will be set aside by the Sen-
ate ; but I wish to allude simply to the remark
made by my friend from Nevada that Washing-
ton is not a place. I think it is quite a smart i
place, and 1 know of no city in the United i
States that has made more progress in the last
half decade than the city of Washington. It is
growing rapidly; and the complaints which are
frequently hurled against this city and this Dis-
trict in both branches of Congress when appro-
priations of money are asked for its improve-
ment I think are unjust. I have been looking
into this matter somewhat in connection with
another subject, and I find that if the public
property in the city of Washington should be
taxed at the same rate at which private prop-
erty is now taxed the taxation would amount
to more than all the appropriations that Con-
gress haa made for the District. I mean to say
that taking the aggregate appropriations made
for the District of Columbia they are less than
the aggregate taxation would be upon the pub-
lic property in this city if laid at the same rate
at which private property is taxed.
Mr. SHERMAN. Will the Senator restate
his proposition ?
i Mr. PATTERSON. There seems to be a
misunderstanding as to what I mean. I mean
just this, that if all the appropriations which
have been made for the District of Columbia
by Congress were put together, and all the
revenue which would have accrued from the
taxation of public property in the District of
Columbia, if it had been taxed at the same
rate that private property has been, the aggre-
gate appropriations would be less than the tax-
ation. That is what I mean, and that is what
I know to be true.
I know more, sir; I know that all the appro-
priations of Congress have been less than the
interest on the money which came into the
Treasury of the United States from the sale
of lands which were given to the Government
by the original proprietors of Washington.
Ihat I know from actual investigation.
It may be said by gentlemen that the prop-
erty which was retained by these proprietors
increased in value. Is that any reason why
the parties receiving the gift should not pay
their part of the expense of administering gov-
ernment in this city and this District? If A
gives to B one half of his land upon which to
place a residence, and his own half is raised in
value thereby, is that any reason why B should
not pay his part of the expense of building
roads, and putting down sewers, and keeping
up all the improvements of the city? I think
not. I think if we treat the city of Washington
justly we should appropriate the public treas-
ure of the country to advance every proper in-
terest of the city and the District. Washington,
sir, is the capital of the Republic, and should be
an object of pride to us all.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I did not
intend to discuss this bill by saying anything
in addition to the views I presented when it
was before nnder discussion ; but inasmuch as
my friend from New Hampshire has seen fit to
attack Nevada I think that what he has said
demands some reply.
The fact is that 1 did not think of holding a
world's fair in Nevada. I admit freely that we
have places there where it would not be very
comfortable to hold a world's fair. I think,
however, the alkali plains there would be about
as suitable a place as Washington city for it. I
think my friend misunderstood my argument. |
I think he has underrated the importance of I
Nevada somewhat; but we shall have a census !
very soon and that will determine her popula- !
tion. I am surprised that any Senator should
hit upon Washington as a place for a world's
fair. What kind of an idea would foreigners
get of the United States by coming to such an
exhibition in Washington ? I think they would
get just about as false an impression of the
United States by visiting Washington as my
friend did of Nevada by passing through it on
a single line of railroad over the alkali plains.
If a person comes here to see such an exhibi-
tion as will be held in Washington, he will get
just about as poor an idea of the United States
from this specimen—this city and the surround-
ing country, which is almost desolate—as one
gets of Nevada by going over the alkali plains;
and it will be underrated just as much. It
would be humiliating to me if I should go I
abroad, to have my whole country so much dis- I
paraged as it would necessarily be from the ;
fact of having this exhibition here, just as it is j
humiliating to me that my friend from New [
Hampshire should have such a poor estimate 1
of Nevada from what he saw of it in pass-
ing through a portion of it on a railroad. I
want him to make a fair exploration, to see a
fair specimen of that State before he passes
judgment upon it; and so before the nations
of the earth pass judgment upon the United
States, I want them to have a fair specimen of
it, and to know what our people can do. It
we are to expend the money of the United
States for such a purpose, and I suppose it will
necessarily involve a great deal of money, I
Erefer that it should be spent somewhere else,
f we could bring the world together to see the
Mississippi valley so that they could have some
idea of the power of this great country, so that
they could see where mankind is to have a home,
where they could see that this country is capa-
ble of supporting teeming millions, I would
vote to expend a few millions for the purpose
and have a grand exhibition at Chicago, or St.
Louis, or some city situated where God haa
been most bountiful.
But suppose they come to Washington, to
communicate between which and tho North
there is but a single railway, which is hemmed
in by monopolies, the country all around
which has gone into decay, what will be the
result? I hope there will be a revival of pros-
perity in this region ; but do not bring peopio
here in its present condition of decay and ruin.
Then, in the city the streets are not paved. It
is the ugliest city in the whole country. Why
bring people here to exhibit to them what the
United States can do ? What is the object in
bringing tho world here? An exhibition of
this kind is to show off our grandeur, show off
our power, show off the capacities of our coun-
try, its capacities for producing everything
that will conduce to tho happiness of man.
That is what we want the world to see and to
feel.
There is no use in disguising the provisions
of this bill as to expense. If we pass any bill
for an exhibition, and invite the world here to
see Washington, we have got to prepare for our
guests, and I for one shall feel bound to vote
for appropriations enough to make the exhibi-
tion effective, and vote to build more railroads
to this place, and to pave the streets. We
shall have to spend some millions in that way
at once. If 1 was going into this job at all
I should not think of spending less than
$10,000,000 on this place. It would be humili-
ating to us as Americans to attempt to get
out of it for less. I would not invite the world
to an entertainment of this kind at all if it was
to be a mean one. Can any gentleman sup-
pose that this can be done cheaply if it is done
at all? If Congress passes any bill, takes any
step on the subject, it must come np to tho
grandeur of the American nation and the
American name. If you put such an exhibition
as this in the deserts of my State or in the
city of Washington or some other unsuitable
place, you may depend upon it you will expend
your money to no purpose. I think you had
better find a place that is suited by nature for
it, where the wealth and power of this great
nation are concentrated to some extent. Take
the great city of New York ; with very little aid
from the Government the citizens there could
bear the burden of exhibiting this country as
it is; but if you do not like that, go into the
prairies of the West, across the Alleghanies;
let the world see what this country is; let them
see what accommodations can be extended to
strangers.
As I said before, I am not hostile to Wash-
ington . I do not think it is the most improved
and the nicest place in the world. I think it is
sick and needs doctoring, and I am rejoiced at
the energy of the Committee on the District of
Columbia, and I hope that we may have it
doctored up so that it can live. I hope that
we may have more railroads built to Washing-
ton ; I hope we may make reasonable appro-
priations for improving its streets. If we im-
prove it in that way I am opposed to removing
the Capitol.
Mr. HAMLIN. Oh, let us vote.
Mr. STEWART. I am anxious to come to
a vote on this bill; but as I have spoken about
railroads I will say that my friend from Michi-
gan [Mr. Chandler] has a bill that will do
more for Washington than this exhibition, and
I hope that bill will be pressed to a vote at an
early day.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, I desire to say
a single word on this bill. If I understand this
proposition it can be stated in a word: here is
a long list of most respectable gentlemen, res-
idents of the city of Washington, who desire
