5172
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 4,
I do not'ask to give them power or
control. Full well do I know that there are
no millions of heathens or pagans, and no
other millions on this earth that can control
the institutions of this Republic. I know that
we stand too firm to suffer from any such con-
tact. Fearlessly we may go forward and wel-
come all comers, for there can be no harm
here; the heathens and pagans do not exist
whose coming can disturb our Republic. Worse
than any heathen or pagan abroad are those
in our midst who are false to our institutions.
"Millions of heathens and pagans!" Whence
are they to come? From China? But if they
come for citizenship, then, as I said this morn-
ing, do they give the pledge of loyalty to the
Republic ; and how can you fear them if they
enter your courts and with oaths and witnesses
ask to be incorporated with our citizenship?
Mr. STEWART. Allow me to ask the Sen-
ator if ho knows any way in which they can
give a pledge that they would understand as
binding on them?
Mr. SUMNER. Precisely as an English-
man, a Scotchman, an Irishman, a Frenchman,
a German, a Swede, a Dane, a Russian, or an
African may give a pledge; precisely as the
Senator may give a pledge. I have seen the
Senator go up to that table and take the oath.
The Senator is able. He knows that I know
that; but does the Senator suppose that he
surpasses in ability many of the Chinese who
might come here? Does the Senator suppose
that he feels more keenly the oath that he took
at that desk than a Chinese might feel it? I
am not speaking of those who may come over
here in enforced labor. I join with the Sen-
ator in effort to stop that. But I am speaking
of the intelligent Chinese, so well and satisfac-
torily described by the Senator from Missouri
[Mr. ScHtfRZ] this morning, who come volun-
tarily to join their fortunes with ours. Suppose
they come, where is the peril ? Sir, it is against
common sense to imagine peril from such a
source.
The Senator from Missouri has shown you
how slowly they must come according to the
natural order of things, how many decades of
years it must take before there will be a mil-
lion of them, while meanwhile our population
is swelling by unknown millions, so that when
we have a solitary million of Chinese we shall
have one hundred millions of intelligent Amer-
icans treading this continent, and yet the Sen-
ator from Nevada is afraid. "What! a soldier
aiid afraid!" What! a Senator of the Uni-
ted States anxious about a million of Chinese
twenty-five or thirty years from now absorbed
in that mighty one hundred millionswhich will
then compose our population. The Senator is
not in earnest; he cannot be. He was cer-
tainly excited in speech, if I may judge from
manner; but I really believe that in quiet
thought, reviewing this whole question, he will
see that he has hastily taken counsel of fear
rather than of reason. Let the Senator put
trust in the Republic, and those ideas which
are its strength and glory.
The Senator from Oregon wound up another
passage by charging me and those who voted
with me, particularly myself, with an intention
or with conduct calculated—I quote now his
own words—'' to put the destinies of this nation
into the hands of Josh worshipers." Sir, that
is a strong, pungent phrase; but is it true ?
Who here proposes any such thing? How can
Josh worshipers obtain eontrol of the desti-
nies of this nation? Will any Senator be good
enough to tell me? By what hocus-pocus, by
what necromancy, by what heathen magic will
these Josh worshipers obtain the great as-
cendency? Why, sir, it is to disparage this
Republic of ours, it is to belittle it when you
imagine any such thing. The peril exists only
in imagination ; it is an illusion, not a reality.
Then the Senator proceeded to denounce the
Chinese as imperialists and pagans. Pagans
perhaps, though Senators who have ever looked
into those books which have done so much for
the Chinese mind will hesitate before they use
harsh language in speaking of their belief. Has
any Senator read the system of Confucius,
uttered before that of the Saviour, and yet
containing truths marvelously in harmony with
those 'which fell from his lips? Throughout
this great, populous empire the truths of Con-
fucius have been ever regarded as we regard
our Scriptures. They are the lesson for the
young and the old, and the rule for government
and for rulers; they are full of teachings of
virtue. And yet the Chinese are called pagans I
Imperialists they may be while they remain in
China, for their ruler is an emperor. But what
are Frenchmen? Are they not imperialists?
What are Russians? Are they not imperial-
ists? And yet will any Senator rise here and
say that a Frenchman, that a Russian shall not
be admitted to naturalization? I take it not.
Of course the Frenchman, the Russian, and the
Chinese will begin by renouncing imperialism.
Therefore it is perfectly idle to say that ho is
an imperialist.
The Senator then blazed forth with a fulmin-
ation, "Let the people of Massachusetts know
that her Senator is willing that Chinese should
come to Massachusetts." Those were his
words. Well, sir, I think the people of Mas-
sachusetts know their Senator well enough to
be assured that he is willing to have justiceon
this earth. Let the gates of Massachusetts be
open always. God forbid that any system of
exclusion should find place there such as I
have heard vindicated by the Senator from
Oregon to-day. Be just to all men, and all
will be safe. The people of Massachusetts are
intelligent, generous, truthful; and they long
to see the great ideas of the Republic estab-
lished beyond change. They long to see the
Declaration of Independence no longer aprom-
ise, but a living letter. Therefore, it is per-
fectly vain for the Senator to flash to Massa-
chusetts that her Senator here is in favor of
justice to the Chinese.
The Senator says again that I am inviting
their competition. I make no invitation. That
is not my office. What am I, sir? I have no
power, as I have 110 disposition, to speak any
such invitation. My office is entirely different;
I stand here on the ancient ways—those ways
that were laid down by the fathers of the Repub-
lic, and where I wish forevermore to keep the
Republic sure. I stand by the Declaration of
independence. Sir, these are 110 ideas of
mine; 1 am speaking nothing from myself; I
am only speaking from the history of my coun-
try and from the great Declaration of the
fathers. That is all. I insist that at this day,
at this stage of our history, the statutes of the
land shall be brought into harmony with the
Constitution of the United States and the Dec-
laration of Independence.
Now, sir, I say that in those two great title
deeds of the Republic—and that is the term
by which I shall always designate them—one
interpreting the other, there.is no single word
which can sanction any exclusion on account
of race or color.
Here allow me to mention an incident. You
may remember, some of you, that during the
rebellion the question occurred whether a col-
ored officer ot the Army was entitled to pay.
The question came before President Lincoln,
and, at my suggestion, was by him referred to
the Attorney General, at that time Mr. Bates,
of Missouri. At the request of President Lin-
coln I called 011 Mr. Bates to confer with him
on his opinion. 1 did not know then how
strongly he inclined to what I will call the side
of justice. So I began my conversation inter-
rogatively, when he returned upon me, saying,
"Will you allow me to ask you a question?"
"Certainly," said I. Said he, "Mr. Senator,
is there anything in the Constitution of the
United States to prevent a negro from being
President?" The question took me by sur-
prise, coming from the Attorney General. I
replied, promptly, " Of course, Mr. Attorney,
there is nothing." " Well, you are right; of
course there is nothing in the Constitution to
prevent a negro from being President; how,
then, can there be anything to prevent a negro
from being an officer and receiving his pay as
such?" I replied at once to the Attorney
General that 1 thought he needed no sugges-
tion from me on that question. I left him;
and you may remember the opinion which fol-
lowed shortly after, in which he affirmed that
colored officers were entitled to pay in the
Army of the United States.
Sir, there is nothing in the Constitution of
the United States to prevent a negro from being
President. On the contrary, that Constitution,
interpreted as it must be by the Declaration of
Independence, opens the way to all men with-
out distinction of ra.ee or color. No, sir; I am
not the author of that doctrine. I had nothing
to do with it. I find it, and now simply pre-
sent it to the Senate. But presenting it to the
Senate, I insist that you shall see to it that the
existing statutes are brought in conformity with
the text of the Constitution and with the Dec-
laration of Independence; that is all. Strike
out the word "white," which nowhere appears
in the Constitution, and which is positively
prohibited by the Declaration of Independence.
That is what you are to do. So doing, you
will complete the work of harmony.
The Senator from Kansas [Mr. Pomeroy]
in that speech this evening, which to my mind
was in many respects exquisite, with most
beautiful thought and with unanswerable argu-
ment, has taught the Senate what I have said
again and again in debates in this Chamber
and in other places, that nothing can be settled
which is not right; and so tbis question will
never be settled until it is settled according to
the great principles of justice. Vainly you fy,
you cannot succeed. And now, sir, 1 do en-
treat Senators—I hope they will pardon me; I
mean to say only what it belongs to a Senator
to say—I do entreat Senators not to lose this
precious opportunity of completing the har-
mony of the statutes of the land with the Con-
stitution of the United States and the Declara-
tion of Independence. Only in this way can
you have peace. Let us have peace. Sir, I
tell you how you may have it. Adopt the
amendment which I have proposed, strike out
the word "white," and the harmony will begin.
The country will straightway accept the result.
But reject "that amendment, and you open at
once the floodgates of controversy. From this
time the debate will proceed, and what is said
here will find its echoes and reverberations
throughout the whole land and be returned to
us from the Pacific coast, never to die out until
the good cause pievails and all the promises
of the fathers are fulfilled.
Why, sir, the words of the Declaration of
Independence were not uttered in vain. Do
you suppose them idle? Do you suppose them
mere phrase or generality? No such thing.
They are living words by which this country
is solemnly bound, and from which it can
never escape until they are all fulfilled. Your
statutes cannot, contain any limitation which
inflicts an indignity upon any portion of the
human family.
Therefore do I entreat you, Senators, do not
lose this precious opportunity. It conies to
you now unexpectedly, perhaps, but what is
there in life more golden than opportunity,
whether to country, to community, or to indi-
viduals ? It is what each of us covets as he
treads along the highway of the world. It is
what we covet for our country. Here, sir, you
havegolden opportunity. CJseit. Use it wisely;
use it bravely; use it so that you will secure
peace, harmony, and reconciliation. Beauti-
ful words ! All these are within your power
if you now let it be known that you will stand
by the Declaration to the end. You cannot
suffer; there can be no peril, no harox from
any such dedication ; nothing but gain. All
