84
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December II,
tricts. In order to obviate all this I shall at
the proper time offer an amendment, I with-
draw the pending amendment.
Mr. HOAR. I move the following- as a sub-
stitute :
Amend by adding to section seventeen as follows:
Provided, That when any enumeration district
shall consistofimore than tenmiles square theSuper-
mtendent of the Census may, at his discretion, allow
to the enumerator such actual and necessary travel-
ing expenses as he may have incurred, iii addition
to the other compensation provided herein.
I will say, in explanation of the amendment,
that it permits the superintendent of the cen-
sus to allow such necessary traveling expenses
as he shall deem fit to the enumerators in any
district which exceeds more than ten miles
square, or where thoy are not able to sleep at
home during the discharge of their duties.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 41, noes 70.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. Fitch's amendment was then adopted.
Mr. PAINE. I move, to add to the section
the following proviso:
Pj-roicfa&.That the Secretary of the Interior shall
reject any.demand for compensation under this act
which sliaU'in hi3 judgment bo fraudulent or ex-
cessive.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CULLOM. 1 move to insert the follow-
ing in line twenty-five, after the word "paid
And where an appointment has been made to sup-
ply a vaeancy arising in the office of enumerator an
equitable allowance shall bo m ade for work done and
accepted by:each person so employed, whether by
original appointment or to supply a vacancy.
The amendment was'agreed to;
Mr. CREBS. Believing, as I do, that eight
dollar's per day is ample remuneration for the
services to bS rendered by the district superin-
tendents under the provisions of this bill, and
to obviate any possibility that extra compens-
ation may be granted them, I offer as an amend-
ment, after the word "day," in the third line,
the words "and he shall receive no other
or further compensation for any services per-
formed by him under the provisions of this act,
and that," &c.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. ' I propose to amend by
inserting after the word "enumerator," in the
eighth line, the words "and fifty cents for
every one liundrfed persons by him enumer-
ated,"
Mr.-WIIaSON, of Minnesota. I cannot think
that the proposition offered by the gentleman
from Missouri can fail to increase the com-
pensation of the enumerators. He proposes to
give.fifty cents per hundred for all the names
enrolled, upon the ground that this will be an
inducement to enlarge the enumeration dis-
tricts and diminish the number of enumerators.
I cannot see that this will be tho case. The
ariiount which each one would get under this
provision would be so small in proportion to
his whole pay that I think it would have no
influence whatever in lessening the number of
enumerators. Suppose an enumerator enrolls
four thousand men in a month, he would by
this amendment be entitled to receive twenty
dollars'extra, which is no great sum for an
individual. But when you multiply this sum
of twenty dollars by the whole number of fifteen
thousand enumerators, you will find that the
expense of taking the census will be increased
by a total amount of $300,000. I cannot allow
this provision to-be inserted in the bill without
at least my protest being uttered against it.
Mr. MAYNARD. I beg to offer a substitute
for the amendment of the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Benjamin,] and send it to the
desk to be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
In line seven strike out "four" and insert "three;"
and in.Iine eleven after "enumeration" insert "and
each special deputy and enumerator shall also be
allowed as additional compensation for his services,
after the rate of ten cents for each person enumer-
ated, and for each farm fully returned ten cents; for
each establishment of productive industry or mer-
cantile establishment fully taken and returned fif-
teen cents; for each return of a fishery, or of any
corporation or institution concerning which inform-
ation is required by this act fully taken and reported
fifteen cents; and for each name of a deceased per-
son returned two cents: Provided, That in nialnng
returns of farms and establishments of productiv e in -
dustry, and of corporations and institutions and of
the commercial and social statistics required by this
act, the instructions of the Secretary of the Interior
must be strictly observed, and no allowance shall be
made for any returns not authorized by such instruc-
tions, or for any returns not limited to the year next
preceding the day in which the census is directed to
be taken."
Mr. MAYNARD, I desire to call the atten-
tion of the committee to this amendment for
a moment. The compensation proposed is
precisely the compensation that the present
law, the act of 1850, allows, with this differ-
ence, that instead of giving mileage at the rate
of ten cents a mile by the highly artificial
method that is presented in that law, it sub-
stitutes the sum of three dollars a day for
expenses. The other items are precisely copied
from the law of 1850—two cents for each
inhabitant, two cents for each deceased per-
son, ten cents for each farm, and fifteen cents
for each establishment, &c.
The law appointing these enumerators is
almost word for word copied from the act of
1850, which directed the census to be taken
by the United States marshals. The marshals
were required to divide their districts into sub-
districts of convenient size, and in each one
of those sub-districts to appoint an assistant
marshal, who corresponds precisely with the
enumerators provided for in this bill, and they
were to be paid according to the system pro-
vided for in sections twelve and thirteen-of the
law. There was no constructive pay except-
ing mileage, and I have omitted that in my
amendment, and in lieu of all mileage propose
to give them three dollars a day to cover their
traveling and other expenses. I will not re-
peat what I have already said. The measure-
of compensation is specific and definite, arid
there can be no construction possible except
in regard to the per diem, and that would be
equally applicable to the bill as it now stands.
But if the pay is in proportion to the amount
of work done, there can be no doubt. It is a
mere matter of calculation.
It has been suggested that paying in this
way would be an inducement to the enumer-
ators to make returns of fictitious persons—per-
sons who do not exist. I submit that the dan-
ger does not lie in that direction. The danger
is that men will perform the work in a careless,
slovenly manner, a':d will not enumerate all
the persons that actually live in their districts.
Unless there be a stimulus to hunt them up
they will be not only apt, but almost certain to
do so. And if our next census should fail to
show a correspondence in the increase of our
population and our industry such as we have
been accustomed to expect it would be a result
at which we will all be greatly mortified. And
then, as my friend from Missouri [Mr. Ben-
jamin] has well said, if this feature is incor-
porated in the bill you will, take away the
inducement to cut up your congressional dis-
tricts into an infinitely large number of small
sub-districts. Every enumerator will be inter-
ested in having just as large a district as he
can properly attend to. Instead of increasing
the total of compensation it will, in my judg-
ment, prove to be a measure of economy.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment to the amendment!; and it was rejected.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Benjamin ; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. JENCKES. I move to strike out the
last word of this section for the purpose of
making an inquiry. The committee have pro-
vided here for a rejection of the returns of the
enumerator when they are incomplete or in-
sufficient. Have they, made any provision for
retaking them when any returns have been
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The whole matter
is left on this ground: one half the pay is with-
held until the returns are properly taken; that
implies that they will be properly retaken.
Mr. JENCKES. Itdoes not provide for any
particular time for retaking these returns if
they are not properly taken in June. f with-
draw my pro forma amendment, and offer the
following as an addition to the section ;
And whenever the district superintendent shall
reject the'return of any special deputy or enumerator
as unsatisfactory he shall report that fact to the Sec-
retary of the Interior, and thereupon the said Secre-
tary may in his discretion extend the time within
which'the duties of such special deputy or enumer-
ator maybe performed, and either direct tho district
superintendent to. refer such report back to such
spccial deputy or enumerator for revision, or direct
and authorize the district superintendent to appoint
a new special deputy or enumerator to perform the
duty of special deputy or enumerator whose report
has beenrejected; and the now officer thus appointed
shall take tho same oath and perform the duties in
thesamemanner as required by this act of the officer
originally appointed, and within the- time limited by
the order of the Secretary of the Interior-
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I see no objec-
tion to the gentleman's proposition unless it
increases the pay,
Mr. JENCKES. It has no effect upon the
pay. :
The amendment was agreed to..
Mr. JENCKES. In order to make this sec-
tion, correspond with the prior sections, I move
to amend by inserting the words "special dep-
uty or" in the places where necessary, as I
will indicate to the Clerk..
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection
this amendment will be regarded as agreed to.
There was no objection.
The Clerk began the reading of section eight-
een, when
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, said: Mr.
Chairman, as it is Saturday afternoon, I move
that the committee rise in order that we may
adjourn.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I trustthegentle-
man will allow the reading of the bill to pro-
ceed till amendments are offered.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I believe
I must insist on my motion.
The motion was agreed to.
The Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr.
Dawes reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, pursuant to
order, had had under consideration House bill
No. 424, to provide for taking the ninth census
of the United States, and to fix the number of
members of the House of Representatives and
to provide for their future apportionment among
the several States, and had come to no resolu-
tion thereon.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that this
be reprinted, so as to indicate the amendments
already made.
The motion was agreed to.
SAMUEL IX/MOORE.
Mr. MUNGEN, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 504) for the relief
of Samuel H. Moore, late a private in company
G, fifty-seventh Ohio veteran volunteer infan-
try; which wa,s read a first and second time,
and, with Accompanying papers, referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
TRIAL BY 3DRY.
Mr. KNOTT, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H.. R. No. 505) to amend the
existing laws of the United States in relation to
trials by jury in the Federal courts; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
CONTESTED-ELECTION CASES.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House papers in the contested-
election cases of Barnes vs. Adams, from Ken-
tucky, and Switzler vs. Dyer,from Missouri;
which were referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions.
And then, on motion of Mr. BUTLER, of
Massachusetts, (at three o'clock and twenty
minutes p. m.,) the House adjourned.
