1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2341
in the Army. That is what I understand by
this testimony.
Mr. BAYARD. Will it interfere with the
honorable Senator to allow me to make a sug-
gestion to him?
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all, except that
it is prolonging my remarks beyond what I
intended.
Mr. BAYARD. As tending to throw some
light upon this matter, which is for the judg-
ment of the Senate, allow me to suggest that
sr. seems, according to the evidence in thiscase,
that this party had intended to acquire some
property based upon his prospective election
and settlement. It was altogether a prospective
election. The thing 'was entirely a matter in
the future; but he never did, and I believe has
not yet completed those arrangements. They
still remain in abeyance. The only member
of the Judiciary Committee who has advocated
his claims to a seat, when called upon to give
Lis reasons why General Ames did not com-
plete these pecuniary and property arrange-
ments he was making there, scates, " I suppose
the excitement of the contest before him pre-
vented his completing the arrangements." So
it would seem that although it might be in some
sense a certainty that this election was going
to be carried out, and that that Legislature
which he had collected there would do his
bidding in the business, yet at the same time
there was some excitement about it, showing
that there was some uncertainty which pre-
vented him from attending to the completion
of his business arrangements. It exhibits the
frame of mind in which the party was at that
time, I think, about as completely as any other
fact in the case.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Constitution of the
United States required that a man should be a
property-holder before he became a Senator,
then the question as to whether General Ames
intended to buy property or not might be ma-
terial ; but it is not. The only question is as
to whether he was an inhabitant of Mississippi
when he was elected. A man may be an inhab-
itant without having land or property, or even
a wife or children. The simple question is
whether he was an inhabitant, and whether he
intended to buy property; whether he did buy
property, or whether he got married in Missis-
sippi or anywhere else is not a question that
is at all pertinent to this inquiry.
Now, Mr. President, I confess that if this
question was whether a military officer, charged
with the high powers and important duties that
General Ames was charged with, should be
allowed as a matter of theoretical right to hold
the office of Senator from that State, I would
say most clearly and definitely, no; and if there
was any law which would justify us in exclud-
ing a man elected in the State of Mississippi
from holding an office because he had great
power, if he had exercised it, to control the
election, I should vote to exclude General
Ames. The argument of the honorable Sen-
ator from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] undoubtedly
was the only impressive one to my mind. That
was that it is against public policy to allow a
man having such enormous power as General
Ames bad over the elections of Mississippi to
become a candidate for the Senate. But there
is no law under which we can exclude General
Ames on this ground.
If there were any facts tending to show that j
General Ames improperly used his power as a :
military commander to control the elections
in the State of Mississippi, and so secured his
own election to the Senate, I would exclude
bun on other grounds than those now made,
because he obtained his election by improper,
illegal, and corrupt means. If an allegation
was made in this case, not that General Ames
had the power to do it, but that he attempted
to use his power for a bad purpose, to control
the elections so as to secure in the Legislature
friends instead of adversaries, I would con-
sider that a sufficient reason for excluding him;
but there is no such allegation. My honorable
friend from Kentucky himself must admit that,
so far as the record shows, the conduct of
General Ames in the election was fair, honor-
able, and just, precisely in accordance with his
duty under the reconstruction acts. There is
no ground for any allegation of improper con-
duet against General Ames.
These are all the considerations which influ-
ence my mind; and now I regret very much
that my honorable friend from Delaware should
take exception to a remark I made the other
day. He objects to my having complained that
the debate on this proposition, which to my
mind is a very simple one, should have been
prolonged beyond two or three days; and he
seems^ to think that we who are in a large party
majority are controlled by political considera-
tions; and he speaks of us as a dominant party
being about to perform an act which is entirely
useless even for our own good.
Now, sir, it does not make any difference to
the Republican party whether General Ames
is admitted from Mississippi or not. I would
not turn my hand on this question either way,
in a political aspect; but I do not like to hear
these reproaches from our political adversaries,
that we are controlled by political motives.
Sir, it would be one of the wonders of his-
tory if the Republican part}', which has man-
aged the affairs of this country now for ten
years, should have been in the main guided not
by political motives. But what is the spectacle
every day presented in the Senate ? The Re-
publican party is broken and divided; we
separate and differ, sometimes on one side and
sometimes on the other. Where is there any
such evidence of consideration and difference
in the Democratic party? Give me the vote
of one and I will record the whole of them ;
but, on the other hand, the Republican Sena-
tors consider, differ, divide, sometimes equally,
on a great variety of propositions. They
give consideration to arguments and to facts;
but I am afraid, when you come to examine
the record of our Democratic friends, you
will find that they vote as a party, as a unit,
as a whole. I remember a little scene that
occurred in the House of Representatives in
1860, when one hundred and seven well-organ-
ized Republicans always voted together, and
when the first name was called on the roll you
knew that you would find the whole one hundred
and seven there. I remember on one occasion a
high-spirited southern man who listened to
catch the first name that was called on the list,
and as he heard the name—I think it was Ab-
bott—called, and the word "ay" pronounced,
he said, using an oath which 1 will not repeat,
"Put down one hundred and seven ayes."
That was the party strength, and that is the
way with our Democratic friends here now.
They never separate; they never divide; they
show the true tactics of party management,
while the Republican Senators, on account of
their strength, divide perhaps oftener than is
necessary. I have often thought that we should
settle a great many matters better by talking
them over a little among ourselves than by
bringing our divisions before the public.
I wish to disclaim utterly for myself, and for
others who will vote as I do—I do not know
how the vote will stand—that we are controlled
in this matter of General Ames by any party
consideration. I do not see any party advan-
tage to be gained by it: and if there was any
just ground for the exclusion of General Ames
1 should be perfectly willing to vote for it;
but on the facts presented to us by the Judi-
ciary Committee, I feel bound to say that the j
inhabitancy of General Ames at the date of
his election is made outsufHciently, and I con-
sider myself bound therefore, without any feel-
ing in the matter, to vote to admit General
Ames, simply because he comes in all respects
within the requirements of the Constitution,
and we have no right as Senators to exclude
him because we may think that an Army officer
under these circumstances ought not lo be
elected, or that somebody else ought to have
been elected, or for any reason whatever; and
I have no doubt other Senators are governed
by the same views and the same ffeelines.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I feel
quite confident that the Senate will agree with
me in my agreeing with the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Shekman] that he and those who will vote
with him cannot justly be accused of being in-
fluenced by any considerations in favor oft.be
prosperity of the Republican party, because
nothing that they can do will do it any greater
injury, in my judgment,, than precisely that
kind of voting. So he can take it to be as-
sumed that all who vote in favor of overturn-
ing this report of the Judiciary Committee
on this question of law cannot be accused of
doing it for the purpose of advancing the in-
terests of their party. It is the most unselfish
and unpartisan line of conduct that could pos-
sibly be adopted. So far, I am sure the Senate
will by unanimous.
Now, the question is—and I do not rise to
discuss it at any length, because it has been
largely discussed and more ably than I could—
whether in point of law and fact General Ames
was an inhabitant of the State of Mississippi
at the time he was elected ; and we are forced
to decide that question because the Constitu-
tion of the United States declares that we
shall be the judges of that question. The Con-
stitution of the United States did not leave
that question to the Legislature of Mississippi,
as that Legislature seems to h-ave thought it
did in undertaking to dictate to us by its reso-
lutions what we ought to do ; it left it to us, and
the Judiciary Committee were weak enough to
suppose when these credentials were referred
to them, that the purpose of the Senate was
to take the opinion of the committee upon
that question, as a question of constitutional
law and construction, and we were weak
enough to suppose that the Senate desired that
we should give it the benefit or the injury of
our honest opinion upon that point; not to
report to the Senate what we might wish, but
after careful study of the authorities, and in-
vestigation, to report to the Senate what we
thought as to the truth of the law and the fact
involved in the case. So we acted.
1 confess, however, that I expected on this
same unselfish and unpartisan ground, when 1
voted in committee against the right of Gen-
eral Ames to a seat, that the committee would
be overruled. A friend of mine, who sits near
me, since I have come back has told me that
it is useless to talk anything further about the
question, because it is already decided. I sup-
pose it is. I thought it was decided when I
voted in committee, because, to tell the plain
truth—and I do not intend to lecture any body,
though I dare say I am guilty of that quite as
often as anybody—I felt cxactly as I see my
friend from Ohio feels, that this is far from
being a party question. We know that it will
not do the Democratic party the least injury
to admit this gentleman, and that it will not
do us the least good, as we do not need his
vote. We are so strong that we are apt un-
consciously—and I use the word ''uncon-
sciously" with a purpose, and sincerely—to
decide such a question in advance of consider-
ation, and then attempt to find reasons in the
nature of argument for supporting the decision
that we have jumped at in advance before we
have carefully and impartially considered this
mere question of dry law, as it is nothing else.
So 1 say I expected, and 1 expect now that
a majority of this body would overrule the re-
port of the committee on this investigation,
upon the ground that it being so far from any
question affecting party, and being practically
,! a question of so little importance, many Sen-
ij ators will have said to themselves, " Why, here
!j is this gentleman, irreproachable in character,
ij excellent in habits, a man of good political
j| views, coming from <1 good political State, ono.
!i where is the use of sending him back on what
ij my friend from Massachusetts would term ' a
| mere technicality?' Why should this great
