1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1397
to be incorporated, with an opportunity of ex-
pending their own money to get up a national
exhibition. Upon that proposition we are told
that Washington is not a tit place; and my col-
Jeanne says it' the great city ot' New York would
attempt it he would be for it. Sir, the answer
to that is that the great city of New York does
not attempt, it, and the great city of Philadel-
phia does not attempt it; but persons residing
iit the capital of this nation, the city of Wash-
ington, do attempt it; and as a guarantee that
they are in earnest about it they desire and
mean to bo made personally responsible for
ail the indebtedness they shall incur.
It is strange to me that this bill should meet
wiih opposition. Stranger still is the ground
of my colleague, that the streets of Washington
are not paved, and that hence there should not
be an exhibition here! Sir, I do not know
whose fault it is that the streets of Washington
are not paved; but the streets of Washington
are quite as well paved as the grounds that
surrounded the Paris international exhibition.
There were no pavements there upon the ground
where the building was located, and that was
quite as muddy as any portion of Washington
is if it should happen to rain.
But, Mr. President, what I desired to say
was that I am sorry to hear the honorable
Senator from Ohio and the honorable Sen-
ator from Vermont declare that this was going
to involve the nation in a great expense,
when there is exceeding care taken in the
bill to guard against it. My friend from Ver-
mont says that the ships of war to carry these
goods will cost a great many millions dollars.
I hope my friend from Vermont is not un-
willing that the nation should aid a little with
the material it has on hand in the undertaking
to give a great national exhibition.
There is, likewise, opposition made to a
square of ground being appropriated for the
use of the building; and, above all, the Sen-
ator from Vermont stands aghast at the ex-
pense of the military guard around it while it
is being constructed and during the exhibition.
Why, sir, the soldiers are here; they may as
well guard that as be doing nothing. But sup-
pose it should be known throughout the length
and breadth of this land that a company of
soldiers were occupied for a year or a year and
a half in guarding the property exhibited in
the great national exhibition, where is the man
among the Senator's constituents, where is the
man among the constituents of my colleague
and myself, who would not say that they were
well employed, and that it was a proper em-
ployment?
Mr. President, it seems to be a natural and
common thing in modern times to throw a
fling at Washington whenever any question
comes up involving a smail appropriation for
anything connected with Washington. Sir,
there is not a capital on the face of God's
earth that can present to domestic or foreign
eye so fine an appearance, so far as its Capi-
tol and public buildings are concerned, than
the city of Washington. Nowhere in old Europe
is there such an edifice as this in which we
stand ; and in old England, where her Capitol
hag stood for centuries, it is dwarfed in the mag- j
nificenceofour own. I dislike to hear my col- j
league, especially, trying to belittle Washing- I
ton in answer to the effort of the Senator from j
New Hampshire to belittle Nevada. Sir, I
have no desire to belittle anything, and I am
proud of the capital of this nation, and I can
say to my colleague that it compares well with
any capital in the knows world; and therefore
Jet it be understood that if this bill is to be
defeated it does not, necessarily follow that we
are to belittle in the eyes of the world the capi-
tal of our own nation.
Mr. President, I think this bill ought to
pass. If it is a resurrection of Washington it
is what my colleague wants. If it is to build
up Washington everybody that I have heard
speak here, except the Senator from Vermont,
ought to favor it. True, he publicly declares
that he is not willing to do anything to make
this a great city. Sir, I would make Washing-
ton a great city, and if I had it in my power I
would make it as good as great. But I do not
understand the philosophy of the Senator from
Vermont when he publicly declares here that
he has no desire to make Washington a great
city. Sir, there is no place on the continent
so beautifully located for a great city as the
city of Washington. I know that she formerly
entombed herself with that institution which
hung like an incubus about her neck for half
a century; but the incubus is off, and Wash-
ington has had and is having a new birth. I
take it that it should be the pride of every Sen-
ator and every Representative of this nation
in either branch of Congress to magnify, build
up, improve, and create here what ought to
have been done years ago, a great city around
these magnificent buildings of the nation. Sir,
that day is coming.
Here is a water-power that if the eyes of
European manufacturers could rest upon would
make ashamed all New England enterprise by
taking hold of it and improving it; a power
sufficient to drive ten thousand times ten thou-
sand spindles with a velocity that would make
the head of the Senator from Vermont giddy
in watching their revolutions ; and yet he does
not want to do it because New York city has
proved a failure in republican institutions.
Sir, it is not so. I know New York as well
as the Senator from Vermont. New York has
proved a temporary failure because her insti-
tutions and her interests have fallen into cor-
rupt hands; but if New York would exhibit
half the life that the people of Washington
seem to exhibit in originating this enterprise,
and if her highly respectable men would rise
up and seize the scepter from the rascals who
hold control of her interests, New York would
have a new birth ; and Washington, properly
governed, will never fall into the error that the
city of New York has. Sir, I would go for an
appropriation, if it was necessary, to have this
exhibition in New York, or Philadelphia, or
Chicago, or St. Louis, that my colleague sees
with such glowing glasses at the present mo-
ment. I have no envy of Chicago or St.
Louis. I have a pride in the city of Wash-
ington as the capital of this nation. I have
pride in it because it was planted here by
Washington himself, and his very footprints
can be seen all around it. I have a pride in
the glory of the city of Washington, because
all around it, on every height, lie the bones
to-day of fifty thousand of the flower of our
country. Associations cluster around it that
can cluster around no other capital in any
other place on this continent. It is sacred. It
has been defended by the brave and loyal.
To the citizens here who ask you to allow
them to take this burden upon themselves it
seems to me a poor reply, if you mean to incite
a spirit of energy and life in Washington, to
say that you will not grant this humble privi-
lege. Sir, I do not see what the honorable
Senator from Ohio sees in this bill, an obliga-
tion to expend millions of money. I see that
carefully guarded against. Nor do I share in
the prophecy of evil of the distinguished Sen-
ator from Ohio or of my own colleague.
Sir, these people do not ask a dollar. They
do ask to be made personally responsible for
their obligations. I share in the spirit of en-
terprise of this people. I would do everything
to encourage it. Ay, sir, even if it did cost
the nation a little money, I would incite them
to this enterprise that is to make Washington
great and memorable and known. My col-
league need not be afraid that when he goes
abroad anybody will laugh at him about the
capital of his country.
I hope, sir, that this bill will pass. If the
honorable Senator from Vermont wants to
strike out the clause allowing ships engaged in
the service of the country to carry anything to
this exhibition let him strike at it. The energy
of this people as it is presented here will over-
come that obstacle. Let him amend it and
strike out that section, so that our revenue-
cutters cannot carry anything. Let our custom-
houses be store-houses temporarily; or, if the
honorable Senator from Vermont is afraid of
that expense, let the goods be stored some-
where else; but for the sake of decency I
would respond to these people in the spirit
they have asked it, give them an opportunity
to spend their money, and attract attention to
the capital of our country.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I have read
this bill for the first time since it has been laid
on our tables, and am amazed at the opposition
to it. What is the bill? It is to authorize the
people of the District of Columbia to hold a
show, or fair, or industrial exhibition in this
city. Jf such an application were made to the
legislative authority of any State in this Union
on behalf of the most insignificant town in the
State it would not be denied by any legislative
authority in the United States. We are here
the sole law-making power for the District of
Columbia. No corporation, however insignifi-
cant, can be chartered without our consent.
No combination of individuals for a lawful
purpose can bo made except by our vote.
Hero the citizens of the District, who can have
no laws except such as we make for them,
come to us and ask us for the privilege of asso-
ciating themselves together to hold an indus-
trial show in this city, and we deny them that
authority! Mr. President, it is only on illus-
tration of the unjustness and harshness of Con-
gress in its treatment of the people of the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Suppose such an application as this were
made on behalf of the city of New York to the
Legislature at Albany, does anybody suppose
that the Legislature of New York would dare
to deny the city the authority ? Suppose such
application as this were made on behalf of the
people of Cincinnati to the Legislature at Co-
lumbus, do you suppose the Legislative Assem-
bly of Ohio would dare refuse the city of Cin-
cinnati the authority to hold a show within the
limits of that city?
Mr. THURMAN. That is not precisely the
question. Would the State of Ohio appro-
priate millions of money out of the State treas-
ury for that purpose ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, that is the
question. Not one dollar is appropriated by
this bill out of the Treasury of the United
States. The Senate and the House of Repre-
sentatives are the legislative authority of this
District. The citizens here, the men of prop-
erty, substance, character, enterprise, wealth ;
the laboring men ; all classes of citizens unite
together in asking for authority to hold a show.
They do not ask for money ; not a dollar. On
the contrary, with, I think, remarkable liber-
ality, they have raised one or two million dol-
lax-s.
I am not prepared to say that thiswill be a
good enterprise, that it is the best thing in the
world for the city of Washington ; but the citi-
zens wish to try the experiment of, for the first
time in this city, having a fair. There is not
a city of twenty-five thousand inhabitants in
the United States but has held these fairs.
But my colleague says they ask money.
They do not, according to my understanding.
They ask for a limited authority of taxation,
to the extent of three fifths of one per cent.,
to be paid by themselves on their own prop-
erty, and only after a vote of the people who
are to be taxed. They ask no money from
the national Treasury. They ask for author-
ity to use an empty square of ground ; accord-
ing to the designation made by the Senator
from Maine, a miserable empty place in iront
of the President's House, and all they ask the
Government to do is to improve it, to level it
and grade it that it may be fit and decent for
an ordinary exposition. If there is any pro-
vision which calls for an appropriation of the
public money I should like to see it. I have
looked for it in vain.
