86
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
entered in February, 1850, upon a certain waste
and unappropriated tract of land lying on Puget
sound, and improved and cultivated the same;
that there were no surveyors or land offices in
the Territory at the time; that a notice was
served on him by 1 he agents of the Hudson Bay
and Puget Sound Agricultural Company to quit
his Cilann, on the ground that they claimed the
land occupied by him by virtue of the treaty
of 1846 between the United States and Great
Biitain ; that he laid the case before the then
President of the United States, who advised
him to remain in the States until the matter
was settled; that it has only recently been done
by the international commission, and praying
for relief in the premises ; which was referred
to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
, Mr. SPENCER presented two petitions of
merchants, traders, business men, property-
holders, and other citizens of Mobile, Alabama,
praying that the light-houses which formerly
existed within the bay at Choctaw Point and
its mouth on Sand Island and Mobile Point
may be restored and improved, such means of
security to navigation being greatly required by
the commerce ot the port; which were referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BOREMAN presented the petitions of
John Staples, ofthe county of Patrick, William
Martin, of the county of Henry, and Asa Dick-
inson, of Prince Edward county, in the State
of Virginia, graying for the removal of their
political disabilities; which were referred to the
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
Mr. COLE presented resolutions of the
Chamber of Commerce of San Francisco, Cali-
fornia, asking aid to facilitate communication
between that city and China and Japan, by the
establishment of more frequent mail commu-
nication ; which were referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. FERRY presented the petition of Wil-
liam J\ Gould, of Augusta, Georgia, praying
for the removal of his political disabilities;
which was referred to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities."
Mr. CASSERLY presented the memorial
ot the regents of the University of California,
praying for the amendment of existing laws
granting lands for the support of colleges for
the benefit of agriculture and the mechanic
arts, so as to better secure the object in view
when the original grant was made j which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
He also presented the memorial of Samuel
'' ■ Butterworth, praying Congress to release him
and the heirs ot Arnold Harris from a judg-
ment obtained against them as sureties on the
bona of a defaulting postmaster; which was
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
IUSP0RTS 01? COMMITTEES.
Mr. CARPENTER. I am instructed by a
majority of the Committee on the Judiciary, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 281) to
perfect the reconstruction of the State of Geor-
gia, to report it back with an amendment in the
ft viwo substitute ; and also to report back
the bill (S. No. 3) to enforce the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution and the laws
of the United States in the State of Georgia
and to restore to that State the republican gov-
ernment elected under its new constitution, with
the request that the committee be discharged
from its further consideration.
Mr. MORTON. I desire, if it jg in or(jer
to submit certain amendments to the bill just
reported with regard to the reconstruction of
the°bfiia' 3 ^ t0 'mVe t^em Pr'nte(^ with
The VICE PRESIDENT. They will be
ordered to be printed.
TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(ts. Wo. 298) to relieve members of Congress
worn importunity, and to preserve the inde-
pendence of the different Departments of the
Government, reported it with an amendment.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 31*2) to remit the duties on a bronze fount-
ain presented to the city of Cincinnati by
Henry Probasco ; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Finance,
and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 31S)
to amend the charter of the National Junction
Railway Company; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CONKLING asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 314) repealing all laws authorizing the
transmission of matter in the mails free of post-
age ; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 815) to provide that officers of the Army
detailed to act as superintendents and agents
in the Indian department shall give bonds as
disbursing officers; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 316)
to provide for the payment of pensions quar-
terly ; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Pensions, and ordered'to
be printed.
Mr. CARPENTER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 317) in regard to the resignation of judges
m certain cases; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
318) to regulate the importation of immigrants
under labor contracts; which was read twice
by its title, and ordered to lie on the table, and
be printed.
Mr. SCOTT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce abill (S. No.
319) to extend the time for presenting claims
for additional bounties; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, and ordered to be piinted.
Mr. CORBE1T asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
^20) to fund the maturing debt of the
United States by a self-funding bond: which
was read twice by its title.
Mr. CORBETT. I move that the bill be
printed and laid on the tableand at a future
day shaH call it up and explain it.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. OSBORN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
321) to provide for a building suited to the use
? j. . '30s'' the revenue officers, and the
judicial officers of the United States in the
city of Jacksonville, Florida; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Co.mmittee on
1 ost Offices and Post Roads, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. HAMLIN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
Wo. 822) to establish a probate court in the
District of Columbia, and for other purposes •
which was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 323) to authorize the establishing of a
navy-yard at New Orleans ; which was read
w ICe,b?its.tltle' referred to the Committee on
JNaval Aflairs, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 324)
to declare forfeited to the United States certain
lands granted to aid in the construction of rail-
roads m the States of Alabama, Mississippi
Louisiana, and Florida, anil for other pui poses •
which was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CASSERLY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 325) amendatory of an act entitled ''An
act to further provide for giving effect to the
various grants of public lands to the State of
Nevada," approved June 8, 1868; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee onPublic Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CORBETT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 326) to establish a department of Indian
affairs; which was read twicc by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. ANTHONY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 75) in relation to the
printing for the use of the Department of State
of additional copies of documents emanating "
from that Department; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee, on
Printing.
SPANISH GUN-BOATS FOB CUBA.
Mr. CARPENTER. I offer'the following
resolution:
Resolved, That, in the opinion of tho Senate, the
thirty gun-boats purchased or contracted for in tho
United States by or on behalf ofthe Government of
Spain to be employed against tho revolted district
ot Cuba should not be allotted to depart from tho
United States during the continuanco of that rebel-
lion.
I desire to have the resolution laid on the
table to day, and wish to give notice that if it
be agreeable to the Senate I shall move for
its consideration to-morrow and ask to be
heard in its support.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will lie on the table. The Chair will state to
the Senator from Wisconsin that the Chair has
been informed'that the death of one of the late
Senators, the Senator from Maine, will be
announced to-morrow.
Mr. CARPENTER. I thought that was to
be on Wednesday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands it will be to-morrow.
ARRANGEMENT OF STATUTBS-AT-LARGE.
Mr. CONKLING submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tho Committee on the Revision,of
the Laws be instructed to inquire whether the mode
ot printing, paging, indexing, arranging, and bind-
ing the statutes of the United States, under the con-
tract tor that purpose, ought not to be altered and
improved.
SHAWNEE LANDS.
_ Mr. ROSS submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tha Secretary of the Interior is
hereby directed to report for tho information of tho
Senate copies of all papers on file in his Department
relating to the disposal of the tract of land in Kansas
known as the Black bob" Shawnee reservation;
and he is requested to suspend proceeding in the
premises until congressional action can bo had in
relation thereto.
JURISDICTION' OF CO CUTS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate last
week postponed a bill presented by the Senator
fro™.Missouri [Mr. Drake] until one o'clock
or this day. The morning-hour business seems
to have been concluded; although the morning
hour has not fully expired. There is no other
business before the Senate at this time unless
orsome other bill shaii be called up.
Mr, DRAKE. I move to take up that bill
now. r
2 he motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 274) further to define
ana regulate the jurisdiction and powers of the
courts of the United States.
