4230
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
.circulation is now $59,244,000 less than before
the war. We may say in round numbers that
it is $80,000,000 less than before the war,
although the demands in the South and in the
Southwest are greater now than then. We
have added four million population, who have
become independent citizens, handling their
own money, and who require, as a matter of
course, a greater amount of circulation than
formerly. And now, since those States had
then $59,244,000 more circulation than they
have at present, why do we refuse to grant
this addition to the currency now, since their
working and business population is greatly
increased? In fact, the whole amount of the
proposed increase is not as much as will make
the South and southwestern States equal to
what they had before the War, and what they
should have to-day, taking into consideration
the increased population and the increased
demand for a greater circulation.
Another question comes up. Gentlemen
say, '"You cannot take this currency in the
West and South; you cannot do anything;
you are destitute of capital. We have all the
money in the East in the older States, and you
cannot take this bank capital." I tell those
gentlemen that they are very greatly mistaken
about this. It can be taken. In the grow-
ing city in which I live, and which has now
$1,800,000 of banking circulation, we could
take as much more in one month. Chicago
could take $6,000,000 more, and St. Louis the
same. New Orleans could take $15,000,000.
Memphis could take $1,000,000 more. Nash-
ville could take $2,000,000. Louisville could
take $3,000,000. This could be taken all over
the West and South, rapidly, in the smaller
cities and towns. There would be no difficulty
about it. It would not be two months before
all would be absorbed and set afloat in healthy
business channels—not in the channels of spec-
ulation, but iu the channels of healthy, legit-
imate business. These places are in sore need
of the banking facilities of our national system,
and feel, by reason of their absence, a check
upon their enterprise, activity, and growth.
The chairman of the committee has used as
an argument against any expansion of the cur-
rency or any addition to the circulation, that
there is no use in our passing such a measure
because the Senate will not pass it. But I say
if the Senate does not pass this bill, they and
tho House will pass another bill. I tell those
gentlemen who are holding on to tho existing
circulation with an iron grasp that if a bill of
this kind, giving additional circulation and
banking facilities, is not passed, a bill making
a general redistribution of the currency will be
passed. One thing or the other will be done.
We have no hostility to the citizens of the
older States. We do not want to reduce their
circulation. Wo are willing for them to keep
every dime they have if they will only add
enough to the circulation of the country to
accomodate those now in sore need. We do
not ask a single dollar to be withdrawn from
your circulation in the older States if you will
allow us currency equal to the amount you now
have.
Mr. INGERSOLL. That is true.
Mr. COBUR.N. But so far you will not
redistribute, will not allow us a new issue, you
stand in the way of every effort we make to
get United Slates notes or banking circulation.
Is this fair?
1 uesiie to say a few words on the last sec-
tion of the amendment which I have offered.
Jt provides that $44,000,000 of United States
bonds shall be substituted in place of the three
per cents. Now that does not add to the active
circulation of tho country one dollar. It does
not. put out one dollar of United States notes
:d v. Inch men in the name of the Supreme Court
can strike. Bat it will save the Treasury
$1,350,000 a year. Why should we not save
that much? Why should we not substitute a
note bearing the promise of the Government
to pay, without interest, to lie in the vaults as
a reserve instead of one bearing three per cent,
interest? If any oue can give a sound, sensi-
ble reason why that should not be done I would
like to hear it. '
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOTCHKISS. It is a very singular
spectacle in this country when we have a bank-
ing system and a bank circulation superior to
any that we have ever had before; a system
under which no man lias lost one dollar ; a sys-
tem that has passed through greater perils than
any other banking system in this or any other
country was ever exposed to, having survived
the wreck of nearly half of this Union, while
nearly two thirds of the whole Union have been
laid waste by war, and met all the wants of the
people—I say it is a singular spectacle which
is presented to-day, when both political parties
are criticising that system and quarreling with
it. If this does not furnish food for reflection
I do not know what could do so.
And now, Mr. Speaker, I propose simply to
state my position in relation to the bill before
the House; and that is a very difficult matter, for
it is a bill brought in under duress. The com-
mittee were ordered to increase the currency
without expandingits volume, and to diminish
it without lessening its volume. They certainly
had a critical duty to perform, and I am the
last one to complain of the manner in which
they have performed it. I think they did better
than could have been expected of them.
The bill gives §95,000,000 of currency in
plaec of three per cent, certificates, which is
equivalent to withdrawing greenbacks from
circulation. In so far as national notes arc
preferable to greenbacks, this is a good pro-
vision. The further provision of section two
of the bill looks to the retirement of green-
backs, which is well and meets my hearty con-
currence. The bill further provides for a new
bond, bearing an interest of four per cent.
This does not belong to a currency bill, and its
introduction here is calculated to antagonize
this bill to the funding bill, and is, therefore,
not a desirable provision.
Section five forces national banks to surren-
der their bonds arbitrarily, and without refer-
ence to whether due or not due by their terms,
and enforces the demand for their surrender by a
threatened violation of a solemn contract made
with the banks of the country, under which
contract the capital of the country was invested
in national banking. This provision 1 regard
as not only unwise, but unjust.
Section seven provides for free banking upon
the terms of a resumption of specie payment.
This provision meets my approbation, and
presents tho only safe mode of equalizing the
paper currency circulation of the country. It
holds out an inducement to capitalists to return
to specie payments ; and this question is in their
hands alone. The talk about Government
resuming specie payment is delusive. The
Government acquires money only through tax-
ation, and must pay out such money as it
receives. It has no power to pay its debts in
coin until capitalists voluntarily placo coin
within its reach, unless by such forced meas-
ures as no party will at present resort to.
We should therefore make it for the interest
of the capitalists to unlock their vaults and
place their specie, not upon the market, but
in the hands of the business men and tax-
payers of the country. Tho Government can
then pay specie, and resumption will be com-
plete.
The demands of the West and South for a
just share of banking circulation can be fully
met by making banking free. The banking
business would then be transacted in their
midst, and capital would be located m com-
munities wherein it could be usefully employed.
It would not be diverted into other channels,
nor removed to other localities, for the simple
reason that the coin of the banker is the basis
of his paper, and his paper will return to its
base for redemption and reissue.
It is a simple proposition which will bear
examination, and if the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Ingersoll] will give this matter his
attention he will iind that by natural processes,
by business processes, will the wants of the
West be met without interfering with the Bast.
On the subject of greenbacks 1 wish to say that
it would be no favor to the West to increase
their issue. It would be the worse for them,
and not only worse for the West, but worse tor
the Bast.
Now, let us examine for a moment the effect
a greenback currency would have upon the
West. The currency is in the hands of the
capitalists. The capital of the West does not
consist of that which they can convert into
money and use there without aid from other
localities. What the West wants is capital
employed in its midst. Now, whenever the
crops of the West are to be moved forward
to New York, the great market for them, the
greenbacks go out from that city to the West,
where they are used in the purchase of crops
and their movement to the coast, and then the
greenbacks return to the coast, and so they have
money atthe West periodically; wheneverthere
is a movement of what they produce there is
money there; and all the rest of the year they
are without money. The effectof that is to make
money periodically scarce iu the East, and that
fact is an invitation to a panic ; not because
there is any necessity for a panic, not because
there is not money enough left for all the pur-
poses of business ; but because it furnishes the
pretext for a panic. The people are told that
so much money has been withdrawn, that the
money market is tight, and then the rate of
interest is increased, and the result is a finan-
cial stampede.
It is like going into a community and taking
away one half of the able-bodied men of that
community, and then saying to thein, " one
half of your effective force has been taken
away; you must be careful." And although
there are enough left to protect all the inter-
est of that community, the people become
alarmed and fearful of impending evils.
There was no necessity for agold panic in New
York last September. That matter has been so
much discussed, it has been so much investi-
gated, and at the same time so much lias been
kept out of sight of the real causes that pro-
duced that panic, that it is not worth while for
me to refer to it now to any great extent. But
it was a clamor got up on the occasion of
money being sent to the West to move its crops
to the markets of New York, when those crops
should have been moved by money located
where the crops were raised.
Whenever we adopt that simple method we
will have solved the whole difficulty. The
trouble about this question is that financial
doctors think itso important to obtain distinc-
tion for themselves that they are continually
tinkering with the finances. The greenback
has all the habits of coin, all its inconvenience,
and but few of its benefits. Like coin, it seeks
the sea-board and the commercial centers, be-
cause of its coin character, arbitrarily conferred
upon it by the Government; and when it once
finds its way to the sea-board there is no cause
that will take it back, except periodically, to the
points where it is most needed. Tho private
banker parts withit, and lias no further responsi-
bility ; it goes beyond his reach and beyond the
reach of the borrower.
The banker who loans his own credit in the
form of national bank notes must redeem his
credit. His loan is to the producer ; and the
productions facilitated by the loan go to the
sea-board, and by natural processes in turn
enable the banker to redeem his notes and
again put them in circulation. The idea is
that they must go back to their base. They
are but the credit o!' incorporated wealth, the
credit of these bankers, and they go back for
redemption to the paities that issued them.
And they will circulate in the community
where the bank is located. And when the
W est opens its eves to the simple fact that what
