1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1399
bring together the products of the industries i
of the world, but where there is also a good
market with a fair prospect of selling them. If
^on cannot do that, people will not be inclined
to carry them there, for they do not contribute
them merely lor the purpose of exhibition,
bat. to a great extent also, for the purpose of
■J.'.?DOsing of them.
Finally. London and Paris are the greatest
centers of all varieties of attractions. Thou-
ksndsand thousands of people went there duriug
tl)0«e exhibitions, not for the purpose merely of
looking at the exhibitions themselves, but for
the purpose of seeing those cities.
Now, let us see what the result of these ex-
hibitions has been, and on this point T have
collated a few statistical facts.
There was, first, the London exposition of
1851. The total capital contributed for car-
rying on that enterprise amounted to £400,000.
or 82-000,000 in gold. The profits realized
were £85,000, exclusive of the amount realized
from the sale of the building. But it must not
be forgotten that the first London exhibition
was carried on upon a much more economical
footing than ever an exhibition has been held
since, and at the same time it had the charm
of novelty so as to attract people from far and
near to an extraordinary degree.
The second exhibition was held in Paris in
1855. The total outlay was 23,000,000 francs
or $4,000,000 in gold. The total income was
3,000.000 francs; so that the loss amounted
to 20,000.000 francs, or $4,000,000 in gold,
exclusive of the fine exposition building which
was left as a monument of the great fair.
The third was the London exhibition of
1802. A charter of incorporation was issued to
royal commissioners. Thomas Baring being
one of the members. Under these auspices
a guarantee fund of £455,000, or $2,275,000, in
gold was formed and was sianed by one hun-
dred and fifteen persons. Upon the security
of their deed the Bank of England advanced
the money for the erection of the building and
for making the necessary preparations for the
exhibition itself. The entireamountreceived by
the royal commissioners during the exhibition
from all sources was£448,031, or $2,243,155, in
gold. The expenses of the commissioners
would have been £400,000, or $2,300,000, in
gold, but the contractors for the building can-
celed the amount of £11,000 due them in
order to enable the commissioners to square
up their accounts.
Therefore, the exhibition of 1862 cost almost
exactly what it produced. No demand had to
be made on the guarantee fund on the one
hand, and on the other hand the exhibition,
with all the advantages of precedent, expe-
rience, and locality, left the commissioners
without any part of the building in which the
exhibition had been held and without any other
property arising from it, and also without any
cash balance. The building reverted to the con-
tractors, the funds at disposal being exhausted
by the sum agreed upon for a mere rent of
the palace.
Finally, there was the Paris exhibition of
1867. It was undertaken by the Government ,
with outside assistance. Twenty-four million '
francs, $4,GOO,000 in gold, were required to
start the enterprise. Of this the Government, 1
cautioned by the experience of 1855, gave only
6,000,000 francs ; another 0,000,000francs was j
contributed by ihe city of Paris, and the re- j
raaining 12,000,000 francs were subscribed by
private individuals under the condition that they !
be reimbursed from the first receipts. The
balance-sheet has been kept most studiously
private, but it is certain that neither Govern-
ment nor cily ever expected to receive one
farthing in return after the colossal building,
which, exclusive of the necessary grading, had
cost 10,000,000 francs, or $'2,000,000 in gold, ;
was sold for 1,500,000 francs at public auction.
These are the four European exhibitions, ;
of which we perceive that only one, the first j
one, was a financial success. That first one >
was most economically conducted, and having
the charm of novelty, it enjoyed greater advan-
tagesthan ever an exhibition enjoyed after that.
Now, compare the advantages of Paris and
London, in spite of which no financial success
could be achieved, except in 1851. with those
of Washington. What is the population of
this city? To be sure, it is very respectable
and estimable; there are some families here
living upon independent fortunes; but most
of the population consists of boarding-house
keepers, hotel proprietors, a small number of
tradesmen, and the officers, clerks, and other
employes of the Government—all, 1 repeat,
very respectable people, to be sure ; but cer-
tainly very inconsiderable in numbers, and
nobody will assert that this population can con-
tribute anything worth mentioning to the suc-
cess of such a tremendous enterprise. It must
be borne in mind that the success of an exhi-
bition of this kind depends in a very great
measure, perhaps mainly, upon the support it
receives from the resident population and those
living within easy reach.
I have seen some statements in Washing-
ton newspapers that they expect live million
people to visit the city of Washington during
this contemplated exhibition. Now, sir, what
do you think was the number of people that
came from a distance to see the exhibition of
1867 in Paris? The number of travelers arriv-
ing in Paris during the exhibition, in the second
and third-class carriages of the railroad lines
leading into that city, was four hundred and forty
thousand. It is well known that in Europe peo-
ple do not travel as generally fir8t-elass as they
do here; but assuming that the number of first-
class passengers was about half that conveyed
by the other classes, and this estimate is cer-
tainly too high, it would give a total of six
hundred and sixty thousand people who arrived
in Paris from a distance to view the great
international spectacle, and yet there are per-
sons here so extravagantly sanguine as to speak
of live million people about to congregate here
and that, too, in a country infinitely less densely
inhabited, and with traveling facilities infin-
itely inferior.
It is an established fact, then, that the success
of an exhibition of this kind rests in a very
great measure, if not mainly, upon the resident
population, and not upon those who come from
abroad. And what are the chances of the
world's fair at Washington in this respect?
Secondly, compare Washington with Lon-
don and Paris as to accumulated wealth. I do
not think it necessary to say a single word about
that.
Thirdly, as to its being a center of com-
munications. When we speak of our railroad
system in Washington we say "the railroad,''
and everybody knows what we mean; when
1 we speak of the depot we say "the depot,''
and everybody understands us to mean that
one place where the omnibuses congregate
three or four times a day. These are the com-
munications of Washington, and I think I need
not say another word about them.
Now, as to trade and industry. I wish gen-
tlemen to show me a single city in the United
Slates of the size of Washington, or even half
as large, where there is less of trade and indus-
try than there is here; where there is less chance
for those who come to exhibit their goods, the
products of their industry, to sell them, than
there is in this out-of-the-way corner. I do
not want to disparage Washington ; but the fact
is of importance and must not be lost sight of.
Not to speak of New York or Philadelphia,
let us take Baltimore, Boston, Cincinnati,
Cleveland, Pittsburg, Chicago, or St. Louis,
there is not a single city of any pretensions
on this continent which, in that respect, would
not be vastly preferable to Washington for
holding an international exhibition.
Now, as to other attractions. It is true we
have very fine Government buildings ; it is true
we have historical associations, and those his-
torical associations mav now and then induce
a sentimental traveler to come here to see the
house where Congress holds its session, or to
see the place where President Lincoln was
assassinated, and so on ; but do you think that
they will insure the success of an international
exhibition? Do you think you can fill the
pockets of those wiio invest their money i n such
a gigantic enterprise by referring them to tour-
ists who run after "historical associations?"
Mr. President, it seems to me that whil 
London and Paris united all the advantage*
that possibly can be united to make an inter
national exhibition a success, in Washington
you do not find a single one of them. Peoph
speak of contributing $2,000,000 toward thi*
enterprise. Why, sir, there is no amount of
money that can possibly be collected which
would make an international exhibition a sue
cess lftre, for this place lacks all the advan-
tages which are absolutely required to save
such a tremendous undertaking from disastrous
failure.
The cost of exhibitions is a great deal larger
than it was when they were first attempted.
People will no longer be satisfied with the
somewhat modest arrangements of 1851, in
London. At the international exhibition of
Paris, in 1867, the area of ground covered bv it
glass roof was forty times as large as this na-
tional Capitol. I have already stated the cost
of the structure; it cost 10,000,000 francs, oi
$2,000,000 in gold. And now I wish you to
observe that at Paris wages are paid at the rati-
of six francs, or $1 20 in gold a day; while
here you would have to pay every workman
employed in erecting such a structure at least
$2 50, if not $3 50 a day. In France all the
material required for such a building cost at
least fifty per cent, less than it would cost
here. And yet people speak, as of something
grand, of $2,000,000 to get up here an exhi-
bition to compete with the great world's fairs
of Europe. And it must do that, if it is to do
credit and honor to this nation at all. Is it
not what the Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Sumner] would call a " monstrous pre-
posterosity ?''
Now, sir, if there is anything certain it i-s
that this company, which asks for incorpora
tion and for the countenance of the American
Government, would break down before finish-
ing the enterprise, and then, I ask you, who
would have to pay the cost? It will not do to
say that no appropriation is now asked for.
The Senator from Ohio indeed tells us that in
fact the twelfth section of this bill, which
makes it the duty of the Secretary of State to
put himself in communication with all the Gov-
ernments of the world, does not mean much,
and we can strike it out. Is this so? If we
strike out this and the other provision which
places the custom-houses of the country at the
disposal of the International Exposition Com-
pany, will not the whole international scheme
fall to the ground ?
But what if we leave it in? Does not the
twelfth section virtually take the enterprise out
of the hands of private persons to make it a
great national business? Here is the Secre-
tary of State, the representative of our foreign
policy, who is to instruct all our diplomatic
and consular agents to put themselves in com-
munication with all foreign Governments, to tell
them that we are to hold a great international
exhibition of the industries of the world here
at the seat of the national Government, and
that he in the name of the American people—
for such is virtually the intent—invites the
nations of the world to come and be repre-
sented here ; and still the Senator speaks of it
as a private enterprise ! Certainly, as soon as
we adopt a programme like this we involve
the credit, we involve the honor of the Amer
ican people in the undertaking; and if i'
threatens to become a failure for want o!
means, who will have to step in to save it?
I repeat, the failure of the scheme is, as I
look upon it, absolutely inevitable, for there is
not one of the conditions of success to be found
