1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4231
they want is not greenbacks, but the owner of
the wealth who controls the greenbacks to
locate in their midst, and there to prosecute
business with his wealth, they will then solve
the difficulty and have all the money they want.
The difference between the private banker who
deals in greenbacks, and the banker who locates
himself in the community and establishes his
bank there and prosecutes a legitimate and an
honorable business there, is as broad as is the
difference between the itinerant vender of
Boston notions and the merchant prince who
locates in the West and builds up a town by
the facilities he affords to the people there, by
the encouragement he gives to industry there,
by his power to move their crops to market
and to return to them the avails of their pro-
ducts.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOTCHKISS. 1 desire a few minutes
longer.
Mr. WARD. I move that my colleague
[Mr. Hotchkiss] be allowed five minutes
longer, for he very seldom troubles the House.
No objection was made; and leave was ac-
cordingly granted.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. One word upon a sub-
ject that is much discussed here, the redun-
dancy of the currency at the Bast. From the
tenor of many of the remarks made in this
House one would think it a crime for the East
to have wealth. Who is injured by the wealth
of the East? The rising tide of wealth at the
Bast overflows the West, building its railroads,
enhancing the value of its property, furnishing
facilities for moving its products to market,
builds up its towns and beautifies its country,
supplies the merchant with his goods and the
agriculturist with his implements.
In answer to this intimation that the East is
too wealthy, too prosperous, I say that the
West is the field where eastern capital goes to
make itself prosperous and to extend its bless-
ings. If the West will let us have our way
we will furnish them still more blessings; we
will provide them with all the currency they
want.
Volumes of financial literature upon this
subject are showered upon us by doctors of
finance ; but none of them show that a reduc-
tion of currency or credit at the East could by
any possibility remedy any evil in any other
section of the country. And this petty war-
fare upon eastern wealth will bo as fruitless of
good as a like outcry against the advancing
ami receding tides of the Atlantic.
Mr. Speaker, in the brief time allowed for
discussion I cannot undertake to present my
views fully on this subject; but the substance
of them is that we must have free banking
untrammeled by restrictions, while made per-
fectly safe. Under these conditions there is
no more danger of a redundant currency than
there is of redundant merchandise. The mer-
chant who has the money to purchase his goods
and have, them in store can do no injury so
long as he sells them for pay ; and it will do
no harm to the purchaser who can pay for them.
All these questions are regulated by laws which
are above the reach of Congress, above the
reach of legislation—laws that rise higher than
any arbitrary enactment we can make to ham-
per commerce and wealth.
I do not expect, and I suppose no one ex-
! peels that this bill is to become a law, and I
trust that no bill will become a law until we
s have unrestricted free banking; for such a sys-
* tem will confer upon the country, in a com-
mercial point of view, more blessings than all j
} the other systems of finance ever adopted in i
* this country. When our eyes are all open to i
  that fact the West will join with us; we can all
} join hands and silence this clamor against the
& Kcpublican parly.
* I Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. TOWNSENI). Mr. Speaker, I listened
yesterday with a great deal of pleasure and
interest, "to the able and exhaustive speech of
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] tiie
chairman of the Committee on Banking and
Currency. I listened very attentively to his
preliminary remarks concerning the functions
of bank notes and of bank deposits, and I
heartily agree with the theory he entertains
concerning what is properly to be called cur-
rency. But so far as respects this bill I am
sorry to say that I cannot coincide with him;
and I particularly object to the fifth section of
the bill, which proposes the adoption of coer-
cive measures toward the national banks now in
existence. I am opposed to that section which
proposes to require these banks after a certain
length of time and under certain contingencies
to surrender their six percent, bonds and take
instead of them as a basis for their circulation
the four and a half per cent, bonds provided
for in this bill. That I consider to be a matter
of bad faith toward those most effective and
admirable institutions ; effective for the great
good of the country, and admirable with refer-
ence to the amount ofgood currency which they
have afforded to the people, and which has saved
us that large amount of money that was form-
erly paid in the shape of discounts on depre-
ciated paper. I say, therefore, that in my
opinion we would be acting in bad faith toward
those institutions if wo adopt the fifth section
of the bill.
Let me recall your attention to what was the
condition of affairs in 18G1, after the battle of
Bull Bun. Mr. Speaker, at that time your
predecessor in that Chair and the members
around him were trembling with apprehension
lest the very next breeze that came from the
South should bring the boom of Lee's cannon;
and it was then a question of doubt in many
minds whether within a few days the stars and
stripes might not be torn from their placc above
the Speaker's chair and Jefferson Davis occupy
that chair witii the " stars and bars " above him.
In that great emergency, when the country was
reeling under the blow of the South, you felt
the need of urgent and strenuous measures
to raise men and to arm and equip tliem in
order to send them to the battle-field to fight
for the integrity of the Union. You had 110
money. The Administration which had just
gone out had degraded the credit of the nation,
which could scarcely borrow a dollar, and
your agents went throughout the land asking
and soliciting at the hands of the people that
they should lend you money wherewith to arm
and equip the armies called out for the de-
fense of the Union. You turned your atten-
tion to the banks, and you solicited them
to lend you the moans you desired, and what
was the answer? In the fall of 1801 the New
York banks poured into the coffers of the
Government $150,000,000 in gold. They emp-
tied their coffers into the hands of the Govern-
ment to enable you to send forth those armies
which eventually restored the integrity of the
Union.
And during the war, when you needed more
money, you called again and again upon the
people, and they became exhausted and were
tired of administering to your wants, and you
called again on the banking institutions to
render you aid. Finally the financial wisdom
of that astute Secretary of the Treasury, Sec-
retary Chase, induced the banks to enter upon
a new financial system which enabled them to
furnish the funds which you needed, and at the
same time to provide a sound and safe medium
of circulation for the people of the country.
He persuaded them to come forward. He used
alt the arguments in his power to induce them
to surrender the charters under which they were
then making ten or twelve or fifteen per cent, j
in gold. He offered every argument possible j
to induce them to come under the provisions i
of the law which lie framed, and which was :
soon thereafter enacted by the Congress of the
United States, and is now known as the national j
banking law. Une by one, as they became con- j
vinced of the necessities of the nation, urged J
on one side by patriotism and on the other by i
selt-interest, they accepted the law. i
Now, what did you promise them then? You
told them, if they accepted that law. you would
give them a charter for twenty years. You
told them that you would issue bonds at the
rate of six jier cent,., payable in gold, upon
which their circulation should be based. You
told them, if they would purchase those bonds,
you would allow them ninety per cent, circu-
lation on all bonds which they might, deposit,
and enjoy that privilege uninterruptedly for
twenty years.
But it will be said that at the end of the law
there was a section by which you reserved to
yourselves the right to change, alter, amend,
or repeal the act. So you did; but if you
attempt to alter, amend, or repeal the act, it
must be done for just or sufficient cause. The
object of that section was to be as a shield
for the defense of the people against the banks,
and not as a sword to destroy the banks. It
was intended to bo used to correct any irreg-
ularities in their conduct, and was so applied
on one or two occasions by supplemental acts,
as in the law to prevent loans on United States
notes, and the act preventing the certification
of checks, unless based on actual deposits. I
say, so long as these banks act in good faith
towards the people and the Government, so
long as they furnish a good, sound, safe-circu-
lating medium, so long as they redeem tlieir
notes in that kind of currency such as the law
provides, it would be not only unwise, but it
would be a breach of good faith on the part of
the Government to require them to surrender
six per cent, bonds, many of them not due
until 1881, and take four and a half per cent,
bonds as provided in this bill; that they should
give up a bond to-day worth 114 iu the mar-
ket, and drawing six per cent, interest in gold,
and take another bond the value of which is
unknown, but worth certainly not over $100,
and bearing twenty-five per cent, less interest
than the bonds which they now hold and upon
which their currency is based.
1 affirm, therefore, that this House owes it
to itself and owes it to them, that it owes to.
good faith, that it owes to the banks and to the
people, that we shall not impair the obligations
that we entered into seven years ago.
And besides all that, the Government cannot
afford to bo unfaithful. It is to-day going, or
when some one of the different bills that are
now in progress for the funding of the national
debt are enacted into laws, this great nation
will go into the market of the world and ask
that its loans may be taken up at a lower rale
of interest. And with what face can you go
before the people of Europe and ask them to
trust you at any rale of interest, when they can
turn round and show to you that you have been
unfaithful in your contracts with your own cit-
izens? I say, then, that it is unwise, that it
is inexpedient, and that it would be grossly
unjust if the House should pass this bill.
These banks, what are they? Gentlemen
upon the opposite side of the House are accus-
tomed to call their stockholders "bloated
bondholders." They are in the habit of say-
ing that the owners of them are men who are
fattening upon the products of the industry
of the poor men of the country. Who, then,
are they? The stockholders of those sixteen
hundred banks number now two hundred and
twenty-five thousand individuals. That small
number of people, less than a quarter of a
million, have furnished to the Government
of the United States more than five hundred
million dollars, more than one fourth of the
present bonded debt. And the United States
Government to-day holds in its hands some-
thing like three hundred and eighty-one mil-
lion dollars of the money of those two hundred
and twenty-five thousand people. But they are
bloated bondholders! t repeat, who are tney I
Lot any gentleman who thinks that the stocK-
holdeis are rich men, living on the labors of
the poor, ask the question of the hank that is
nearest to him who are the stockholders, and
he will find that one third, or at all events
