1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3287
The next Amendment ni in the appropria-
tions for the Treasury Department, to strike
out in lines three hundred and sixty-four and
three hundred and sixty five ''nine heads of
divisions, at $2,600 each;" after "assistant
messenger," in line three hundred and seventy,
to insert "$720;" and to reduee the appro-
priation in lines three hundred and seventy-
one nnd three hundred and seventy-two from
$•290,840to $271,060; so as to makethe clause
from lines three hundred and sixty-one to three
hundred and seventy-three read :
For compensation of theSocretarr of the Treasury,
IS,')*): two Assistant Secretaries of tlio Treasury, at
|3 oOOeacU; chief clerk. $2,200; forty-nine clerks of
c'asj four, additional to one clcrk of class four as
disbursing clerk, thirty clerks of class three, twenty -
til clerks of class iwo. twenty-seven clerkj of class
one; thirty-two female clerks, at J900 cach; eleven
messengers, one assistant messenger, at $720; and
ten laborers; in all $271,060.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the appropria-
tions for ''the construction brancli of the
Treasury," after "dollars," in line three hun-
dred and seventy-six, to strike out " each;in
line three hundred and seventy-nine, before
"clerks of class four" to strike out "two"
and insert " three; " and to increase the appro-
priation in lines three hundred and eighty and
three hundred and eighty-one from $'26,740 to
§28,540; so as to make the clause from line
three hundred and seventy-four to line three
hundred and eighty-one read;
In the construction branch of the Treasury: for
supervising architect, assistant supervising archi-
tect. chief clerk photographer, $2.50); two assistant
photographers, one at $1,600 and one nt $1,200; three
clerks of class four, four clerks of class three, three
clerks of class one, and one messenger, $23,540.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the clause
making appropriations for the " superintend-
ent'sbranch otthe Secretary's office," to strike
oat in lines three hundred and eighty three
and three hundred and eighty-four the words
"one superintendent, $2,500; one clerk of
class four, one clerk of class one."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the same clause,
line three hundred and eighty-eight, to strike
out "$720" and insert "$820;" so as to
read, "thirty watchmen, at $820 each."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the same clause,
lines three hundred and ninety-four and three
hundred and ninety-five, to reduce the total
amoant appropriated from $69,100 to $66,880.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the clause appro-
priating for the office of the First Comptroller
of the Treasury, after " assistant messenger,"
in line four hundred, to insert " at $720;" and
in line four hundred and two to increase the
total amount appropriated from $77,300 to
$77,320.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the clause ap-
propriating for the office of the Second Comp-
troller of the Treasury, after "assistant mes-
senger," in line four hundred and eight, to
insert "at $720;" and in lines four hundred
and ten and four hundred and eleven to increase
the appropriation from $36,780 to $36,800.
The amendment was agreed to.
Hie next amendment was in the clause ap-
propriating for the office of the Commissioner
® 9a3,tomsi t0 strike out " eight" and insert
nine" before "clerks of class two," in line
jour hundred and fourteen; to strike out
'live" and insert "seven" before "clerks of
C'M« one," in line four hundred and fifteen;
®nd to increase the amount appropriated in
,'Be? four hundred and sixteen and four hun-
««I and seventeen from $36,960 to $40,760.
■the amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the clanse ap-
gating for the office of the First Auditor
of the Treasury, after "assistant messenger,"
in line four hundred and twenty-one, to insert
"at $720;" and to increase the amount appro-
priated in line four hundred and twenty-three,
from $58,260 to $58,280.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the clause mak-
ing appropriations for the Second Auditor's
office, to insert in line fourhundred and twenty-
nine, after "five assistant messengers," the
words " at $720 each nnd in lines four hun-
dred and thirty and four hundred and thirty-
one to increase the total amount appropriated
from $384,180 to $384,280.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the clause mak-
ing appropriations for the Third Auditor's
office, to strike out"eleven" and insert" four-
teen" before "clcrks of class four," in line
four hundred %nd thirty-three; in line four
hundred and thirty-five to strike out " twenty-
eight" and insert "thirty-two" before " clerks
of class three;" after " two assistant-messen-
gers," in line four hundred and thirty-eight, to
insert "at $720each ;" and in lines four hun-
dred and forty and fourhundred and forty-one
to increase the total amount appropriated from
$329,600 to $341,460.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the clause mak-
ing appropriations for the Fourth Auditor's
office, to insert iu line four hundred and forty •
six, after "assistant messenger," the words
"at $720;" and to increase the total amount
appropriated in lines four hundred and forty-
seven and four hundred and forty-eight from
$76,500 to $76,520.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the clause mak-
ing appropriations for the office of the Auditor
of the Treasury for the Post Office Depart-
ment, after "assistant messenger," in line four
hundred and sixty-one, to insert " at $720;"
and in lines four hundred and sixty-two and
four hundred and sixty-three to increase the
total amount appropriated from $228,140 to
$228,160.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the clause mak-
ing appropriations for the office of the Regis-
ter ot the Treasury, to strike ont in line four
hundred and eighty-three "twelve" and in-
sert " thirteen " before "clerks of class three;''
after " two assistant messengers," in line four
hundred and eighty-five, to insert " at $720
and in lines four hundred aud eighty-six and
four hundred and eighty-seven to increase the
total amount appropriated from $84,480 to
$86,100.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, to insert at the
close of the appropriations for the office of the
Solicitor of the Treasury, in line four hundred
and ninety-four, " for purchase of law books,
$1,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, in the clanse mak-
ing appropriations for the office of the Light-
House Board, to strike out, in line four hun-
dred and ninety-seven, "one clerk" and insert
"two clerks" before the words, "of class
three ;" in line four hundred and ninety-eight
to insert "one messenger;" and in lines five
hundred and five hundred and one to increase
the amount of the appropriation from $6,920
to $8,360.
Mr. SUMNER. I have before me a copy of
a letter from the Secretary of the Treasury, in
which he makes a recommendation different
from what I find in the amendments of the
committee in regard to the Light-House Board.
The Secretary of the Treasury proposes that
this shall be amended so as to read:
"For compensation of the chief clerk of the Light-
House Board, $2,000."
Thatis in the text:
Two clerke of class four.
It is put down here in the text. .
Two clerks of class three.
The recommendation of the Secretary is " two
clerks of class four." Then he proceeds—
"One clerk of class three."
The text is "one clerk of class two." The
Secretary then proceeds—
"Ono clerk of class two."
The text says "one clerk of class one." The
Secretary then proceeds—
"Ono messenger and ono laborer; in o.ll 810,160."
Whereas the appropriation is $8,360. That
is the recommendation of the Secretary of the
Treasury, who adds:
"By this change the clerical forco in this office will
be placed upon the same basis as tho clerical i'orco in
my own immediate office; and the reason given in
my former letter to tho House committeo in relation
to the latter will apply with equal forco to this."
Can the chairman of the committee give any
reason for not following the recommendation
of the Secretary of the Treasury? I propose
to follow the recommendation of the Secre-
tary.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is what
the committee followed.
Mr. SUMNER. In line four hundred and
ninety-seven I would make it "two clerks of
class four" instead of "class three." That
is the recommendation of the Secretary. Then,
in the next line, "one clerk of class three,"
instead of "class two;" and "one clerk of
class two," instead of " class one." Is there
any objection to following the recommendation
of the Secretary?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The committee
thought they did follow it. The committee
followed the estimates precisely for that office:
"One chief clerk, $2,000; two clerks of class three,"
That is the estimate of the Department.
That is what the committee of the Senate have
given. The House gave one, and the commit-
tee of the Senate have given two. That cor-
responds precisely with the estimates.
Mr. SUMNER. But has my friend seen the
letter of the Secretary of the Treasury which
is addressed to Hon. Lot M. Morrill, chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations, from
which I have now read, in which the Secretary
positively recommends 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What is the date
of that ?
Mr. SUMNER. March 10,1870, addressed
to a distinguished friend of my own.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. How came that
letter in the possession of the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations ?
Mr. SUMNER. It is a copy that has been
supplied to me. I have not intruded among
the papers of my friend.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like
to know if my friend from Massachusetts has
any information that the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations ever received the
original? I do not remember anything about
such a letter, and the committee, have appro-
priated according to the original estimates of
the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. SUMNER. That is of last year, the
Senator is aware.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No; the esti-
mates of the present year.
Mr. SUMNER. Very, well. Now the Sen-
ator understands that here is a communication
from the Secretary of the Treasury, dated
March 10, 1870, from which I have read; and
will he allow me to move that this clause be
amended in conformity with the recommenda-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What necessity
does the Senator think there is for increasing
these clerks ?
Mr. SUMNER. The necessity I understand
is found in the recommendation of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury. We all know he is an
economist, a faithful student of his duty, and
he, on the responsibility of his office, makes
this recommendation. Then I have informa-
tion of my own with rcg&rd to the working of
this particular branch of the service, from
