1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
87
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I would in-
quire of the Chair whether at the present stage
of the bill it is admissible for me to modify its
terms ? It has not yet been referred to a com-
mittee.
■ The VICE PRESIDENT. By the usage of
the Senate, the yeaa and nays not having been
ordered upon any question connected with the
bill, and no action having been taken, no vote
had, it is subject to modification by its mover.
Mr. DRAKE. I send to the Chair a copy of
the bill modified as I desire it to stand, and ask
that it be reported in full, and that in its modi-
fied shape it be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Missouri modifies his bill, and the modified
bill will be considered as before the Senate as
in Committee of the Whole. The Secretary
will read it at length.
The bill as modified was read, as follows:
A bill further to define and regulate the jurisdiction
and powers of the courts of the United States.
Tie it enacted by the Senate and House of Jiepresenta-
Uves of the United States of A merica in Congress assem-
bled, That no court created by on act of Congress,
or judge thereof, shall havo power in any case to
adjudge or hold any act or joint resolution of Con-
gress invalid, in wholo or in part, for any supposed
repugnancy between such act or joint resolution and
the Constitution of the United States, or for any sup-
posed want of authority in paid Constitution lor trie
same; nor shall tho appellate jurisdiction of the
Supreme Court of tho United States bo construed to
authorize that court, in tiny case now ponding or
hereafter brought before it, to make any order, or
render any judgment or decree basod upon any such
adiudging or holding by it: nor shall any justice of
said Supreme Court, in furtherance of the exoreisoof
such appellate jurisdiction, mako any ordor, or au-
thorize 0' issue any writ or process, or take any pro-
ceeding based uponany such adjudging or holding by
him or by the said Supreme Court; and every order,
judgment, or decree of any interior United States
court, or of any State court, whioh may come beforo
said Supremo Court for review, and which shall ap-
peffi- to have been based upon anysnoh adjudtfinR or
holding, shall for that cause bo by said Suprome Court
reversed, vacated, and annulled.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the modified bill will be ordered to
be printed. It is so ordered.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President., two years ago,
in addressing the Senate, I incidentally recog-
nized the right of tho Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States to declare an act of Congress invalid
for unconstitutionality. A few months after-
ward, against all my legal education and pre-
conceptions, against the reiterated rulings of
that court, against all professional tradition,and
againsttheauthorityofn.il the writers on Amer-
ican constitutional law, I was surprised to find
myself involuntarily doubting that right. This
question forced itself upon me, Does the Con-
stitution vest in one body of men the exclusive
power to make laws for the nation, and at the
same time vest in another body of men the
power to annul them? To answer this affirm-
atively, as the Supreme Court in effect claims
it should be answered, presented to my mind
so extraordinary a solecism, as well as so grave
an imputation upon the legal acumen and com-
mon sense of the framers of the Constitution,
that I was led from this point into an exam-
ination of the whole subject.^ I have prose-
cuted that examination from time to time with
candor and fidelity, impelled by the single
desire to arrive at the truth; and my final and
undoubting judgment is that there is no word
in the Constitution which, rightly considered,
justifies such an answer. This bill is the off-
spring of that judgment. As it brings up a
new question, which covers a wide field of
inquiry, I ask the indulgent attention of the
Senate while I endeavor, necessarily at some
length, to discuss it. The subject is a great
one and worthy of the best attention of the
Senate and the country.
One embarrassment meets me at the thresh-
old—the possibility, perhaps probability, of
my being unable to impart to others the strong
conviction of my own mind, that this subject
cannot be seen in its true light or treated on
correct principles, except from a high national
point of view. Were the national Government
the only one known to us, we should have no
difficulty in considering it on purely national
principles; but there is an impediment to this,
which I desire in the outset, if practicable, to
remove. It is found in the influence of the
practice of the States. We have been so long
familiar in all the States with the exercise by
their judiciary of the power to declare the acts
.of their Legislatures void for unconstitutional-
"ity, that its influence is felt by almost every
one in the consideration of the power of the
Federal judiciary over acts of Congress. It
seems hard for many to discover a difference
between the two cases. They do not perceive
why what is done by the courts of every
State as to its laws may not as well be done
by the Federal courts as to the laws of the
United States. But there is a wide difference
between the cases. The "judicial power" under
the Constitution of the United States, as will
be more fully shown presently, is that which
was understood and known as judicial power
at the common law when the Constitution was
formed in 1787. What that power was then
it ia now—no more, no less; and it is incapable
of enlargement or diminution, either by act of
Congress or by any practice since 1787, how-
ever long continued.
With the State courts, however, it is differ-
ent. The constitutions of nearly all the States
are of comparatively recent date, and the judi-
cial power in any of them may therefore prop-
erly be considered to include all that had been
accorded to it in that State prior to the adop-
tion of its existing constitution, and in States
of new settlement all that had been accorded
to it in other States from which the people
came. Hence the influence of prior usage in
the interpretation of the grant of judicial power
in any State constitution may legitimately be
felt as a sort of State common law on the sub-
ject; but,, as will be hereafter shown, there
never was any such usage in the courts as to
national legislation prior to 1787, either in this
country or in Great Britain, whence we derive
all wo know of the common law. Ilenco the
essential and controlling difference between
the two cases.
If, therefore, any one should be reluctant to
question the right of the Federal courts to hold
ail act of Congress void for unconstitutionality,
lest it should lead to a denial of such right to
State courts over State laws, passed oftentimes
by bodies not. fit for the important business of
law-making, ho will see that no such result
need ensue, for the cases are essentially unlike,
and it no more follows that what is decided in
regard to the Federal courts would unsettle the
usage in the States, than that the practice in the
.States settles the question as to the Federal
courts.
The importance of this subject is no less
than vital, for it involves the living, health-
ful, and efficient operation of the Government
under the Constitution. Establish the claim of
the judiciary, and practically a radical change
may be expected to ensue in the working of the
Government. A second veto power is set up—
more potent than that of the President, be-
cause absolute—the power to veto not a bill,
but a law, so far as its operation in the particular
case before the court is concerned, and by the
moral weight of the judgment of the court to
give itpraetieally a death-blow. This is in every
view a higher power than that of Congress.
If it exists, it must he derived from the Consti-
tution. If not found there, its exercise can be
regarded only as a usurpation which no sin-
cerity of judicial conviction in its favor can
uphold, and which can derive no sanotity from
illustrious names among its defenders, nor any
rightful force from long silence on the part of
Congress and the people.
Mr. President, 1 think that this is one of the
remarkable cases in history of a great truth
long buried under a common error. Sixty-six
years ago, in a case of little intrinsic import-
ance exciting no public interest, the Supreme
Court of the ¥nited States, under the lead of
Chief Justice Marshall, without having heard
argument on the question, asserted its right to
hold an act of Congress unconstitutional and to
refuse it force in that court. From that day to
this it has passed into a professional dogma
that such right exists; and the dogma has been
transmitted as an authoritative tradition and
silently accepted, without investigation, with-
out question, without even a superficial scru-
tiny. I have conversed with many legal gen-
tlemen on the«subject and never yet found one
who had investigated it; all had received it as a
matter of course. In the Halls of Congress it
was, I believe, never questioned until I denied
its truth here in February last. Certainly it
has never been discussed in either House of
Congress. For the first time there is now an
opportunity and a fit occasion for its discussion
here and before the people. The result, I hope,
will be the eradication of this hoary error.
Sir, there is a present and urgent need for
the investigation and settlement of this ques-
tion. Up to recent years the Supreme Court
had not been beset, as it now is, to declare the
legislation of Congress upon important polit-
ical subjects unconstitutional and void. Now,
however, there are cases pending there which
call in question the constitutionality of acts of
Congress passed in the exercise of some of its
highest powers. From one quarter the legal-
tender act is assailed ; from another, the power
of Congress to impose a tax upon cotton grown
in this country ; from another, its power to tax
the ciiculation of State banks; from another,
its power of disposal of the public lands, and
from another its power of military government
over subjugated rebels; and it is gravely as-
sumed that that court may pronounce the
legislation of Congress on these great subjects
void for unconstitutionality if in their opinion
it is unconstitutional. If Congress will see
this veto upon its legislation invoked and per-
haps applied, without even questioning the
right of the court to apply it, where will it
end? Each successful effort to overthrow ono
of our acts will but lead to new efforts against
others, till at last the judiciary will loom upas
the great power under the Constitution, when
it has always been considered by jurists, and
in granted power under the Constitution cer-
tainly is, the weakest and the least.
And unrestrained in this course it will be a
more formidable power than we are wont to
suppose. With a central Supreme Court at
Washington, and nine circuit courts and more
than fifty district courts held in every State in
the Union, all receiving from it the exposition
of the law and all subject to its mandates, it
must be a hopeful temperament which can see
no danger of serious disturbance of our sys-
tem of national government in the future. It
is the purpose of this bill to reach the root of
this threatened evil, and to place Congress
where the Constitution places it, above and
not below the judiciary. It is not the object
of the bill to take from the courts any consti-
tutional right, for that were beyond our power,
but to prevent their passing the limits of their
rightful authority under the Constitution. It
is not intended to assail the courts, but to
shield the representatives of the people in their
legislation from unauthorized judicial inter-
ference.
That Congress has power under the Consti-
tution to pass such a bill is beyond dispute.
The bill it will be observed applies first to
courts created by act of Congress ; and sec-
ondly, to the Supreme Court in the exercise
of its appellate jurisdiction.
As to the former, it is beyond question that
they have no jurisdiction but such as Congress
confers upon them. The Supreme Court so
held in United States vs. Hudson, 7 0ranch,
32, and Sheldon vs. Sill, 8 Howard, 441.
As to the appellate jurisdiction of the Su-
preme Court, while it is conferred by the Con-
stitution in general terms it is coupled with
this qualification, that it is to be exercised
"with such exceptions and under such regu-
lations as the Congress shall make.'' Congress
