3288
THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 0,
which I understand that this change is netded
for the efficiency of that bureau.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maiue. Does the Sen-
ator believe that those two clerks now holding
the places of clerks of class three will resign
their places if they are not promoted to fourtn-
tlass clerkships? That is what his amendment
means, promotion.
M r. S U M N E R. I cannot State positively as
to that; but 1 believe they are very excellent
persons.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maiue. Nor does the
Senator believe they will be less efficient as
third than fourth-class clerks?
Mr. SUMNEli. I confess to my friend that
I am governed very much by the positive rec-
ommendation of that great economist, the Sec-
retary of the Treasury.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. ' So were the
Committee on Appropriations; but where we
had two recommendations, one diametrically
opposite to the other, it seemed to be optional
with the committee to choose between them.
Mr. SUMNER. But my friend is aware that
this is the last recommendation.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is not neces-
sarily, therefore, more accurate than the first.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's par-
don ; the last may be considered as the one
uiade with the maturest knowledge.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The committee
were precisely in this predicament: here are
two recommendations from the same officer,
one when Congress meets to appropriate for
two clerks of class three; and at a later period,
after the House of Representatives had passed
on the subject, he asks us to appropriate for
those two clerks in class four. Senators will
see at once that it does-not increase the service,
oor does it increase the efficiency of the ser-
vice in any way, but simply increases the pay
of these officers. He does not ask for any
additional force, bat for additional pay. And
what is true, I would say here of those two
clerks, is true of all the clerks, as will be seen
before this bill is closed, in the Departments.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that "four" be
inserted in the place of " three " in line four
hundred and ninety-seven : and I give as my
authority the recommendatiou of the Secretary
of the Treasury, under date of March 10,1870,
which I have read.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That amend-
ment increases the appropriation, and is not in
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Massachusetts that
the amendment he proposes now is au amend-
ment to the text of the bill, which the Com-
mittee on Appropriations have not changed.
The Chair will suggest that it had better be
reserved antil the committee's amendments
are disposed of.
Mr. SUMNER. Bat the Chair is aware they
do make a change in that article.
The VICE PRESIDENT. But not in regard
to the precise word the Senator proposes to
strike out, and the Senator from Maine makes
the point that the amendment involves an in-
creased appropriation of money, and has not
been submitted to the Committee on Appropri-
ations as yet. .
Mr. SUMNER. I think my friend is mis-
taken about that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
from Massachusetts reserve the amendment?
Mr. SUMNER. No. The point I submit
is, that the Committee on Appropriations do
amend the clause; they strike outl> one •" and
insert" twoand I submit that that puts the
whole clause in question before the Senate, so
that it is open to amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair over-
rules the point made by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts. The words " class three " have not
■been touched by the Committee on Appropri-
ations.
Mr. SUMNER. The Chair then limits the
$o%er of the Senate in making amendments.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
can be reserved and offered hereafter. The Sen-
ator from Maine objects to it now, and the
Chair is compelled by the usage of the Senate
to.sustain his objection, as the amendment of
the committee does not change the text as
regards the words proposed to be amended by
the Senator from Massachusetts. If the Chair
ruled otherwise he might be involved in long
paragraphs to which various amendments might
be proposed. The amendments to this para-
graph will be regarded as agreed to. It will
be open to further amendment after the com-
mittee's amendments are concluded.
The next amendment of the committee was
to strike out the following proviso, from lines
live hundred aud eight to five hundred and
fourteen: 0 •
Provided, That in addition to the foregoing there
may bo expended for temporary clerks, under the
approval of the Secretary of t he Treasury, out of the
unexpended balanoes to the credit of said office, th«
sum of $18,2S0; and the remainder of said balances
phall be, and hereby is, coverod intotho Treasury of
the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. OSBORN. I offer an amendment to
the bill under consideration, and move that it
be printed and referred to the Committee on
Appropriations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. NYE. Is seems to me the Senate have
arrived at a good point now to adjourn. I
therefore move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, May 9, 1870.
Prayer by Rev. A. Eldridge, D. D., of
New York. .
The Secretary proceeded to read the Jour-
nal of Friday last.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move that
the reading of the Journal be dispensed with.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not.
Mr. MORRJLL, of Vermont. I-hope the
Senator will not object this morning.
Mr. TRUA1BULL. The reason why I pro-
posed to objeet was that I supposed the Sen-
ator-wanted the morning business, to go on,
; and there is tto Senate here to do business.
1 Mr. ELELLOGG. The Senator from Ver-
; roont desires to address the Senate this morn-
J ing. .
I Mr. TRUMBULL. If the pnrposeis simply
! to allow the Senator from Vermont to make a
; speech I have no objection, but if anything is
to be done I object to it-
; The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
| no objection, and the reading of the Journal
| frill be dispensed with.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WILLEY presented the petitioh of S.
M. Sommers, of Marion county, West Virginia,
praying the removal of his political disabili-
ties ; which was referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabili-
ties.
Mr. SCOTT presented the petition of Rev.
David R. Junkin, praying for the passage ©f
an act to authorize the accounting officer of
the Treasury to balance the account of his son,
William M. Junkin, deceased, late a paymaster
in the United States Navy; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. FEN'l'ON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Tonawanda, New York, manufacturers
and importers of logs and timber, prayiufe Con-
gress to authorize the Secretary of the Treas- ;
ury to admit round logs and ship timber free J
of duty; which was referred to the Committee
t)n Finaftce.
Mr. SAWYER presented the petition of
Rev. Charles I. White, D. D., and'others,
praying the enactment of a law incorporat-
ing the St. Matthew's Commercial College, in
the city of Washington) District of Columbia;
which was referred to the Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petitions of
William B. Puyne, Pittsylvania, Virginia; of
Matthew Houston and Robert Houston, Smyth
county, Virginia; of Henry F. Woodhouse,
Princess Ann county, Virginia ; of Crocket 1.
Saunders, Franklin county, Virginia ; of C. A.
Spotts, of Virginia, and of Richard L. Brewer,
Nansemond county, Virginia, praying the re-
moval of their political disabilities; which
were referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. LEWIS presented the petitions of John
W. Landram and Henry R. ltobey, of Fred-
ericksburg, Virginia; of William II. Cranage,
King George county, Virginia, and Charles
C. Moore, Alexandria, Virginia, praying the
removal of their political disabilities; which
were referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. HOWE presented the petition of the.
trustees of the village of Menasha, Wisconsin,
prayiug aid for the improvement of the Wis-
consin river; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Mount Hope, Grant county, Wisconsin, pray-
ing the abolition of the franking privilege;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. HARLAN presented the memorial of
Frances Johnson, widow of Richard Johnson,
late of Decatur county, Indiana, praying re-
lief on account of a defect in the assignment
of a land warrant; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. TRUMBULL preseuted the memorial
of L. D. White and others, citizens of Quincy,
Illinois, remonstrating against the extension
of the patent of John Young for washing and
wringing machines; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. CARPENTER presented the petition
of A. L. Chapin, president of Beloit College,
and other citizens of Beloit, Michigan, praying
for the abrogation of legacy and succession
taxes; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Fond du Lac, Wisconsin, remonstrating against
the extension of John Young's patent tor wash-
ing and wringing machines; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
He also presented the petition of Herman J,
Schulters, late first lieutenant first VViseOasin
j cavalry, praying for the passage of a special
act of Congress granting him a pension ; which
was referred to the Committee ou Pensions.
Mr. CONKLING presented two memorials
of citizens of New York, remonstrating against
the extension of John Young's patent tor wash-
ing and wringing machines; which were ordered
; to lie on the table.
Mr. ANTHONY. I present resolutions of
the Board of Trade of Boston, recommending
the construction of a harbor of refuge at Block
Island. I move their reference to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and I ask the attention
of my friend, the chairman of that committee,
to the consideration of this subject as a national
work, and not a local work. It is for the
security of navigation and the safety of life.
The motion to refer was agreed to.
Mr. ROBERTSON presented the petitions
df Josiafi Beck, J. R. Thomason, and William
L. Bell, of Carroll county, Georgia; of A. G.
Cameron, Telfair county, Georgia; of W. S.
Darnell, Baldwin county, Georgia; of Dl W.
Cameron, Telfair county, Georgia ; of Johtt J.
McArthur, Montgomery county, Georgia'; of
Jphn C. Maund, Talbot county', Georgia; of
Gilbert C. Carmichael, Macon, Georgia; of
George N. Lester, Cobb county, Georgia; of
W. Scott Thomas, Cwinnett county, Georgia;
of M. H. McWhorter, Oglethorpe county,
Georgia; of Littleton C. Jones, Macon, Geor-
gia ; of James H. Rogers, Hancock county,
Georgia; and of William H. Huntlyr Troup
county, Georgia, praying the removal of their
