1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1401
species of legislation, because at this hour there
are hundreds of men waiting to be restored to
their rights, while the appropriation bill of my
colleague cannotgointo effect until next July,
and there will be, I trust, ample, time between
Iiow and next July to pass the bill. I hope,
therefore, the House will agree to proceed with
the consideration of the bill which I have been
directed to report.
Mr. DAWES. If the House will indulge me
I would like to make a statement with reference 1
to the business which I desire the House to
consider. I recognize the importance of the
measure my colleague desires to have consid-
ered, yet the House must perceive the import-
ance of sending this large appropriation bill to
the Senate as soon as possible. The bill has
been a long time before the House, and until
it is disposed of the Indian appropriation bill
:ind two or three other important bills assigned
to follow it cannot be taken up.
Mr. ALLISON. Among them the tariff bill.
Mr. DAWES. Yes, there is the tariff bill,
as suggested by the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Allison.] I submit to the House that it is of
primary importance to finish the general appro-
priation bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. There are
numerous special orders which will come up
immediately after this appropriation'bill, so
that if this disability bill be not considered now
we do not know when it can be taken up. The
State of Mississippi is in this condition: many
persons who have been elected to office are at
present disqualified to enter upon their duties,
and under a provision of the State constitution,
unless the persons receiving the highest num-
ber of votes qualify within a given time the
persons standing second as to the number of
votes will assume the duties of the offices. In
order to relieve all that the committee have
instructed me to endeavor to press the consid-
eration of the general bill to-day.
Mr. CULLOM. Will it elicit much discus-
sion ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It is be-
lieved that there will not be much discussion
on the proposition.
Mr. DAWES. The state of the case is just
iibout this: I understand there has comedown
from the other body a bill relieving a large
number of persons from political disability by
name. My colleague proposes to substitute a
general bill, which will of course involve a
debate going over the whole question of polit-
ical disability. If taken up, therefore, it will
be to the exclusion of all other business. I
hope the House will dispose of the legislative,
&c., appropriation bill first.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I hope the gentleman
from Massachusetts will withhold his motion
to go into committee until we have had a morn-
ing hour. This day is set apart for the con-
sideration of private bills, and the Committee
on Invalid Pensions have a large number of
cases to report in the morning hour which
ought to be disposed of to-day.
Mr. DAWES. Unless my motion prevails
there will first be a morning hour for private
bills; and then we shall have the bill taken up
for the removal of political disabilities, which
will consume the remaining portion of the
day.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Heretofore
large appropriations have come down to us
from the Senate during the last days of the
session tacked on to the appropriation bills
without any opportunity being afforded to us
for discussion, the whole subject being disposed
of by committees of conference between the
two Houses. I hope, therefore, the appropri-
ation bills will be sent at the earliest day to
the Senate, so that we may get them back in
good time. If the pending bill goes over to
the Senate to-day it will not be returned to us
until the 1st of June.
Mr. DAWES. I yield to the gentleman
from New York for a personal explanation.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. BENNETT. Mr. Speaker, in a recent
number of the Buffalo Commercial Advertiser,
marked copies of which, I believe, were for-
warded to the President, to members of the
Cabinet, and to all the members of both Houses
of Congress, a libelous and scandalous attack
was made upon me in regard to my business
relations. This paper accuses me of the re-
moval of grain which belonged to our firm,
and on which advances had been received from
the banks, and for which the banks held ware-
house receipts—statements which are false and
without foundation. I propose to vindicate
myself in the courts of law, and have com-
; menced legal proceedings against the proprie-
1 tors of the Commercial Advertiser.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the petty political charges
which have been and are constantly being made
upon me by fhe editors of this same paper I
care nothing for and have never noticed ; but
when this crowning charge, following upon a
long series of outrages, affects my business
reputation, a reputation which I have been a
lifetime building up, I cannot remain quiet and
allow it to pass unnoticed. Every business
man knows how sensitive commercial relations
are even to the slightest rumor, and the pur-
pose apparently of the authors of that article
when they published it to the world was not
only to injure me politically, but to damage a
house which has required years to establish by
assailing its credit. No money, no apology
can ever compensate for the wrong inflicted.
Before the legal tribunal I expect fully to vin-
dicate my reputation and show to the world
the motives which must have dictated this
scandalous attack upon me. Delay may occur
and impediments may be thrown in the way of
an early trial, but I am determined to follow
this gross outrage to the full extent of the law,
and endeavor to chastise some parties who have
forgotten the higher duties of journalism and
used what power they have for the injury of
private individuals and the gratification of
their personal malice.
Some of my friends may disagree with me
in the course I have taken in this matter, and
| think that I had better have allowed this paper
j to remain in its present obscurity than give to
it even an unenviable notoriety ; but when a
! man is falsely accused it is difficult to decide
the best course of action, it is painful to suf-
j fer the effects of a lie unchallenged, and it is
( mortifying to fight unworthy enemies to vin-
! dicate yourself. The gravity of the charges,
I however, have compelled me to do as I have
| done, and I must beg my friends to bear with
! me awhile.
I may mention, Mr. Speaker, that at the last
presidential election we made a clean sweep
of the Democratic party in my district, from
the member of Congress down to the board
of aldermen and supervisors ; and I am proud
to say that there was a greater change made
i in that Gibraltar of Democracy in favor of
! that man who so nobly won his stars, Gen-
! eral Grant, than in any other congressional
district in the United States. This change,
of course, carried with it the entire patronage,
: and you, Mr. Speaker, as well as every hon-
orable gentleman within the hearing of my
J voice, knows that the member of Congress is
| held responsible for the faithful distribution
! of the patronage of his district. I have en-
deavored to fulfill this duty to the utmost of
my ability ; but in every instance I have been
bitterly opposed by this same paper, which,
since wheeling into line in the Republican
i party, has claimed, with its usual arrogance,
to be the organ of that party.
From the following extracts, taken from the
columns of this paper, honorable gentlemen
will be able to understand or appreciate the
; value of its consistency and the presumption
j of its dictation. This paper, in its columns
' of November 23, 180G, says:
1 "We are setting tired of publishing contradictory
I rumors about the proposed impeachincnt of the
!l President. Every day the telegraph tells us that
I' somebody is preparing the articles of impeachment.
II First, it is bold Ben*. Butlkp. who is to do the rlecd.
i1 Then it's bull-dog Boctweli,. Then it's the lusty
:j Logan. Now,according to this morning's dispatches
11 a lot of pusillanimous Pennamites in Philadelphi.i
aro trying their hands at the dirty work. Nobody
, | believes that anything serious will come of alt this
pother. Buti.eb says nothing upon the subjcct now-
adays. Boutwell has shut up. Logan doniesthut
ho ever thought of such a thing. In fact, except for
the blatant ravings of a few insignificant crazy lanat-
ics, decapitated postmasters, and such liko disinter-
ested patriots, the matter would drop and the people
would say 'Amen.'"
Yet this same paper, without any change of
editors or proprietors, claims to-day to be Re-
[ publican to the core, and is ready to bespatter
fulsome flattery on those whom they then so
bitterly opposed.
[From the same, May 17,18CG.J
Congress as Revolutionary as the Secessionist!.
Believing that in the position which ho ha? as-
sumed the President is impregnably intrenched in
! right and the law, wo look upon the action of Con-
gress tending toward the disfranchisement of eleven
States—not the disloyal people, but the States them-
; selves—as scarcely less revolutionary than tho at-
tempted secession of the South. * t. x
We hold that the President has the power, as the
sworn Executive of the law to protect tho rights of
i all the States, but wo conceive that it will be a sad
necessity which shall call for its exercisc.
[From the same, August 16,1866.]
1 Radicals to be "Execrated as Disloyal."
The time is rapidly coming when to bo a Radical,
in the present aeeepted signification of the word,
will be so opposed to the general sentiments of tho
people of the North as well as the South, that, like
Vallandigham and Wood, Radical disciple* will bo
execrated as disloyal and revolutionary.
[From tho samo, September 5, ISOti.]
Fenton Easy to Beat.
Tho Radical State convention meets to-day at
Syracuse, and will doubtless make choiceof Reuben
1 E. Fenton as candidate for Governor. Notwith-
standing the fact that he has seriously alienated
very many of his former political friends and exas-
perated several large and influential interests during
his present term, ho is still strongly urged by Ins
friends, and it is expected that no very aerious opposi-
tion willbemadoto hisrenomination. Wocertainly
hope that he may be nominated, for we know of 110
i Radical leader who can be so easily beaten.
I [From the same, September 12, I860.J
"Sneaking Hypocrisy" of Jjouticell, Sumner, and other
Radicals.
Here is an exposure of tho sneaking hypocrisy of
!: the advocates of the measure. They are no more for
1; the negro than old Beownlow, but they are more
cowardly in the expression of their opinions. The
!: end and aim of the Radical leaders is to hold on to
j' power and office, and it is with reference to the next
!; presidential election, and not for any honest reason,
that the country is to be kept in a state of distraction
and turmoil until that event. For this and nothing
else Ben Wade, Stevens, Boutwell, Ben. Butler and
Sumneb, aided by their organs in the North, propose
to interrupt the national prosperity; to keep upon us
tho burden of tho national debt; to dcpreciate our
securities abroad and make their value doubtful ic
tho hands of the holders at home; to make heavier
the load of taxation which now weighs us down, and
i to threaten civil war and the deluging of our north-
ern fields in blood if their demands are not allowed.
[From tho same, September 13,1836.]
Hoisting the Ifemocratic Ticket.
Wo place at the head of our columns to-day tho
nominations of tho national Union convention,
which were agreed upon at Albany yesterday, with
feelings of entire satisfaction as to the eminent per-
sonal fitness of the men and an undiminished con-
fidenceintheirsuccessat thepoll?. * * .
In honoring Mr. Hoffman with the -nomination
the convention honored itself. * *
The nomination of Mr. Hoffman is one o£ the signs
of the times. It is a proof that honest and earnest
men are convinced that the days in which we hvo
are full of peril and uncertainty : that even politi-
cians with a sense of impending danger aro willing
to forego their personal preferences ana give tnoir
suffrages to the best men. .
On the whole Mr. Hoffman is such a man as we
seldom see put in nomination for a high omee, ami
we have no doubt but that the patriotic and honest
men of tho State will rally to his support. Oi the
other candidates of the ticket we do not feel called
noon to say moro than they are judicious selec-
tion" * * * * Taken as a whole the
ticket is a strong one, and which, with proper exer-
tions and the exercise of good faith upon the part
of its avowed friends, cannot fail to be successful at
the polls by an overwhelming majority.
