1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3289
political disabilities 5 whioh were referred to
the select Committee on the Removal of Polit-
ical Disabilities.
Ho also presented the petitions of J. C. F.
Clarke, Terrell county, Georgiaof Solomon
J. llarrell, Webster county, Georgia; of Rich-
ard E. Kennon, Clay county, Georgia; of 11.
P.Lester, Whitefield county, Georgia; of Jesse
W. Jackson, Fulton county, Georgia; of Wil-
liam I. Hudson, Harris county, Georgia; and
of Lewis C. Graddy, Spalding county, Geor-
gia, praying for the removal of their political
disabilities; which were referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political l)is-
abilities.
He also presented the petitions of Joseph J.
Bradford, John W. Pearce, John H. Hall,
Joseph Ellis, E. H. Shackleford, and W. A.
Btrti, of Mitchell county, Georgia, prayiug the
removal of their political disabilities; which
were referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
lie also presented the petitions of William
Smith, Lowndes county, Georgia; of Thomas
J. Roberts, Georgetown, Quitman county,
Georgia; of Jatues D. Frierson, Athens,
Clark county, Georgia; of Johu J. Hamilton,
Pulaski county, Georgia; of John L. Parkes,
Macon, Georgia; ot Thomas C. Sullivan,
Sumter county, Georgui; of N. H. Mobley,
Pulaski county, Georgia; of A. H. Hansel!,
Thomas county, Georgia; of William T. Dick-
enson, Rabun county, Georgia; of Thomas F.
Green, -M. D., Milledgeville, Georgia; and of
Daniel B. Juhan, Labon J. Smith, James M.
Bialock, and H. F. Merrell, Carroll county,
Georgia, prating for the removal of their po-
litical disabilities; which were referred to the
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
ilr. HO WELL presented a petition of &.
K. Edson and others, of Denmark, Iowa, for
a new mail route from Fort Madison, via Den- ;
mark aud Parish, to Danville, Iowa; which
was referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
fapess withdrawn and befbrrbd.
On motion of Mr. WILLEY, it was
Ordered, That the petition of William Burley, of
Alexandria conuty. Virginia, praying for compensa-
tion for forage taken from him during the late rebel-
lion,be taken from the files of the Senate and referred
to the Committee on Claims.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was recommitted the bill
(H. R. No. 785) to provide for furnishing arti-
ficial limbs to disabled soldiers, reported it
with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1903) to author-
ize the payment of bounty to Ana McCarthy,
repotted it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint xesolation (ILR. No.
274) relating to Fort Craig military reservation,
reported it without amendment
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 475) to extend
'or presentation of claims for
additional bounty under aot of July 28, 1866,
reported it with amendments.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Com-
®ttteeon Military Affaire, to whom was referred
we bill (8. No. 874) to reimburse the State of
o-ansas for money* expended for the United
otates in carolling, equipping, and provision-
ln£ ®ilitia forces to aid in suppressing the
rebellion, to report it baek without amendment
a™ to rccommendit*>passage.
• POME ROY. • I should like to have
that bill disposed of as soon as possible, and
perhaps we can pass it now. It is simply a
copy o| the Indiana bill nnder which the Mor-
gan raid was paid for in- Indiana, authorizing
"e appointment of a. commission to go there
and ascertain how much the State has paid.
Mr. MORTON. Not the Morgan raid. •
*r. POMEliOY. What raid was k?
Mr. MORTON. No particular raid. That
bill was to pay for the services of the Indiana
militia.
Mr. POMEROY. This is a copy of it. We
copied that law exactly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kansas asks the unanimous consent of
the Senate to proceed to the consideration of
the bill just reported back from the Committee
on Military Affairs by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts. The Secretary will report the bill at
length, after which the Chair will ask for objec-
tions if there be any.
The Secretary read the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there any
objection to the present consideration of the
bill?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object. The reading
of the Journal was suspended this morning with
the distinct understanding that nothing was
to be done but the morning business, and that
then the Senator from Vermont desired to
address the Senate. This bill may be a very
proper one, but I think when we waive the
reading of the Journal, which ought to be read
every morning in order to prevent just this
kind of legislation when there are not a dozen
Senatorshere, for an express reason, advantage
should not be taken of it to pass anything else.
Mr. POMEROY. I did not know that the
reading of the Journal was waived for any
express purpose.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was bo stated. <"
Mr. POMEROY. I did not hear it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on. the Calendar.
Mr. TIPTON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom were referred the petition of
Abraham Goldsmith, praying for a pension ;
the petition of Daniel Tubbs, praying for a
pension, and the petition of Joseph Wallace,
a surgeon in the war of 1812 and 1814, praying
for a pension, asked to be discharged from their
further consideration ; which was agreed to.
Mr. HOWELL, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whota was referred the bill (S. No.
817) granting a pension to Oscar Eastman, late
lieutenant colonel lirst regiment North Carolina
Uuion volunteer infantry, reported adversely
thereon, and asked to be discharged from its
further consideration ; which was agreed to.
Mr. SPENCERr from the Committee.on
Pensions, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 1341) granting an increase of pension
to Edmund Johnson, reported.adversely, and
moved its indefinite postponement; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Joseph Cu ryvof
West Virginia, praying for a pension, reported
adversely, and moved that the petitioner be
allowed to withdraw his petition and papers ;
which was agreed to.
Mr. WARNER, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom waa referred the bill
(S. No. 574) to extend the time for the rever-
sion to the United States of the lands granted
by Congress to the State of Michigan to aid in
the construction of a railroad from Pere Mar-
quette to Flint, in said State, and for other
purposes, reported it with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No..268) granting pub-
lie lands in the States of Alabama and Missis-
sippi to the Decatur and Aberdeen .Railroad
Company to aid in the construction of a rail-
road to be built from Decatur, Alabama, to
Aberdeen, Mississippi, reported it with amend-
ments,
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 601) to incorporate the Kansas, Indian
Territory, and Gulf Railway Company, and
to enable the Missouri River, Fort Scott, and
Gnlf, and the Leavenworth, Lawrence, and
Galveston Railroad Companies to unite upon
and construct asingle track through the Indian
territory and to reach the Gnlf, reported it
with an amendment.
Mr. STOCKTON, from the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds, reported a bill
(S. No. 892) to provide for a building suited
to the use of the post office, the pension and
revenue officers, and the judicial officers of the
United States in the city of Trenton, New Jer-
sey : which was read, and passed to a second
reading.-
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. RAMSEY. There was a bill reported
some days ago from the Committee on Post.
Offices and Post Roads npon which I regard
action as very important; and with the con-
sent of the Senator entitled to the lloor I ask
the Senate to proceed now to the consideration
of the bill (H. R. No. 489) to authorize the
construction and maintenance of a bridge
across the Niagara river. It will consume 110
time, I think.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; let us go on.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
from Illinois withdrew his objection to the
omission of the reading of the Journal this
morning on the condition that I should take
the floor as soon as the morning business was
through.
BIIXSINTRODUCED.
Mr. HAMLIN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
801) to regulate the fees of the register of
wills for the District of Columbia, and for
other purposes; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ROSS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent, obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
893) to establish an additional land district in.
the State of Kansas ; which was read twice by
its title, referred, to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOWE,asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
891), for relief, of the Oneida Indians residing
in the State of Wisconsin; which was read
twice by its.title.
Mr. 110 WE. I more that ihebUljwJth the
paper which I hold in my hand, being acom-.
munication from the chiefs of that tribe of
Indians, be referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs, and printed,.
The motion was,agreed to 
Mr. FENTONasked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill(S. No.
895) requiring the publication of unclaimed,div-
idends and deposits ; which wa? read twice by
its title,.referred to the Committee,oi> Finance,
and ordered to be printed.
. He also asked,.and by unanimqns consent
obtained,,leave to introduce a joint resolution
(8. II. No. 193) to admit round logs'and dressed
ship timber free of dutywhich was read twice
by its title, referred to the , Committee . on
Finauce, and,ordered tobe,printed.
A. PROTECTIVE. TARIFJfpR FJU5B TRADE.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I now call up
the order of the day, which is the legislative,
executive, and judicial appropriation bill; and
it being up, I wish to have it kid aside inform-
ally. I have been desirous of addressing the
Senate for nearly a month, but have been uri 
willing to interpose,myself when more-import-
ant business was being considered. I .should
not even now ask the indulgence of the Senate
but for the fact that as soon as this bill i  dis-
posed of I sbali necessarily be absent for some
little time and shall not be hero when the bill
reducing taxes will be under consideration. I
therefore ask that for the time being the. bill
reported by the Committeeon Finance for the
reduction of taxation be-considered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont asks that the bill (S. No. 890)
to reduce taxation may be taken up for the
purpose, not of action at the present time, but
of allowing him to make remarks in regard to
the finances of the country. Is there objec-
tion 7 The Chair hears none, and that bill is
before the Senate.
