3290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. President,
owing to the policy of our present Administra-
tion we shall soon be able to part with all
direct taxation or all internal taxes, ami the
only subject th< n that will remain tor serious
consideration will be the subject of the tariff.
1 propone to-day to consider that subject.
Mr. President, composed aa the licpublican
party now is, of Republicans proper, and of all
other Union men, ready at the outbreak of the
rebellion to band together, and to sink or swim
in battling for the preservation of the Govern-
ment, it is to be expected, although heretofore
united in creating a comparatively high tariff
aa a war measure, that there might be some
contrariety of opinion, as the danger passes
away, about the proper gauge of duties, pro-
tection, or uon-protectiou, which ought to mark
our public policy.
I propose to explore the ground upon which
the Republican partyt the party of the Union,
stands on this question, and to see whether
there is necessarily any such antagonism as
should on principle now or hereafter divide the
votes of its members.
First, we have to consider a tariff for reve-
nue with discriminations for the protection of
American industry. Second, free trade abso-
lute. Third, a tariff for revenue solely, alias
"revenue reform," and showingno more favor
to American interests than to those of Europe
or Africa, or of New Zealand, or of the Tycoon
of Japan. Practically the first is the extremest
point asked for by tlie advocates of protec-
tion. The second is what the antagonists of
the first proposition commend without mean-
ing to adopt, as they extol a benu'.y whom they
-xould by no means wed; and they studiously
conceal the fact that direct taxes on land, ex-
cises, and taxes on incomes tread on the he<;ls
of free trade, and would become, if that were
to prevail, the only source of revenue. The
third proposition h what is realty aimed at by
all the most decorous supporters of free trade
as well as by all those who indulge in the most
v' pe rous den u nciat i o n s of protection. All these
unite in general dogmatism, as they unite npon
a tariff which wou!d throw npon oar own peo-
ple all its burdens, shorn of all compensating
benefits, or a tariff that would leave foreign
free-traders nothing to ask for, and everything
for our own people in the way of taxation to
lament.
Mr. President, tbe importance of the snbject,
(he differecce of opinion among good men, and
nothing in my manner of treatment will jnstify
me in taxing the patience of the Senate to listen
to a speech, as it may be almost assumed that
every Senator would rather deliver his own
opinion in advance than to hear an argument
on this vexed and grave question of political
economy ; but as one of the Senators coming
from an agricultural State I may at least claim
in its consideration credit for impartiality, and
I hope, also, for truthfulness ana candor.
COJiBTlTtJTIOKAL ACTBORITT.
8ome of the opponents of protection to Amer-
ican industry have occasionally ventured to deny
the power of Congress to levy duties for any
other object than revenue. Although this denial
flies in the face of the fact that the power has
been much more broadly exercised in all our
history, from the first Congress to the last, by the
early framers of oar Government and all their
successors, by Federalists and Republicans,
Whigs and Democrats, still it may not be im-
proper to stop a moment to consider the ques-
tion of eonstitu tional authority. It is not enough
to remember that one of the main reasons for
escaping from colonial bondage was that we
might foster and protect the trade and com-
merce of yonng America; but we must exam-
ine the work ot' their bands, and show that they
did not stultify themselves by placing restric-
tions in the Constitution which would prevent
them from offering either direct or incidental
encoaragement and protection to agriculture or
manufactures or commerce. The second act of
the First Congress, passed on the 4th of July,
1780, has in its preamble this distinct avowal
of its purpose: "for the encouragement and
protection of manufactures," which is an inter-
pretation of the Constitution made by its found-
ers, carried into effect at the earliest possible
moment, that no amount of ingenious caviling
can reverse or confound.
Free trade is a dogma of modern growth,
and among the early American statesmen was
unknown and without a champion. It had
then no foothold in the legislation or policy
of any civilised nation, living or dead, and it
would be absurd to claim that the revolution-
ists of 1770 incorporated into their Constitu-
tion a policy not then begun even in Great
Britain, for the policy of Sir Robert Peel had
no legislative birth until 1846! Free trade is
by no means an American invention; and were
we to adopt it now, to use the language of
Franklin, experience would soou " rap our
knuckles."
Great Britain had so hampered our export
trade, that it was deemed important expressly
to provide that no tax or duty should oe laid
on articles exported from any State. This was
done to enable every part of our country to
sell whatever they produced free of tax, and
to compel the Government to resort to duties
on imports for itssupporl,and not to an export
duty bearing upon one portion of the country
and not another. The framers of the Consti-
tution well knew that taxing imports and let-
ting exports go free tends to place the balance
of trade on the right side and always in our
favov, unless the currency is deranged. But as
to duties on imports, there was no limitation,
except that all duties, imposts, and excises
were to be "uniform throughout the United
Slates," and this condition, that they should
be uniform, was to make them more efficient.
The separate States, like the German States in
recent times, surrendered their power over for-
eign trade, and for greater advantages and
protection established what may be called the
Zolverein. The power is granted in the fol-
lowing truly national and unlimited terms:
" The Congress shall have power to lay and eolleet
taxes, duties, impoota, aod excises. to pay the debts
and provide for the common defense and general
welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts,
and excises shall be uniform throughout the United
States."
And, again, full power is granted—
" To regulate commerce with foreign nations and
among the several States and with the Indian
tribes."
These provisions only need to be once read
to see that the power of Congress to levy duties
and to regulate commerce with foreign nations
is commensurate with all its obligations to our
own people, and entirely clear of any pretended
and impracticable restrictions which would
limit its operations to the sole idea of revenue.
The power is sovereign and to be exercised
solely at the discretion of the representatives
of the people. They are to judge what it is
expedient to do to pay the public debts, pro-
vide for the common defense and general
welfare. We can levy duties upon twenty
articles or a thousand, put them in the form of
specifics or ad valorem*, and all articles at one
rate or a hundred different rates, only they
must be " uniform throughout the United
States." Under this power we have estab-
lished an embargo, non-intercourse, counter-
vailing or retaliatory duties. We have pro-
| tected our shipping interests by levying higher
; duties npon merchandise coming in foreign
I ships than in American, and also by higher
duties upon the indirect trade beyond the Cape
i of Good Hope than the direct trade, and
1 further still by giving to our own vessels the
! monopoly of the coasting trade.
The constitutional power of Congress in
arranging a tariff of duties plainly and palpably
goes far beyond the mere power of securing
, revenue. It is too late to aeny the power of
| protection, or that power which places higher
I duties upon luxuries than upon the necessaries
I of life. Of course practically we shall not
attempt to raise more revenue than may be
actually required for an economical support of
the Government, but within that limit no friend
of the American Constitution, it seems to me,
would expunge one of its most benelicent and
paternal features,'or deny that we liavo the
power to make our own selection of the duti-
able articles, and to fix the rates, discriminat-
ing or not discriminating, as sound policy may
require. That policy may change, but the Con-
stitution will forever maintain the power of
protection. It is for Congress alone to judge
what is expedient. Its power is imbedded in
the foundation stones ot the Republic.
MONOrOLT OF COLONIAL TRADE,
The Old World in tho seventeenth century
gratified its supremest pride in the establish-
ment and maintenance of the colonial system
in the New World, not for the purpose of con-
ferring benefits upon man socially, politically,
or even religiously, but with the paramount
design of monopolizing trade for the advantage
of the mother country. To this end they built
navies, made wars, exterminated the abori-
gines, and enslaved the African race. Spain,
England, France, Holland, and Portugal were
all equally nefarious and equally emulous
rivals in their ambition, greed, and brutality.
Spain wrought out its purpose by confining
the whole commerce of New Spain to the flota
and galleons which annually departed from
Sevillo or Cadiz to Vera Cruz or Carthagena,
where in a fair of forty days they contrived, by
fixing the prices of both what they sold and
bought, to sell dearly their own manufactures
and to buy cheaply the more valuable products
of theNew World, especially the silver brought
to the fair by caravans of mules, which often
subsequently, while on board the plate fleet,
became the prize of the Tortuga buccaneers.
England reached a similar result by her navi-
gation laws, only repealed in 1849, which con-
fined the trade exclusively to British ships clad
with British sails and manned by British sea-
men. Her colonies were made dependent upon
the mother country for the whole of their sup-
plies, and in return could dispose of no more
of their own products than were called for by
the mother country, and at prices fixed without
competition with the demands of any other
portion of the world. The colonists might fell
forests, delve in mines, raise tobacco; but, said
even Lord Chatham—
"The British colonists in North America harqno
right to manufacture so much as a nail for a horse-
i shoo."
I All true Britons still argue in the tame
groove, and with the same purpose, though
since 1847 they hide it under the name of free
trade, but they are all thoroughly persuaded
that any colony, or even the United States,
is guilty of superlative folly when they or we
undertake manufactures, while Britons could
do it so much more profitably if others were
only content to supply them meantime with
cheap bread, as they might, and be satisfied to
glut their own market and Great Britain's too
with that very necessary article. But Lord
Sheffield went further than even Lord Chatham,
saying:
" Tho only use of Amerioan colonies, or the West
India islands, is the monopoly of their consumption
and the carriage of their produce."
This is still the idea of English statesmen,
and some of their best thinkers are striving to
slip away from the expense involved in the
ownership and defense of colonies, and yet
retain by some undefined reciprocity of good-
will and citizenship, or by a dim protectorate,
the same monopoly of trade.
For instance, if the Canadas will only adhere
to monarchical institutions they may extem-
porize peerages and parliaments in any way
they please; and if they will not close the
door to British trade, they may at any time,
after a little "reluctant, amorous delay," be
independent; not only so, but shall have a
treaty guarantee, should any such burly aggres-
sors as Grant, Sherman, or Sheridan became
