4234
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
country. The national bankshave a monopoly
of the banking business; and where a national
bank exists no other can exist alongside of it
on t.he greenback basis. Repeal your national
bank system, destroy this monopoly, and you
will find capital engaging in banking in every
town in this rfide land where there is business
enough to justify it on the greenback basis.
Why should these not be banks on the green-
back basis if the national banks were out of
the way, banks where the money of the coun-
try would be deposited and utilized.
Banking is a profitable business in all civil-
ized countries. Through the agencies of banks
capitalists are enabled to lend their own money
with greater facility and on better terms than
in any other way, and they are also enabled
to lend large sums of other people's money
placed in the bank on deposit. The profits of the
business have always in modern times proved
a sufficient inducement to capitalists to estab-
lish banks wherever a large business was being
done. They are found in sufficient number in
Great Britain and on the Continent, where the
notes of private banking institutions do not
circulate. Why should we not have them too?
But, sir, facts are better than theory or argu-
ment, and we have facts to uphold my view of
this question, [n the States of California and
Oregon we have sufficient banking facilities to
collect the money of the country so as to admit
of its being utilized. The country is prosper-
ous, bankers grow rich, and they cost the Gov-
ernment nothing. We have but one national
bank oti the coast, and that is one of small
capital, in my State.
Now, sir, if these national banks were out
of the way, if this odious monopoly were de-
stroyed, there is 110 reason why private bankers
on a greenback basis would not do for the
country on this side of the continent what they
have done and are doing on its western slope
011 a coin basis. The inducements to engage
iii the business are precisely the same with
either currency as a basis. I repeat, sir, that
the lack of banking facilities in the West is
owing to the national bank system, and you
have only lo destroy it and issue greenbacks in
the place of the national banknotes to obviate
the difficulty.
The advantages afforded that system by ex-
isting laws prevent banking on auy other basis
where the national banks have the field ; but
with them out of the way, private banks would
immediately take their places, and go where
they have not gone, as well. In this way you
can most effectually equalize the banking facil-
ities of the country, and at the same time save
the Government thesum of 518,000,000 yearly,
which amount is now paid to the banks for
doing what others would do as well for noth-
ing except the legitimate profits of the busi-
ness. You will also give the people the superior
currency instead of the inferior, as at present.
You admit that the greenback is the superior
currency by making ihe other redeemable in it.
Why not give us at once that which is both
the best and the cheapest? If only the inter-
ests of the people were consulted there would
be no hesitation about doing so. It is farther
claimed by the advocates of this bill that it
ought to pass, so as to give a much-needed
increase of currency to the West and South.
.Sir, this is a delusion. It does not matter
where the currency is issued. It will go where
it is needed, as the greenback does. We have
a national bank in my State, as I have before
stated, but its notes do not circulate there.
They are in New York, in Boston, here in
\\ ashington, all over the country where they
are needed, and we have not a dollar more cur-
rency in Oregon because we have the bank
(hero. It would be so in the nearer West. As
you increase (he volume of the currency you
wiH increase the amount in circulation there;
but the fact that it may be issued there rather
than in the East will make 110 difference.
The only argument in favor of a redistribution
of the national banks, if they are to be con-
tinued, that I am able to see is to equalize the
prolits of the business among the people of all
sections of the country. If these $18,000,000
and more are to be taken from the Treasury
every year for the benefit of the banks, then
they ought to be redistributed ; that is, if the
people of the West and South have the capital
to invest in the business ; if they have not,
nothing will be gained. If the money is all to
be made by the eastern capitalist it matters
little whether the business is done west or east
of the Alleghanies.
My friends from the West and the South
want an increased currency. Let me suggest
to them how they can obtain it in the simplest
manner possible, and with the least possible
injury to the business of the country. [Here
the hammer fell.] I would like two or three
minutes more in order to complete the state-
ment which I have commenced.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask unanimous consent
that thegeutlemanhaveadditional time allowed
him.
No objection was made ; and leave was ac-
cordingly granted for Mr. Smith, of Oregon, to
proceed.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. The point I was
going to make was this: under the existing
law you require a large greenback reserve in
every one of these national banks for the pur-
pose of redeeming the national bank notes.
You practically withdraw from circulation
that amount of money. If you will pass the
bill repealing this whole national bank system
you will liberate all this greenback reserve,
and without adding to the volume of the cur-
rency you willto that extent add to the amount
in circulation. In this way our friends of the
South and West will be relieved ; the green-
back will lake the place of the bank note, an
odious and unjust monopoly will be destroyed,
and the burdens of the people will be relieved.
I am aware, Mr. Speaker, that any extension
of my time i3 at the expense of gentlemen who
are to follow me, and I will not further detain
the House or trespass on their rights.
Mr. BENJAMIN, Mr. W1LLAHD, and Mr.
ROOTS sent to the Clerk's desk amendments
which they proposed to offer to the bill, and
which were ordered to bo printed.
Mr. PACKER and Mr. BULICHARD then
addressed the House. [The speeches will be
published in the Appendix.]
Mr. LA WHENCE. Mr. Speaker, I cannot
vote for the bill (H. R. No. 1900) to increase
banking facilities, and for other purposes, as
it came from the Committee on Banking and
Currency, for reasons which time will not now
permit me to fully state.
If the bill should pass and be carried into
operation the effect of it may, I think, be
briefly stated.
It will create new national banks and increase
the bank-note circulation $95,000,000. Wo
need more currency, but will this bill furnish
the proper relief in that respect ? I think not.
When the first $45,000,000 of bank notes
shall be issued under the bill the Secretary
of the Treasury will be required to—
Redeem and cancel an amount of the three per cent,
temporary loan certificates, issued under the acts of
M:troh 2,1S67, and July 26, 1SCS.
equal in amount with the bank notes so issued.
Bylaw these certificates have been made and
are a "reserve fund" for the national banks
required by section thirty of the national bank
act of Juno 3, 18G4; that is, they are held in
lieu of lawful money, greenbacks, as a fund to
redeem bank notes. Under the existing laws
if the three per cent, certificates shall be can-
celed their place must be supplied with green-
back currency. The result of this, then, will
be not an increase in the volume of paper
money in circulation, but merely an increased
issue of §45,000,000 in national bank notes,
the cancellation of $45,000,000 of three per
cent, certificates, and the withdrawal from cir-
culation of $45,000,000 of greenbacks, which
will be locked up as a "reserve fund" in the
banks, taking the place of the three per cent,
certificates. The only advantage to the Gov-
ernment will be that by the cancellation of the
§45,000,000 of three per cent, certificates it
will be relieved of paying three per cent, inter-
est on them. But this the Government can do
without passing this bill, and possibly the
money required to do this can be better em-
ployed by the Government in paying off a por-
tion of the national debt bearing a greater rate
of interest.
But, then, the bill authorizes in all $95,-
000,000 of bank notes. If it stopped with the
provision I have stated there would, after
taking up the three per cent, certificates, re-
main $50,000,000 of new national bank notes.
But the bill requires the Secretary of the
Treasury to—
redeem and cancel an amount of United States
notes (greenbacks) equal to eighty per cent, of the
amount of additional circulating (bank) not.es issued.
That is, while there will be $50,000,000 of
bank notes issued there will be canceled
$40,000,000 of the outstanding greenbacks;
and by reason of this there will be an increase
of the interest-bearing debt of the nation to
the same amount.
Forty millions of greenbacks on which the
nation pays no interest will be canceled and a
debt of an equal amount must result, to be
funded at not less than four and a half per
cent, interest, and thus making an increase of
interest to be paid annually of $1,800,000.
I do not see in this bill any advantages suf-
ficient to justify its passage.
I propose to offer an amendment which,
while not necessarily increasing the actual cur-
rency in circulation, will enable the banks to
loan out §55,000,000 of greenbacks now locked
Bp as a " reserve fund" and idle in the banks.
In aspeech which I had the privilege of mak-
ing in this House on the 1st of April I stated
my views on this provision, and I will not repeat
them now. In its practical effect it would give
$55,000,000 more currency for circulation.
It maybe asked, why not issue $100,000,000
of greenbacks at once instead of the two per
cent, bonds? I answer, because we all know
no bill so providing can pass this House. It
could not reteive the vote of the Democratic
members of the House. The last national
convention of that party did not indorse an
increase of the greenback currency. The re-
cent Democratic State convention in Ohio did
not indorse it. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Cox] yesterday called the attention of
my colleague [Mr. Mokgax] to this fact, and
said the convention "had dropped out" the
greenback plank from the platform.
I believe we ought to have more currency,
either by new banks or bonds at a reduced rate
of interest, or by an issue of $50,000,000 of
greenbacks, and then when the outstanding
"five-twenty bonds" should be funded at a
lower rate of interest I would annually increase
the issue of currency, not by any unreasonable
inflation, but so that the currency should only
keep pace with the increase of population and
business, without any inflation, and then grad-
ually tome to the resumption of specie pay-
ments. The provision I offer is practicable
and economical, and would, if adopted, furnish
an adequate currency. If found useful by ex-
perience the policy could bo enlarged in the
future.
In thirty years from this time our population
will reach over a hundred millions, and by the
means I have suggested at the close of this
century the whole bonded indebtedness of the
country may be taken up and exist only in the
form of greenback currency, receivable in pay-
ment of all public dues.
No dollar of tax need be levied on the peo-
ple to pay the principle of the debt in the
meantime, but it ought to be funded at a lower
rate of interest as speedily as may be found
practicable. When the business and popula-
tion of the country will require the whole debt
to exist in the form of currency, if " a national
