388
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 24,
Ho. of Reps.
Post Office, Appropriations—Mr. Blair.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
the-erring with generous examples, and in the
name of Christian charity heal up the breach.
Yon have nothing to fear but much to hope
from the removal of the disabilities of the peo-
ple of the South. Late advices bring renewed
assurances that our people are more and more
oblivions to the arena of party strife; and with
a determination on the part of our officials to
execute the law in every hamlet we feel secure.
With such safeguards thrown around us as
the shield of the law, with the great change
of public sentiment in our State, and a dis-
position on the part of the tried friends of
the Government to be generous to their neigh-
bor, X insist, sir, that love even for political
party should bo sufficient, if higher and nobler
principles were wanting, to prompt us to acts
of magnanimity and quell overy rising thought
of disfranchisement. Let us foster a kind
feeling by a restoration of rights, now that the
fifteenth amendment is an accomplished fact,
and has become a part of tho permanent law
of the land, bestowing universal suflrago; let
us havo universal amnesty, and in the words
of the President, which words will go down to
posterity in the world's laconics, '' Let us havo
peace."
Having carefully considered this subject, I
am fully convinced that the passage of House
bill No. 1481 would justly restore to the citi-
zens of Mississippi cherished rights forfeited
by the act of secession, place them in statu quo
ante helium, and promote tho peace and pros-
perity of tho people of the State.
Post Offico Appropriations.
SPEECH OF HON. AUSTIN BLAIIl,
Oif JIICniQAK,
Jw the House or Bepreshmativea,
May 24, 1870,
Tho JIouso bolng In Committoo of tho WUolo on tho
bill (II. R. No. 1S28) waking appropriation.-) for tho
sorvico of tho Post Offioo Department for tho fiaoal
your ending Jons 30,1871.
Mr. BLAIR. Mr. Chairman, that tho Post
OfficB Department does not realize tho just
expectations of tho country is too clear to
admit of -dispute. It has become not only a
serious burden to tho Treasury, but it has en-
tirely failed to meet tho requirements of the
public service. Large annual appropriations
are required to meet its deficiencies, and tho
prospects of futuro relief are not encouraging.
There appears no reasonable ground for nope
of cheaper postage, at least for years to come.
Our revenues from other sources increase in a
greater ratio than the most sanguine calcula-
tions have ventured to predict, but the postal
revenues are notably an exception. Here tho
increase of expenses outruns tho increase of
the revenues.
WHAT IS TUB MATTUIt?
Tho Postmaster General, in his lato annual
report tothe President, attempts to discuss
this question, to expose tho vices of the system,
anil to find a remedy, lie finds no fault with
tho postal system itself, much less with tho
management under it, but still thinks he baa
discovered the real difficuliy. He speaks mod-
estly thusj
" "When I accepted at your hands tho position of
1 ostmastor General 1 propounded to myself two
questions: how can tho postal service of tho country
bo mademost officiant? and how can it bo relieved
Iromr.tieheavydeliciencies annually charged against
1 Knowing it to bo your desire tluit tho Depart-
ment should bo restored to a self-sustaining con-
dition as rapidly as a faithful discharge of its du-
nes wou.d permit, I ljavo diligently sought tho truo
answers to tho above questions. As far as lay in my
power during my short administration I havo re-
duced the expenditures and increased tho revenues
of tho 1'epartnit'nt; but notwithstanding my efforts
I found myselfat tho end of (ho fiscal year confronted
with a deficit of S5,."5,j,(i,i0 SO. Though this amount
is less than thodefiext provided for by appropriation:--.
it is yet large enough to stimulate me to inquire
carefully into the causes of such enormous arrears.
"Tho principal causes operating to prevent the
Department from beoommg self-sustaining are
three, to wit:
" 1. The depreciation of the paper currency.
"2. Unpaid postages on printed matter.
" 3. The franking privilege."
It is a comfort to know that the Postmaster
General did not seek the "position," but only
"accepted" it; that he has "propounded"
to himself two very interesting questions, to
which he has evolved three very satisfactory
answers, provided always that they turn out to
be answers at all. It is also comforting to find
that the deficit, though less than the amount
"provided for by appropriations," "is yet
large enough to stimulate him to inquire care-
fully into the causes of such enormous arrears.''
The first of these causes, we are informed, is
merely temporary, and will shortly, cure itself,
which seems evident enough* from the rapid
appreciation of the currency.
The second cause the Postmaster General
amplifies as follows i
"Again, the Department !s defrauded out of a
largo amount of postage on newspapers by partios
who, whilo professing to be sending out papers from
known offices of publication to regular and bonafido
subscribers, are in faot loadingthemailswlth 'speci-
men' papors and mora business circulars, disguised
in tho form of nowspapors."
That this charge against the newspaper peo-
ple has some foundation there can be no doubt,
but that it very seriously affects the revenues
of tho Department there is not much reason to
believe. In fact it is evident that tho Postmas-
ter General himself does not attach much im-
portance to it, since he proceeds at once to
dismiss it thus:
"Tho fbrogoing aro ovils which doubtless ought
to bo corrected. It is possible, however, for tho Do-
partmont. to endure thorn, and yet retain a fair de-
trroo of efficiency. But the remaining cause of com-
plaint baa becorno intolerable, and must boremoved
if tho Department is to bc  saved from uttor demor-
alization. Tho franking privilegohas grown to bo an
tibuso so monstrous that it now threatens tho vory
lifo of tho serYioo."
THB riUSXIKQ PBIVILRRB.
Here we have it, sir. This is the "mon-
strous abuso " that has occasioned the deficit.
Tho expense of this privilege, we are told,
"now exceeds theonormous sum of $5,000,000
annually, of which about one half is paid
on fraudulent matter." No wonder that tho
Houso precipitately, without either consid-
eration or debate, hurried through a bill to
abolish free matter. Wo aro astonished that
it was not done long ago. True, the Post-
master General did not give us many facts, but
he pleaded mightily in this fashion :
"In England tho postal servico was rescuod from
pitiable imbecility and incllicioncy bytho illustrious
ltowland Hill and his associates in 1839; but it was
necessary first to destroy this badgo of subserviency
to rank and class, although in that country it was
limitod both in the number of privileged porsons
and inthenumbor of letters oaeh could frank per
day. So hero, as tho initial step to reform, I earn-
estly urge tho total abolition of tho franking privi-
lege."
Ah 1 England. Sho is tho model for every-
thing ; and she has an illustrious Rowland
TTill. We, too, must havo an illustrious Row-
land Hill, and his name shall bo J. A. J. And
ho is such an impetuous person, too. Ho would
not wait for our slow motions, but while he
was assailing the monstrous abuse of franking
he rushed into franking himself with tenfold
energy, and sethis whole army of twenty-seven
thousand three hundred and seventy-eight post-
masters at it with might and main ; and in
order that ho might be better supplied with
facts hereafter, he set them all to weighing
his mountains of petitions and circulars and to
returning them under franks, which were them-
selves a violation of law. They came in upon
us like a flood, filling up the Globe at immense
coat, incumbering the clerks' desks, and fairly
buiying the struggling chairman ot' the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads. He
was obliged to report a bill immediately to
escape suffocation.
Verily, sir, "the best way to cause the repeal
of an obnoxious law is to carry it into vigor-
ous execution." The Senate impertinently
demanded to know how much money was being
expended in these proceedings and by what
authority of law they were set on foot. The
answer came very tardily, but the wisdom of
the weighing business was apparent. There
was a new calculation which reduced the former
speculations on the cost of franking.about one
half, and any one can see what a fearful falling
off there would have been but for the vigorous
assault of the army of twenty-seven thousand
three hundred and forty-eight.
The postmasters did their best for their chief.
Under his instructions they procured as many
signers as they could to the petitions, and then
having carefully weighed them sent them to
the culprit member for presentation to the cul-
prit House. Whether they were weighed again
in every office through which they passed does
not appear. In many of the smaller offices the
only free matterwas the petitions and circulars,
and in some a£the larger ones they constituted
more than half of it.
But I do not intend to discuss here and now
tho wisdom of abolishing the franking privi-
lege. That has been done so far as this House
ean do it, and the bill had my vote. I am con-
tent with the vote, and propose to stand by it.
It will help the Department some to be rid of
free matter; but it will fall very far short of
the grand results claimed for it. And I am
certain that the Postmaster General has failed
to apprehend the real causes of the failure of
his Department to be self-sustaining.
TUB HEAL CAUSES OF TUB FAILURE.
The real causes of this failure seem to me to
be two, namely: First, that in the organization
of the postal system itself tho range of business
is too various and with too little responsibility
to those who aro expccted to employ it; and
second, that there is a great want of business
talent in its management, whereby it fails to
accomplish what it otherwise might easily do.
Upon the first of these causes I do not pro-
pose now to dwell at any considerable length.
The postal service is a business and nothing
but a business, and whoever undertakes to un-
derstand it and to remedy its deficiencies must
enter upon his work as a business man. Any
person of setiso who was engaged in tho ex-
press business, making regular trips over a
certain line, confined to the carrying of partic-
ular articles only, if he found his business unre-
munerative would at once consider whether he
might not increase his profits by extending his
operations by the carriage of other articles.
Having necessarily to employ agents to run
the line, it would be important to find business
enough to occupy them fully. And he -would
also be likely to consider whether or not the
terms upon which he was carrying on the busi-
ness were such as to suit the wishes of his
employers and to inspire their confidence and
active support. He would perceive at once
that his profits would depend as much upon
the amount of business ho was enabled to do
as upon the prices at which it was done.
Now, I think it will not require argument to
prove that in these respects tho Post Office
Department has long been at fault. It does
not extend the range of its business by carry-
ing other small packages than such as are now
carried at moderate rates, so as to increase the
income, and it has never made itself respons-
ible for those it does carry in any such manner
as to inspire public confidence. The people
employ it to the extent they do only because
the law compels them to do so. It will take
a valuable letter and send it by its own agents
to its destination, provided they will carry it
safely; but if they steal it. you are left without
a remedy. There is some attempt to cure this
