90
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
any supposition, however remote, that Sena-
tors and Representatives would under any cir-
cumstances be guilty of a willful violation of
their oath to support the Constitution, by pass-
ing an act self-evidently repugnant thereto.
That oath binds them as much as the judges,
and is held as sacred by them as by the judges;
arid its supposed possible violation by either is
no premise from which to draw a conclusion
in favor of or against any power in the other.
3. The argument drawn by the court from
the cases supposed, even if considered to pos-
sess force, goes to prove nothing but the right
of the court in just that class of cases to hold
an act of Congress unconstitutional. Two kinds
of legislative infraction of the Constitution
might exist: first, that which is plain and self-
evident to all intelligent minds, needing no
argument, but only a reading of the Constitu-
tion and the act to show it palpably and beyond
question, as in the instances put by the court;
and secondly, that which is not plain and self-
evident, but if capable of being shown must be
shown by exposition, deduction, argument,
and inference, and is therefore a mere matter
of opinion, about which opinions might and
certainly would differ. Concede the right of
the court to hold an act void in the latter and
weaker case and you establish it, a fortiori, in
(he former and stronger; but conceding it in
the stronger does not sustain it in the weaker,
for in the stronger the violation does not rest
in opinion, but is a plain and palpable fact,
while in the weaker it is but a matter of opin-
ion ; and whether the fact be one way or the
other can in the nature of things never be fully
and finally decided. The court may hold it
one way and the Congress another ; the court
as composed this year may decide it one way,
and the court of next year, differently com-
posed, another way, and so of the Congress.
Hence the impossibility of giving to u mere
opinion the force of a palpable fact; and hence
the failureof the illustrations used by the court
to sustain its asserted right in any other than
the exact description of oases supposed by it,
where the infringement of the Constitution
stands out as a well-defined and indisputable
fact.
To what will any other view lead ? The legis-
lation of Congress will be continually arraigned
before the judiciary and liable to be over-
thrown by the opinion of a mere majority of
the nine judges composing the Supreme Court.
The Congress may pass and the President ap-
prove a bill, after a full and able discussion in
both Houses of its constitutionality, or it may
be passed by a two-thirds vote over the Pres-
ident's veto, and yet the law be held unconsti-
tutional by five of the nine judges, whose opin-
ion, shaped by their order in a judgment entry,
strikes it down. Four of the court one way,
four the other way, and the ninth man, possi-
bly the weakest of all, sits umpire over the
exercise of the nation's sovereignty by its Con-
gress, and, as his opinion is pro or con, arrests
or permits to proceed. And if competent for
that in the case of a law passed by a majority
or by two thirds of both Houses, his voice would
be equally potential over a law for which every
member of both had recorded his vote. The
fact is, that the power of the judiciary once
firmly established in this respect is without
any assignable limit. It may reason itself into
declaring any act unconstitutional, and the
time might come when the doctrine of " checks
and balances" would be exemplified in a Con-
gress checkmated by the courts, and a Govern-
ment on a dead balance, from which only force,
perhaps bloodshed, could move it.
4, But I mean not to be understood as ad-
mitting that even in the extreme cases put by
the court the judicial power is charged by the
Constitution with the protection of the people
against the unconstitutional acts of their own
representatives. Take those cases—take any
case of direct and palpable legislative viola-
tion of the Constitution, and what name would
you give it? It could be called by no other
name than Revolution; for its design would be,
as its probable effect, to overthrow the Con-
stitution in some of its parts; and any such
legislation is in its very essence an act of rev-
olution. How could the judiciary stay a rev-
olution? Where is its opportunity ? where its
material strength? where its armed force to
sustain its process? Its power is not self-mov-
ing, but must be invoked in some case of some
of the descriptions named in the Constitution ;
and while it waits for such a ease, the revolu-
tion speeds beyond the possibility of its reach.
But if it should attempt to arrest the progress
of the revolution by legal process, how long
could it stand before a body commanding the
national power, and intent on using it in sup-
port of its revolutionary designs? Its utter
feebleness in the presence of such a force, the
total absence of any adequate means to resist
it, the ease with which the judges might be
deposed by legislation no more unscrupulous
than that which inaugurated the revolution,
all show that the Constitution does not look to
the judiciary as its protecting power against
a revolutionary outbreak in the Halls of Con-
gress.
These are my-answers to the illustrations
drawn by the Supreme Court from supposed
cases of palpable and self-evident violation of
the Constitution by Congress. I proceed now
to other points.
The fundamental positions of the court are
in the following sentences of its opinion:
"It is emphatically the province and duty of the
judicial department to say what the law is. Those
who apply the rule to particular cases must of neces-
sity expound and interpret that rule. If two laws
conflict with each other, the courts must decide on
the operation of each.
"If ft law bo in opposition to the Constitution; if
both the law and the Constitution apply to   partic-
ular case, so that tho court must either decide that
case couformably to tho law, disregarding the Con-
stitution. or couformably to the Constitution, disre-
garding the law, tlio court must determine which of
these conflicting rules governs the ease. This is of
the very essence of judicial duty."
The initial proposition here, " that it is em-
phatically the province and dut}; of the judicial
department to say what the law is," while true
in one sense, is not applicable to the question.
I concede that it is for the judiciary alone to
say what tho common law is, for that is but a
body of principles, usages, and rules of action
administered by the courts, but it is never
their province or duty to say what the statute
law is, in the sense which those words were
intended to convey. A court may decide
whether what purports to be a statute is in
form a legal enactment, and to that extent
may say what the statute law is; but beyond
that its function is merely to expound and in-
terpret the terms of the statute.
That this right of interpretation applies to
the case of two conflicting laws passed by the
same legislative authority, of course is not de-
nied. There it is incontestable that " the courts
must decide on the operation of each." Their
power in the premises is complete, and unem-
barrassed by extraneous questions of relative
authority; and their opinion must of neces-
sity decide the conflict, for there is no other
tribunal from which such a decision can be
had. _ But when a legislative act is alleged to
conflict with the Constitution, a different case
is presented; other questions must be solved ;
and difficulties not arising in the case of con-
flicting laws must be disposed of. A conflict
between two legislative acts does not necessa-
rily make either void; but when a legislative
act is repugnant to the Constitution it must be
held void to the extent of such repugnancy;
no other disposition can be made of it. In the
case of an alleged conflict between an act of
Congress and the Constitution, among the
questions peculiar to that case and not found
in that of two conflicting statutes, and which
must be settled, is this specific one: What is
the legal character and effect of the passage by
Congress of a legislative act? This will be seen
to lie at the foundation of this subject.
The Congress is composed of Senators and
Representatives, each of whom is sworn to
support the Constitution. Authorized by the
people to exercise their highest sovereign at-
tribute, they are thereby invested with the sole
and exclusive capacity aud right of judging
and determining the necessity and propriety
of any law, without appeal from t heir decision
save to their constituents. This is too plain a
proposition to need more than its mere state-
ment. Their decision on those points has
therefore the legitimate and full force of a
judgment binding on all persons and authori-
ties, continuing in force until reversed by the
Congress itself, and subject to review only by
Congress or the people.
Does the right of judgment in Congress stop
there? Congress acts under a Constitution
which imposes limitations upon its power, and
each Senator and Representative is as much
bound by his oath to support those limitations
as any other part of the instrument. Shall he
not judge whether any bill upon which he is
required to vote is within or without those
limitations? If not, to what purpose was he
sent here ? And if he may not judge on that
point, who shall? Does the Constitution pre-
scribe some other judgment than his own, and
bid him follow it? No, sir; no. The people
send each of us here because they suppose us
capable of understanding and honest in con-
struingour powers; but whether we are always
so or not, they send us here to pass judgment
upon the question of constitutionality when-
ever it comes up in the business of legislation.
None of us, then, can escape the sworn obliga-
tion, in connection with every bill brought before
us, to consider and adjudge, first and chiefly,
before any question of necessity or expediency,
the higher question of its constitutionality; an
obligation as complete and imperative as if
declared in express words in the Constitution.
The passage of any bill, therefore, is of
necessity a solemn legislative judgment of
both Houses that it is constitutional—a judg-
ment de jure and de facto, rendered by a
tribunal having exclusive jurisdiction of the
question in the first instance, and competent
to render it.
What is the authority and effect of that
judgment? He who attributes no higher char-
acter and import to an act of the supreme legis-
lative power of the nation than to one of a State
Legislature, or whose mind is preoccupied with
the conceded right of State courts to declare
State laws voidforunconstitutionality, or bound
to the old and deep-rooted error I am com-
bating, will surely answer, It has authority
until the judiciary decides otherwise and no
longer. But he who sees in it the expression
of the sovereign will of the nation, importing
just as much more of power, dignity, and
authority than that of a State, as the whole of
a nation is greater, more powerful, and more
august than any of its parts, will say, as I do,
that that judgment is the highest that can be
rendered in the premises ; that it is final and
conclusive on the point of constitutionality ;
that it cannot be arrested or set aside by any
other department of the Government; that no
appeal lies from it to any human power but
the people; and that every court is as much
bound to yield any adverse opinion it may
hold, and conform its judgment to that of
Congress, as an inferior court is bound to
obey the mandates of its judicial superior.
But it may be asked, Would the passage of
an act palpably and self-evidently repugnant to
the Constitution include such a judgment?
Manifestly not, for this reason. No such act
could possibly be passed without Congress
knowing its unconstitutionaiand revolutionary
character. It would therefore be intended by
that body to subvert the Constitution or some
part of it, and that intention would be as plain
as if there were by the order of Congress writ-
ten in the bill these words, This is an uncon-
stitutional and revolutionary act. Therefore the
passage of the act would not only contain no
judgment in fevor of its constitutionality, but
