1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2347
Air. SUMNER. The Senator means inten-
tion where the party is not a resident. Do I
so understand him?
Mr. TRUMBULL. He cannot change his
residence by intention alone, but, in the lan-
guage of this author—I read it again—a the
domicile of origin prevails." This relates of
course to a change of residence. Nobody doubts
that General Ames was formerly a resident of
Maine; he was born there; and when he went
to Mississippi that was his residence, and bis
going to Mississippi under orders did not change
it. Now, then—
"The domicile of origin prevails until the party
has not only acquired another, but has manifested
and carried into execution an intention of abandon-
ing his former domicile."
lie must carry into execution his intention.
That he never did in the State of Mississippi.
Mr. SUMNEB. - Is not that the case of
General Ames?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I say it is not.
Mr. SUMNER. Now, allow me to read a
much later and higher authority, Kay's Re-
ports in Chancery, 1854, a decision of the pres-
ent chancellor of England, being the case of
un officer, Scotch by birth, who went in pur-
suance of his military duties to India. The
court say:
''The question hero arises whether before 1807 the
Scotch domicile of the testator ceased by the acquisi-
tion of an Indian ov Anglo-Indian domicile, and I am
of opinion that it did." p : *' *
"I apprehend that the question does not turn upon
the simple fact of the party being under an obligation
by his commission to serve in India; but when an
oiScer accepts a commission or employment, the du-
ties of-which necessarily require residence in India,
and there is no stipulated period of service, and he
proceeds to India accordingly, the law from such cir-
cumstances presumes an intention consistent with
his duty, and holds his residence to be animo et facto
in India."
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the name of
that case ?
Mr. SUMNER. It is the case of Forbes vs.
Forbes. In this case there was a residence 
Mr. CASSERLY. Will the Senator from
Massachusetts allow me to ask him a question?
Sir. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. CASSERLY. I did not catch the name
of the book from which that authority was
read.
Mr. SUMNER. Kay's Reports in Chancery-
English reports.
Mr. CASSERLY. That decision refers, as
I understood the reading, to the caso of an
officer in the Bast India service.
Mr. SUMNER. Yes, sir.
Mr. CASSERLY. Probably the Senator
from Massachusetts may not be aware that
the law of England at that time did prescribe
by positive statute the domicile of an officer
iu the East India service to be in the East
Indies.
Mr. SUMNER. In the case now before us
there was residence in Mississippi. Nobody
can question it. General Ames was there on
the spot. There was then iu advance of his
election a declared purpose to remain as an
inhabitant of the State, and accompanying
that declaration there was the historic act that
ho became a candidate for the Senate of the
United States. All that you know, sir, by his
testimony, and the Senate has but one point
now before it: do yon believe General Ames?
That is all.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish, Mr. President, if
it is not asking too much, that my distinguished
friend from Massachusetts would read the cases
lie presents for himself before he cites them
for our instruction. The case of Forbes vs.
Forbes is one altogether familiar to the com-
mittee, and fifty others just like it, which sim-
ply decide, what everybody agrees to be the
law, that a person who is employed in a public
service which he can leave at his pleasure, and
is, therefore, the master of his own motions,
can take up his domicile where he likes. That
is what Forbes vs. Forbes decides, nothing
more and nothing less, as my friend would
have found if he had done us the honor to read
it through before ho raised it as an authority
in support of his position. And if my distin-
guished friend had read the California case he
would not havo stated to me, as he did in the
debate, that it covered the case of a military
appointment where a man went in pursuance
of military orders from one county in Califor-
nia to another. Hear what the chief justice
says on the subject in delivering his opinion:
"That section"—
Alluding to the clause of the California con-
stitution which has been referred to—
"That section does not add to or take from the
conditions upon which the fact of residence is made
to depend. It merely declares that 'no person shall
be deemed to havo gained or lost a residence by rea-
son of his presence or absence while employed in the
service of the United States.' which means simply
that in determining thefactof residence, presence or
absence in the service of the United States shall not
be taken into account, or, in other words, neither
presence nor absence in the service of the United
States is a condition upon which the fact oi residence
can be affirmedor denied. Ilcnee the mere fact that
Melindy came to Mendocino county in the capacity
of physician, MoG-rew in the capacity of supervisor,
and Whipple in the capacity of laborer to the Indian
reservation, did not. deprive the first of his former
residence in Siskiyou, nor the second of his former
residence in Sutter, nor the last of his former resi-
dence in Contra Costa. Nor did it preclude them
from acquiring a residence in Mendocino, if disposed
to do so. That it was their intention to acquire a
domicile in Mendocino county sufficiently appears
from the evidence."
And when you look at so much of the evi-
dence as there is in the book, which is very
slightindeed, as the case is imperfectly reported,
it appears that these gentlemen having suc-
ceeded in getting appointed to these employ-
ments, which they could accept or reject, or I
will say, these civil offices on an Indian reser-
vation to carry on their own private affairs there
and make money out of the Indians, had a right
to take up their residence there if they wished
to do so. That is a great way from the case
that was heralded to us by the Senator from
Massachusetts with so much of the air of triumph
as a case that concluded the question of a per-
son in the military service of the United States
who could have no will except that of the sov-
ereign whose service he was in, a service that
he could not leave, without being exposed to
be shot for desertion, without the consent of
that authority. I say it is quite a different case
from the case that was heralded to us when this
report was produced as authority for uphold-
ing the residence of General Ames in Missis-
sippi.
Mr. SUMNER. My friend will pardon me
if I remind him that I did not herald the case
at all except by reading the marginal note. I
read what the Senator can read if he turns to
the marginal note.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I ask my friend's
pardon. I certainly understood him to give
notice when he took the book out from his desk
that here was an authority—I am not quoting
his language, but giving the substance of what
he said—that was absolute, conclusive on the
very point that was being discussed as to the
nature of General Ames's position in Missis- ,
sippi when he went there under military orders.
If it was not cited for that purpose I should be
glad to be informed for what purpose it was
cited. I
Mr. SUMNER. It was cited to show that j
General Ames, though being there asa military j
officer, could gain an inhabitancy. j
Mr. EDMUNDS. The logic of that, then, j
is that because the California case decides that j
a civil officer who can go where he chooses may j
go where he chooses, therefore a military officer
who cannot go where he chooses may go where :
he pleases! That is the logic. It is very strong,
I must say, of the kind 1 But that is not the
worst of this case. The only judge upon the
bench whose opinions have had great weight
with me, or would have with my friend on any
other question than this, Judge Shafter, dis-
sented even from thatconclusion, and declared
in the most positive way—I will not take up the
time of the Senate to read it—that he could
not go even as far as the court went in giving
any effectatall to a civil residence taken up in
those counties under such circumstances,, and
he therefore held that those persons were not
inhabitants and were not entitled to vote there.
Mr. CONKLING. Before the Senator closes
that book I beg him to incorporate in his state-
ment of that ease this faet: that that constitu-
tional provision confirmatory, declaratory of
the general law, puts, in respect to the power
to acquire residence or the absence of that
power, military officers in. the same category
and upon the same par with persons in an
almshouse, and also with prisoners, persons
sentenced to the State prison.
Sir. EDMUNDS. Certainly it does; there
is no question about that; but as I said I would
not take the time to read what Judge Shafter
in his dissenting opinion so perfectly says in
illustration of this question, I only rose now
(because I did not intend to debate this sub-
ject at all) merely to show that the Senate
ought not to be carried off on a question of law
by an authority being cited by gentlemen who
have not taken the pains they usually do to see
what the book meaus before they ask us to
decide a question upon the authority of it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to read a para-
graph from the decision in Kay's Reports which
has been cited by the Senator from Massachu-
setts, in addition to what he said. A reference
is made in the opinion by the vice chancellor
to a decision which he explains as follows :
" But the mere possession of real estate, without
any residence, was held by LordStowell, in the Dree
Gaebraeders. to be insufficient to fix thedomicilo or
national character of the person not resident upon
it; and I think it concluded by authority, in which
conclusion my reason entirely acquiesees, that a
service in India, under a commission in the Indian
army, of a person having no other residence, crcatcs
an Indian domicile."
I took the ground the other day that General
Anies,havingin his youth abandoned the State of
Maine with no intention of returning there, had
in law no legal residence when he was sent to
Mississippi, and if that be the law, then the fact
that he was in the State of Mississippi under a
commission in the Army of the United States
gives him the right to claim his residence
th©r©.
Mr. CONKLING. May I ask the honorable
Senator, does he not know that by the British
statutes, enforced by the regulations of the
British army, persons in the service to which
he refers were upon a special and exceptional
footing? Does not the Senator know that
fact?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not know any such
fact; and it is impossible to cite an authority
here on this question that does not seem to be
an exception to all general rules. It is always
allowable to refer to what is laid down as a
general proposition by way of argument in
any case.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator will allow
me to remark that that mode of disposing of
my question, I think, rises as high as some of
the other modes of disposing of the undeniable
propositions of law in this case. The other day,
in opening the debate, I referred myself to this
very case, among others, for the purpose of
pointing out the distinction, uniformly recog-
nized in England for at least two centuries,
between officers upon half pay and persons m
the India service and military and naval officers
at large, to show that the case stands upon the
statutes and regulations which specifically, af-
firmatively, absolutely, take out of the category
of military and naval officers those_ persons and
place them upon a footing exceptional, a foot-
ing of their own; and the_ honorable Senator
then reads a case thus arising as if it applied
to others, and when his attention is ealie o
it he disposes of it by saying that all cases
which are produced here seem to be excep-
tl0Mr!'wiLLIAMS. I will ask the Senator if
it is true that all officers in the army of Great
Britain who are in India under a commission
upon half pay 
