3292
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*
May 9,
those engaged in manufactures and all who
gave them any countenance. They had a class
of laborers without wages which it was neither
useful nor safe to advance or to protect. All
this is now changed. It is obvious that pro-
tection by diversifying the industry will add
immensely to the wealth of the southern
States. Self-interest will soon triumph over
passion, and chronic prejudices will pass away.
Capital will instinctively go where it ia wanted
and safe to go, and it has no invincible repug-
nance to migrating in a direction where it
may find some assurance of hospitality. If
unjustly persecuted, it silently folds its tents
and departs to lands of greater promise, to
establish new emporiums of manufactures and
trade where the surroundings are tolerant and
congenial. The South, we may take it for
granted, will not long consent to sacrifice its
present vital interests to past theories of which
slavery was so long the conspicuous prop, and
which were ingulfed at the same moment
wheu that prop was knocked asunder.
iutije rsn ta&Da uxtiotitablk.
I shall make no apology lor frequent refer*
ence in the coarse of what I have to say to
frets touching the history of Great Britain, for,
singularly enough, the patrons of free trade
embroider all their arguments with illustrations
from this source, or from the journal of a
nation which reached its highest point of pros-
perity and power under the rigid enforcement
of the principle of protection, and which cer-
tainly has not increased the prosperity of-its
people nor added anything to its relative power
among nations by the adoption of later theories.
. It is frequently urged that if the policy of
free trad*; and direct taxation should be adopted
it would diminish the expenditures of the Gov-'
eminent, on the ground that taxes indirectly
collected are more lavishly used. Great Brit-
ain ia an example coming the nearest to free
trade of any civilized nation, and not unfit to
show whether this argument isor is not founded
upon any facts. The revenue of Great Brit-
ain in 1846 was £53,050,353; expenditures,
£49,232,713. lint the expenditures of 1869
had increased to £75,497,816, and the revenue
was only £72,591,991. This s'uows the mar-
velous increase of expenditures since the free-
trade policy was adopted of over 60 per cent.,
or £26,265,103, or about $125,000,000, while
the increase of population was exceedingly
small and disproportionate. This fact suffi-
ciently illustrates the vaunted economy of free
trade, but it is not the whole of the lesson
taught. The debt of Great Britain ia larger
than that of the United States, and t,he interest
and charges paid on this account last year
were £20,618,323, or, reckoning $5 to the
pound sterling, $133,091,615, being more than
that paid by the. United States. To sustain
her public credit the annual income of Great
Britain should not fall below her annual ex-
penditure. In 1846, the last year of protection,
it did not, aa there .was then an excess of
£3,817,640, but in 1868-69 there was a defi-
ciency of £2,905,925. This shows a balance
Of about $19,000,000 >on the right side under
protection, and a balance of $14,000,000 on
the wrong, side under free trade.
This is by no meant all that must be charged
to the account of free trade. . iiong years; of
protection to agriculture hod doubled the pro-
ducts of the land—that preHrainenee is still
maintainedj but even this increased yield has
net proved equal to the strain of free trade.:
Ofchernations are snatching from her every
unprotected article, every undefended outpost;
and the trade of Great Britain, though very
large, yields no contentment to the working
class, and very little profit to the capital in-
vested. Pauperism increases much more rap-
idly than population. Ia the last ten years
indoor paupers, wholly supported, increased
23]^ per cent.; the outdoor paupers (assisted)
increased 13^ per cent. The expenditures on
account of paupers increased 34$0a per cent.
Ia London during the same time the paupers
increased from 68,826 to 144,469, or 110 per
cent. These facts are undeniable and suffi-
ciently impressive, but there is one more that
should not be omitted. The increase of luna-
tics in the same period has been 45 per cent.
For only the last ten years that would seem to
be enough. Theso are the fruits of free trade
in Great Britain, where that theory might be
expected to succeed, if anywhere; but even
there, in view of these facts, it is a painful
and humiliating failure.
Is not the fact that the increase of wealth
from 1851 to 1861 in England was only 37 per
cent., while that of the United States from
1850 to 1860 was 126 per cent., a thorn in the
side of English free trade?
There is still another item in this deplorable
account. Almost in proportion to the poverty
and misery of any people will be found their
excessive use of intoxicating liquors. Of these
there were consumed in Great Britain, in the
past year, enough to float the Royal Navy, and
at acost of £89,000,500, ornearly $450,000,000.
How much of this was used to drown the misery-
of free .trade in merry old England who can
tell? Finally, there is no other nation which
provides on a vast scale, publicly and privately,
the means for her people to emigrate from their
homes. In 1868 the Government of Great Brit-
ain chartered ten ships to send off population
no longer wanted at home; but these ships were
equal, it will be seen, to only a fraction of the
immense business, for 196,825 of her people
departed from her shores never to return:
enough to load 400 ships, or more than one huge
steamer for every day in the year, and enough
to people a respectable State in our Republic 1
And these wero not confined to their Irish
Subjects, whose departure they have ceased to
deplore; but the Scotch and English went in even
larger numbers. They did liot stand upon the
order of their going, but went by ship-loads, on
deck or in the hold, and by thousands.
Need I give any more facts—and I derive
them all from British authority—to show up
the infelicities of free trade? Can any one after
this exp'036 want the American people to copy
this far-fetched, ill-Starred experiment?
Contrast our own position with that where
free trade is supposed to culminate in its highest
perfection, which we have just been consider-
ing. Our national revenue is-abundant and
the public debt is being rapidly diminished.
Free schools are maintained, and the ratio of
pauperism is less than that of any other people.
At the same time the coat, of intoxicating liquors
consumed is Only a little <more than one fourth
part of the.amoont consataed in Great Britain.
Our country is the One toward which the eyes
of the world, are; turned. It is the magnet
which attracts emigration from all Europe and
parts of Asia. In Germany men know that
they can earn in the United States much more
than from 16^ to 24 cents a day, and women
believe that they can here earn much more
th«a from 8^ to 14^ cents per day, These
are the rates they now reoeive. They know,
what is the fact, that our country is the one
before: all others where the poor can get xich.
At a publie meeting in Toronto,* Canada,
(March 25th,) it was stated by Mr. John Gor-
don that. England, with her free-trade policy,
had at the present time 1,500,000 able-bodied
men out of employment and 1,000,000 of pau-
pers." With,us there is plenty pf work, and
to Sod willing hands is our greatest difficulty.
The American policy is boldly to- invite for-
eigners, of whatever race or language, to reside
with us. labor, with us, and become naturalised
citizens if they choose. While obeying our
laws*, even resident aliens may travel all the
avenues of industry which are open to our own
citizens. We only say by our tariff laws that
they shall not do so except at the price of be-
coming residents. By this course we are not
oaly willing bub hope to invite foreign enter-
*Ihis meeting was called by free traders, but a
large majority turned out in favor of passing a reso-
tnticm l'ar protection.
prise, capital, and skill as a perpetual rein-
forcement to American industry and thrifr.
The blood, bone, and sinew of the Old World
are coming to our shores mainly from the fact
that here labor commands respect and enjoys
peculiar favor. It is protected. There liavo
been landed, accordingto Commissioner Wells,
352,569 immigrants within the past year. By
the encouragement of manufactures we en-
courage skilled artisans, men of brain 3, with
more or less technical culture in their heads
and capital in their pockets, to immigrate in-
stead of those who come in the uniform of the
work-house, only to dig ditches or to crowd the
slums of cities. If the last must come let us
induce a reenforcement from the better classes
also to come. If we have room for one class
let us make room for all—for agriculturists,
artificers, merchants, and professional men.
Less than twenty-five per cent of all the lands
in the southern States have ever been rent by
the plow. For the coming generation the
profits from the products of these States must
eclipse all others. The young giant States of
the West also, with their almost illimitable
expanse, need only to circumscribe their swine
fields to make way for the half of Europe.
Here is cheap bread and cheap coal, and here
in due time will manufactures find their choseu
seat.
Free trade would make us not only to bear
our own calamities, but those of all other na-
tions. When any disaster befalls a nation, so
thatit becomes unable to consume its own pro-
ducts, and they fall in price below the cost of
production, free trade opens .the doors for their
introduction elsewhere, but at the same time
throws out of employment and brings ruin upon
those who might otherwise have enjoyed an
undisturbed prosperity.
Protection regulates trade. Where that ex-
ists only partially, as in England, and the cur-
rent of trade begins to flow adversely, the onljr
remedy seems to be to> apply the torture of
bank contraction and to put up the rate of
interest until merchants can no longer obtain
credit on terms which permit them to import
foreign merchandise, or until prices of domes-
tic products are so much depressed that they
are worth less at home than anywhere else, and
therefore may be profitably exported.
Free trade grinds out its products by grind-
ing down wages. That is its first and foremost
mission. The lowest paid and worst fed work-
men must beat down all others and command,
though in an agony of sweat, the markets of
the world. Free trade enters into bonds from
the start to work for a smaller reward than all
the rest of the world, not excluding even the
breech-clothed and rice-fed Asiatics. Free
trade demands that the Irishman after be lands
here and votes the free-trade ticket shall not
be any better fed, clad, or housed than ho was
in the laud, to which he so lately and sadly bid
farewell forever. When our railroads are fin-
ished, and immigrants from the Emerald Isle
lay down the shovel and the hoe for some other
avocation, our free-trade merchant princes will
give no more for fabrics made in America than
for fabrics made in Ireland. Is that the feast
to which our Irish fellow-citizens thought they
were invited? Free trade assumes that the
German shall not gain upon the wages which
doomed him to perpetual poverty in his father-
land and sent .him to bed supperless every
rainy day. It assumes that all labor shall be
flung into one world-wide arena tocontend
with the most wretched and sorriest races on
the globe.
Wages should be high enough to induce men,
not cattle, to work well and regularly. Such
wages offer at all points a better support, and
workmen perform more and better labor, in
consequence. I would not have men avoid
and shirk honest labor. Those wild eAnnot or
will not work are, of all men, moat:miserable^
They are useless andsaperaanuated, tormented
with disease aud helplessness before their time.
But for all those who do work I. would, secure
