390
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 25,
Ho. of Reps.
Northern Pacific Railroad—Mr. Hawley.
41st Cons....2d Sess.
Hayti, Honduras, Liberia, Paraguay, or Salva-
dor, where we have only mere commercial re-
lations, than to such a place as Rome.' If the
question of expense arises as to the pay of a
minister, much more may be saved by with-
drawing ministers from small States whose
political and moral significance is not to be
compared with that of Rome.
Northern Pacific Railroad.
SPEECH OF HON. J. B. HAWLEY,
of illinois,
In the House of Representatives,
May 25, 1870.
The House having under consideration the joint
resolution (S. R.No.121) authorizing the Northern
Pacific Railroad Company to issue its bonds for the
construction of its road, and to seoure tho same by
mortgage, and forother purposes-
Mr. HAWLEY said:
Mr. Speaker : Upon a former occasion when
this joint resolution was before the House for
consideration I had the honor to submit some
remarks upon it; and I wish now to say at the
outset thatl regard this resolution as the most
important matter that 'can come before the
House for final action at the present session.
I regard the action which Congress may take
in relation to this Northern Pacific railroad
as one of the most important questions upon
which it is our duty to legislate.
In debating this question on a former day
I took occasion to say that I was not opposed
to all land grants; thatl was not opposed to
■ land grants under all circumstances ; that I
believed they might under some circumstances
be made with proper limitations and restrictions.
Upon that occasion I referred to the grant made
to the Illinois Central Railroad Company, in
iny own State. That subject has often been
referred to on this floor. It has often been
said that it does not, become members from the
West, and particularly members from the State
of Illinois, to cry out against land grants. But,
sir, the grant made to the Illinois Central
Railroad Company was for only six sections to
the mile, and in tho aggregate amounted to
only two million five hundred thousand acres.
This NorthernPacific Railroad Company claims
to-day forty sections to tho mile, which is equal
to twenty-live thousand six hundred acres per
mile, for the whole extent of territory through
which the road passes.
I propose briefly to review tho legislation on
this subject, because it is claimed by the friends
of the bill that Congress cannot legitimately
and rightfully at this time impose any restric-
tion upon the grant heretofore made. 1 wish
to refer, in the first place, to the grants made to
the Union Pacific and Central Pacific Railroad
Companies. Prior to the acts granting lands
to those companies no road in the United
States, I believe, had ever received a land grant
exceeding ten sections to the mile. In char-
tering those companies Congress, for the pur-
pose of securing a railroad from the Missouri
river to the Pacific ocean, gave them a land
grant of twenty sections to the mile. Congress
gave also to these companies a money subsidy
of $16,000 per mile. But, sir, a large portion
of the country over which the Pacific railroad
already constructed passes is a desert upon
which nothing but sage brush can grow. It is
an inhospitable wilderness, which cannot be
made the abode of man. Hence, for the pur-
pose of securing the^ construction of the first
railroad to the Pacific, Congress might well
aid those companies by a money subsidy.
In 1864 the Northern Pacific Railroad Com-
pany was chartered. The law chartering the
company gave it a land grant amounting to
forty sections per mile. It gave it no money
subsidy. That law provided that the work
should be begun and fifty miles of the road
completed within two years. It also provided
that the company should never have power to
mortgage its franchises, its road, or its lands.
The company failed to begin the work as re-
quired by the law under which it was organ-
ized. It came here in 1866, and the time
within which it should begin work was extended
by law two years longer.
Mr. Speaker, that was the time when Con-
gress, having previously, as I contend, made a
serious mistake in making this land grant,
should have recovered it by suffering the grant
to lapse, so that we might again assume the
control of these lands; and if we saw fit to
grant them again in limited quantities to this
company, we might attach such restrictions as
would secure them forall coming time to actual
settlers. This grant made by Congress to the
Northern Pacific Railroad Company was made
without limitation, without any restriction, so
far as the power of sale was concerned. The
company might hold the lands as long as it
should choose to do so. It might sell this vast
domain, amounting to about fifty million acres,
to one company or several different companies,
or retain it itself, as it should choose. It might
place these lands for all coming time in the
hands of speculators, and thus prevent actual
settlers ffom enteringujjon and enjoying them.
Congress made, in my judgment, a great mis-
take when it proposed to convey these lands
at all to this railroad company, without the
condition that they should be sold to actual
settlers at a price not exceeding §2 50 per
acre, and in quantities not exceeding one hun-
dred and sixty acres to any one person.
Not only that, Mr. Speaker, but this railroad
was not ready to proceed with the work of
construction, and in 1868 it came to Congress
again for another extension of time for two
years, within which it might begin work. It
came here again in 1869, in the expiring hours
of the Fortieth Congress, and secured from
Congress the passage of a joint resolution pro-
viding that it should have power to mortgage
its road, and that it need not begin work until
July, 1870, and that it should construct one
hundred miles within two years and one hun-
dred miles a year thereafter until completed.
Thus it will be seen that three several times
this Pacific Railroad Company has come to
Congress since the grant was originally made
to ask that further rights and privileges should
lie given to it by law.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it is said by gentlemen
upon this floor who are friendly to this joint res
olution that tho country is a vast wilderness
through which the road passes; that the great
body of the lands are sterile and the country
inhospitable ; that the great body of the lands
may never be susceptible of settlement. I wish
to call the attention of the House to a report
made on the 19th of February, 1869, by Mr.
Stewart, chairman of the. Committee on the
Pacific Railroad in the Senate, a most exhaust-
ive report on the-subject of the Pacific railroads
and Iheir different branches. I wish to call
attention particularly to a paragraph in that
report in respect to the resources of this vast
country to be affected by this grant to the
Northern Pacific Railroad Company. I ask
the Clerk to read the paragraph 1 have marked.
The Clerk read as follows:
" There are between Lake Superior a.udPuget sound
and the mouth of the Columbia river five hundred
thousand square miles of territory, upon tho larger
portion of which the United States Government can
impress the prosperity, wealth, and power of Illinois.
It is the winter, wheat region of this continent. It
is a region of alternate prairies and pine forests. It
is a region rich in coal, iron, gold, silver, and copper.
It is a region the salubrity of whose climate has inado
it the sanitarium for consumptives from the Atlantic
slope. Ttis a region whose Rocky mountain section,
broken down in its formation so as to be passable by
loaded ponies, is blessed with a temperature so mild
that countlcss herds of cattle range and fatten
through the winter upon the natural gr;iss within ten
miles of the summit. It is a region in all whose val-
leys peaches, apples, pears, plums, cherries, grapes,
and sweet potatoes have rapid growth and complete
maturity. It is a region so rich in grass and so blessed
in climate that it has ever been the home, in winter
as well as summer, of the buffalo, the elk, and the
antelope. It has timber, water-power, and stone.
It has a population of one million four hundred and
ten thousand people. Illinois possessed no such
endowment. Her inheritance so amazingly devel-
oped by railroads was a carden soil, deeply underlaid
with a thin seam of coal and a deposit of friablo sand-
stone. She had nothing else. But every element of
wealth, every condition of social growth and pros-
perity, existsinsuperabundanceand beyond exhaus-
tion in the territory between Lake Superior and
Puget sound. For this immense region, embracing
Minnesota, Dakota, Montana, Idaho, Oregon, Wash-
ington, and a part of Wisconsin, railroads can do
more than they have done for Illinois. If it is de-
sirable, therefore, to add to the national population,
the national industry, and the national wealth ; if
it is desirable to increase the taxable resources of
the country, to add to its revenues, and to lessen tho
burden of the public debt, by extending it finan-
cially over thirty-two degrees of longitude in addi-
tion to tho area it now covers; if it is desirable to
provide cheap bread in perpetuity for the nation
from winter wheat to be grown with unfailing regu-
larity, and in crops of from thirty to sixty bushels
to the acre, between the forty-sixth and the fiftieth
parallels of latitude, tho Government of the United
States will surely aid the construction of the North
Pacific railway, and do for the region between Lake
Superior and tho Pacific ocean what the people of
Illinois have done for tho State of Illinois."
Mr. HAWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I have caused
this paragraph of the report made by the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad of the other
branch of Congress to be read for the purpose
of contradicting the statements, so often made
oil this floor and throughout the country, in
reference to the character of the lands and the
nature of the country through which this road
passes. Now, sir, if it be true, as stated by
this committee of the Senate upon the Pacific
railrcid—and they have made their report
after careful and laborious investigation—if it
be true that this country is such as they repre-
sent it in their report, I submit to the House
that there is not a portion of this whole country
to be compared with it in fruitfulness, and that
there is not a portion of the whole country to
bo compared with it in point of climate. As
regards climate, the committee inform us that it
is a place where the invalids from the various
sections of our whole country repair for the
purpose of being restored to health. So far
as its crops are concerned, they say that it
is or will be the^ great wheat region of the
United States. They state in this report that
the lands through which the road runs will pro-
duce wheat at the rate of from thirty to sixty
bushels per acre. I ask, then, is itnota better
country than Illinois? Are we not advised by
the committee that it is a section of country
that will produco agricultural products to a
greater extent than any other portion of our
land? There is no other portion of ourcountry
which will produce wheat at the rate of from
thirty to sixty bushels per acre. You will search
Ohio, Illinois, Wisconsin, Iowa, and Minnesota
in vain to find any section or belt of country
that will produce an equal average amount of
wheat per acre.
And not only that, but it is a country which
produces all kinds of fruit in the greatest
abundance, and it is a land where stock can
be kept without any housing. The greater
portion of tho country through which this road
runs has a climate so mild that stock is win-
tered there without any feeding or shelter.
And yet gentlemen on this floor urge upon us,
as a reason why we should give this railroad
so great a grant of land, that the country is an
inhospitable wilderness, and say that they de-
sire to build this road simply that they may
make another highway from the Atlantic to
the Pacific. Mr. Speaker, if that was all that
was involved in connection with this question
I would say you may take your forty sections to
the mile; you may lock them up forever j you
may sell them, or keep them, or dispose of them
as you choose; but when I have the evidence
before me that it is as fair a land as ever the sun
