5180
THE CONGRESSION AL GLOBE.
Jul£ 5,
laws of Kentucky for members of the most
numerous branch of the Legislature of that
State. It will not be claimed that they are
not. Therefore it is unnecessary to discuss
further this part of the report. All the testi-
mony which has been taken for the purpose
of showing that a large number these persons
cast their votes for the one or the qther of the
candidates is wholly and entirely immaterial.
The next question presented is as to the con-
struction of certain statutes of the State of
Kentucky, and in connection with that, as to
the right of certain persons to hold the office
of judge of elections, and the effect upon the
election itself of the appointment of persons
who are claimed to have been ineligible under
these statutes. The first of the statutes is the
act of 1858, to which I call the attention of the
House. It is very brief and I will read it.
It provides:
"That hereafter, so long as there are two distinct
political parties in this Commonwealth, the sheriff,
judges, and clerit of election, in all cases of elections
by the people under the Constitution and laws of the
United Mates, and under the constitution and laws
of Kentucky, shall be so selected and appointed as
that one of the judges at each place of voting shall
be of one political party and the other judge of tho
other or opposing political party; and that a like
difference shall exist at each place of voting between
tho sheriff and clerk of election: Provided, Xhnt
there be a sufficient number ot tho members of each
political party resident in the several pi-comcts, as
aforesaid, to fill said offices. And this requirement
shall be observed by all officers of this Common-
wealth who have the power to appoint any of the
aforesaid officer:* of election, under the penalty of a
line ol SiOOtor each omission, to be recovered by pre-
sentment of the grand jury."
That statute, in a word, provided that the
officers in Kentucky whose duty it is to appoint
tho judges and clerks of election shall select
men equally from the two political parties ; and
that if this is not done the penalty shall be a
line of §100 for each and every omission. Tho
pleading in this case raises the question as to
the effect upon an election of a disregard of
the provisions of this statute. The proof shows
that iu a number pf precincts there were a
majority of election officers, sometimes a ma-
jority of one political party and sometimes a
majority of the other political party—that in
many precincts there was not an equal division
of the officers between the political parties.
I believe, however, it will not be contended
in the argument—at least I am so advised—
that this failure on the part of the judges of
the county who appointed these officers, to pro-
vide them equally between the two parties in
the absence of all frauds, rendered the elec-
tion null and void, and made it the duty of the
House to throw out the votes of these precincts.
I do not know what issue will be taken, but I
apprehend this point will not be insisted upon,
for the reason that an examination of the tes-
timony in tho case will showthat the contestant,
in this case would gain nothing by the enforce-
ment of this strict rule of construction of this
statute. I believe, on an examination of the
facts, my colleagues on the committee will be
able to state, perhaps, more definitely; but I
think I am safe in saying that if all the pre-
cincts were thrown out in which there was an
unequal division of the election officers, polit-
■ ically, it would result in increasing rather than
in diminishing the majority of the sitting mem-
ber. But, sir, such a construction would not
be contended for. This act is simply directory.
The penalty which is imposed by the act itself
it not that the election shall be void, but that
the appointing power failing to make an equal
division between the two parties shall suffer a
penalty which is fixed and prescribed by the
statute itself.
There was in 1862 an amendment to this stat-
ute passed by the Legislature of Kentucky, and
I call the attention of the House to it because
upon the construction and effect of that amend-
ment very much will depend in the consider-
ation of this case. The language is peculiar,
and I ask the House to give attention to its
reading:
" Tbat ia construing the act approved February 11,
1858, to which this is an amendment, those who have
engaged in the rebellion for the overthrow of the
Government, or who have in any way aided, coun-
seled. or advised the separation of Kontucky from
the Federal "Union by force of arms, or adhered to
those engaged in the effort to separate her from tho
Federal Union by force of arms,sha.lt not bodeeraed
one of tho political parties in this Commonwealth
within the provisions of the act to which this is an
amendment."
The first question, then, is as to what is meant
by this statute. It is contended by the con-
testant that a true construction of this statute
would render any person who engaged in the
rebellion, or adhered to those engaged in it,
permanently disqualified from holding the office
of a judge of election in the State of Kentucky,
without any regard whatever to the political
opinions of such person at the time of acting
as such judge of election.
I do not think, Mr. Speaker, that the ques-
tion as to the construction of this statute is
material to the determination of this case, as
1 shall show presently. I think, beyond all
controversy, that even conceding the construc-
tion which is contended for by the contestant,
still persons of the class named in this act
might be officers of election de facto, whose
acts in their official capacity, in the absence
of fraud, would be valid. Nevertheless, I think
the contestant and those who sustain him in
opposition to this report are mistaken as to the
true construction of this statute. I want the
House to notice the class of persons described:
" Those who have engiged in tho rebellion for tho
overthrow of the Government, or who have in any
way aided, counseled, or advised the separation of
Kentucky from the Federal Union by force of arms,
or adhered to those engaged in the effort to separate
hor from tho IWoral Union by force of arms, shall
not bo deemed one of tho political parties in this
Commonwealth."
A class of persons are described, and it is
declared that this class of persons shall not be
deemed one of the political parties in the State
of Kentucky in making the selection of persons
to act as judges and clerks of an election.
Now, it is contended that the meaning of
this act is that this class of persons shall be
permanently prohibited from acting as judges
or clerks of an election. If such had been the
intent, if such had been tho idea which was in
the mind of the person who framed this act, it
seems to me impossible that he should have
used the language which has been used here.
It would have been so simple and easy a mat-
ter to have expressed the idea which gentle-
men claim to be expressed by this act by simply
declaring that those persons should be ineli-
gible, or should be prohibited from holding the
office of judgo or clerk of an election, that I
must think if such had been the intention such
would have been the language. How easy to
have said that all persons who engaged in or
aided the rebellion should be ineligible to hold
the office of judge or clerk of an election. But
instead of that the act says that those who
adhered to the rebellion should not be con-
sidered one of the political parties in tlje
Commonwealth.
Now, I think the truth of the matter is that
there was an organization in Kentucky, and
I believe it is a part of the history of the
country that there was such an organization,
known as the "secession party," which was
engaged in an effort to separate Kentucky
from the Federal Union ; and the intention
of this statute was to declare that this " seces-
sion party :' should not be deemed one of the
political parties of Kentucky in making the
selection of persons to act as judges and clerks
of an election. Any other construction of the
act does violence to the language.
But, as I have said, I do not think this a
material question in the determination of this
case, because I take the ground that even if
these persons were prohibited by the statute
of Kentucky from holding the offices of judges
and clerks of an election, still they might be
officers de facto, whose acts so far as the pub-
lic and third persons were concerned, in the
absence of fraud, would be as valid as the acts
of officers de jure ; and this is, perhaps, the
most material question to be considered in
this case.
I know that if the other doctrine should pre-
vail there would still be an exceedingly doubt-
ful question, to say the least, as to which of
these two gentlemen was elected, because it
would become necessary to determine in every
case whether the officer of election was one of
that class who gave actual aid and comfort to
the rebellion or was only a sympathizer with
the rebellion; a question of a great deal of
uncertainty in regard to a large number of
these election officers.
But let me call the attention of the House to
the question which we are now discussing. I
say that these persons, even conceding the con-
struction contended for on the other side of
this case to be correct, were when properly
and regularly appointed officers de facto, whose
acts were not void absolutely. It is necessary
to decide what is an officer de facto. What
will constitute a mat; a de facto officer?
The doctrine that the acts of an officer who
is such de facto only, and not de jure, are valid
as to third parties and the public, is so well
settled in all the law books, by such a long and
unbroken chain of decisions in the highest
courts of this country and in England, that it
will not, of course, be questioned by any lawyer
upon this floor. The only inquiry is as to
whether these persons, conceding the construc-
tion of the statute that is contended for, come
within the category of officers da fado as con-
tradistinguished on the one side from de jure
officers and on the other side from mere
usurpers. I say that they do. To constitute a
person an officer dc facto it is only necessary
that he should have, in the language of the
books, some color of authority. If he is ap-
pointed by the proper authority all the cases con-
cur in saying that he is an officer de facto from
the very fact that he has an appointment from
the proper authority clothed by law with tho
power of making such appointment. If he is
elected to an office which is filled by election,
that of itself will make liim an officer de facto.
But I know that gentlemen will say, because
it has been suggested to me, that a person can-
not be an officer de facto unless he has the
qualifications to become an officer de jure.
That is the position which I understand some
gentlemen to take here. If I can show that
that position is without foundation, then I think
the question as to whether these persons were
officers de facto or not will become a settled
question. They were appointed by the proper
authority ; they were appointed in every case
by the judges of the county court in the State
of Kentucky, who are authorized by law to
make these appointments. I undertake to say
that this fact, according to all the authorities,
gave them color of authority, whether they
were eligible to the office or not.
But I will not ask the House to rely alone
upon my statement in regard to this subject.
I want to refer to some authorities, for the pur-
pose of establishing the proposition which I
now submit, that these persons may be officers
de facto, although they were ineligible to hold
the office de jure. It was held by the supreme
court of the State of Pennsylvania, in the case
of Baird vs. Banks of Washington, (11 Ser-
geant and Bawle, 41*,) that a person who is
indisputably ineligible may be an officer de
facto, whose acts as such are valid and binding.
I will read a sentence from that decision :
" The principle of colorable election holds not only
in regard to the right of electing, but of being elected.
A person indisputably ineligible may bo an officer
de facto by color of election."
Now, I venture to say that gentlemen wilt
not be able to find a single authority in the
country holding a different doctrine from that,
which was laid down by the supreme court
of Pennsylvania. The same doctrine has been
held by the supreme court of Illinois, iu the
case of Pritchett and others vs. The People, (1
Gilmore. .529.) I will read s, sentenq? from
