1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4m
by the law to be lawful money ; not currency,
but money. And the gentleman who draws a
distinction between money and the greenback
as a promise to pay merely plays upon words.
The stamp of current value on gold or silver
is regulated by law; its value is fixed by law;
and unless restrained by the Constitution, the
law making power of this country can fix that
monetary value, the quality of legal tender as
well upon paper as upon gold and silver. In
the one instance as well as in the other the
representative value is fixed by law, and this
is clearly true while gold and silver are the
common representatives of value throughout
the world ; but as lawful money in the United
States, gold and silver and the United .States
note alike depend on the law of the land for
their value. Jf litis country was out of debt
gold and siivpr would be the better money, be-
cause of u fixed and universal value; but with
this great national debtuponus, with the dem-
and unquestionable right to pay the greater
part of u in the greenback currency in which
it was made, at a value at least forty percent,
below the value of gold, the withdrawal of that
money for the benefit of the national banks
would be an act of bad faith and of absolute
dishonesty to the people upon whose labor
rests the great burden of this national debt.
[Here the hammer fell.]
iMr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, the object and
purpose of the bill under consideration is to
supply banking facilities and national bank
currency to those sections of the country which
under the apportionment section of the cur-
rency act failed to receive the amount to which
they wtie entitled, the limit of $300,000,000
fixed by law having been reached^ before
national banks had been organized in those
sections.
To effect this, the first section of the act
authorizes the issue of 305,000,000 of national
bank currency, in addition to the $300,000,000
to which the issue is now restricted by law;
which amount is to be issued to banks organ-
ized and to be organized in States having less
than their proportion under the apportionment
made in the act creating the national banks.
The second section provides for a withdrawal
paripasju of the three per cent, temporary loan
certilicates, which are now held as a part of
the legal* tender reserves of the national banks,
amounting in round numbers to $45,000,000.
It also provides for a withdrawal of $40,000,000
of Ic^al-tender United States notes, making a
total withdrawal of $35,000,000 of what are
equivalent to United States notes, anu the sub-
stitution or $95,000,000 of national bank notes
therefor. If there were no reserve required tu
be held by the banks created by this bill there
would beanundoubtedincreaseof the currency
of $10,000,000 ; but all national banks are re-
quired to hold a reberve ot lawful money equal
to fifteen per cent., and at certain points ot
redemption to twenty-five per cent, of their
circulation and deposits. The average ol this
lawful reserve for existing banks is about
twenty per cent.; bnt I presume m tue new
banks to be organized it would notexceecl the
minimum of fifteen per cent._ Tins re serve
of fifteen per coot, would on y!).>,G00,0iW Cir-
culation amount to $14,250,000. At a low
estimate tho deposits of the new banks would
equal their circulation, which would require
$14-Jo0,000 more as a reserve, making a total
' reserve of $23,500,000.
- The effecr., then, upon the whole volume ot
the paper currency under this bill would be
• to retire directly 385,000,000 of Government
monev, and indirectly, as a reserve for the
; new banks, $28,500,000, making a total of
f $11," 500.000 withdrawn from circulation, whiJe
'< thote would go into circulation $9o.000,000
• additional national bank notes. The result
i would be a contraction ot the currency to the
amount ot $18,500,000. it the depositsof ihe
! new banks should average equal to the aver-
ao-e of (lie present national banks the contrac-
I tion would amount to §10,000,000 more, or
$28,000,000. This would be the effect of the
bill upon the currency. The effect upon the
Treasury would be to retire $85,000,000 of the
public debt, upou which we are now paying
$1,850,000 interest in currency, and to substi-
tute therefor the same amount, upon which we
should pay $3,800,000 interest in coin; a loss,
in round numbers, of $2,600,000 per annum
to the Treasnry; not a very large amount in
these days, when we deal in thousands of
millions, but sufficient, if judiciously applied,
to restore to us during the next decade the
position which we held before the war as a
maritime Power—a larger amount than would
have been required under the bill reported by
tlie select committee for reviving our com-
merce and navigation.
If the object sought could he accomplished
in no other way we might be justified in in-
curring the cost for the sections which from any
cause have been deprived of an equal share
of the facilities and advantages afforded by
the national banks should now be placed on an
equality with the more favored sections. _ Jus-
tice to those sections, as well as the best inter-
ests of the country, demands that this should
be done. But in my judgmentthere is abetter,
a more economical way of attaining this result,
a way that would settle not only this question
of redistribution, but also the long-contro-
verted question as to whether we have an
excess or a deficiency of currency. And that
better way, I believe, is to provide for making
the United States notes now outstanding re-
deemable in or convertible into specie, and in
taking off all restriction as to the amount of
national bank notes which may bo issued. In
other words, to provide for specie resumption
by the Government and make banking free.
I believe this can be done by gradually chang-
ing all the irredeemable United States notes
now outstanding into coin notes or notes con-
vertible into coin at the will of the holder at
some certain date. This cannot be accom-
plished immediately, but it can and should be
immediately provided for.
There can be no doubt that with $100,000,000
of coin in the Treasury we can immediately
provide for and commence a resumption of
specie payments by the Government, and ac-
complish it within two years. The faith of the
nation is pledged to this, not only by implica-
tion in promising to pay dollars for these notes,
but by solemn act of Congress. I hold in my
hand an act entitled "An act to strengthen the
public credit," the last clause of which pro-
vides as follows:
"And the United States also solemnly pledges its
faith to m:lko i>rovision atiho earliest practicable
period for the redemption of the United States notes
m coin."
This act is dated March 10, 1809. Since its
passage more than one hundred million dollars
of the unmatured obligations of the Govern-
ment have been purchased and retired, and
orer eighty million dollars lie locked up in the
Treasury, while our yearly estimated receipts
are $100,000,000 in excess of our estimated
expendituies; and yet no provision whatever
has been made for redeeming this double
pledge of the national l'aith. On the contrary,
wo have reported, by the Committee of Ways
and Means, a bill -'to authorize the refunding
of flic public debt," which looks to a direct
repudiation of tins pledge.
This act to strengthen the public credit ought
to be regarded as specially binding upon all
departments of the Government, and should
be strictly observed in letter and in spirit,
because the act is of itself a solemn pledge of
the faith of the nation.
It declares, first, that all the obligations of
the Government not expressly payable in law-
ful money shall be paid in coin ; second, that—
"None of tho interest-bearing obligations of the
Government shall bo redeemed or paid beiore ma-
i turity unless at such *i:ne Lmited States notes shall
i first bo convertible into coin, nfc the option otthe
i holder, or unless at such t me bonds of the united
j States bearmga lower rate of interest than the bonus
1 to be redeemed can bo sold at par in com.
Third, that—
" Provisions shall be made for tho payment of tho
United States notes at tho earliest day practicable."
Now, if we deliberately violate two thirds ttf
this act what confidence will be placed in our
intention to observe tlie other third? We are-
paying the public debt before the United States
notes are made redeemable in coin, and we
not only make no provision for the payment-
of these notes, but we are by this funding bili
to which 1 have referred diverting the means
which should be appropriated to this purpose
to the purchase of obligations which are not
due; obligations upou which the interest is
promptly paid, which the holders do not desire
to part with, and which would be above par in.
gold to-day if we provided for the payment of
our demand notes. The course we are pur-
suing in regard to our finance would be ac-
counted dishonorable in an individual. No
legislative sanction can make it honorable in
a nation.
Tf this pledge of the Government to make
provision at the earliest day for the redemp-
tion of its notes in coin were carried outic
good faith we could then take off all restric-
tions in regard to the circulation of the banks,
and allow the currency to be regulated by the
requirements of business, instead of absurdly
attempting to regulate it by law. If we are tc
continue to tinker the currency, X have no doubt
the bill now before us is as well adapted to the
purpose as any that can be devised; but I re-
gard all these measures which undertake to
adjust the currency by law, either the amount
required for the whole country or the propor-
tion which should be given to any particular
section of the country, or which proposes to sub-
stitute one irredeemable currency for another
of like character, as poor makeshifts which
tend only to keep the finances and business of
the country in disorder.
So long as we depend upon legislative action
to regulate the relations of the currency with
the trade of the country, so long will disturb-
ance and disorder in financial affairs continue.
Tho only solution of the currency question, in
my judgment, is to make the national currency
the equivalent of specie and then allow the
banks to issue whatever amount the business
of the country requires, and can be secured and
redeemed by the banks in this national currency.
That amount will not be in excess of the healthy
demand of business, as it will be regulated by
the amount of loanable capital available for
banking and the amount actually^required for
transacting tho business of the country. Banks
will be restricted in their loans by the amount
of their capital, (and capital in this country in
limited,) and borrowers will bo restricted by
their ability to borrow on security and profit
ably employ in business.
It is safe to trust the business of the countrj
to take care of itself, and quite time we relieved
it from this constant governmental supervision.
Give the country a sound, secured, redeem-
able currency, and then leave the peopie to
regulate for themselves the amount which they
require and where they require it. They can
determine these questions much better than
we can. It is true we pass very few measures
affecting either the trade or the currency ot
the country. I think an examination ot tne
statutes will show that the two committees
which have especial jurisdiction of those ques-
tions and measures which have to do with
the finances and business of the country—tne
Committees of Ways and Means andof Banning
and Currency—have scarcely carried through
an important measure which has become a.aw
during the last or the present Congress. >■
one, after laboring day and night for the p
year to perfect a tariff bill brougntit into Uu.
House and after months of disc:ussion ''
to use the expressive if not 6jf°~nfLn*tfi bv
sion of the chairman,   nibbled m death b,
nd a remnant ot its cietunci,
pismires," ana a
remains was finally SQ2U®fn
House on the tail of a tax bill.
led through the
