1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5181
that opinion, which covers the point in con-
troversy :
"It is a general principle of the law that minis-
terial acts of an officer dejacto are valid and effect-
ual when they concern the public and the rights of
third persons, although it may appear that ho has
no legal or constitutional right to the office. The
interests of the community imperatively require the
adoption of such a rule."
The same doctrine has been laid down by
the supreme court of Missouri in the St. Louis
County Court vs Sparks, (10 Missouri Re-
ports, 121.) I call the attention of the House
to the particularity with which the language of
the court in that case applies to the very ques-
tion before the House:
" When the appointing power has madean appoint-
ment, and aperson is appointed who has not the qual-
ifications required by law"—
That is precisely what is contended for in
this case—
" When the appointing powerhasmade an appoint-
ment, andapersonisappointedwho hasnotthe qual-
ifications required by law, the appointment is not
therefore void. The person appointed is de facto an
officer: his acts in the discharge of his duties are
valid and binding." ■>«--« "A statute
prescribing qualification to anolTiceismorolydireet-
ory, and although an appointee does not possess the
requisite qualifications his appointment is not there-
fore void unless it is so expressly enacted."
Now, it is not expressly enacted in either of
these statutes of Kentucky that the appoint-
ment of persons without the qualifications re-
quired by law shall therefore be void. And
if the law as laid down by the supreme court
of the State of Missouri is sound law—and it is
in harmony with all the decisions upon this
subject; there is not a dissenting voice from
any of the courts of this country or of Eng-
land, so far as I know—if this is sound law,
then the appointment of these persons is not
void unless it was so expressly enacted.
Again, in the case of McGregor vs. Balch,
(14 Vermont Reports, 428,) it was held that
although a person could not legally hold the
office of justice of the peace at all while hold-
ing the office of assistant postmaster under
the United States, yet, having entered the
former office under the forms ot law, he was a
justice of the peace de facto, and his acts as
such were valid as to third persons and the
public. That is a case where, by a provision
of the constitution or of some statute of the
State of Vermont, it was expressly provided
that a person should not hold the office of jus-
tice of the peace while at the same time hold-
ing the office of postmaster under the Govern-
ment of the United States. And yet such a
person having been appointed to the office, and
having acted in the capacity of justice of the
peace, and the public and third persons having
been affected by iiis acts, the supreme court
of that State held that his acts as justice of the
peace were valid and not void.
But there are some other eases which come
still closer to the question and support still
more fully and conclusively the proposition
which I make, that a man may be an officer
da facto, and his official acts may be valid,
though he has no right to hold the office,
though he is legally disqualified for holding
the office.
In the State of Maine there has been decided
by the supreme court a case which is directly
in point, a ease in which a minor, prohibited
by the constitution of that State on account of
his minority from holding an office, was elected
to an office and discharged its duties. He was
held to be an officer de facto, and his acts were
held to be valid. The decision is in a recent
case, Hooper vs. Goodwin, decided in 1801,
reported in the forty-eighth volume of Maine
Reports. As the opinion is very brief I beg
to read from it:
"An officer de facto is one who executes theduties
of an office under some color of right, some pretense
of title, either by election or appointment. The acts
of an officer defactoire valid when they concern the
public or the rights of a third person, and cannot bo
indirectly called in question in a suit to which such
officer is not a party. His right can only be ques-
tioned in a suit against him. A mere usurper is one
who acts without color of title, and whose acts are
utterly void."—Tucker vs. Aiken, 7 N. H.. 113.
In People j)?. Dean. (3 W end,, 43S,) it was hold that
by the statutes of a State a minor is incapable of
homing a civil office, but that it was not for the offi-
cer appointed to administer the oath to determine
whether the person presenting himself was or was
not, on account of age, capable of holding the office
to which he was appointed. If the appointment was
improvidently made, there is a legal mode by which
it is to be declared void.
"In the present case Edgerly was commissioned
and qualified to act as a justice of the peace.
Whether the appointment was legal or not cannot
he called in question in a suit between these parties.
He is an officer de facto, acting under color of an
appointment in duo form of law: and if, on account
ot his alleged minority, it was illegal, the invalidity
of the appointment or the personal incapacity of
the appointee can only be determined in a suit in
which he can contest these questions. (Brown vs.
liunt, 37 Maine, 423.) His official acts are valid as to
third persons till his commission lias been judieially
determined to be null and void. Such, too, was the
rule of the Roman law, even when tho appointment
was of a slave."
Here, then, is a decision covering the broad-
est case which could possibly be imagined, a
case where a minor, totally ineligible by virtue
of the Constitution, was elected to a judicial
office and discharged its duties; yet he was
held by tho supreme court of Maine to be an
officer de facto, and his acts were declared to
be valid. I refer also to a case arising in the
State of Kentucky, tho case of Harrison vs.
Miller (2 Metcalfe.) In that case a person who
was not a resident of the county was elected to
the office of sheriffandprooeeded to act as such.
He executedawrit; he sold property and made
a deed. While the court held that he had no
constitutional right to hold the office, that he
was constitutionally ineligible, it also held that
he, having entered upon the duties>of the office
under color of an election,hisactswere not void,
and that the deed executed by him would pro-
tect the purchaser in his title.
There is another and still stronger case bear-
ing on this point, which was decided by the
supreme court of California. In that case an
alien had been elected to the office of member
of the council of San Francisco, and while he
was acting in that capacity there was passed
by his vote an importautordinance under which
large_ rights of property were acquired. The
validity of the ordinance was called in question
upon the ground that he was not validly a mem-
ber of that council, that'he was constitutionally
in that ease ineligible. The supreme court of
California (Scatterlee vs. San Francisco, 23
Cala.,314) held that he was an officer de facto,
and that while he held the office his acts must
be regarded as valid and binding so far as third
persons and the public were concerned. The
court used this language :
" While he held the office ho was an officerfacto,
and his acts as such were entitled to credit accord-
ingly."
I think, Mr. Speaker, that these authorities
must be sufficient to settle the proposition that
even though we construe this statute of Ken-
tucky as rendering persons who engaged in ci-
adhered to the rebellion incompetent to hold
the office of judge of election, yet when they
were regularly appointed by the proper author-
ities they become officers de facto, and if they
discharged their duties faithfully as such, we
cannot disfranchise the people who cast their
votes at that election.
I know it will be said that we are departing
from the precedents which have been estab-
lished by this House ; and I do not pretend to
say that there are not some cases decided here
which seem to rest upon a different doctrine
from that which has prevailed in all the courts
of this country, and which has been made the
basis of the report in this case.
But this I do say, that there has never been
a case before this House in which it has been
directly decided that the acts of an officer de
facto in the absence of fraud were void. In
other words, the House, while it may have
ignored in some cases the doctrine for which
I contend, has never directly overruled or pre-
sumed to overrule the great and salutary prin-
ciple to which I have referred. If any one will
examine the series of cases in this House relied
on by the contestant it will be found in nearly
all of them there were mixed up questions of
fraud, and the question as to the validity of the
acts of the officers of course were seldom, if
ever, presented on their own merits not con-
nected with any other question.
I cannot take time to go through these decis-
ions—there are quite a number of theai; but
I wish to call the attention of the Hoase to one
or two which I suppose will be relied on more
particularly by the contestant and his friends.
The case of Delano vs. Morgan is claimed to
be in point against the report of this commit-
tee. An examination of that case will show
there is a material distinction between the
statute which was construed in that case and
the statute to be construed in this case. It
will be found there that one of the judges of
the election was shown to have been a deserter
from the Union Army, and the statute said
that any and all deserters from the Union
Army should be forever absolutely prohibited
from holding any office under the Government.
Under that it was contended such a person
could not be an officer of the election, even
de facto; but it is not. contended there is any
such thing here. The most that can beclaimed
under this statute is that it prescribes certain
qnal ifications in the State of Kentucky. If
then, tli£ statute of Kentucky had provided
that all persons who gave aid or comfort to
the rebellion should forever afterward be pro-
hibited from holding any office under the gov-
ernment, there may be some plausibility, at
least, in the position that such persons could
not become officers de facto, although I do
not wish to be understood as stating that to
be the law. But that is not the case here.
This case comes clearly and unmistakably
within the cases where the statute has pre-
scribed tho qualifications for officers, as that
they shall be over twenty-one years of age, as
that they shall be residents of the county; and
this class of persons are never held to be
usurpers, because they do not possess these
qualifications.
What is a mere usurper? Because all these
officers are divided into tiiree classes. There
are officers de jure, who are legally entitled to
hold the office and exercise the functions there-
of. There are officers de facto, who have not
the legal_ right to hold the office and exercise
its functions, but who have some color of it.
'Then there are mere usurpers. Every man
must belong, who assumes to act as an officer,
to one of these three classes. If he belongs to
the class of officers de jure or officers de facto
his acts are valid. If he is a mere usurper, a
man who thrusts himself into office without any
color of authority, then his acts are void, not
only as to himself, but as to the public and the
third person. Can it- be claimed that the man
who was regularly appointed to the office of
judge of election, and regularly commissioned
by the proper authority, was a mere usurper
who thrust himself into office. 1 think, Mr.
Speaker, such a claim cannot be maintained ;
and I wish to call the attention of the House to
the effect of adoptit g the principle contended
for by the contestant; because after all the
great purpose of these rules adopted in courts
is to secure the ends of justice and right. In
their application to the validity of an election
their great purpose ought always to be to secure
to the majority the right to have their voice
respected and enforced.
Now, the point made in this case is. that
because an officer of the election has not the
requisite legal qualifications for office, there-
fore, notwithstanding he may be honest, not-
withstanding he may discharge his duties faith-
fully according to the law, notwithstanding the
election may be fair, and every man permitted
to vote according to his preference—that yet,
because one of the three or four officers of the
election wants one of the qualifications to fill
