1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
93
moment be stripped of its asserted preroga-
tive in every ease in which its exercise could
be of practical utility, and left to rest upon
two little points for any possibility of its exer-
tion, leaves but such a phantom of power as
can never be supposed to have been conjured
up by the framers of the Constitution. I can
therefore see in the meager original jurisdic-
tion of the court no adequate basis' foe this
broad and comprehensive claim of judicial
supremaeyover the legislation of Congress.
Mr. President, the'Government of the United
States is a Government of the people by the
people. The people made the Constitution,
and the theory of the Constitution is that the
Government reflects their will, ltisa repub-
lican government, and it is a fundamental
principle in every republic that the dele-
gated power of tlie people is to be periodically
returned to them by their servants. This theory
and this fundamental principle are embodied
in two departments of the Government, the
legislative and the executive, both of which,
filled by the popular choice, are kept awake
to the great fact that there is a people to whom
they are accountable and whose will it is their
duty to reflect and carry out..
But in the judicial department that theory
of the Constitution and that fundamental prin-
ciple of a republic are both laid aside. The
judgesofthe courts are not chosen by the peo-
ple, but appointed by the President, with the
advice and consent of the Senate. They never
return their power to the people as wo do, but
hold it in perpetual tenure in the tribunal.
They do not hold office for a term of years,
but " duringgood_behavior," which means for
life. Their salaries are by the Constitution
guaranteed against diminution during their
official term. They are therefore placed as
far from the people as they well could be. The
theory of the Government as to them is that
they are not accessiblc by the popular will,
but beyond its reach, and the fact accords with
the theory. They do not mingle with the
people. They do not know the people nor
the people them. They may without disrespect
he regarded as the reclusesof the Government,
studying not the courses of the popular mind,
nor the throbs of the popular heart, nor the
questions which command the attention of the
people, but questions of law, in which few be-
sides litigants and the legal profession are
directly interested. They, of all in the Gov-
ernment, have nothing to fear or to ask from
the people. Whether the tide ofpopular opinion
and feeling ebb or flow, they can neither bo
stranded by the one nor ingulfed by the other.
In one word, their position is one of absolute
independence of the people.
I refer to these things not in the spirit of
complaint against the Constitution nor with tho
purpose to excite any the least prejudice against
thejudiciary, butas facts bearing upon the ques-
tion of power now under discussion. I would
bring them into juxtaposition with the ques-
tion, whether it be conceivably probablo that
the people in framing the Constitution meant
that the power to annul their own will should
be wielded by a tribunal proceeding not directly
from them, rendering no account to them,
brought into no contact with them, but inde-
pendent of them as no others of their servants
are? Why should they discard the fundamental
theory of the Government's reflecting their
will, and repose such transcendent authority in
the only organization under the Constitution
which does not express their will, the only one
that bears resemblance to an aristocracy in
Government? What would be the motive for
it? what the advantage? what the ultimate
benefit? what the hope of good? I can see
none. I can understand why the old Roman
tribunes sat at the door of the senate house
to pass upon the decrees of the senate, with
power in the veto of a single one to prohibit
their execution ; for they were the officers of
the people, chosen to protect the rights of the
common people against the tyranny of the
patricians and nobles, and to defend their lib-
erties against attempts upon them by the sen-
ate and consuls ; but I cannot understand this
judicial veto of the American people's will by
courts, tho judges of which are not chosen by
them, and which claim this unexampled veto
power, not through express grant from the peo-
ple, but by implication deduced by themselves
from a grant of judicial power. But there is
one point I can understand, that as the creation
in Rome of popular magistrates with such high
powers as those of the tribunes was the era of a
change in the Roman constitution, and con-
verted the government into a democracy, so 011
the other hand the concession to the Federal
courts of this asserted right may be the era of
a change in the Constitution of the United
States, leading by degrees to the ultimate con-
version of this Government into something
which could not be called either a democracy
or a republic.
But it may be alleged that if Congress can-
not be restrained by the judiciary, then private
rights have 110 protection. This is an argu-
ment fit to be used in the courts, if anywhere,
but, not in Congress. It assumes that wo would
legislate in violation of private rights, an as-
sumption which should share the fate of all tlie
other discarded suppositions of wrong-doing
by us. Private rights find as many and as
zealous advocates in tho two Houses of Con-
gress as can bo found elsewhere, and are as safe
here from infraction as they would be in other
hands. Nay, I go further and say that in no
organized body in, this land do private rights
receive more careful attention and patient con-
sideration than in this. There is no disposition
hero to disregard, much less to invade them ;
the tendency is all the other way. But were
itotherwiae, tjiatcould not invest tho judiciary
with a power not granted to it by the Consti-
tution. Again 1 protest, against this arguing
power into the courts upon the assumption that
Congress may not exercise its powers honestly
and faithfully, but must be put under outside
guardianship to hold it to the path of rectitude.
Every such assumption but, demonstrates more
clearly the weakness of the claim based upon
it. The power claimed by the judiciary must
stand upon its own clear right, and not upon
our supposed tendency to wrong.
Mr. President, attempts to extirpate old
and slurdy errors are always liable to be
objected to as too sweeping, oven sometimes by
those whose sympathies arc with them. I do
not expect this bill to escape that, fate. It is
hard to pull up an old tree by the roots. Good
and true men are often prone to remove such
errors piecemeal, rather than sweep them off
bodily. I11 matters of expediency or policy
there is oftentimes great wisdom in making
haste slowly to great changes. But when a
principle, especially one entering into the
organic structure and vital action of a govern-
ment is involved, it passes out of the field of
expediency and policy, and calls for more
decisive action; the principle must be dis-
tinctly and resolutely asserted and established,
or it must be abandoned. Such is this case as
it presents itself to me. I can see 110 neutral
ground in it. Were we to draw a line and say
tp the courts, "On this side of this line you
may pass upon the constitutionality of our acts,
but 011 that side you may not," it would admit
their right, and the principle would be surren-
dered. Their right is the very core of the con-
troversy. Either the inferior Federal courts in
the first instance and the Supreme Court in the
last have the right under the Constitution to
declare our acts voidfor unconstitutionality or
they have not. If they have, then vote down
this bill; if they have not, why not pass it?
Why hesitate to stop at once the exercise of an
adverse power if wo hold it to be unauthorized
by the Constitution? What views of expe-
diency should restrain us from self-protection?
What considerations can justify us in further
submission to the assertion by other tribunals
of a higher power over our acts? If we mean
to legislate for the country, as the people sent
us here to do, why longer permit the judicial
veto upon our laws, when we may silence it by
perfectly constitutional means ? Do we meet
the exigency by cutting off one branch after
another of the appellate jurisdiction of the
Supreme Court, through which some act of ours
is assailed, and still leave the great trunk of its
asserted power standing erect and firm ? Do
we not thereby go far toward impliedly yield-
ing the whole right?
Sir, I can see but one way out of this diffi-
culty, and that is embodied in thia bill. In
my judgment any other would be temporiz-
ing, feeble, and ineffectual. - We must either
uphold our prerogatives as national legislators
or abdicate them to the judiciary so far as to
yield to their opinion the power to annul our
laws. We must either assert our right of
superior and final judgment upon the consti-
tutionality of our acts or acknowledge our
subordination on that point to the courts we
have ourselves established. Every time we
pass unnoticed a decision of a Federal cour',
against the validity of one of our acts we infuse
now vigor into the old tradition I have attacked.
Time is its life, age its ever-increasing vitality
and strength. Shall not its time end? If wo
fail to end it, whose is the responsibility for
the future? Sir, it is ours, and the day will
cotno whenthe people will hold us to it.
Mr. President, I here leave the discussion of
this important question though the subject is by
no means exhausted. I have sought to treat
it with entire candor, and as every constitu-
tional question should always be treated, with
a commanding sense of reverence for and duty
to the Constitution. I hope and believe that I
am incapable of knowingly giving a false or
distorted construction to that great instrument.
Every attempt to strain it into conformity with
a predetermined purpose, or make it serve
an unworthy end, or perform any office but
that exalted one for which, as the breastwork
of the rights and liberties of a free people, it
was designed by its framers, will sooner or later
assuredly recoil upon him who makes it. Did
I not speak from urgent and unquestioning
conviction I should shrink from assailing in
this forum and before the nation a judicial and
professional dogma which may almost be said
to have existed, like an English custom, "time
whereof the memory of man runneth not to the
contrary," but which by no length of years can
grow into higher authority than the Constitu-
tion. I have assailed it because I believe it
false and fraught with mischief, and that the
time has come when it ought to be refuted and
dethroned. If wrong in this belief, nothing I
have said will terminate its long reign; but
if right, that reign must end ; the truth will tri-
umph_ however long delayed. Why should it
not triumph now?
_ Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President before this
bill is referred 
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenator from
Vermont will suspend for a moment if he pro-
poses to discuss this bill, as the Chair desires
to make a statement. The Senator from Ten-
nessee on the left of the Chair [Mr. Bnowx-
low] has asked the Chair to submit a state-
ment to the Senate for him, which he thinks is
a question of privilege. The Secretary will
read the statement.
The Secretary read as follows :
Mr. President, I respectfully ask to be heard by the
senate upon what I regard as a question of privilege,
growing out of the recent election in Xessesseo and
my alleged betrayal of the Republican party. My
enemies have been heard through some of the leading
Kej>ubhcan journals of the country and by verbal
statements made to Senators. My estimate of this
body and of the country is that they are willing to
hoar the other side of the question.
W. G. BROWNLOW.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that, by the rulings of his predecessors in
this chair, personal explanations have not been
