1870.
THU CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S293
the most ample and certain rewards. It should
be so liberal as to afford attraction to brains
as well as to stomachs.
Our form of government, our whole frame- 1
work of society and education, leads us from
inclination as well as necessity to treat work-
uigiuen as men, and therefore we must shield
thera from being reduced to the level of the
most unfortunate and abjcct of the human
species, or to the level of those anywhere to be
found, willing to remain forever, they and their j
children, in the lowest rank of ignorance and
degradation. When laborers are treated as
men there must be protection against those
treated little better than slaves and serfs.
PRACTICE WISER THAN ABSTRACT THEORIES.
Political economy is promulgated as an ab-
stract science, anil those who teach it seem to
expect their listeners will exhibit what Sidney
Smith called "a dropping-down deadness"
while in their presence ; but it is quite evident
that scientific men in different ages cannot be
in exact harmony as to what that science
teaches. Reasoning upon the inductive system
of facts, a new science might be brought forth
in every age and every nation. Every age in
knowledge and skill differs from the past, and
evejy nation in its liabits and traditions from
every other, and each from year to year with
itself, as in peace or war, abundance or famine.
Harmony can only follow the assumption of
the gigantic fiction that all the facts and con-
ditions of every age and of every people are
immutable and eternal. It is claimed that the
doctrine of free trade is scientific, and it is
funny to see the airs which smart people put
oo when they thiuk they are standing in the
reflected glory of science. They feel that they
are philosophers of some sort because they
despise the want of discernment on the part of
the common herd, whom they look down upon
from their eminence, and they know they can
be profound in abuse and earnest in violent
denunciations, as there they are acknowledged
experts. Free trade has never been anywhere
at any time more than a theory. The absolute
application of the doctrine among civilized
nations has never been witnessed, although it
holds an unchallenged empire in nearly all of
oar colleges and in most of the leading news-
papers of commercial citics; and practically
nowhere else, except in the wigwam s of savages.
For a hundred years some writers of great
industry and vigor have built up massive repu-
tations by works on tree trade; but no nation
has built up itself on any other doctrine than
that of protection, whether avowed or dis-
avowed. No nation dares venture upon try-
ing the experiment of absolute free trade, and
hence its followers may hold up their heads
until it comes to grief by an actual trial.
Teachers remain self-deceived because they
never have been, and perhaps never will be,
(objected to the rude test of actual experiment.
The commercial press cannot afford to look
oatnpon the whole country, Tor whose rural
labors, manners, and opinions it has equal
contempt, because all of its profits from adver-
tisements are boanded by city limits. They
will not cat their own throats by doctrines
•hich find no sympathy in the foreign trade
from which their income is so largely derived.
Students mast cling to the doctrine they have
been taught, or be content to abandon all the
M-called learning they possess on the sabject of
political economy, unless perchance they are
tailed into public life, where they are compelled
to examine the interests of the fatare as well
u of the present, of all parts and all classes
°f their country, or unless they become en-
sued in productive business; and then, if par-
tisan ties do not constrain them into an adher-
ence to their collegiate idols, they are soon
impelled to break their graven images of
■fee ' de and study a new gospel according to
"^practical experience of the civilized world.
ins cloistered sophists of our colleges and
•ebools and the peddling propagandists of free
"We, like die cock who, aa it has been said,
thinks "the sun rises on purpose to hear him
crow,'' are doubtless as learned as the sophists
of old or as the loudest of feathered bipeds,
' and, on this subject, practically as useless.
These free-trade channels of instruction need
to be Americanized, as they are now foreign
to our sentiments, hostile to our prosperity,
subversive of scientific truth, and dangerous
to independence of thought and reasoning.
Carey's Social Science illustrates the prov-
erb that "a prophet is not without honor
save in his own country and in his own house."
It is profoundly to be regretted that our ablest
and best teachers should have so little intel-
lectual independence as to accept, generation
after generation, with perpetual mental sloven-
liness, the text-books of Europe, or tame Amer>
ican copies, on a subject of such vital import-
ance to our country; but it argues well for the
robust intelligence of the vast majority of our
people that Buch teachers, felt only as brakes
that occasionally retard our career, have borne
so little sway in conducting national affairs.
Whenever any one of these teachers has the
responsibility devolved upon liim of dealing
practically with these great national questions
he finds what he had vainly supposed were
cardinal trnths only the melody of a dimly-
remembered fiction, and what seemed so lum-
inous ia theory while being expoo'nded by some
fluent professor after all groundless, without
home or country, and only applicable to the
mythical Arcadias and Utopias of romance.
CATCH-WORDS.
The school of free trade rely upon catch-
words, and of these among the most potent
have been, ■" Buy wh ere y ou can bnycheapest,"
which doubtless have bewitched large numbers
of well-meaning people ; but followed up this
bat-eyed advice means, *' Sell where you must
sell ebeapest;" and for a large portion of the
worlditmeans,"Buynotatall," orthatpoverty
which is incapable of baying anywhere.
There may have been times when the world
has been governed by words; but to-day it is
more wont to be governed by ideas. Free men,
free soil, free speech, free schools, free trade,
form a happy alliteration; but the doctrine
enveloped in the huskof free trade is so hostile
to the general drift of all the rest of these po-
tential wateh-words that a similarity of sound
will never impose its ill-fraught substance upon
an age and people like our own, eminently prac-
tical and eminently devoted to the material
growth and manly culture of a new world.
j: SELFISHNESS OF FBBB TOADS.
No nation preaches free trade or sends out
!, missionaries for the conversion of the " al-
I mighty dollar " but England, and she practices
it only in certain directions, as may be seen
; in many of her legislative acts. Her agricul-
I ture has been lifted to surprising perfection
i by encouragement of manufactures, but her
j colossal colonial system was built up and is
now maintained solely for the protection of her
manufactures. That colonial system has now
no elemeat of imperial strength. It accepts
free trade only from compulsion. Millions of
inferior people are made tributary to the lim-
ited population represented in the British Par-
liament. They subsidize great lines of steam-
ships to America, to the Mediterranean, and
to India for the protection of their trade. The
owners of the ships avow that to them it is
indispensable, and the nation endures the tax
because Cheap raw materials must be sought as
wellas markets for their manufactures. Great
Britain manufactures for the world, and not
merely for her own consumption. She must
have what she calls free trade to compass her
ends, at whatever cost or misery to her own
people or any others. She asks other nations
to adopt her example and make free whatever
she makes free. She does not make sugar
and tobacco free, because she has none to sell;
: but whatever she has to sell her profoundest
j moral convictions assure her that other nations
most refrain from taxing, and she believes it
i a fatal mistake for them to come in conflict
with her policy. If, however, free trade is
really so beneficial, why is it that Great Brit-
ain is so discontented with her apparent mo-
noply of the theory? Can it be pure philan-
thropy that makes her statesmen and philos-
ophers socager to have others share its bless-
ings? Their fanatical laudation of free trade
wears a sinister look. As has been observed of
women who get a bad husband, "they turn
round and praise him, as if they wanted to
sell him."
For such a name as that of Cobden and for
such a man as Bright I cherish a profound ad-
miration. They illustrate the mighty force of
earnestness a^d persistency when directed by
only even one or two strong men. But I can-
not foTget, when they are quoted on this sub-
ject as authorities, that both were cotton
manufacturers—the latter still being one of the
largest—nor .that their life-labor has been to
promote the prosperity of British manufactures,
on which hangs the immense commerce of
Great Britain, compared with which that of
ancient Venice, Tyre, and Carthage all com-
bined was but as a retail trade. As statesmen
these honored names have never been found
in hostility to the profits of the trade to which
they were bred. From the same interested
point of view the conversion of Sir Robert Peel
to free trade may be more easily explained.
Cobden signalized his career as a peace man,
as does Mr. Bright, doubtless on principle,
but also in entire harmopy with their business
interests. Henco they opposed every war in
which their country embarked, and denounced
most of the wars of the past. Wars contrib-
uted nothing to the prosperity of the cotton
trade. I do not say these eminent men advised
their countrymen wrongly; but is it not evi-
dent thattheir advice never seems to have been
at war with their private interests? .
But it is urged that free trade is based upon
an invariable, undying, and universal princi-
ple. That must be denied, for it must be con-
ceded by all that what might be sound policy
for Great Britain in the year of our Lora 1870
would not have been so in lt70, or even ia
1840. That country ripened into free trade by
the growth of.many summers, even centuries,
of protection. This growth has not been en-
tirely beneficial, because land and capital has
been monopolized by a few aristocratic hands,
debarring all protection to labor; but free trade
is the ultimate goal of protection; or, in other
words, it tends to cheapen commodities so that
protection becomes as superfluous as a steam-
engine ou a down grade, and ia no longer
needed.
The repeal of the corn laws by Great Britain,
in 1847, waa in fact one of the largest measures
of protection to British manufactures ever
1 achieved. It was a victory of cheap bread,
won by workingmen and manufacturers, by
[ Cobden and Bright, over hereditary land-own-
ers, and without which any increase of English
operatives or extension of British manufac-
tures had become impossible. Famine prices
for corn could not be kept up and continue the
manufacture of cheap iron and cheap cloth.
Bread had to be cheapened, or the laboring
: men must' have emigrated or starved.
' PRODUCERS AND CONSUMERS.
Let me .for a moment examine, the selfish
view of the question, and consider the interests
: of the individual apart from the interests of
, the whole people, if that be possible.
If the farmer buys more than he sells, then
bis interest may sqem to justify him in being a
free trader; but if he produces more tlian he
consumes, then he should be a protectionist.
Every seller is interested in having prices
dear; but if all sell the same article they are
all competitors, and all must sell cheaply or not
sell at all. The theory of free trade assumes
that there are more consumers than producers;
butthis absurdity is only proven by adding both
classes together as consumers. If that were
true the world would grow poorer year by
year; but directly the contrary is the fact. A
