1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
391
41st Cong....2dSess.
Northern Pacific Railroad—Mr. Mawley.
Ho. of Reps.
shone upon, that it is capable of supporting
as many people to the acre as any land under
the broad canopy of heaven, I plead for the
millions of landless men of my own and the
coming generation, that these lands may be
preserved for their occupancy and their homes;
that they may be for them and for their children.
Sir, broad as is the public domain, if this
nation shall go on increasing in numbers as it
lias done during the last fifty years it will not
bo sixty years from now ljntil all this vast coun-
try of the West will be peopled with a popula-
tion much more densely settled than is the
population of Illinois to-day. To be convinced
of this we have only to study the past history
of this country. Sixty years from now, if our
future growth shall be commensurate with our
past, we will have two hundred million people.
I stated upon a former occasion that I was not
fearful that the lands of the country would be
taken away from those who will come %fter us.
Nor am 1 now. All I ask is that they shall be
reserved for actual settlers, for those who now
or hereafter may desire to settle upon the pub-
lic domain. But, sir, I say frankly, now and
here, that unless there can be placed upon this
resolution a restriction requiring these lands
to be sold to actual settlers for a price not
exceeding $2 50 an acre, and in quantities not
exceeding one hundred and sixty acres to each
purchaser, I trust this House will have the
nerve to vote the resolution down.
The Commissionerofthe General Land Office,
in speaking of the rapidity with which the pub-
lic lands are being settled, estimates that sixty
thousand new farms were opened by actual
settlers in the year 1869, which is about double
the number of all the land-owners in England,
as returned by the British census of 1861.
Sir, it is not true that it is necessary for this
Congress to give away all the public lands, all
the public domain owned by this nation to-day.
Those who come after us will at least have in-
telligence enough to frame laws for the grant-
ing of the public domain, if they so desire, and
we must not consider it as incumbent upon us
to grant it all without conditions to railroad
monopolies. I ask the House to contemplate
for a moment the future condition of the coun-
try through which this railroad will pass, if you
shall give them this great body of lands unre-
stricted. You give the road, as I have said,
lands amounting to twenty-five thousand six
hundred acres to the mile. It stretches through
three States and four Territories, the road and
its branches extending a distance of about two
thousand miles. This law would convey to
this company a quantity of land amounting to
about fifty million acres.
Now, sir, that the danger attending such a
land grant as this may be seen, I wish for a
moment to call the attention of the House to
the condition of this country to-day so far as its
railroads are concerned. Sir, in many of the
States, where there are great railroads in opera-
tion, they control the policy and legislation of
such States. I have only to refer to the Cam-
den and Amboy railroad in New Jersey, to the
New York Central, and the New York and Erie
railroads in New York, to the Pennsylvania
Central, and to the Illinois Central. And, sir,
I call the attention of the House to the fact that
it. now seems quite probable that at an early day
(he New York Central, llie Lake Shore, the
Chicago, Rock Island, and Pacific, aud all the
branches of the Northwestern road, are to be
consolidated under one head and under one
management, and soon such combinations and
consolidations will, I have no doubt, extend
across the continent. They are above law and
beyond law. They control freights and the pas-
i-enger (ravel of this country, and, to a great
extent, they control its legislation. Andshould
this Northern Pacific road be built, I have no
dnubl it would in a very few years be consoli-
dated with the road now in operation.
Now, sir, this railroad is to extend from Lake
Superior to Puget sound, a distance of two
thousand miles, the company owning a belt
of land in alternate sections extending eighty
miles, or in places where it is necessary to
make up deficiencies, extending a distance of
one hundred and twenty miles, and owning the
soil over which the road passes, not only by
counties, but by States.
Sir, I warn gentlemen that if this grant shall
be made to this railroad company without re-
strictions, if Congress shall give to this rail-
road company this vast body of lands to be
absolutely controlled by it for all coming time,
or until it sees fit to part with it, you will de-
liver over the people of these Territories, not
only while they are Territories, but when they
become States, bound hand and foot to this
monster monopoly.
But, sir, this road, with its vast empire of
lands, is not to be controlled simply by Amer-
ican citizens, by men of our own blood and
nation, but they now ask power to mortgage
these lands. It is estimated that it will cost
$160,000,000 to construct this railroad. One
hundred and sixty million dollars of bonds are
to be issued, and a mortgage is to be given
to secure these bonds. Tlie bonds are to be
sold in Europe; and I submit to the House
that this railroad will be liable to be sold out,
every foot of it, every acre of it, to lauded
monopolies in Europe, that shall own and con-
trol the States and Territories through which
the road is to pass. I know not how other gen-
tlemen may regard it, but I regard it as a very
important matter, as important a matter as
any that can come before us for our action at
the present session; and as it is now in our
power, I trust that we shall secure this vast in-
heritance to the actual settlers of this country.
I wish, however, to offer further testimony
in reference to the character of these lands ;
and I send to the Clerk's desk to be read a
paragraph from the report of the Commissioner
of the General Land Office for the year 1869
in reference to the character of the country,
its products and its climate.
The Clerk read as follows :
" The undeveloped resources of this company are
attracting the attention of capitalists. Its landed
subsidy is double that of the Union Pacific road.
Comparatively a very small proportion of its line
runs through an elevated region, governor Stevens
was of the opinion that not more than one fifth of
the land from Red river to Puget sound is inarable,
and that this is largely made up of mountains cov-
ered with valuable timber. It is evident that an
immense agricultural area is here awaiting develop-
ment. The great wheat-growing regions on the left
bank of the upper Missouri promise speedy settle-
ment upon the opening of an avenue for the trans-
portation of their products to market. Each section
of the road as it is completed wilt from local traffic
alone find ample returns forits investment."
Mr. HAWLEY. Now it will be seen that
this country through which this road passes
is not only rich or will become rich in agricul-
tural productions when it shall be settled, but
it alternates in prairie land and timber land.
The Territory of Washington itself contains
about one half prairie land and one half tim-
ber land ; and in a great part of this region of
country through which the road runs iron,
coal, silver, gold, and copper abound, making it
not only a land that may become a laud of homes
and harvests, a land for the tiller of the soil,
but a land yielding wealth to the miner and
artisan. It contains fine grazing lands and
magnificent forests ; it combines all the ele-
ments that are necessary to the growth and
prosperity of a great people—a people who,
so far as the material resources are concerned,
will be independent of all other people upon
the face of the earth.
Sir, you may search in vain, not only the map
of your own country, but the map of all other
countries, to find a region equal in extent with
this, containing so many of the elements Unit
go to make up a great people, as the reoru:n
through which this proposed railroad will pass.
Now, let us look for a moment at the portion
of country lying far to the west through which
this proposed railroad is to pass.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will my colleague
[Mr. Hawi/ey] allow me to have read what the
first board of directors of this railroad company
estimated this grant to be worth ?
Mr. HAWLEY. I will.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask the Clerk to
read what I send to the desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
" To construct this road Congress, by an act of the
last session, made a most munificent grant of twenty
square miles of land, or twelve thousand eight hun-
dred acres far each mile of the road throughWiscon-
sin, -Minnesota, and Oregon, and forty square miles,
ortwenty-five thousand six hundred acres, for each
mile of the road through Dakota, Montana, Idaho,
and Washington Territories, making an aggregate
of forty-seven million three hundred and sixty thou-
sand acres for tne whole grant.
"These lands, when the road shall be built and the
business fairly started, including town and station
sites, would certainly average ten dollars per acre,
making the sum of $473,600,000.
" Supposing the construction of the road should cost
SCO,000 per mile, the entire cost at this rate would be
$120,000,000, leaving to the shareholders an excess of
clear profit from tho lands alone of $353,(500,000.
" This estimate of SG0,000 per mile as the cost of the
road was liberal, in view of the vast quantities of
material for its construction found along the routo,
including exhaustless mines of iron of the best qual-
ity which could be turned into rails.
"And the estimate at ten dollars per acre as the
value of tbe land is reasonable, when those lands are
compared with the grant made for the construction
of the Illinois Central railroad.
" Thelands granted to thiscompanyhave not been
culled and selected, butare emphatically new lands,
while the Illinois grant was of lands which had been
many years in the maiket, much of them having
been graded down to twelve and a half cents per acre;
yet no sooner was the road completed than those
shilling lands at once rose in value to twenty dollars,
thirty dollar?, fifty dollars, and even 6100 per acre,
and from them that road was now in successful oper-
ation. t
"With perseverance and energy, backed by the
means at their command, this road could easily be
completed and in full operation, with a telegraph
accompanying it. within seven years; and atthis rate
costing, as already estimated, §120,000,000, tho pro-
ceeds of the lands wonld yield to the shareholders,
after reimbursing the whole of the original outlay,
more than one hundred per cent, upon the capital,
leaving out of view the earnings of the road."
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is the estimate
of the board of directors of this railroad com-
pany, that this grant is worth $350,000,000
more than the whole road will cost.
Mr. HAWLEY'. I am much indebted to my
colleague [Mr. Faensworth] for furnishing me
with evidence so pertinent to the subject upon
which I am now addressing the House.
When interrupted by r.iy colleague [Mr.
Farxswohth] I was going on to speak of the
character of the country along the western por-
tion of this road, along the Pacific ocean and
Puget sound, where this road is to terminate.
It appears by the report of the Commissioner
of tiie General Land Office that Puget sound
has a shore line of fifteen hundred miles. And
from all the information I can obtain upon the
subject I am impressed with the conviction that
there is no portion of this country, perhaps of
the globe, that furnishes so fine a harbor. It
is a region of country combining magnificent
facilities for water transportation with all tho
advantages of a rich soiland a mild and health-
ful climate, aud the uay is nut far distant when
it must be densely populated.
Nov/, gentlemen will observe that this road
not only runs to Portland, in Oregon, but its
branch runs to Paget sound, and to any point
upon Paget sound to which this company may
see lit to build it. If this joint resolution bo-
comes a lav/ it will be entitled for the main
road and this branch to forty sections of land
to each mile. It will be seen at once that th"\
can take up all the odd-numbered sections oi
land along the whole shore line, not only ol
! Puget sound, but of a great part of the Pacific
i coast in the northern part of Oregon and inlh"
1 Territory of Washington.
i wish gentlemen of the House to particu-
