1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2 m
residence. Ill that particular case the court
said that without reference to the bodily pres-
ence of the person, the intention was proved
and the intention was executed of fixing an
inhabitancy. So in this case I say that the fact
that the flesh and the bones of General Ames
had been carried by a military order to the
State of Mississippi, and there held by a military
order, fixed no domicile in the sense in which
that word is being used in this debate, no in-
habitancy, no residence.
Mr. HOWE. No inhabitancy, I admit; but
does the Senator mean to say that General
Ames had no domicile in Mississippi at the
time of his election?
Mr. CONKLING. May I ask the honorable
Senator a question in return, as the shortest
answer? Does he mean to say thatevery officer
sent under a military order to a barracks has a
domicile in that barracks?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, Mr. President, I mean
t<i say that he has a domicile in those barracks
while he stays there.
Mr. CONKLING. Now we understand each
other, and we see that it is a mere play upon
words. In one sense, of course, he has a dom-
icile.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator admits that he
understands me; but now I beg to understand
him. Does he deny that at the time General
Ames was elected in Mississippi he had a
domicile in Mississippi ? That is plain enough.
Mr. CONKLING. When the honorable Sen-
ator uses the word "domicile" as applicable
to this debate, when he uses it in that sense in
which alone it must be used here, I do deny it
utterly, as much as I denied the other day,
when the honorable Senator from Michigan
suggested it, that General Ames had a domicile
and an inhabitancy at West Point because he
was sent there to the Academy ; a parallel case
with this.
In one general sense, of course, he has a
domicile, just as it has been held upon indict-
ments for arson and for burglary that a lodger
has a domicile in the room of a hotel; but in
the sense under consideration now I deny it.
Why? Because volition, voluntary occupation,
i<s an essential element in inhabitancy, and this
man was for the purposes of this argument as
the sheep that was to he shorn and was dumb
before his shearer, with no more volition, no
more effect resulting from any act of his which
must have been done sui juris, than if he had
been a feme covert, an indentured apprentice,
or an infant. That is my argument; and there-
fore I say when you call for the fact, the overt
act in the language of John Marshall, which is
required in this case, you must find it aliunde,
you must find it dehors, the circumstance that
physically he was present, because that phys-
ical presence is explained away.
That is the argument; and, Mr. President,
no member of this body is going to vote or to
lessen the responsibility of a vote because he
does not understand the argument. No, sir;
it is too plain to be misunderstood; it stands
out like a sunbeam in this case, and to sum it
up in a single statement, disposing as the law
does dispose of the physical presence of Gen-
eral Ames, the case is left, as the Senator from
Illinois well said, destitute, absolutely des-
titute, not merely of one of the two ingredi-
ents, but of both of the ingredients which
must be present, each of them, in order to
constitute an inhabitancy. That is the point,
Mr. President, and I say it is a proposition of
law, because the facts are uncontested and
conceded. Therefore it seems to mo thatevery
Senator must express his opinion of the prin-
ciple which governs this case, and of the legal
application of that principle to uncontested
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] to strike out the
word "not."
Mr. J OHNSTON. Before the vote is taken
on this question I desire to state that I am
paired with my colleague, [Mr. Lewis.] He
would vote in favor of this amendment, and I
should vote against it.
Mr. STOCKTON. I will state to the Senate
that I have paired with the Senator from Indi-
ana [Mr. Morton"] 011 this question. He
would vote "yea" if he were present, and I
should vote " nay."
Mr. THURMAN. On this question I am
paired with the Senator from South Carolina,
[Mr. Sawyer.] If he were here he would vote
in favor of this amendment, and I against it.
Mr. FOWLER. On this question I am
gaired with the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr.
jeiaogg.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 40, nays 12; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Brownlow, Cameron, Cat-
toll, Chandler,Cole. Corbett,Crasin, Drake.Fonton,
Flanagan, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Har-
ris, Howard, Howe, Howell. McDonald, Morrill of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Osborn. Patterson,
Pomeroy, Pool, Ramsey, Bevels, B,ice, Ross, Scott,
Sherman, Spencer, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Tip-
ton, Warner. Williams, and Wilson—40.
iwVYS — Messrs. Bayard, Carpenter, Casserly,
Conkling. Davis, Edmunds, MeCreery, N orton,Pratt,
Seliurz, Trumbull, and Vickers—12.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Bucking-
ham, Ferry, Powler, Hamilton of Maryland, Harlan,
Johnston, Kellogg, lewis, Morton, Robertson, Sauls-
bury, Sawyer, Sprague, Stockton, Thurman, Willey,
and Yates—-19.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The question
recurs on agreei ng to the resolution as amended.
Mr. SUMNER. Let it be read as it now
stands.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
as amended will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Hesohed, That Adelbcrfc Ames is eligible to the
seat in the Senate of the United States to which he
has been appointed.
The resolution was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator-
elect will present himself at the chair to take
the oaths of office.
Mr. Ames was escorted to the chair by Mr.
Morrill, of Maine, and the oaths prescribed
by law having been administered to him, he
took his seat in the Senate.
j'ay op new senators.
Mr. DRAKE. I offer the following resolu-
tion touching the pay of the newly admitted
Senators from Mississippi and Texas :
liesolved, That the Secretary of the Senate bo di-
rected to pay the Senators from the State of Missis-
sippi the compensation allowed by law from the 23d
day of February, 1S70; and the Senators from the
State of Texas from the 30th day of March, 1870, the
dates of the acts declaring said States respectively
entitled to representation in the Congress of the
United States.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that this resolution, as he understands,
is in accordance with the report of the Com-
mittee ou the Judiciary in the Virginia ease.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is any resolution neces-
^The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not know whether it is necessary or not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is no objection
to it, but I supposed the question was settled
and that no resolution was necessary.
Mr. DRAKE. It has been settled in other
cases bv a resolution in each individual case.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is it necessary to go on
settling it in each case that arises?
Sir. DRAKE. The Secretary says it is in
order that he may show his authority to the
accounting officers of the Government.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well; 1 have no
objection.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
executive session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate re-
sumes the consideration of the Georgia bill,
and the pending question is on the amendment
of ihe Senator from Michigan [Mr. Howard]
to the amendment of the Senator from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Drake.]
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness. _["No,_" "No."] We must go into
executive session for one minute.
Mr. CAMERON. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question re-
curs on the motion of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after a short
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, April 1, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain of the Senate, Rev. J. P.
Newman, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
adjournment oyer.
Mr. WOOD. I rise to a privileged motion.
I move that when the House adjourns to-day it
be to meet on Monday next.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
hope we shall not adjourn over to-morrow.
We have so much business before us, iD the
shape of private bills, &c., that at this stage
of the session we ought not to lose a day.
Mr. WOOD. There is not a quorum present
now, and I doubt if there will be a quorum
present to-day. It is doubtful if any business
can be transacted to-morrow, so many members
have left the city to be absent till after Sunday.
Mr. CULLOM. I hope that we will have a
session to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Wood] is correct in his sup-
position that there is no quorum present, that
fact would defeat his motion; for it will re-
quire a quorum to order an adjournment till
Monday. The gentleman can withdraw his
motion for the present and again submit it
later in the day.
Mr. WOOD. I withdraw my motioa; but I
give notice that I shall oppose the passage of
any bill unless there is a quorum here to vote
upon it. Gentlemen may speak if they desire
to do so, but they cannot do any business in the
absence of a quorum.
soldiers' monument, newark, new jersey.
Mr. MOORE, of New Jersey, by unanimous
consent, introduced a joint resolution (H. R.
No. 222) granting condemned guns for sol-
diers' monument at Fairmount Cemetery, New-
ark, New Jersey ; which was read a first and
second time.
Mr. MOORE, of New Jersey. I ask that
this joint resolution be put on its passage at the
present time.
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution will
be read, when, if there be no objection, its
consideration will be proceeded with.
The joint resolution was read. It authorizes
the Secretary of War t<9 turn over to the man-
agers of the Fairmount Cemetery at Newark,
New Jersey, six pieces of condemned iron or
brass guns on hand, unfit for Army purposes,
for ornamentation of the soldiers' monument
therein.
There being no objection, the joint resolu-
tion was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and being engrossed; it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
trade with british provinces.
Mr, BENNETT, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 223)
relative to trade with British dependencies m
North America; which was read a first and
second time. „
' The joint resolution directs the Secretary or
I the Treasury to cause an inquiry to be made
I &r the information of Congress relative to the
I state of trade between the United States and
