94
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
regarded as questions of privilege; but consent
has generally, if not always, been granted to
Senators desiring to make such explanations,
at the convenience of the Senate. The request
of the Senator from Tennessee is before the
Senate. .
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, I rise
to ask whether it would not be as convenient
for the Senator from Tennessee to proceed to-
morrow morning or the day after to-morrow,
so that some of us may have an opportunity
to submit some remarks to the Senate in refer-
ence to the extraordinary doctrine -which has
been presented to-day by my honorable friend
from Missouri, [Mr. Drake?]
Mr. STEWART. I suggest to the Senator
from Delaware that the bill of the Senator
from Missouri may be postponed if he desires
to express his views upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Delaware that the
Senator from Tennessee has just notified the
Chair that to-morrow will be convenient for
him, although lhat may possibly be occupied
with the fuueral addresses on the lute Senator
from Maine. The Senator from Vermont is
entitled to the floor ou the pending bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My purpose—as I sup-
posed this bill would be referred, as a matter
of course,to the Committee on the Judiciary-
was only to say a word in reply to what the
honorable Senator from Missouri has advanced.
I ara probably as much irritated, in a polit-
ical sense, at some proceedings which are called
judicial that have taken place, and at some
that are supposed to be impending, as he is ;
but I have been taught to suppose that there
was a wide difference between Congress un-
dertaking to assert its own right to judge of
what its political action should be, and its own
right to defend itself against any interference
by any tribunal, judicial or otherwise, with its
right to determine the political situation of
uuy part of the country or its right to determ-
moa political fact with any foreign Power, aud
the right of Congress to declare that it was the
sole judge in all cases of the constitutionality
in all matters affecting private rights of its own
action.
Now, the theory of all constitutional govern-
ment, as 1 have supposed, is that the people
themselves are notalwaysto be trusted on any
particular day, andthat constitutionsare framed
for the purpose of preventing the people them-
selves from interfering with what on the whole
it is thought fit should be sacred. That is one
purpose; and so it is with law. Every law that
we pass is a restraint upon the people ; and yet
the people do not claim the right in civilized gov-
ernments to change their law-makers every day
because some portion of the people do not hap-
pen to like a law. The distinction, therefore,
is—because I do not intend to go into tho dis-
cussion—in the theory of my friend and mine,
between undertaking to find out what the will
of the people is through the voice of Congress,
to-day, or yesterday, or in 1858, and undertak-
ing to find out what the will of the people is by
looking at their fundamental law, which they
have ordained to be above the infraction of any-
body, for the security of the subjects and the
promotion of the objects, over which it operates.
Then, how are you to find it? The Consti-
tution itself has declared—and that is the peo-
ple's will, I take it—how you are to find it. It
says that all judicial questions shall be determ-
ined by the judiciary, and that all political
power shall be vested in another branch, and
all executive power in a third; and it also
declares that this Constitution and the laws
made in pursuance of it—that is the language;
not otherwise—shall be the supreme law of the
land. Now, is not a court to determine what
the law is as between parties who are before it?
If it is not I should be glad to know what tri-
bunal is. Does not all history demonstrate to
us that the greatest safeguard of liberty and of
private rights, which my friend and myself are
both anxious to protect, is found, not in the
legislative branch of a government, not in the
executive branch of a government, but in its
fundamental law that secures those private
rights, administered by an independent and
fearless judiciary? There is the security of
liberty; there is the security of progress in
society; there is the anchor that holds together
the wishes of all good men.
I do not mean to defend any particular court.
That is a thing of to-day. I do not mean to
condemn any particular court. All I mean to
say now is that while I believe, as much as I
can believe anything, that the Supreme Court
of the United States, like the supreme courts
of the various States, has a perfect right and
it is its bounden duty to declare between suit-
ors before it whether the Constitution directs
or prohibits a particular thing, whether a law
stands in the way of it or not, I also believe that
upon every case which involves questions of
political fact or political action we are the
judges from beginning to end ; and if in any
case between parties the right of the party
depends upon the ascertaining of what the
political condition of a fact is, that court is as
niucli bound to look to us to ascertain what
that political fa'ct may be as is the humblest
officer in the Government; and it always has
hitherto, with possibly one recent exception,
and I do not know whether that is an excep-
tion or not.
To defend our political position I will go as far
as my friend will; but to undertake to declare
that the tribunals of the country—because you
must go to that extent everywhere if you assert
it. here—have 110 power to sit in judgment as
between the Constitution and a law passed
under it, is to go altogether beyond what I am
sure the liberty of any people can require or
what the liberty of any people ^could endure
for any great length of time.
Mr. SAULSBURY. _ Mr. President, it is
not my intention to go into any lengthy dis-
cussion of the propositions submitted by the
honorable Senator from Missouri. I listened
to his argument very carefully, and for two
reasons : one, because he stated to us that he
had very thoroughly examined the question,
and another, because he said he had never met
with any member of the bar who had investi-
gated it. I therefore expected a flood of light
to be thrown upon the subject. I must say,
however,that while many things were new,many
things were strange. I had an installment of a
part of it the pther day. Stepping into the
Supreme Court of the United States I found
that a gentleman whom I did not know was
addressing that high body, and in the course of
his remarks on the subject of the constitution-
ality of an act of Congress then being before
that tribunal he told them the manner in which
they should approach the consideration of the
subject; that that act was passed by so many
Senators, selected from their respective States
on account of theirgreat legal learning, by some
two or three hundred Representatives from the
different congressional districts of the United
States, selected by the people on account of
their great legal learning, and that in each
of these bodies there were men who would
adorn and honor the bench upon which the
judgessat. " And may it please your honors,"
remarked the learned gentleman, "I cite this
act itself, their act, passed under the obligation
of an oath, as an authority to the court."
Sir, I began to expand when I found that the
acts of the body of which I was an humble
member were by a high law officer of the coun-
try cited to its highest legal tribunal as author-
ity to govern their decisions. But, sir, that
intimation, then for the first time in this coun-
try made before a legal tribunal, has been acted
upon to-day by the honorable member from
Missouri; and we are told that Congress, the
creature of the Constitution, its powers ex-
pressly limited in the instrument creating it,
has no superior; that there is no power under
the Federal Constitution to question its action;
that it may do as it pleases, and that there is
no authority save itself to review its acts.
The honorable Senator has told us that prior
to 1787 there had been no attempt either in
England or this country to declare a national
act of legislation null and inoperative; and he
claims from this fact, if fact it be, that there
is no power known to the Constitution and laws
of the country, no tribunal established by that
Constitution and those laws,to review the action
of this body and the other House with a view of
determining its conformity or repugnancy to
the Constitution of the United States. Why,
sir, the question here is a question as to the
power of Congress under the Constitution,
which was created in 1787; and, as a matter
of course, any question as to its powers could
not be determined before its creation.
But, sir, I assert that the power claimed for
the Congress of the United States by the hon-
orable member from Missouri, whether it is
fully admitted or only partially admitted by
him, is a power in every respect as limitless, as
undefined as thatclaimedby the Parliament of
Great Britain. The honorable member says
that all legislative power is vested in the Con-
gress of the United States. Sir, all legislative
power is not vested in the Congress of the
United States now, and never has been, and
may Heaven forbid that it ever should be. All
legislative power under the Government of
Great Britain is vested in the Parliament of
GreatBritain. It is omnipotent; itcan change
the occupant of the throne; it can take the
property of one subject and give it to another
without compensation; and, although some
writers have denied it, it can even make a man
a judge in his own cause. It can do anything ;
it is not limited by written or prescriptive law ;
it is a law unto itself; its will is absolute.
Hence it is that it may exercise all power and
do any act. There is no power in the judiciary,
or in the king upon his throne, or in any tribu-
nal on earth that can limit or restrain it. Such
is the full and the omnipotent power of the
Parliament of Great Britain.
Sir, does your Constitution give to the Con-
gress of the United States that power? Does
it pretend to give to the Congress of the United
States all legislative power? No, sir; it gives
to the Congress of the United States the legisla-
tive power granted by the instrument. I call the
attention of the honorable member to the words:
"All legislative powers herein granted shall be
vested in a Congress of the United States, which
shall consist of a Senate and House of "Represent-
atives."
A very different thing from "all legislative
power." And when we look into the Consti-
tution to see what is the "legislative powers
herein granted," we find that the powers of
Congress, like those of every other department
of the Government, are enumerated, limited,
and restrained to the subjects-matter named in
the Constitution. Further, all powers not
granted by the Constitution are reserved to the
States or to the people.
Think, Mr. President, of a claim of omnipo-
tence in Congress 1 Sir, there is no branch of
this Government that is omnipotent. The Gov-
ernment in all its powers combined is not
omnipotent. You have a Government in the
whole as well as in its parts, of delegated
power; and it never was the intention, and it
never was asserted by any founder of this Gov-
ernment, and there is no respectable writer
upon the nature of the Government or upon
the Constitution of the country who has ever
contended that the Government in all its depart-
ments combined possessed omnipotence. But
thehonorableSenatorseeinghow many " hoary
errors," for eighty long years recognized as
sound constitutional doctrine and law, have
been plucked up in the last eight or nine years,
comes forward, his path made easy, to root up
this last and holiest "error" of all, that the
courts of the United States have some judicial
