1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
95
power, the power to pass upon the constitu-
tionality of congressional enactments.
Why, sir, in listening to the honorable Sen-
ator from Missouri, and hearing him discuss
judicial power, I was forcibly reminded of a
little circumstance which occurred in the early
stages of my professional life. It was my duty
then, as the law officer of the State, to prosecute
a man for an assault with an intent to commit
murder. Their honors sat upon the bench, in
case of any disagreement between the counsel
for the defense and myself to explain to the
jury what the law was. When I had concluded
on the part of the State the counsel for the
defense rose and addressed the jury for some
time, when turning to the court he remarked
that he had nothing to say to them except that
they had 110 authority to say to that jury one
word either about the law or the facts. A whis-
per went around tlie bar, " What, then, is the
authority of the court?" The chief justice
politely asked the counsel for the defense to turn
to a certain provision of the constitution and
read that. He read it, and it was that the judicial
power of this State shall be vested in certain
courts. "Now," said the chief justice, "Mr.
Attorney, please to define to us judicial power."
The court was answered, "Judicial power!
judicial power I why, it is to keep order in
court." His Honor was thus reduced to chief
tipstaff of'the court. [Laughter.] So if we
were to look for the judicial power of the Fed-
eral judiciary, in the view of tho honorable
member from Missouri I do not think it would
be far more exalted than that simple power to
preserve order in court.
Mr. President, in the consideration of ques-
tions of this character the great men who pro-
ceded us in both Halls of Congress and tho
writers upon subjects of this kind have been
wont to look into the written opinions left by
the framers of that instrument to seo what they
thought. Having framed the Constitution, they
are to be supposed to know better at least than
any other body of men what that Constitution
contains and what it was intended to mean.
Now, sir, this " hoary error" which the learned
Senator would pluck up was an "error" recog-
nized, believed in by tho framers of that instru-
ment. The honorable Senator, I have 110
doubt, has looked into' tho Federalist, for he
has thoroughly investigated this subjcct, and
has arrived at a conclusion totally different
from that of every other member of the profes-
sion in the United States. If he will look into
the Federalist closely, ho will find in tho letters
of Mr. Madison and Mr. Hamilton not only tho
declaration that the judicial power of the Uni-
ted States does extend to declaring an act of
the Federal Congress repugnant to the Consti-
tution of the United States, but it islarguedby
them that it was absolutely necessary that such
a department with such powers should exist in
this Government, if this Government could
claim to be a free'Government.
Not only the power is recognized as existing
iu the Federal Constitution, but the wisdom of
placing the power there is most elaborately
discussed. Sir, with the authorities before the
honorable Senator, as he admits, showing a
recognition of this doctrine by judicial decision,
by text-writers, by the universal opinion of the
profession for at least sixty-five years, I should
have supposed that it was too late in the day
for him to attempt to overturn the settled judg-
ment of the American people and of tho i"ogal
profession of the United States; and I doubt
not, although it was insensible to the honorable
Senator himself, that he would not have made
the attempt had it not been a habit which we
have all experienced in these late days of con-
sidering everything in the past as ot 110 binding
force and as unworthy to be regarded as set-
tled, and that this measure of his was only
intended as a great improvement, in the way of
a radical advance upon that whichhas already
taken place through the land and in Congress.
But, sir, one of the strangest arguments to
my mind offered by the honorable Senator in
support of his theory is that it is not to be pre-
sumed that the Congress of the United States
would pass an unconstitutional act. The hon-
orable Senator seems to consider it a reflection
upon this, the great national Legislature, that
it could enter into the imagination of man to
conceive that such an exalted body, so learned
in the law, so well acquainted with the science
of government, should at any time, either
rashly, inadvertently, or otherwise, pass an act
which should be repugnant to tho Constitution
of the United States 1 He would claim for it
not only omnipotence, but infallibility. Mr.
President, we are not without warning on this
subject. The great men who framed the Con-
stitution and who vested in the Federal courts
the judicial power under the Constitution fore-
saw that the Federal Legislature of this country
would be composed of men with the like infirm-
ities and subject to the like errors of men com-
posing the legislatures of other nations. _ The
argument of the honorable Senator reminded
me of the utterances of one of the framers of this
very Constitution, an extract from whose writ-
ings I have before me, and which I will read.
It is a reflection, the honorable Senator would
have us believe, upon Congress even to suppose
that they would .pass an unconstitutional act.
Gouverneur Morris says—the extract will be
found in volume three, page 223, of his Life and
Writings:
" But after nil, whatdoesitsifrnify that men should
have 11. written constitution, containingnnoumvociu
provisions and limitations? 'J. li<? legislative lion will
not bo entangled in tho meshes of a logical net.
Legislation will always make tho power which it
wishos to exerciso, unless it be so arranged as to con-
tain within itself tho sufficient cheek. Attempts to
restrain it from outrage by other moans will only
render it more outrageous. Tho idea of binding
legislators by oath is puerile. Having sworn to_ exer-
cise tho powois granted according to their true intont
and moaning they will, when they feel adosire to go
further, avoid tho shame, it not the guilt of perjury,
by swearing tho trao intent and meaning to bo,
according to their apprehension, that winch suits
tboir purpose."
Gouviyneur Morris was only judging of the
men who should fill the Halls of the Federal
Congress by what experience had taught him
in respect to men who had filled other legisla-
tive halls.
15ut, Mr. President, there are certain pro-
visions of the Constitution which restrain Con-
gress from doing certain acts. The honorable
Senator says that reference to such provisions
as these only weakens tho arguments of the
opponents of his views. But, sir, I should like
to know, in ease Congress wero to do one of
the things here prohibited, what would be the
remedy ?
" Tho privilege of tho writ of habcan connui shall
not. ho suspended, unless when in cases of rebellion
or invasion the public safety may require it."
1 do not intend to alarm the Senate by an
argument 011 the subject of tho writ of habeas
corpus. 1 know it is a writ not very much
respected by tho legislation of Congress, and
1 therefore shall not attempt to say one word
in reference to its character or tho necessity of
its existence. Hut suppose to-day, when there
is no invasion or rebellion, the Congress of tho
United States wero to pass an act suspending
the writ of hibeas corpus throughout the Uni-
ted States, and every man iu the country was
subject to be arrested and denied a trial before
tho courts of the United States. The proposi-
tion of the honorable Senator, it' it is law,
would be to decido that he had no remedy ; that
he must be held in time of peace when there
was neither a war of invasion nor a rebellion.
What is the remedy which the Senator suggests,
(lie only remedy which he declares does or
; should exist? An appeal upon questions of
: law to this great court of errors winch the hon-
! orable Senator has erected for the admiration
j of the American people. What is the remedy?
j Not an appeal to the courts; for lie says they
j have not the power constitutionally to give
| relief, or he proposes to take it'away from
ithem; but an appeal to tho people! Now,
Senators, go home and iu your different States
assemble the people in mass meeting; and
let the Representatives in the other House
each one repair to his district, and let there be
summoned some thirty-seven great high courts
of appeal, State courts, if you please, and
some two or tliree hundred smaller or district
courts of appeal, to decide the question of this
man who is illegally restrained of lys liberty,
and who is now in custody by the exercise of
unconstitutional power!
"No bill of attainder or ex post facto law
shall be passed but suppose Congress should
undertake to pass sucli a law, what then ? '1 he
courts shall not decide upon it., says the hon-
orable member ; they never had power under
the Constitution to do so ; it has been a usurp-
ation ever since the foundation of the Gov-
ernment, which usurpation he now proposes
to remove. But where is tho remedy? Oh,
says the honorable Senator, if Congress were
to pass such a law it would be the same as if
Congress were to place in.their bill " this is-
revolutionary," and then it is a question of
force between Congress and the courts, aud
the courts can declare, says the honorable
member, that the act is what Congress itself
says it is, revolutionary. Then, sir, it logically
follows from the reasoning of the Seuator that
the ultimate power of deciding constitutional
questions under this Government is force, and
foice alone. 1 submit to the honorable mem-
ber, as a lawyer, that that cannot be tho proper
construction of the Constitution.
Mr. President, I shall detain the Senate for
hut a moment longer. What are the powers
of the Federal judiciary? The Constitution
prescribes them :
"Tho judicial power of the United States shall be
vested in one Supreme Court and in such inferior
courts as the Congress may from time to time ordain
and establish." * * * * * *
"Tho judicial power shall extend to all eases 111
law and equity arising under this Constitution, tho
laws of tho United States, and treaties made or
which shall bo made under thoir authority."
And in another article the Constitution
declares:
"This Constitution and the laws of the United
Htatcs which shall bo made in pursuance thereof,"
* * * "shall be the supremo law of tho
land."
An act of Congress, therefore, by express
provision of the Constitution, to be the supreme
law of the land must be made in pursuance
of the Constitution. This provision implies
that acts of Congress maybe made which shall
not. be in pursuance of the Constitution.
Well, Mr. President, I submit to the honor-
able Senator this inquiry: is the question, is
an act of Congress made in pursuance of the
Constitution, or is it not, a judicial or a legis-
lative question? Congress passes an act, and
the question arises, is that act in pursuance of
the Constitution of the United States, or is it
repugnant to the Constitution of the United
States ; is that a judicial or a legislative ques-
tion ? The honorable Senator will not claim
that the Congress of the United States has judi-
cial power, unless be will claim it under this
onmipotency, or, as he modihed it afterward,
under a certain degree of omnipoteney. Well,
if the Congress of the United States have not
judicial power, and the question whether an act
of the Legislature is in pursuance of or is repug-
nant to the Constitution of the United States
bo a judicial question and not alegislative ques-
tion, who is to decide it? To determine what
is law, common law, or statute law is an inhe-
rent and essential element of judicial power.
Sir, that great tribunal erected by the framers
of the Constitution for the security of the Amer-
ican citizen in all his rights of life, person, and
liberty is the tribunal vested by the Constitution
with the power of deciding upon this and all
other judicial questions. " Woodman, spare
that tree.That great tribunal is the last thing
you have left us by your legislation to remind us
I that we once lived under a free Constitution.
! Under the pretext—I wish to be respectful, and
