1870.
SHE! CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3205
tionisU. In England the elder and the younger
Pitt, and in 1' ranee Colbert—ministers and
statesmen whose far-reaching sagacity hasnever
been impeached, and whose fame still shines
brightly overthecivilized world—were in favor
of the sturdiest kind of protection, and went
not only to the verge of what might practically
prove to be prohibitory duties, but sometimes
to prohibition in terms. Napoleon went so far
as to say that duties should never be a fiscal
instrument, but a means of protecting indus-
try. Pitt went so far, in 1802, as to specially
legislate against the competition even of the
United States, and by protection be triumph-
antly sustained the fiuanccs of his country
through a long and most expensive war.
"Under his administration," says the histo-
rian Allison, "the revenue, trade, and man-
ufactures of England were doubled, its colonies
and political strength quadrupled, and heraised
an island in the Atlautic, once only a remote
province of the Roman empire, to such a pitbh
of grandeur as to be enabled to bid defiance
to the world inarms." Macaulay styled Pitt
" the greatest master of the whole art of par-
liamentary government that has ever existed."
And yet the polished sophists of free trade
would have us believe that sach men as these
lived and died ignorant of the sound prin-
ciples of political economy. Tbey heeded
not free trade. The master mind of oar own
country, Hamilton, sought by his famous re*
port, supported by one of the first acts of
Congress, for which Madison voted, to "en-
courage manufactures" by the protection of
American products. Our most generous states-
man, Henry Clay, and our boldest, General
Jackson, as well as the coolest and most astute,
John Quincy Adams,'' were protectionists in
head and heart. The ship of State was in no
danger of foundering under the pilotage of
these men, and, if their policy was wise, time
has famished no reasons for change except in
degree. Perfection of means and ends may
be so nearly reached that favor is no longer
required as to many articles; but others from
necessity lag at unequal distances in the race,
and still require to be nursed.
Nations which rely on the fertility of their
soil, or upon a single crop, with no alternative
means of subsistence, place even their mod-
erate prosperity in continual jeopardy, and
their average accumulation of profits must re-
main lean and scant forever. The same would
be true of a people confined to manufactures
exclusively. In any season of scarcity, when
other nations are without a surplus of bread-
stuffs, the dependent people are exposed to
starvation. A community relying upon one
branch of manufactures, though surrounded by
agrain and cattle-producing country, is subject
tosevere fluctuations; but when these branches
are largely multiplied the unprosperous man-
ufactures form only the exception and not the
role.
HOIIJ-HADI ASVICLBS BIST AJTD CHEAPEST.
A liberal interfusion of manufactures among
all agricultural communities thus appears to
me desirable for several reasons. First, it
begets a wider knowledge of general subjects,
especially of the practical sciences, and forms
amoreintelligent people. Second, it increases
the wealth and independence of farmers by the
*Toidance of the immense cost of shipments
to and from foreign lands. Fair trade—very
different from free trade—consists in an ex-
change of products costing an equal amount
of labor. If these are all produced in the
8 me locality, all the facts are known and no
advantages can be long concealed, and the
'^hi'list might be indefinitely increased from the i
S i ft"1® Republican party by such names as i
I of Tliomaa JeUerson, who writes in 1815 as f. i- i
lows: TheprohibitorydutieSwelay ui)on all articles
•", Vps™ manufacture which prudence requires us to 1
establish at home, with the patriotic determination
oi every good citizen to use uo foreign article which
can be made within ourselves, without regard to dif- l!
jerence of prices, secures us against relapse and for- i
eita depemlenty," j
result is fair trade. When the farmer of Illi-
nois sends wheat to England in exchange for
Sheffield cutlery, London watches, or Notting-
ham laces, he can form no just estimate of the
actual value of what he receives, and does not
know whether he is cheated or not; but if he
can exchange his wheat for such commodities
made in his own neighborhood he will know
all about it When he buys an Illinois plow
or an Illinois wagon or Illinois watch he always
gets a prime article at a fair price. The knack
of machinery and the profits of trade are no
secret at home. The profits on foreign articles
are unknown, except that they are known to be
generally much greater than upon those of do-
mestic origin. Hence dealers have an interest
in handling foreign to the exclusion of Amer-
ican goods, and the greater profits thus derived
enable them to liberally patronize the press,
as well as to subsidize peripatetic philosophers
of free trade. A particular style of foreign
goods is more easily monopolized than those
made at our own doors, and if found salable
cannot at once and so easily be duplicated by
neighboring competitors. A domestic article,
however, if founa salable, will at once be mul-
tiplied, and can be ordered by any number of
dealers in such quantities as to cause a reduc-
tion of prices by a destructive competition.
American, articles of a staple kind, produced in
large quantities, like cut nails, prints, delaines,
cotton cloth, white lead, shoes, and boots, are
usually sold at a bare commission, and often
without any profit at all, whether at wholesale
or retail. Many dealers in imported goods
keep and sell lines of staple American goods
at cost as baits to catch customers for the trade
in more profitable commodities.
Purchasers have a fashionable partiality for
goods of foreign make and style, and have not
yet found out that American iron, cotton, and
woolens are tougher, stronger, and more dura-
ble than such as are usually imported. This
prejudice and ignorance has to be conciliated
by a reduction of price, and a superior Amer-
ican article is often sold for less than an infe-
rior foreign article of the same sort readily
commands. It is true that the relative merits
of American manufactures, as compared with
some others, appear to be better understood
in some places abroad, and British manufac-
turers have been lately often detected in using
the stamp and brand of American manufac-
turers in order to fraudulently dispose of their
own goods in far-off markets. Very likely
our manufacturers have undervalued the artis-
tic training and culture of their workmen; but
it is a vital point which cannot longer be safely
neglected. It is not the role of America to
follow, but to lead.
A LIBIL BSFCTKD.
It is a libel to charge, as it has often been
charged, that protection is always increasing
its demands for further legislative favors. That
is not the history of England, nor of any land
where protection ever had a foot-hold, and
surely it is no part of our own history. The
facts are all the other way. Experienced
manufacturers are always moderate in their
demands. Only those unskilled, or working
with inferior machinery, clamor for extrava-
gant protection, and such extravagances may
be properly rejected, just as clamor in the
opposite direction may be rejected. Prudent
men know that large protection rouses a host
of wild and reckless competitors, who flourish
for a day and go down with a crash, carrying
with them even those whose more prudent
management deserved success.
In 1861 oar tariff was largely changed to
specifics; not much raised, though made more
protective by being unchangeable ; not vanish-
ing to a minimum when a maximum is most
needed, as ad valorems vanish upon a fall in
prices; but the change was not asked for, and
but coldly welcomed at the time by manufac-
turers, who always and justly fear instability.
It was, however, as favorable to their interests
as to those of agriculture, then more directly
acknowledged, or of the Government, which
sought a more honest method of collecting its
revenues by treating all importers with a fixed
and unalterable measure. Our recent war com-
pelled us from year to year to increase our
revenues immensely. Instead of one sym-
metrical law, like that of 1861, we have from
necessity an accumulation of amendments.
For revenue purposes, and not for protection
solely, 60 per cent, in many instances has
been added to the tariff, denounced as a Chinese
wall, to enable our home trade to beai the new
but indispensable burdens of internal taxation.
Already we have relinquished most of such
taxes, and have ceased to collect more than a
mere pittance on the sale of home manufactures.
So far, then, as protection merely is concerned,
if the revenue could be spared, we might safely
remit a percentage of the tariff on a consider-
able share of our foreign importations, but the
question is whether it would be wise at present
to diminish the receipts of the Treasury at all
or not; (the President and the Secretary of
the Treasury think not;) and if wise, whether
the revenue can be released on imposts or from
other more direct taxes with the greatest ad-
vantage to our people. It seems clear to me
that it will be sound policy to make our resources
abundant until our debt shall be funded at a
lower rate of interest, and that the least bur-
densome of our taxes are those imposed upon
foreign importations.
At the same time it is a mistake of the friends
of a sound tariff to insist upon the extreme
rates imposed during the war, if less will raise
the necessary revenue. Nor should the rates
be so high as to make smuggling with all its
risks a profitable business. It may be admitted
that these rates should only be maintained at
a point high enough to cover any unusual tax-
ation. Whatever percentage of duties were
imposed upon foreign goods to cover internal
taxes upon home manufactures, should not now
be claimed as the lawful prize of protection
when such taxes have been repealed. There
is no longer an equivalent. The small increase
of the tariff for this reason on iron, salt, woolens,
and cottons cannot be maintained except on
the principle of obtaining« proper amount of
revenue. Protection has here no legitimate
claims, and it may be taken off whenever direct
taxes are repealed and less revenue is desired.
The war duties on tea, sugar, coffee, and salt
were never intended to be more than tempo-
rary.
These articles, to be sure, can be more cer-
tainly relied on for a stable revenue than any
others, but they are consumed by the poor
almost as much as by the rich ; and a repub-
lican country cannot afford to tax exclusively,
or even largely, that class of articles, as is and
may be done in Great Britain. An aristocracy
will, of coarse, make all classes below thein, if
they can, contribute as much per capita as they
do for the support of Government. Republicans,
however, must charge the highest duties upou
such articles as are consumed by persons of
wealth and fashion. Tea, coffee, and sugar
are not luxuries to the American people unless
taxed so as to make them so, and if war has
made taxes a necessity, as fast as that neces-
sity diminishes just in the same ratio ought the
duties to be diminished.
Tea and coffee will not be grown for the pres-
ent, if ever, in the United States, and duties on
such articles can have no other object than
revenue. Sugar can be had both from the cane
and sugar beet. That it ought to be grown to
the full extent of all our wants, greater per
capita than those of any other country, will
not be denied. France at first protected the
manufacture of beet-sugar until at last its suc-
cess was so great that the cane sugar of her
colonies had to be protected by the imposition
of an internal tax upon home-made beet-sugar.
Some of our people formerly objected to eat-
ing slave-grown sugar, and yet protection was
demanded and conceded even to slave-grown
sugar. Shall we now refuse it when grown by
