18*70.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
393
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Fifteenth Amendment—Mr. Conner.
Ho. op Reps.
t,ween races, its whole scope and force being
to prevent injustice, whether to white or black,
and to destroy antagonism. It does not ele-
vate one race above another; it gives no exclu-
sive privileges, but in obedience to the Consti-
tution it secures equality under the Constitution
to all. There is contained in it no deprivation
of any man's rights, nor any infringement of
his liberties, nor encroachment upon his priv-
ileges. It is a practical declaration of the
principles upon which our Government was
founded, some of which have been lying too
long in abeyance or overridden by State laws.
No infraction of State rights can be found in
it; but it is intended to enforce a provision of
the Constitution, that fundamental law which
overrides State enactments and is the supreme
law of the land. In its operation it aims not
at the innocent, but only at the guilty; it will
prevent no qualified voter from exercising his
inestimable prerogative, but is intended to
shield all, black and white, rich and poor,
iiom the mischievous and wicked efforts of bad
men, desiring to prevent them from the enjoy-
ment of that ballot which is alike the sword
and shield of ev®ry citizen. It is in fact but a
reiteration of the fifteenth amendment, followed
up by the means of its enforcement.
A law so well calculated to secure equal priv-
ileges to all people should certainly receive no
opposition at the hands ofthe Democratic party,
whose ancient boast was that it was formed to
secure equal rights to all. That party has, how-
ever, fallen from its high estate. By its southern
wing endeavoring to destroy the Union, and its
northern wing sympathizing with the effort, it
has lost its supremacy in 'the Government, but
hopes to regain it by interference with free
elections and preventing the negro from enjoy-
ing his right to vote. Hence the disturbances
at southern elections which have been so often
shown in the contested-election cases that have
been before the House this session, and hence
die wicked operations of the Kuklux Klans and
tiie murder of unoffending citizens endeavoring
to exercise the rights guarantied to them by
the fifteenth amendment.
This act strikes at all such iniquities. It
takes away no man's prerogatives, but secures
to every one, without regard to race, color, or
previous condition of servitude, his constitu-
tional privileges. Certainly no one whowishes
to see the Constitution carried out in its fall
intent and meaning should refuse to support
this bill, for where there are rights conferred
there ought to be means to secure their enjoy-
ment, and penalties to punish their violation.
The negro race, downtrodden and long held
in chattel slavery, has at last been placed by
the fifteenth amendment on the same platform
with other citizens, and this law is only in-
tended to secure his just and constitutional
position thereon. Every one who may be actu-
ated by sentiments of justice and humanity
should rejoice at the destruction of the great
oppression under which that race groaned for
two and a half centuries, and should hail with
joy, as every true Republican docs, the advent
of that hour which secures to every individual
in the land, of whatever race or color, the "in-
alienable rights'' which were declared to be
"self-evident truths" by the great Declara-
tion. I shall vote for the bill.
Fifteenth imendincsit.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN C. CONNER,
OF TEXAS,
In the House of Representatives,
May 27, 1870,
On the bill (H. It. No. 1293) to enfoico the right of
' citizens of the United States to vote in the several
States of this Union, and for other purposes.
Mr. CONNER. Mr. Speaker, while 1 am
thoroughly conscious of the fact that whatever
I may say will have little to do in staying the
tide of fanaticism that seems to characterize
this House, or change in the slightest degree
the determination of the Republican party
to exhaust every means that legislation can
afford to perpetuate their power, yet I cannot
permit this bill to become a law without first
placing upon record my solemn protest, in the
name of the people of the South, for whose
special benefit it is intended.
Since the commencement of the present ses-
sion of Congress much has been said by the
misrepresentatives of that section, both in and
out of Congress, that demands criticism at my
hands, and it is to those statements that I shall
particularly address myself.
I hear from scores of partisan lips, and read
from scores of partisan papers, appeals to the
people of the North to adopt more stringent
measures toward the people of the South.
They cry for protection of life and property
and the freedom of speech ; and among all the
States of that unhappy and unfortunate sec-
tion there is none against which the denuncia-
tions are more bitter than against Texas ; and
throughout that vast Commonwealth the district
which I have the honor to represent is said by
those self-constituted slanderers and accusers
to be the most lawless. But, sir, their statements
are general. They say that many lives have
been sacrificed in that section ; but in no sin-
gle instance, either upon this floor or else-
where, have I heard of a particular case being
referred to. Let them specify their cases of
political persecution, and so far as my district
is concerned 1 am here to meet the charge.
I call upon my Republican colleagues to cite
me to a single instance where any man for the
past twelve months has been subjected to the
slightest molestation, by intimidation or other-
wise, on account of his political views in the
State of Texas. I know of but one circum-
stance of the kind, that of my own case. I
was arrested while making the canvass for a
seat upon this floor, and not only prevented
from speaking, but actually thrown into prison
for expressions used in debate; but I have yet
to learn that my arrest is charged to the account
of the Kuklux. In this connection I wish to
say, and I do it conscientiously, under the self-
imposed solemnity of an oath, that during a
three years' sojourn in Texas since the close
of the war, in which I have visited nearly every
portion of the State, mingling freely with the
people, and the old original confederate ele-
ment at that, I have my first masked man to
see and my first disturbance to witness.
I have read with pain and mortification the
accounts in the northern papers of lawlessness
and crime in Texas. There are those who
would teach the northern people to believe that
we are an alien and a savage race, thirsting for
the blood of all political opponents. Great
God 1 have reason, truth, and justice ceased to
find a resting-place in the minds and hearts of
the American people?
For two long years, without officers, without
courts, and despite the fomenters of political
discord and social strife, and in the face of a
despotism that would have made Nero blush,
have the Texas people enforced order, vindi-
cated law, and preserved the peace. The only
real sufferers are the best citizens of the State.
The country cannot know, and this House never
will know, the taunts and jeers that those citi-
zens have received at the hands of those infa-
mous spies, operating in the interest of the des-
potism that has so long controlled and cursed
the State. I know that murders have been
committed in Texas, and in many instances
the perpetrators of the crime have escaped
arrest. Few of the murderers were citizens of
the State ; on the contrary, they were generally
itinerantvagabonds,fugitivcsfrom justice, who
had been driven from the older States by the
avenging officers of the law, and who sought
and obtained refuge under and protection by
the absolute tyranny of military rule. I know
of men standing charged with high crimes in
the older States who were, when I left Texas,
in favor with the authorities there.
I will particularize one case. An infamous
and depraved wretch, an escaped convict of
the Georgia penitentiary, a notorious adulterer
and known murderer in Texas, who stands
charged to-day in the civil courts of that State
with the last and greatest crime, was when I
left supported by that merciful dispenser of
human justice, the military power of the State.
But, sir, that was not all. It did not stop with
his being turned loose upon community, but,
with hands dripping with the blood of a citizen
of Texas, whom he had most cruelly, most
cowardly, and most maliciously murdered, to
say nothing of his open and notorious adultery
or his former career in the Georgia peniten-
tiary—this cool, calculating, and villainous
murderer was forced upon a quiet, peaceful,
and industrious community, amid the very
scenes of his outrages, as an officer of the law,
by the stern decree of a military order. I could
mention numerous instances of this kind that
have fallen under my immediate observation.
I regard it useless, and shall not detain the
House with their recital. I might say, how-
ever, that the murder referred to, with the
neglect or failure to punish the same, was
credited to the account of lawlessness and
crime, and charged to the people ol' Texas.
A distinguished citizen of Texas, in the course
of a carefully prepared speech delivered a few
days since, says:
"Not loss than ten thousand loyal hearts have
ceased to beat since the surrender of Lee's army
within the limits of the lato confederacy simply
because they Jrreio tiuo to tho Government."
Many men have been killed in the South
since the close of the war, and many have been
killed in Texas; but when the distinguished
gentleman places tho number at ten thousand
he assumes, in my judgment, what the facts do
not warrant; and when lie claims that these
men were the victims of political persecution
he asserts what I know, so far as the State of
Texas is concerned, to be unsupported by evi-
dence. If the truth could be known, (would to
God Congress would provide some means by
which an official statement could be had 1) you
would find among tho victims of assassination
in Texas since the close of the war ten men
who had gone with the confederacy to one who
had remained true to the Union.
Recent dispatches give an account of the
massacre by the Indians on the frontier of my
distfict of forty families, numbering in the
aggregate two hundred souls. Since Congress
began this debate hundreds of American citi-
zens have been murdered by the savages on
the frontiers of Texas, a million of property
destroyed, women and children carried into
captivity, and it is all charged to the account
of politics and used as an argument against
the Texas people by one of her honored citi-
zens. A mail never reaches me from the
frontier of my district that does not bring
the sad intelligence of some Indian outrage.
Previous to the war our frontier was rapidly
extending, and the visit of the Comanche was
of rare occurrence. Then the Army was em-
ployed for the purposes of frontier defense.
Since the war the advanced settlements have
been gradually driven back. Slowly but surely
have those brave and manly sons of toil been
compelled to abandon their homes and their
habitations. Every light of the moou that
frontier is visited by roving bands of thieving,
murderous savages. You may travel for hun-
dreds of miles upon that frontier without en-
countering a single soldier. Why is it so ?
What excuse can wo offer to tho country for
this? It cannot bo on account of an insuffi-
ciency of our military force ; for before the
