1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2351
be paid to Abednego B. Rowden, late second
lientenant eleventh Tennessee cavalry, the pay
of a second lieutenant from August 31, 1803,
to December 5, 18G4, deducting such sum as
may have been paid him for any lower grade
of military service for that period; lie having
performed the service after promotion to a
proper vacancy, was commissioned, captured
in the line of duty, and imprisoned, for which
reason he failed to be mustered in.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, de-
manded the previous question.
The previous question was secouded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of'Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion t.o
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORT.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, also,
from the same committee, reported adversely
on the following bill and petition; and the same
were laid on the table :
Bill (H. R. No. 822) for the relief of Phile-
mon B. Embrick; and
Petition of the Washington and Alexandria
Turnpike Company, asking to be allowed com-
pensation for the use and occupation of their
road by the United States during the rebellion.
SIRS. MARGARET P. ROBINSON'.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, also,
from the same committee, reported a joint res-
olution (H. R. No. 221) for the relief of Mrs.
Margaret P. Robinson, of Kentucky; which
was read a first and second time.
The question was on ordering the joint res-
olution to bo engrossed and read a third time.
The joint resolution, which was read, directs
the Quartermaster General to pay Mrs. Mar-
garet P. Robinson, widow of Richard P. Rob-
inson, in her own right, and in full satisfaction
of all claims for the use of real and personal
property on the premises known as Camp Dick
Robinson, in Garrard county, Kentucky, for
military purposes by the military authority of
the United States, §5,878 80, for the sole use
and benefit of Margaret P. Robinson, out of
the public money of the quartermaster's depart-
ment of the United States.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. "WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the joint res-
olution was passed; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the same committee, reported adversely on the
following cases, and the same were laid on the
table:
The petition and accompanying papers of
George W. Huntsman, of Tennessee, for relief;
and
The petition of Warfiold & Co., of Lexing-
ton, Kentucky, for payment of $955, the pro-
ceeds of whisky seized by the Government,
which they had purchased on certificate of the
assessor and collector of the district.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the same committee,
reported adversely on the following cases, and
the same were laid on the table:
The memorial for the relief of Lewis Deems,
drafted and detained in the service of the
United States after having furnished a sub-
stitute ; and
The claim of David D. Negley.
JAMES ROCK.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the same committee,
reported a bill (II. R. No. 1665) for the relief
of James Rock, of Saginaw, in the State of
Michigan ; which was read a first and second
time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill appropriates for the payment of the
traveling expenses of James Rock, late cor-
poral company C, seventh regiment Michigan
cavalry, from Salt Lake City, in the Territory
of Utah, where he was mustered out of the
service on the 80th of November, 1865, to the
place ofhis enrollment, a sum sufficient to allow
him $325, deducting therefrom the amount
paid to him, if any, for commutation of travel,
pay, and subsistence by the Government when
thus mustered out, the account to be settled
and paid under the direction of the Secretary
of War.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereofthebill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MAItY ANN STONEFIELD.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the same committee,
reported back, with the recommendation that
it do pass, the bill (EI. R. No. 1029) for the
relief of Mary Ann Stonefield, widow of Ben-
jamin Stonefield, deceased.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, to Mary Ann Stone-
field, widow of Benjamin Stonefield, deceased,
the sum of $800.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading; and being engrossed, itwas
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr, HOLMAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LAND MAPS.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the same committee,
reported the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House pay to John
Wilson, out of the contingent fund of the House, in
fall satisfaction for his services in superintending
and preparing the maps of the public land Sta' es
ordered by resolution of the House of May 4.1818.
, the sum ot 43,600, the said John Wilson bavins been
| employed in said duty from 4th of May, 1848, to 1-lth
of January, 1S52.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask for the reading of
the report which accompanies the resolution.
Mr. WOOD. I make the point of order
that the resolution makes an appropriation and
must have its first consideration in Committee
of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. This is a House resolution
directing a payment out of the contingent fund.
It is not an appropriation bill.
Mr. WTOOD* Is it not an appropriation of
this amount?
The SPEAKER. It merely proposes to pay
money already appropriated.
The report was read. It states that the Com-
mittee of Claims had referred totliem the claim
of John Wilson, jr., for superintending, aiding,
and directing tie preparation of maps of the
public land States, ordered by the following
resolution of the House of Representatives of
May 4, 1848:
" Resolved, That there beprepared by procurement
of the Clerk for the use of the House and the Commit-
tee thereof on the Public Lands a map of the public
lands in each State, showing the state of the surveys,
and also what has been sold; and that the same be
prepared under the supervision of the Commissioner
of the General Land Office; and that the said, maps
be revised and extended after each session of Con-
Tlie committee report that they have care-
fully considered the claim of Mi'. :Wilson, and
find that under the authority conferred by the
foregoing resolution the Olerk of the House
of Representatives employed "the claimant,
then a principal clerk in the General Land
Office at Washington, to superintend the execu-
tion of the land maps for the Committee on the
Public Lands of the House of Representatives;
that he performed that service faithfully and
satisfactorily from May 4,1848, to January 14,
1852, while he discharged with acceptability
his duties as clerk in the Land Office, for which
he was regularly paid his salary at the rate of
$1,800 per annum.
The report further states that the claimant _
seems to have been employed on this duty '
because, from his experience in the Land Office,
he was the most competent person to superin-
tend the work and to instruct others in the busi-
ness, and to insure accuracy in the records and
maps of the Land Committee, and not as a favor
merely to the claimant; that after three years
and eight months he was voluntarily relieved
from the duty, and the person on whom it was
then devolved was paid at the rate of $1,800
per annum, which was afterward increased to
a larger sum, while the most important and
laborious part of the work had been executed
by the claimant.
The report further states that for the services
thus rendered the claimant has received no
compensation, the accounting officers of the
Government properly holding that under sec-
tion two of an act approved August 23, 1842,
and section twenty-five of an act approved
August 2G, 1842, no person in any branch of
the public service whose pay is fixed by law
or regulations can receive any additional pay
in any form whatever for any other service or
duty whatever, unless the same and the appro-
priation therefor be explicitly set forth that it
is for such additional pay or extra allowance;
that while this service was provided for, there
was no explicit appropriation of money in favor
of the claimant.
The committee agree, however, that the
claimant ought to be paid for the service, and
recommend the passage of the accompanying
resolution for that purpose.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask to have read a letter
from a late Commissioner of the General Land
Office.
Mr. DAWES. It does seem to me that the
I gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holmak] has
j lost sight of the particular use for which the
; contingent fund of this House is appropriated,
if he proposes to pay out of it a claim that is
eighteen or twenty years old. This claim, if
worthy of payment at all, should be paid out of
the Treasury of the United States, and not paid
out of the contingent fund of this House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I see the point which the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
makes, but I ask that this letter be read, and
then I will state to the House the ground upon
which this resolution is based.
The Clerk read as follows:
Washington City, April 5,1860.
To the honorable the Committee of Claims of the Ifouse
of Representatives, United States : .
I certify that while John Wilson was engaged ui
superintending and directing tlie preparation ot tn.e
II maps of the land States, ordered by resolution of too
:i House of Representatives of the 4th ot Mas, 184S.
|i li« devoted to that service, according to the best ot
;i my recollection, full as much if not more time th, 
! that ordinarily given to office busmess. In my pre-
vious statement on this subject I said tl!ia™
I] nf this service he was compelled to attend to
|i ins own official duties chiefly after oflice hours; and
i I know Ml well that those duties were exceedingly
II onerous, requiring at least six hours per day to dis-
