1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4239
bill extending the banking system through the
South and West, to the extent of from seventy-
five to ninety million dollars, under the general
provisions of the banking law, and providing
thai the bonds deposited as the basis of the
circulation shall be those already in existence
or hereafter to bo issued by the Government.
I believe such a measure would stimulate every
industry, and that with such a measure carried
out, some of the banks east of the Hudson
might, be willing to surrender either their char-
ters or their currency. It would accomplish
at any rate an equalization of banking facilities
■without a sudden or violent disturbance. It
could injure no section of the country; it would
benefit all its parts and people.
Sir, look at the present condition of Cal-
ifornia. I hold her up as an illustration of
the point I am making, that an adequate vol-
ume of currency is essential to the employ-
ment of the people and the development of
the country. With all the resources of that
region, the like of which is not to be found
upon the face of the earth, her working people,
to the number of thousands, are idle. They
congregate in the streets of San Francisco and
other cities in want and idleness. Why? Not
because there are not adequate and profitable
fields for their employment, but because there
is not currency enough in California, which
rejects paper money, to enable men of enter-
prise to engage in new undertakings. Using
nothing but gold as a currency, they restrain
in equal degree their enterprise and the devel-
opment of the resources of their State. As
well might gentlemen maintain that no more
than a fixed number of pound weights or yard-
sticks should be used as that no more than a
fixed number of dollars should be permitted
to exist. Each of them is but a convenient,
instrument of trade, for the want of an ade-
quate supply of which the public must suffer.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KERB obtainedthefloor, and yielded to
Mr. BINGHAM, who said: I desire at the
proper time to move an amendment striking
out the last clause of the second section and
all the remainderofthe bill except the eleventh
section. The effect of the measure will then
be to authorize an increase of the currency to
the extent of $50,000,000, to be distributed
among the States that have not their full pro-
portion.
Mr. IIALDEMAN. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me for a moment.
Mr. KERR. I yield to the gentleman with
pleasure.
Mr. IIALDEMAN. Mr. Speaker, Ihaveno
disposition to discuss either the principles of
the funding bill or the principles of the bill now
pending; but I wish to give one main reason
which shall govern my vote in reference to this
measure, and that is, that this measure, as it
appears to me, is tinkering with the great ques-
tions of finance involved in banking and cur-
rency, as the other measure to which I have
referred tinkered with internal and extends!
taxes. I shouldhavebeen pleased to have voted
for placing on the free list tea, coffee, sugar, salt,
and other necessaries of life, but was governed
by ihegeneral principle I state as the reason why
I cannot support this immature, incongruous,
and ill-considered measure. If I had my way
I should much prefer that this House should
not only authorize the Committee on Banking
and Currency and the Committee ot Ways and
Means, but absolutely require them to sit dur-
intr the recess of Congress, and on the first day
of the next session of Congress present a gen-
eral, comprehensive, mature plan of nuance
for this country. ,
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, I am opposedto
the bill as reported by the Committee on Bank-
ing and Currency. I will state: very briefly,
and without full argument, why I am opposed
to it. ....
In the first place, the bill is in no just sense
a compliance with the order of the House,
think it is, on the contrary, an evasion of that
order. The resolution referred by the House
to the committee contained an imperative order
to perform a specific duty. That resolution
reads as follows:
" Februaky 21,1870.
" lUsolved, That in the opinion of the House the
business interests of the country require an increase
in the volume of the circulating enrronoy, and the
Committee on Banking and Currency are instructed
to report to the House at as early a day as practica-
ble a bill increasing the currency to the amount of
-at least $30,000,000."
This order is clear and definite in terms, and
in myjudgment means an increase of $50,000,-
000 in the greenback currency of the country,
not in national bank currency. This bill con-
tains no well-defined or definite proposition.
It looks all ways, i§,an attempt to trap some,
to satisfy others, airid to mystify all, and in the
latter purpose it is delightfully successful.
The committee complain that the order of the
House is intrinsically hard to execute, and that,
in view of the opposition of the Senate to it
they are placed between Scyllaon the one side
and Charybdis on the other. I think not. The
duty of the House is to act upon the judgment
of the House, not of the Senate, and execute
the just and reasonable demands of the people.
This bill does not discharge that duty. Itdoes
not propose even to advise the Senate what the
people want. It amounts to an abdication,
pro taato, by the House of its independence and
its equal functions. To this I object. In this
view the bill should be rejected by the House,
as well as for its other defects and purposes.
But waiving objections to the bill on that
ground, I am further opposed to it, mainly
-because it offers no relief to the country. It
offers no relief to the financial condition. It
will accomplish nothing butthe disturbance and
unsettling ofexisting conditions, withoutafford-
ing any improvement or relief. It is utterly
delusive as a measure of relief. It offers no
better currency than we have. The best credit
currency we now have is thegreenback; butthis
bill reduces the amount of that by $40,000,000.
It offers the expansion of the worst currency we
have, the national bank paper. To that it would
add $95,000,000. It were better to pass no law
than this bill. Disturbance, without manifest
improvement in financial policy, is always un-
wise and injurious. No great interest in any
country is so sensitive to legislative interfer-
ence or tampering as its currency; none so
imperatively demands or so much profits by
non-interference and absolute settledness.
This bill is also subject to the grave objection
that it proposes to add directly and most effect-
ively to the power of the system of national
banks in this country. That brotherhood of
corporations is now the most stupendous and
powerful on the earth. Tfc has never had an
equal in pervading financial influence and power
in any country. In the extent and certainty of
its gains and dividends no pursuit of man,
involving equal capital, affords a parallel. In
direct and dangerous connection y/ith the prac-
tical conduct, policy, and administration of the
Government, it is equally without an example
in the past or present.
Such a system, such a fearful agency for
monetary and political control, is dangerous
in the extreme in any country, but supremely
so in a republic. It endangers the most vital
interests and prosperity of the people. I have
no prejudices against the owners of these
banks. They are seeking, under the machin-
ery supplied to them by the Government, to
promote their individual interests and welfare.
In doing this, unquestionably they do confer
great advantages in some ways upon the people.
But all these would be better enjoyed and more
beneficial under a system of banking _ which
should have no possible connection with the
business of currency-making. In this important
respect there should be an immediate and eter-
nal divorce between the banks and the Govern-
ment. Let them bank as much as they please,
but only upon their own honest means, not on
money made for them by the Government at
the expense of the people. The Government
has ift right to espouse the cause or make, itself
the ally of one class of property owners or
people against another, of the few against the.
many, or of aggregated wealth possessed by
great corporations against individual wealth,
or the people who have no wealth.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If the gentleman will
allow me, I should like to ask him a question,
that I may understand exactly what he means.
I would ask the gentleman whether he is in
favor of a national bank system in any form?
Mr. KERR. No, sir. Another of my objec-
tions to this system is that if it goes into effect
this $05,000,000 may be used to create nine
hundred and fifty additional national banks,
with each a capital of $100,000; or four hun-
red and seventy-five additional banks, with
each a capital of $200,000; or three hundred
and eighty additional national banks, having
each a capital of $250,000. The average cir-
culation allowed to banks that might be author-
ized under this bill would render the ulti-
mate increase in number at least five hundred.
We have to-day in this country sixteen hun-
dred and seventeen national banks. _ If you
add these five hundred more you will have
twenty-one hundred and seventeen of these
banks. The present power of this system of
national banks, when you consider its con-
solidated capital of $440,000,000, and its
already distributed net earnings of more than
ten per cent, in annual dividends, and its un-
distributed profits and surplus funds of more
than $130,000,000 besides, may be only imper-
fectly appreciated. Let these vast additions
be made to the number of banks and you will
create a power in this country that will defy
Congress and any other power which the people
can organize against it; a power that may exert
a most pernicious influence against the pros-
perity of the country, and may imperil the hap-
piness and liberty of the people. _ You will
make a system that will be able by its terrible
power, at some day in the future, to strangle
unto death republican government itself, and
subject the people and their industries and
liberties to the domination of capital and cor-
porations-
I object to this system also because it will
lead to a contraction of the currency. The
country now demands an increase ot the cur-
rency. If the system should be changed at all
it should be by an increase of the currency, and
not by contractions. This bill, if it goes into
effect, will increase the currency $95,000,000.
It will retire $45,000,000 of three per cent,
certificates and $40,000,000 of greenbacks,
making $85,000,000 ; and it will operate also
in its practical working to retire $19,000,000
in the increased amount of reserves required
by the national bank law, making an aggregate
contraction of $104,000,000. Ninety-five mil-
lion dollars will be added to the national bank
currency of the country, leaving a net contrac-
tion of at least $9,000,000.
I insist, in addition to these figures, that m
its practical working this law, it- it be enacted, ,
will result in greater contraction of the currency
than is proposed by the bill in terms, and I
will state why X believe so. The aggregate cur-
rency may be said to-day to be $700,000,000.
Of that $700,000,000,1 am informed, over two
hundred and twenty-five million dollars have
been locked up as reserves in these national
banks and retired from the uses of the people.
This amount is practically out of existence.
It constitutes no part of the actual circulating
medium of the country. About two hundred
and twenty-five million dollars of this currency
is thus locked up. About one hundred arK
sixty-five million dollars is by the national banic
law required to be retired as reserve.
Mr. Speaker, I hold in my hand an official
table from the Treasury showing that dtuing
the last fiscal year the average reserve:f eq uire<i
to be kept by the banks m their vaults was
$168,298,870, and that the average ot actual
reserves always kept in their vaults was ^.2A.,
