1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5183
There is, however, an allegation that a large
number of persons who were only temporary
inhabitants of the district—persons engaged as
hands on the railroad, aud who had no right to
vote—voted for the sitting member. The num-
ber of these persons cannot exceed one hundred
and ninety. The committee do not come to the
conclusion that there are that number whose
votes ought to be excluded ; but we give the
contestant the benefit, as we understand, of all
that he can possibly claim under the testimony
in regard to this class of persons. There are
only 190 of these votes, and they of course do
not change the result. There can be no change
of the result of the election, as declared by the
canvassers iu this ease, except by throwing out
entire precincts. It will not be claimed that
there are enough illegal voles proved in the
record to change the result. It can be changed,
as I have said, only by throwing out entire pre-
cincts. It is claimed that entire precincts
should be thrown out on the ground that elec-
tion officers have acted without being duly qual-
ified. I have already discussed that question.
It is claimed also that some two or three
of the precincts should be thrown out on the
ground of intimidation or fraud. The only pre-
cinct in which anything like a case of intim-
idation is made out is the precinct of Glades,
Pulaski county. That precinct is thrown out
because the poll-book is not certified; and
hence it does not become necessary to inquire
whether there was sufficient intimidation and
fraud to justify throwing out the precinct on
that ground. I state here, without fear of
successful contradiction, that the testimony in
regard to every other precinct wholly fails to
make out a case of intimidation or fraud suf-
ficient to warrant the House iu throwing out
the entire vote of the precinct. The rule on
this subject, as every gentleman is aware, is
that where it is possible to purge the vote of
a precinct by throwing out the illegal votes
and counting the legal votes it is the duty
of the House to do that. In cases arising in
Kentucky it is almost alwayspossible to purge
the vote, for the reason that the voting under
the laws of that State is viva voce. Every
man's vole is recorded, and the candidate for
whom he voted is recorded ; so that wherever
an illegal vote is proved it may be shown for
whom the party voted, and the vote may be
rejected.
[Mere the hammer fell.]
Mr. MAYNAHD. Mr. Speaker, while the
inquiries in cases of this kind are frequently
tedious and generally uninteresting, we cannot
conceal from ourselves the fact that they are
of the very first importance. In this House, on
this floor, more is done to preserve the purity
of the ballot-box and the integrity of the
elective franchise throughout the country than
everywhere else. For this reason we find, look-
ing back through the history of the House, that
some of the very ablest men who have ever
held seats here have been members of the
Committee of Elections. Tn this number are
embraced gentlemen who have filled the high
office of President of the United States, gen-
tlemen who have served as Vice President, who
have acted as Cabinet ministers, who have
served as Senators® These and other men of
the highest character known in our history
have not disdained to investigate questions
growing out of contested elections, to examine
them patiently and painfully, and to leave upon
the record the result of their deliberations.
In such a spirit I approach the inquiry into
this case, which I cannot disguise from myself
is a case of the very first importance not only
to the minority of the people of the State of
Kentucky, but to the American people every-
where who seek to carry out their wishes
through the medium of the ballot-box.
The contestant in this case claims that he
was properly and legally elected a Represent-
ative from the eighth congressional district of
Kentucky at the election in November, 1868.
The returns, as they are given, show a nominal
vote of 10,323 for Mr. Adams, the sitting mem-
ber, and for Colonel Barnes, contestant, 9,861,
giving an apparent majority of 462 for the sit-
ting member. The contestant challenges this
majority ; he. challenges the validity of the
election that was held at various precincts of
that congressional district. He has given no-
tice, and much proof has been taken, filling a
volume of some eight or nine hundred pages,
which, of course, it will be impossible for us to
investigate or to examine beyond an inquiry
into some leading and controlling principles.
The elections in Kentucky are held, as has
been stated, viva voce. They are held under a
series of laws that are well known in that State
and generally understood, and that deserve to
be understood by the House in order to decide
the question we now have submitted to us.
The persons who are appointed to hold the
elections are the sheriff, a clerk, t.wo judges,
and members of the board for examining the
ballot-boxes and making the returns. In order
that the election should be fair and men should
have an opportunity to go to the ballot box
and vote their sentiments unawed, unintim-
ldated, the Legislature of Kentucky provided
that each political party, so long as there were
political parties in that State, should be repre-
sented in the board of officers holding the
elections. They enacted that as a fundamental,
imperative law. Then in the year 18S2, after
the war broke out and rebellion arose, they
made a further provision, to which I will again
invite the attention of the House before I pro-
ceed. Let me read:
"That in construing the net approved February 11,
1S5S, to which this i an amendment, those who have
engaged in the rebetiion for the overthrow of the
Government, or who have in any way aided, coun-
seled, or advised the separation ot Kentucky l'rom
the Federal Union by iorce of armt, or adhered to
those engaged in the effort to separate her from the
Federal Union Jay force of arms, shall not be deemed
one of the political parties in this Commonwealth
within the provisions of the act to which this is an
amendment."
That is to say, Mr. Speaker, that they were
not eligible as officers of election, such as
sheriffs, judges, or clerks. It means that,
exactly that, and nothing else.
Now, it is alleged, and not denied, that in
the election of 1868, which we are now inquir-
ing into, this law was in several of the pre-
cincts of the district disregarded ; that men
actually officiated one way or the other—what
way we may perhaps have occasion to inquire
as we go on—who were clearly not only un-
qualified to act under that statute of 1862, but
who were specially disqualified. I say this
construction of the law is not seriously con-
troverted. It is practically and substantially
admitted; but it is said in reply that notwith-
standing—and that is the ground taken by the
contestant—notwithstanding rebels red-handed
from the field of war officiated as officers of the
election, yet they are officers in fact, and their
acts are valid and cannot be inquired into in
this collateral proceeding. Let me remade,
before going any further, so far from this being
a collateral proceeding, it is a dircet inquiry.
We are investigating immediately and directly
the actions, the specific, identical, individual
acts which these gentlemen were selected to
perform, and which they undertook to per-
form.
The position assumed in the report and the
argument, 1 understand, is this : iu an election
held in Kentucky, no matter who the person is
who assumes to hold it, whether he is qualified
or not, whether he is positively and absolutely
disqualified ornot, whatever or whoever he may
be, wherever he may come from, yet he is to
be accepted as in fact the officer, and all his
acts are to be held valid and binding not only
upon the candidates themselves, but upon the
people. I must be permitted to say that a
proposition of this kind is very startling, and
if it be applied in some portions of the coun-
try the effect will he to sweep away every safe-
guard attempted to be thrown around the bal-
lot-box. The ballot-boxes will be seized and
held by men in defiance of the law. They will
be the judges to determine the qualifications
of your voters. They will make and certify
the returns. Then when they come here their
acts will have all the force of law given to them
which this report, in one instance, attempts to
give to such action. I will read from the
report, page 11:
"That there were illegal votes oast by some of these
persons wo think is beyond question, but the pre-
sumption is always in favor of the legality of a vote
which has been admitted by the proper officers."
According to the position of the committee,
whoever gets hold of the ballot-boxes and
receives the votes and determines the qualifica-
tions of voters, his acts are valid as a de facto
officer, and the presumption is the voters he
admits are qualified ; thus throwing upon the
other side the burden of proving the contrary.
I think, from this statement, that the House
will see that this proposition is fundamental,
that it is cardinal in its character, and will be,
if adopted, widespread in its results. To sup-
port it appeal has been made, not to the decis-
ions of any legislative body, not to the decisions
of this House, but to the decisions of courts,
applying—as it would seem from the very slight
syllabus of the cases which has been given us,
for I have not had the opportunity of exam-
ining the reported cases, aud they do not hap-
pen to be in the range of my professional
reading—not directly to election cases, but
incidentally, as where the inquiry made was
into the validity of a deed of conveyance made
by an officer not having the qualifications, per-
chance, of the office he holds, or not having
been properly elected.
But a question of this kind could not have
escaped the investigations of this House. It
did not. And I will invite the attention of
gentlemen to the decisions which have been
made by this body; decisions going back to the
very earliest periods. The first reported case
of a contested election in this House that seems
to have attracted any great attention or to have
called forth much discussion was a case from
Georgia, the case of James Jackson vs. Anthony
Wayne, (1 Contested Elections, page 47.) The
following was the decision in that case:
"The law of Georgia requires that three magistrates
should preside at elections; held that a return by
three persons, two of whom were not magistrates, was
defective."
This case underwent great discussion. Mr.
Madison, then a member of the House, par-
ticipated in the discussion, and this was the
result arrived at. I might refer in this con-
nection to the law of Kentucky requiring the
judges of election to be justices of the peace,
or that one at least should be a justice of the
peace. But that is hardly necessary.
That decision was in the year 1791. Another
case came up in the year 1807. it was the
case of McFarland vs. Culpepper, from North
Carolina, and is recorded in the same volume,
page 221. There the House held that—
" The neglect of the returning officers to be sworn
where the law requires them to act under oath will
vitiate ail returns made by them."
Again, there was a case from the State of
Missouri, Eastoti vs. Scott, in which it was
decided—this, mark you, being in the year
1816—
" That if an ^election is required by law to be held
by three judge's who are to be sworn, and it is held
by two not sworn, their proceedings aro irregular,
and the votes taken by them are to be rejected."
Again, in a case that came from Virginia—
Joseph Draper vs. Charles G. Johnston—the
language is this:
"That the neglect by the sheriff or other officer
conducting the election to take the oath required by
law vitiates the poll for the particular precinct or
county, and the whole votes of such precmct or
county are to be rojcotcd.
"That the legal presumption is that the oath re-
quired has been taken, every officer being presumed
to have done his duty, and that the onus is thrown
upon the party taking the objection to show the
neglect or omission; but as the law of Virginia
requires that the oath shall be duly returned by the
magistrate before whom it is taken, and filed in the
clerk's office, a certificate from the clerk that no such
