394
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 21,
Ho. o® Reps.
Fifteenth Amendment—Mr. Conner.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
war, with the same frontier, the Army with
half its present strength was enabled to afford
and did afford protection to the settlements.
No, sir; it cannot be attributed to an insuf-
ficient number of men upon the rolls, or be-
cause those men, if left to the discharge of the
duties that legitimately. belong to an army,
would be unequal to the task. But, sir, the
delinquency is to be found in the unwise and
unnatural distribution of those troops. I said
that you might travel for hundreds of miles
upon the frontier of my district without en-
countering a single soldier, and that ia true.
How different in the interior. In the most
densely populated portions of the district
troops are to be found in abundance. Every
city and large town is supplied with a garrison.
Bastiles at all important points, and military
commissions in full blast. Not content with
your partisan courts and illiterate negro juries,
you must erect your altars of sacrifice in the
form of a military commission—tribunals
unknown to the Constitution and at war with
the spirit and genius of our institutions, before
which American citizens are arraigned and
tried. I desired to call the attention of this
House to these facts, I do not believe that
they are generally understood. I do not be-
lieve that the American people are prepared
to indorse, much less sustain, a policy that
abandons a whole frontier to the mercy of the
savage Indians, and at the same time quarters
troops at all the principal towns and cities for
the purpose of enforcing an odious policy or
sustaining a mushroom party in power.
The distinguished citizen of Texas, in the
sauie speech, says very truly:
"The administration, nay, the systomatio evasion
of the law has become so much a i'arco throughout
the South that any assumption of an Mlusiou to tho
austcro majesty whioh onco characterized the halls
of justice only provokes derision."
In that he is undoubtedly correct. The
courts of Texas, with judges upon tho bench
who spell the Omnipotent with two d's and a
little g, sheriffs who can neither read nor write,
aud twelve gentlemen of color in the jury-box
fresh from the cotton-field, removed but one
generation from cannibalism, who do not and
cannot understand or appreciate the solemn
obligations of an oath; are indeed -(Veil calcu-
lated to provoke derision.
Again, the distinguished citizen says:
"In many aoctions of the country chiefs or cap-
tains of gangs aro, or were hut recently, freijucnl.ly
noon at tho head of ono or two hundred men, heavily
armed and disguised, and a strangoi would supyof-o
the forces permanent, military commands, or at Ioasf
commands on public duty; but though mounted and
their animals always in good condition they have no
commissariat, no quartermaster, nor lias a.ny one
known to have sold them cither provisions or prov-
ender, nor yet do they steal. No sign of encampment
ha£ ever been found on the lino of their march. The
communities in which they operate pretend not to
know who they are or whcnco they come. They speak
of them as desperate characters who have drifted in
from other States and who aro too strong for tho citi-
zens, who affect to stand in awe of theui. But really
they aro not strangers, oxecptwhen in disguise. They
rise up fully armed and equipped in tho very com-
munity wheretheehief proposes tooperato, and when
fhe work is dona tho force disbands and disappears.
Thecommunity absorbs them completely. J3aehmem-
borreturnstohis own homo, orifperohaneeastrangcr
be among them ho finds a seat at every table, a bed
in every house, and a horse ready saddled in every
stable to aid in his escape if pursued."
Mr. Speaker, it pains me to take.issue with
the honorable gentleman on a question of fact.
I am ever anxious to meet my political oppo-
nents with an exchange of views ; but I much
prefer, as a general rule, to suffer a misrepre-
sentation to pass thas to simply meet it with
a flat denial. But, sir, in this instance the
pleading cry, the solemn wail, the heart-rend-
ing prayer of a brave, a generous, aud a now
loyal people, who stand weeping but not trem-
bling over the grave where their liberties are
buried, is borne to me by every breeze that
comes up from that land of the oppressed that
I have learned to love so well, admonishing
me to speak for those who cannot speak for
themselves. I shall not say that the distin-
guished citizen has slandered a people from
whose honest labor and years of toil -he has
been enabled to reap a princely fortune. I
shall not say, as did a prominent Texas Repub-
lican in my presence recently, that the distin-
guished gentleman has gone crazy upon the
subject of lawlessness and crime. But I shall
call attention to a few facts that may in some
degree serve to explain the motives of the dis-
tinguished gentleman. At the late election in
Texas fifty-odd thousand Democratic voters
remained away from the polls. They did this
contrary to my advice, and are now reaping
the reward of their indifference.
Well does the gentleman know that at the
next general election those citizens, with an
auxiliary of twenty-five thousand who have
since been enfranchised, will march with un-
broken tread to the polls and by the force of
Democratic ballots drive him and all others
who misrepresent them into retirement. Hence
1 am constrained to believe that in his troubled
dreams, like those of the opium eater, he has
mistaken Democratic ballots for Springfield
rifles, and political deaths for tho sacrifice of
human lives. Be that as it may, I am certain
that the gentleman's most remarkable state-
ment will contain news for the Texas people.
I never met one of those warlike battalions of
masked men, and I call upon my Republican
colleagues to tell this House whether they ever
met them. During my visits North, particu-
larly upon the eve of a general election, I have
often heard of their existence, but I have the
first man yet to meet who ever saw them.
You, gentlemen from Maine, go ask Major
Carter and Colonel Whiting; you, gentlemen
from Pennsylvania, go ask Major Morrow and
Colonel Schwenk; you, gentlemen from Indi-
ana, go ask Colonel Johnson, Colonel Terrell,
and Colonel Stewart; you, gentlemen from
Khodo Island, go ask Major Curtis ; you, gen-
tlemen from New York, go ask Colonel Ellis
and Captain Van Antwerp; you, gentlemen
from Massachusetts, go ask Dr. Webster and
Major Whitemore; and you, gentlemen from
Ohio, ask General Mason and Captain Hood.
Go ask these officers of the Army, stationed
as they have been for the past two years in
Texas, and whoso politics, if they have any,
are in sympathy with tho majority upon this
lioor, whether tiieyever met those hostile regi-
ments. 1 know, sir, that desperate men have
appeared in Texas. We had our Bickerstaff,
our Lee, our Peacock, and our Baker, each
having six or eight associates. Who was it
that dispersed these bands? Who was it that
hunted down and killed these desperadoes?
The citizens of my district and the very
men whom the distinguished gentleman calls
rebels. 1 am finding no fault with the troops.
I think they did the best they could; but, sir,
with a singioexception, every one of these des-
peradoes fell by tiro hand of a citizen. Why
was it those lawless characters ever obtained
a foothold in Texas V It was because you filled
your civil offices with a worthless set of vaga-
bonds who wore unable to command the re-
spect of the people or the fear of the des-
perado.
Let me follow the distinguished gentleman.
Following the statement just quoted he says:
"The next business in order after a victim is dis-
patched is to bold a public meeting and pass indig-
nation resolutions, and to offer their services to the
authorities to lorret out and apprehend the perpe-
trators of the crime."
Could there be anything more unkind or
more morally degrading in an old Texan than
that? What have the people of Texas done
to merit such a rebuke at the hands of ono of
their honored citizens? One moment he curses
them for their alleged disregard of the law, and
in the very next breath he damns them for
their desire to enforce it. Too inconsistent
for a statesman and too indiscreet for a poli-
tician, his statements are not only inconsistent,
but his speech throughout breathes a spirit of
vindictive and malicious persecution that can-
not be misunderstood. The life of the distin-
guished gentleman is of itself a complete and
sufficient answer to his speech. A bold and
outspoken Union man, he has lived and re-
sided among the Texas people since his early
youth. He even remained there during the
war; his loyalty to the United States was never
questioned, and yet he lives. The hand of the
destroyer was never laid upon his vast estate
or the quietness of his slumbers broken. Since
the war he has been known throughout Texas
as a most violent Republican politician, and
during all that time he has been gradually
growing richer, while the chains which bind
the Texas people have been gradually growing
stronger.
Some leading gentlemen seem to be hard to
please. A prominent citizen of Indiana in a
late speech complains bitterly of the rebels of
Texas for not voting at the late election. He
says:
" I will stato what I believe to betheeondition of
Texas. Owing to tho fact that Congress required
that before she should come in she should ratiiy tho
fifteenth amendment, both parties in Texas were
compelled t.o place themselves on that basis. The
result was that the rebels in great part took no part
in that election. They wanted Texas to eomo in,
and they were willing that tho Republicans should
carry tho election for that purpose; and it was a con-
test between two good Republicans for Governor."
And yet the speeches of both these leading
citizens were one melancholy burden of com-
plaint against the people of Georgia because
they did vote. Sir, there is no use of longer
disguising the fact. This unparalleled legisla-
tion, this desperate attempt to perpetuate a
party in power, is revolution; yea, it is treason
against republican institutions. Why trifle with
the country? Why insult the intelligence of
the people by a display of pretended patriotism
under the assumed name of loyalty? If it ii-
the establishment of negroes and "iron-clad "
white men in the State and municipal offices
of the South that you want, say so. If your
object is to provide for a sure return of Repub-
licans to this House from the States of the
South instruct the Secretary of War to appoint
them by special order, for their seats here are
so far removed from any suspicion of the pop-
ular will that they might quite as well be so
determined.
I return to the speech of the distinguished
citizen of Texas. Again, speaking of the mili-
tary governments of the South, he says:
"Now, nothing is better understood throughout
the country than that whatever powers may or may
no t have been conferred by tb e laws upon the respect-
ive military commanders of tho several districts their
governments wore in no proper sense military gov-
ernments. The generals, scarcely without an excep-
tion, left intact tiio rebel State governments which
they found on taking command, and allowed them
to remain in office during the process of reconstruc-
tion, giving to tbcState organizations full scope and
action in all matters civil and criminal, except in
legislation."
How he dares record such a statement is more
than 1' am able to conjecture. Those govern-
ments not military! What were they ? They
were not civil. What constitutes a military
government? In Texas, as the distinguished
gentleman well knows, every department of
the State was under the immediate control of
General Reynolds. The courts of justice, or
injustice as they should be styled, were sub-
servient to his will. Every judge (so called)
upon the bench was there as the instrument of
his favor. livery officerin the State, from the
most exalted to the most petty, from Governor
to constable, was appointed by his order. I do
not speak of this by way of complaint, but as a
simple matter of fact, that this House and the
country may know to what extent to credit the
views or respect the judgment of the distin-
