5184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
oath is filed will be sufficient, mima facie, (notice of
the obj ection being previously served upon the oppo-
site party,) to throw the burden of proof upon the
party claiming the vote."
This, remember, comes down to 1832, Still
later than that, in the second volume of Con-
tested Elections there is the case of Otero vs.
Gallegos, a case from the Territory of New
Mexico, in which I find this holding:
"If the judges of tho election at the Mesilla pre-
cinct had taken the requisite oath, the fact could
have been proved by the judges themselves. The
neglect to prove this on the part of the sitting Dele-
gate strengthens the supposition that they were not
sworn. Ihe action of the probate judgewaspublic:
and the legality of the election at that precinct was
openly impeached by W. 0. Jones under the seven-
teenth section of the territorial law; and the neglect
of the judges of election to be sworn is especially
referred to in the notice. Your committee are not
satisfied that the judges were sworn, and they refer
the House to tho uniform rule as heretofore acted
upon by the House."
And then they proceed to recite the cases
I have already referred to, and declare the
decisions there given to be the law for this
case, and so the House decided. There is
another case to which I wish to call attention,
Bennett vs. Chapman, from the Territory of
Nebraska. There was a majority report from
the Committee of Elections in that case, to tho
effect that the contestant was entitled to his
seat. A minority report was submitted to the
House; and the House, as we read in the
report of the ease—
"After a briof debate, confincd strictly to the
points stated in the report, decided that Mr. Chap-
man, tho sitting Delegate, was entitled, to his seat—
09 to 63."
Thus sustaining the minority report.
I suppose it will not detract at all from the
merits ot this report in the estimation of our
friends on the opposite side that it was made
by Mr. Alexander H. Stephens, who was then
in the House, and a member of the Commit-
tee of Elections. This decision was made in
the year 1856. Let me ask the attention of
the House to the report:
"Persons assumed to act as judges of election and
clerks were appointed without the requirements of
law. This is <iuito sufficient of itself, according to
well-settled principles, repeatedly established in this
House, for the rejection of tho entire poll at Archer.
In the case of James Jackson vs. Anthony Wayne,
of Georgia, first session of tho Second Congress, it
was decided by the House," &e.
Pie then goes on to state the case and the
principles involved, and adds :
" In the case now under consideration the law re-
quired three judges of election to be appointed by
tho county piobate judges. But tho persons who
undertook to act as such at tho Archer precinct had
no such authority, and tho votes received by them
cannot be regarded in any other light than votes re-
ceived by any other irregular body of men unknown
to tho law, acting voluntarily without any legal au-
thority. In the case of Easton, contesting the seat
of Scott, the Delegate from the Missouri Territory at
the second session of the Fourteenth Congress, it was
decided by this House that wliero an election is re-
quired by law to be held by three judges who are to
be sworn, and it is held by two not sworn, their pro-
ceedings are illegal, and tho votes taken by them are
to bo rejected. These principles the undersigned
holds to be sound and correct."
And so the House decided. Here is another
point in the report to which I desire to call
attention:
"The contestant in this case, in a paper filed with
the committee, says that' tho right of suffrage under
our form of government is a groat, sacred, and par-
amount right, and nut to bo lost by tho errors, omis-
sions, or neglect of subordinate officials.' Tho un-
dersigned cannot agree with tho contestant in the
extent to which he asserts the doctrine in this prop-
osition. I he right of suffrage, great and inestimable
as it may be, is nevertheless a right regulated and
qualified by law; indeed, it can only bo properly
exercised in conformity to the requirements of law.
Without these it would soon cease to be valuable."
That was in the Thirty-Fifth Congress. In
the Thirty-Sixth Congress the case of Blair vs.
Barrett, from the St. Louis district of Missouri,
came up, and there the case of Joseph Draper
vs. Charles C. Johnson, to which I have already
referred, was cited as authority by Mr. Dawes,
who made the report from the Committee of
Elections.
Again, during the same session, there was
the - case of Howard vs. Cooper, from the
Detroit district of Michigan, in which it was
held that—
"Where the law or the custom fixed the election
at a certain place, and it was hold at another, two
miles distant, the committee rejected the vote.
"The law requiring that the board of inspectors
shall consist of three persons, and but two officiated,
tho vote was rejected."
I beg the House to bear in mind that here
is an unbroken line of decisions, beginning in
the year 1791, and sustained by the great name
of Mr. Madison, and continued down until the
last Congress, in the case of Delano vs. Mor-
gan, where the same principle was held pre-
cisely that has governed this House in the
decision of these cases; that is to say, that
where the_ judges and other men appointed to
hold elections at a given precinct are not qual-
ified by law to hold the election the election
in that precinct is invalid. Such is the de-
cision of the House repeated again and again.
Now, let us see how, in point of fact, some
of these officers, these de facto gentlemen, were
appointed. I have here the report of tho
committee, and I read from page 10 :
"Mount Vernon, Prfcinc(.—Ai this precinct S. ti.
JNeweum, one of the judges, at about three o'clock
p. m. ot the day of tho election, 1 eft his post and
refused longer to act, declaring that he feared a dis-
turbance."
That is one way of telling the story. Another
way is that he was driven away and compelled
to leave by violence.
"J. C.Jones was appointedby tho sheriff to fill the
vacancy occasioned by Nowcum's withdrawal, and
acted from that time until the closa of tho polls."
That was one of these de facto men. He was
acting even without the forms and sanctions ol
an oath, and the votes which he received and
the certificates which he makes are to be taken
asprima/acie valid, and you are to throw upon
the party injured the necessity of inquiry, and
searching out the frauds and tricks and devices
of the other side. Suppose,for example,youhad
this way of making officers of election in aplace
like the city of Brooklyn or some wards in New
York, and undertook to investigate an election.
You gentlemen who live in that part of the
country can understand that better than you can
understand the precise difficulty of investigating
an election under circumstances such as we
now have under consideration. The only safe-
guard, the only security for the ballot-box is in
maintaining the law as it stood upon your
books for long years,
But we are told that if we adhere to that
decision it will bring us an immense number
of election contests. Sir, it has not had that
effect heretofore ; it has not so resulted. We
had that decision on our records from the very
first case decided in the year 1701, and which
remains unquestioned down to this time, in
that case the law of Georgia required three
magistrates to hold the election ; they had
failed to do so, and other persons had inter-
vened and presumed to hold an election. The
decision was that the election was void. Yet
it has not had the effect of bringing in here a
great number of election cases. There have
been comparatively few contested on that
ground.
I am surprised thatfhe gentleman who made
that argument [Mr. McCraby] did not go a
little farther and look at his own report, where
he has thrown out one precinct because tho
poll-book was not certified by any officer of
elections. Now, how easy it would be, in the
case he has put, for a set of dishonest officials,
where their opponents had been successful, to
defeat the election by refusing to sign the poll-
books. A case like that is far more probable
and more likely to happen than the case pro-
pounded in the argument. And yet, should
that be taken as a reason why yon should not
require a certificate of the officers holding the
election, as a reason why you should disre-
gard such provisions and requirements of the
law? Not at all. And the gentleman himself
did not so consider it, because he has thrown
out not only one precinct, but some four or
five of them, for that reason.
_ The gentleman refers to the Kirksville pre-
cinct, in theconnty of Madison, as a very strong
illustration, and to the testimony of Mr. Pond.
He says that Mr. Pond was asked whether the
election was not fair, and whether everybody en-
titled to vote was allowed to vote, &eM and his
answer was, "So far as I know." Now, the
value of that negative testimony will be readily
understood, I suppose, by every legal mind in
the House, for it is mere negative testimony.
Now, what are the facts about the Kirksville
precinct? It is a very good illustration. Two
of the officers of election in that precinct, (he
sheriff and one of the judges, were rebels, and
the clerk holding the election was not sworn.
And what is the result? I find in the very re-
port, on page 12, that out of the votes of this
Kirksville precinct, which is held up here as
a model to show the great danger of the rule
for which we contend—out of the votes of that
Kirksville precinct 24 votes were rejected, even
on this report, as having been improperly ad-
mitted. They were Irish votes, about which I
will have something to say after a time. Even
the very best case, the one which the committee
took as an illustration, shows that 24 votes were
admitted which in the view of the Committee
of Elections should not have been admitted.
How many more such votes were admitted who
can tell?
What is tho object of having the officers
equally divided between the parties? It is
that when an elector goes to the poll, and is
called in the presence of the crowd to show for
whom he will vote, if he be atimid and hesitat-
ing and doubtful mau he will be able to see
that he has friends upon the board of election
officers who will stand by him and see that he
has his rights; who, if his vote be challenged,
will see that he has fair play. The moral sur-
roundings ofan election, the atmosphere, I may
call it., have much to do with a fair election.
Why was it, that in May, 1801, in the State of
Virginia, there were cast, I know not how
many thousand votes, in favor of the secession
of the State and of rebellion against the Gov-
ernment of tho United States, although in the
month of February previous there had be<jn
almost as largo a vote the other way? It was
because in the mean time the armies of the re-
bellion had come up on the soil of Virginia,
because the country was bristling with bayo-
nets, because burnished steel gleamed before
theeyes of the voter as he went up to the ballot-
box, though probably no violence, no actual
outrage was committed anywhere in the State.
Is that to be treated as a fair election ?
So, in my State, where in the month of Feb-
ruary, 18G1, our people went voluntarily to the
polls and gave a majority of over sixty thou-
sand against rebellion and secession; yet in the
month of June, after armies had been organ-
ized, had been stationed throughout the State,
had marched backward and forward, another
election was held, at which the same question
was submitted, and then there was an apparent
majority nearly as great in favor of rebellion and
against the Government. Do you call that a fair
election?^ Yet that is a specimen of the elec-
tion held in some of the precincts specified in
this report where occurred what the committee
call "irregularities/' where these "de facto"
gentlemen presided. One of these is 'Gaines
precinct, Pulaski county. In reference to that
the committee say:
"In this precinct the proof shows that there was
some excitement preceding fhe election occasioned
¥7 1 ,P°SUnS of notices threatening prominent
Republicans with lynching, and by the further fact
thatsoveial persons had been lynched and one or
two murdered in the vicinity r« phorfc time previously,
it seems, however, that the only result of tbi* ex-
citement was the arming of men on both side*. >v
thru wnen the day of election came both partus
appeared at the polls armed. Ho violence occurred
at the polls, it ha ving been agreed on both sides that
there should be peace for the day."
The case was similar in regard fco Glade's
precinct, and various others. Yet; we are told
it is a matter of no consequence who held the
election; that elections held by rebel generals,
