1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1409
source. Last year, this extra fund being
J„ne away witb, it was agreed that the First
Comptroller should have $5,000. This being
the case, I think we should treat with equal
justice another deserving public officer, against
whom nothing can be said except the length
of his services to the country in conserving
its Treasury. There can be no higher merit.
It is said that it has been his fortune to sur-
vive as an officer all political changes. My
answer to that is that his integrity and abil-
ity are such that he has survived, with credit
to himself, every Administration for a great
number o f years. No Secretary o f the Treasury
has ever thought of displacing him, and so long
as he retains the ability to do the duty of his
office no Secretary ever will deem it possible
to have this gentleman removed. If ever merit
and faithful services deserved promotion and
consideration they do in this case.
My friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
says this officer is not discouraged, but calmly
pursues his duties. I wonder he is not when
he sees a gentleman who has served the Gov-
ernment for only as many months as he has
served ityears made the donee of congressional
liberality, or, better to call it, congressional
justice, and getting his salary raised to $5,000, I
while he himself, who has to deal with the
same large amounts of money and has the same
work to do as the First Comptroller, is kept at
$3,000 and no more. This is surely an injus-
tice, and so long as Congress deals with mer-
itorious public officers in this way the country
does not deserve to be well served. If we are
to have good officers in the public service we
ought to deal with them in the way in which
they deserve to be dealt with. Why, yesterday
the committee put the salaries of the two clerks
in the White House at an amount coming within
$700 of the salary of this officer who is at the
head of a most important bureau. Now, those
clerks were appointed this very year, whereas
here is a public servant having the control of
millions and millions of dollars, who has filled
the office for years, and we leave him at a sal-
ary scarcely greater than they have, without
any increase or hope of increase. Let me say,
if we take this course, in my judgment it will
be false economy.
Mr. DAWES. The first argument presented,
the one put in front, is pretty much all the
argument there is; and that is, that because
we raised the salary of the First Comptroller
last year there is no reason why we should not
raise this man's salary. I said then that if
we put up the salary of one man we must put
up the salaries of all the rest. I resisted put-
ting up the salary of the First Comptroller last
year, and I resist putting up this one. Although
the First Comptroller occupies a position, in
my opinion, far more important to the Gov-
ernment than this officer does, I took care not
to disparage the merits of this gentleman. I
am willing that he shall have, and that the
Government shall appropriate for him, as high
a salary as we think we can afford to appro-
priate for this man and for all others. But I
submit that it should be upon some system and
upon some rule, and not that any one man
shall have an increase of pay if he can find an
efficient and able friend in this House to put
forward his particular case to the exclusion of
every one else.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I did not
make this motion by his procurement or with
his knowledge.
Mr. DAWES. I did not mean to say that
there was anything improper. I only mean to
say that such is the good fortune of the Second
Comptroller of the Treasury. It is his luck,
and such has been bis luck for twenty-five or
thirty years, that he has always had a friend at
court, and has been kept in his office. I am
glad of it. He deserves to be kept there, and
I hope he will stay there. But 1 do not think
there is the slightest necessity of giving him
$2,000 a year more to keep him there. 1 hope
we will have a vote.
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 89.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. I move to amead
the amendment by striking ont "five" and
inserting "four." I do not want to interfere
in the controversy of these gentlemen between
economy and extravagance further than to say
that I shall oppose increasing the salary of any
officer of the Government. But I rose chiefly
to say that if this officer's salary is to be in-
creased, I hope it will not be upon the ground
upon which it was placed by the gentleman ;
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] who makes ■!
the motion for the increase. I hope it will not ;
be because this officer has stood bet ween the dia- j
charged soldiers of this country and the Treas- j
ury, between them and their just rights out of <
the Treasury, for the last two or three years. ;
And if I may be indulged in the remark, 1 will
say thatthe soldiers who have been thus wronged
out of the bounty which was promised them by ,
the President of the United States and the War ;
Department, and which formed a part of the ;
contract upon which they enlisted, will be sur- ,
prised when they hear that their fellow-soldier, ,
and one in whom I know they all feel pride, !
has spoken in commendation of the action of !
this officer of the Treasury Department, in j
respect to that matter, and has stated, as a
ground for increasing his salary, that he has ]
taken that course and prevented them from
getting their just rights after the Court of
! Claims of the United States, upon fair argu- |
! ment, has declared them entitled to this bounty. :
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Chairman, I wish to
I say one word in favor of the increase of this
salary. I have never during the time of my
'i service in this House favored the increase of
I more than three salaries : those of the Second
Auditor, the Third Auditor, and the First
Comptroller of the Treasury. Now, I do not 1
believe that more or better arguments can be \
presented in favor of increasing any salary than
can be presented in favor of increasing the i
salary of the Second Comptroller of the Treas- j
nry. It is an office requiring not only integrity, :
although integrity is a most valuable com- j
modity to this Government and a most valuable .
quality in a public officer, but it is a position J
which requires a high degree of intelligence, j
an unusual degree of intelligence. I appre- j
hend that gentlemen who have not watched j
the current history of our legislation may not i
be fully informed of the fact that at this time !
the responsibility of the Second Comptroller j
of the Treasury is very largely increased, j
Why, sir, the decisions of the Third Auditor's j
office, a bureau of great importance, are sub-
ject to review only by the Second Comptroller.
It is so with the decisions of the Quartermaster
General's office; aud with reference to this
duty alone, of revising and finally deciding
upon subjects which have been adjudicated by
the Quartermaster General's office and by the .
Third Auditor's office, the responsibility of,
this Second Comptroller's office is very largely j
increased.
I can say what has already been better said
in behalf of the gentleman who occupies the
position of Second Comptroller; but 1 do not
deem that important to the argument. High
as is the character of that gentleman, unblem-
ished as is his reputation, and competent as he
may be to perform the duties of his office,
those are slight considerations in comparison
with the fact that the amount of compensation
ought, in some slight degree at least, to approx-
imate the duties of the position. The office
is one of great responsibility, and I deem that
a salary of $4,000 a year is not more than the
position demands.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, withdrew the
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. PAINE. I renew the amendment to
the amendment. I have no knowledge in re-
lation to the particular case to which my col-
league from Wisconsin [Mr. Cobb] refers when
he complains of the action of the Second Comp-
troller. It may be that in that case the Comp-
troller committed an error of judgment- I am
certain from my knowledge of the man, and
of his conduct as an officer, that if he has com-
mitted an error in that case it has been one of
judgment alone.
I have on a great many occasions carefully
observed the action of the Second Comptroller,
and I am satisfied that there is no officer con-
nected with the Treasury Department who is
more conscientious in the discharge of his duties
or more judicial in the performance of his
official duties than he is. I believe there is no
man connected with the Treasury Department
who would feel less disposed to wrong a soldier
than the Second Comptroller. I am quite sure
there is no one in that Department whose sym-
pathies for the soldiers of the Union are
stronger than are his. I know full well that his
disposition to do absolute justice between the
Government and the claimant against the Gov-
ernment is inflexible, and that he is always
actuated by a determination to do as nearly
right as he can, let it affect whom it may.
While, then, 1 am not willing to criticise the
opinion of my colleague respecting the legality
of any decision made by the Second Comp-
troller, yet I am determined to insist here upon
the fairness and honesty, the integrity and abil-
ity of this Second Comptroller. I believe that
while there may be others in the Treasury De-
partment whose services are not adequately
compensated, the Second Comptroller is cer-
tainly not sufficiently paid for his services. I
think, therefore, that the amendment of the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
should be agreed to, and that the compensation
of this officer should be increased to $5,000 per
annum. I do not pretend to say that his services
are equal either in importance or in severity to
those of the First Comptroller. It may be that
if a rigid comparison between the two were
made it would be found that the services of the
First Comptroller are more onerous. But I do
believe that the services of the Second Comp-
troller are such as to entitle him to a compen-
sation of $6,000 a year. There are only two
Comptrollers ; the one has been compensated
by a compensation of $5,000; let us then com-
pensate this able, efficient, and faithful officer
by putting his salary at $5,000, something near
what it should be.
Mr. DAWES. I do not know that it is neces-
sary that I should add a word to what has been
said. Nothing that I have said has been intended
to reflect at all upon the efficiency of this officer.
I do not think he should be objected to because
he made a wrong decision in a particular case,
but until we shall determine to go into the
work of raising the salaries in the Treasury
Department I must resist this amendment and
all of a similar character.
Mr. CONGER. I hope the gentleman will
allow me to say a few words.
Mr. DAWES. I will yield the remainder
of my time to the gentleman.
Mr. CONGER. I am surprised at the charge
made against the Second Comptroller ot the
Treasury Department, that in pursuance of his
duty he has decided claims presented there,
either on behalf of the Army or the Navy,
according to law, and not according to public
sentiment, in favor of soldiers, or sailors, or
even of Congressmen. I am also surprised to
hear gentlemen upon this floor assail the patri-
otism and love of country of this Second Comp-
troller ; and I say to those gentlemen, here in
my place, that this officer and the family to
which he belongs have exhibited as much love
of country, as much patriotism, as any gentle-
man upon this floor. The brother of this man,
the honored colonel of one of our Michig&u
regiments, attained a distinction tor hiinselt
and shed glory upon our country by his gal-
lantry on the battle-field, and ne gave his hte
th<Mr. DAWES. I rise to a point of order.
I submit that no glory is in order on this bill.
[Laughter.] .
Mr. CONGER. Mr. Chairman, the gentle-
man from Massachusetts. attacking the
