1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5185
colonels, majors, and captains were just as
valid as if they had been held by men author-
ized under the law of Kentucky to hold elec-
tions. Why, sir, this is absolutely trifling with
the law: it is trifling with the loyal men of the
State of Kentucky—with the loyal men in any
part of the country. This contestant, in the
year 1867, one year before this election, re-
ceived in this very district, as candidate for
Governor, a majority of over 2,500 votes; yet
it is no wonder, considering the manner in
which this election in 18G8 was conducted, that
there was an apparent majority against him.
I now yield ten minutes to the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Lawrence.]
Mr. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I have
rarely ever troubled the House with any re-
marks upon any contested-election case, but
have generally contented myself with accepting
the decision of the committee, for the reason
which every member understands, that it is
almost impossible for each individual member
of the House to investigate all these cases for
himself. If I did not consider the question
now presented one of very great importance I
would not trespass upon the attention of the
House for one moment.
But there is a view of this case which I desire
to present, and which in my judgment is entirely
conclusive as to its merits. I think it is abund-
antly established by the testimony and the
reports in this case that there were numerous
election precincts in the congressional district
from which this case comes where one or more
of the election officers were rebels—men who
in the language of the Kentucky statute had
"aided, counseled, or advised the separation
of Kentucky from the Federal Union by force
of arms, or adhered to those engaged in the
effort to separate her from the Federal Union
by force of arms."
I do not exactly adopt the words of the stat-
ute as expressive of my ideas of the Union. I
do not know of any "Federal Union." I do
notknowof any Federal Government. Ours is a
national Union and a national Government.
The nation is composed of people who have a
national Government overall, and State govern-
ments for localities and the people who reside
therein. All these constitute the nation ; in
the sense of international law, the State. There
is no fcedera, no compact between States, but
a national Government, the product of the
people of one nation.
But this is aside from the question I am now
to consider. Now, the question presented to
the House is simply this: whether officers of
the class prohibited by the Kentucky statute
from serving as such can hold and certify the
result of an election. If they can, that is the
end of this contest; the sitting member is en-
titled to the seat. If not, then the result is
equally conclusive of the contest, and the con-
testant is entitled to the seat. The contestant
had a majority of the votes if the returns cer-
tified by rebel election officers are excluded, as
I think they should be.
To understand precisely the question upon
which, in my judgment, this contest turns, it is
proper I should read to the House the pro-
vision of the act of the General Assembly of
Kentucky, approved February 11, 1858. It is
in these words:
"That hereafter, so long as there arc two distinct
political parties in this Commonwealth, the sheriff,
judges, and clerk of election, in all cases of elections
by the people under the Constitution and laws of
the United States, and under the constitution and
laws of Kentucky, shall be so selected and appointed
as that one of the judges at each place ot voting
shall be of one political party and the other judge
cf the other or opposing political party."
Now, it is well understood that when this act
was passed there were, as there have been ever
since, two political parties in Kentucky, one the
Whig party, the other the Democratic party, as
they existed at the date of the statute, though
they afterward changed somewhat. But in the
year 1861 there grew up in Kentucky another
political party, the party in favor of the rebel-
lion, a party very well described in an amenda-
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—Ho. 325.
tory act passed by the Legislature of that State
and approved March 15, 1802. In 1862 there
existed in Kentucky the Union or Republican
party, the Democratic neutrality party, and the
rebel secession party; in all, three political
parties.
Now, I do not hesitate to express the opinion
that while the act of February 11, 1858, con-
tinued to be the only law upon the subject, with
only two political parties, and they loyal, if the
judges of election were not taken, one from
the Democratic party and one from the old
Whig party, or the Republican party, a failure
in that respect to comply with the terms of the
statute would not have invalidated or defeated
the result of an election or rendered void a
certificate of the result made by officers not hav-
ing the necessary political qualification. And
why? Because that statute is simply directory
in its provisions, and a failure to comply with
the provisions of the statute would not invali-
date the acts of officers not having the quali-
fications required by the provisions Of the
statute.
It was simply a directory statute. And what
is a directory statute? I have never yet boon
able to find a satisfactory definition of what a
directory statute is. I think it may be well
said to be a legislative joke, a statute that does
not mean anything, in other words, it is a
statute_which directs an act to be done in a
given time or manner, or by a person or officer
haying prescribed qualifications, but one under
which the failure to do the act in the given
time or manner or by a person or officer having
the prescribed qualification, does not render
the act done ineffectual or void. A statute
will generally be deemed directory when the
prescribed time or manner or qualifications are
immaterial, do not enter into the essence of
the act, but are merely incidental to it. It is
directory when from the circumstances it is
manifest the Legislature designed to prescribe
non-essentials in time, mode, or qualifications,
but did not intend an act done at a different
time or in a different mode to be void. When
a statute is directory, and when it is impera-
tive is a question to be determined in view of
the circumstances under which the act was
passed, and the manifest purpose of the Legis-
lature in enacting it, and the consequcnces to
flow from it. It is a question of legislative
intent to be decided by the tribunal passing
on the law. Accordingly there are many
statutes prescribing that certain acts shall be
done within a given time ; but a failure to do
the act within that time does not render the
act void, if it be done properly, either sooner
or later. But when a statute requires an elec-
tion to be held on a given day by the people,
tiinewould be deemed of the essence of the
election material, and no valid election could
be held either sooner or later. Here as to time
the statute is imperative, not directory. This
might not always be so as to elections by cor-
porate boards. Then there are statutes pre-
scribing qualifications for certain officers; but
if a man is elected to office not having the pre-
scribed qualifications his official acts may yet
be valid, for the statute may be simply directory
in its terms, and not mandatory.
So much, then, for the act of February 11,
1858. It is directory. The political qualifi-
cations prescribed in it for officers are not of
the essence of their official acts. It is a mere
legislative joke; it means nothing; it is ad-
visory ; it is only enforced by a sense of duty
and official oaths. But now we come to an act
of a very different character, the act of March
15, 1862. That act provides that "in constru-
ing the act approved February 11, 1858, to
which this is an amendment, those who have
engaged in the rebellion for the overthrow of
the Government, or who have in any way aided,
counseled, or advised the separation of Ken-
tucky from the Federal Union by force of
arms, or adhered to those engaged in the effort
to separate herfromthe Federal Union by force
of arms, shall not be deemed one of the polit-
ical parties in this Commonwealth within the
provisions of the act to which this is ail amend-
ment. ' This is a legislative prohibition, a
statute not prescribing qualification for officers,
but excluding a class of men from the right to
hold office. It is aimed at them severally in
personam.
Now, sir, those who had engaged in rebel-
lion, rebels, by the express terms of this act,
were excluded from the class of persons or the
classes of political parties from which election
officers might be chosen. It is one thing to
prescribe qualifications for election officers,"but
it is a very different and distinct thing to make
prohibitions, mandatory statute provisions, that
a certain class of persons shall not act as elec-
tion officers. Any lawyer at a glance will com-
prehend the distinction between a statute which
merely prescribes qualifications and another
which enacts prohibitions. If this act of March
15, 1802, like that of February 11, 1858, is
directory in its provisions, then votes given at
election precincts, where the election was held
by rebels and the result certified by them, must
all be regarded on this contest now, such elec-
tion and certificates are valid. But if this stat-
ute is not directory, but mandatory and abso-
lute in its terms, excluding from the right to
bold office the class of persons coming within
its provisions, then the acts of such officers
who could not lawfully act at all would be
utterly void and of no effect. They could make
no certificate of the result of the election which
would avail either party in the contest here.
Now, sir, what is the character of this act
of 1862? Mr. Speaker, every act is to be con-
strued with reference to the circumstances
under which it was passed and the manifest
purpose of the Legislature in enacting it and
the consequences of a disregard of it. What
were the circumstances under which this law
was passed? The rebellion was in full blast,
and the Legislature of Kentucky saw it would
be unsafe to permit the elections of that State
to be held by men seeking to overthrow the
Government and to sever Kentucky from the
Union of the States.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time has
expired.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I ask the gentleman
from Tennessee to give me two minutes more.
Mr. MAYNARD. Certainly.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I have a case which
will illustrate my idea. It is reported in 10
Missouri Reports, page 117, St. Louis County
Court against Sparks, a case decided in 1846.
In that case it was held that where the statute
prescribed that certain officers should have the
qualification of householders, yet if persons
were elected not having that particular quali-
fication they would nevertheless be officers de
facto. And why? Because it was held that
statute was merely directory. No overwhelm-
ing public necessity, no rule of public policy
intervened to require the statute to be con-
strued as mandatory. The household qualifi-
cation was not of the essence of the official
acts required of the officer, nor did it operate
as a prohibition on the right to hold office.
There was nothing in the terms of the statute
to indicate that it was the purpose of the Le-
gislature imperatively to prohibit non-house-
holders from holding office or to render their
acts void if in violation of the statute.
Here in this Kentucky statute, however, we
have every circumstance to indicate that it was
the purpose of the Legislature of Kentucky to
absolutely prohibit those who had been engaged
in rebellion from holding office, and that it was
the design of the Legislature to render every
aet of theirs utterly null and voiu. This act set
the mark of Cain upon rebels, turned them
adrift as wanderers, unworthy of legislative
countenance, unfit to be trusted with political
i power, unworthy to be judges of elections, not
fit to be intrusted with determining the desti-
nies of a State of this Union. A great public
necessity for their exclusion from office and
every principle of public policy required that
