1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2353
janes, fowler, kirtland and company.
Mr. STOKES also, fromthesamecommittee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 1667) for the relief
of Janes, Fowler, Kirfcland & Co.; which was
read a first and second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to Janes,
Fowler, Kirtland & Co., of New York, contract-
ors for building the Dome of the Capitol at
Washington, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, the sum of $60,000
in full satisfaction of all claims for losses and
damages arising from the action of the Gov-
ernment in stopping, ordering, and directing
the construction of said work.
Mr. CULLOM. I rise to make the pointof
order that the bill contains an appropriation.
Mr. STOKES. I hope the gentleman from
Illinois will withdraw the pointof order. These
parties have been kept out of their money for
a number of years.
Mr. CULLOM. I insist on the point of
order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The bill will go to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the Private Calendar.
adverse report.
Mr. ELA, from the same committee, re-
ported adversely on the petition of Vinceut
St. Vrain, praying compensation for the use
of buildings at El Paso, Texas; and the same
was laid on the table.
pardon worsely.
Mr. ELA also, from the same committee,
reported a joint resolution (H. R. No. 225) for
the relief of Pardon Yforsely; which was read
a first and second time.
The question was ou ordering the joint reso-
lution to be engrossed and read a third time.
The joint resolution was read. Itdirectsthe
Secretary of the Treasury to return to Pardon
Worsely the sum of $7,864 37, the proceeds of
certain United States bonds and notes, and
local bank notes, produced as evidence by said
Worsely on the trial of Moses Weisenfeldt and
others before a military court in 1861, and
transferred by L. C. Turner, judge advocate,
to the Treasurer of the United States on the
24th of February, 1865, and sold and covered
into the Treasury of the United States.
Mr. ELA. I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. ELA moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
adverse reports.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the same committee, reported adversely on the
following memorials, &c.; and the same were
laid on the table:
The memorial of Andrew Diss, of Ohio ;
The memorial of the Louisville and Bards-
town Turnpike Company;
The memorial of Annie Etheridge, of Mich-
igan;
The memorial of E. M. Davis, of Philadel-
phia ;
The memorial of the Beardslee Magnetic
Electric Company;
The memorial of Rev. David C. Colgin, of
Kentucky;
The memorial of Captain George Fuerst, of
Washington Territory;
The memorial of William Rullman, of the
District of Columbia;
The memorial of Horatio Natur, of the
District of Columbia;
41ST CONO. 2D SESS.— NO. 148.
The memorial of the heirs of John M. Tate,
deceased;
Concurrent resolutions of the Kansas Legis-
lature ;
The memorial of N. T. Perrymati, of Ala-
bama;
The memorial of E. Carrington Bowers,
United States Navy;
The memorial of Mrs. Eliza James, of Texas ;
The memorial of John O'Brien, of Alabama :
The memorial of Michael Teutenheim, of
Alabama;
The memorial of Anna Lucas, of the Dis-
trict of Columbia;
The memorial of Matilda Shields, of the Dis-
trict of Columbia;
The memorial of William Crawford, of Vir-
ginia;
The memorial of Schilling & Co., of Mary-
land ; and
The memorial of W. G. Barnard, of New
York.
louisville and bardstown turnpike.
Mr. KNOTT. I ask unanimous consent to
withdraw the memorial of the Louisville and
Bardstown Turnpike Company.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. For what pur-
pose ? I remember this claim in the Thirty-
Eighth Congress and in every Congress since I
have been here.
Mr. KNOTT. Yes, and it has always been
reported on favorably until now.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That may be.
But it seems to me there ought to be an end
to it at some time. I have no objection, how-
ever, to the withdrawal of the memorial.
Mr. KNOTT. I will ask that the memorial
be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs. It is a military claim.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
object to that.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
withdrawing of the memorial ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Yes,
sir, if the object is to refer it to another com-
mittee. I think after it has had a fair exam-
ination that the House should feel that they
are not prepared to act on the same case two
or three times during the same session. I
therefore object to the withdrawal of the me-
morial.
land maps.
Mr. HOLMAN. I again report from the
Committee of Claims the resolution which I
withdrew, and I ask the previous question
upon it.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House pay to John
Wilson, out of tho contingent fund of the House, in
full satisfaction for his services in superintending
and preparing the maps of the public land States
ordered by resolution of the House of May 4,1848,
the sum of $3,600, the said John Wilson having been
employed on said duty from 4th May, 1818, to 14th
January, 1852.
Mr. ARNELL. Will the gentleman yield
to me ?
Mr. HOLMAN. After the previous question
shall be seconded 1 will not object to the con-
sumption of any reasonable amount of time in
the consideration of the resolution.
Mr. ARNELL. I want to object before the
previous question is sustained.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will answer any question
the gentleman may desire to put.
Mr. ARNELL. As a member of the Com-
mittee on Accounts I desire to have a little
more information in regard to this claim before
I vote upon it. As the claim is to be paid out
of the contingent fund of the House, I think
the gentleman should allow a motion to be
made to refer tho resolution to the Committee
on Accounts or else change the phraseology
of the resolution.
Mr. KELSEY. I move to lay the resolu-
tion upon the table.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not yield for that pur-
pose. I will yield to the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. arnell j to make the motion which
he has suggested.
Mr. ARNELL. I move that the resolution
be referred to the Committee on Accounts.
The motion was agreed to.
janes, fowler, kirtland and company.
Mr. CULLOM. I now withdraw the point of
order which I made some time since, upon the
bill reported from the Committee of Claims by
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Stokes,]
and upon which point of order the bill was
referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the Private Calendar, as containing an appro-
priation.
The title of the bill was, "A bill for the relief
of Janes, Fowler, Kirtland & Co."
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will reserve my right
to renew the point of order after the bill shall
have been again read.
The bill was again read. It directs the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to pay to Janes, Fow-
ler, Kirtland & Co., of New York, contractors
for building the Dome of the Capitol at Wash-
ington, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, the sum of $60,000
in full satisfaction of all claim on their part
for losses or damages arising from the action
of the Government in stopping, ordering, and
directing the construction of said work.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I renew the point of
order that this bill contains an appropriation,
and must, under the rule, be first considered
in Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
elizabeth carson.
Mr. BECK. Some minutes since, on the
report of the Committee of Claims, Senate bill
No. 449, for the relief of Elizabeth Carson, was
laid upon the table. I ask the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Washburn] to consent that the
bill be taken from the table and referred to
the Committee of the Whole, aud placed on the
Private Calendar.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Ihave
no objection.
The SPEAKER. It requires unanimous con-
sent.
No objection was made; and it was ordered
accordingly.
new hampshire claims.
Mr. ELA, by unanimous consent, introduced
a joint resolution (H. R. No. 226) for adjust-
ing the claims of the State of New Hampshire;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
william m. garvey.
Mr. WINANS, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, by unanimous consent, reported
back, with a recommendation that the same do
pass, a bill (H. R. No. 40) to confirm the title
of William M. Garvey to a certain tract of
land.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, confirms to Wil-
liam M. Garvey, his heirs and assigns forever,
the title in and to the east half of the northeast
quarter of section eighteen in township sixty-
nine north, of range twenty-six east, in the
district of lands subject to sale atDes Moines,
Iowa.
The bill was ordered to beengrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WINANS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid ou the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired.
order oj? business.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire now to move that
the rales be suspended, and the House resolve
