1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
97
executive session.
Ou motion of Mr. SHERMAN, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business ; and after some time spenttherein, the
doors were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 13, 1860.
The House met at twelve o'clock in. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. (}. Buti.kr.
The Journal of Saturday was read and
p.pproved.
order op business.
The SPEAKER stated the first business in
order was the call of States and Territories for
bills and resolutions for reference only, and
not to be brought back by a motion to recon-
sider ; and that under this call joint resolu-
tions of State and territorial Legislatures could
be referred and ordered to be printed.
captain charles holmes.
Mr. ELA introduced a bill (H. R. No. 500)
for_ the relief of Captain Charles Holmes ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
mrs. lucia harden.
Mr. STEVENS introduced a hill (II. R. No.
507) for the relief of Mrs. Lucia Marden ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
national currency.
Mr.WILLARD introduced a bill (II. R. No.
508) to amend an act entitled "An act to pro-
vide a national currency, secured by a pledge
of United States bonds, and to provide for the
circulation and redemption thereof;" which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Banking and Currency, and
ordered to be printed.
abolition of tiie franking privilege.
Mr. WILLARD also introduced a bill (II.
R. No. 509) to abolish the franking privilege;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Post OlKce
and Post Roads.
testimony in bounty oases.
Mr. POLAND introduced a bill (II. R. No.
510) to simplify and reduce t.ho expense of
taking testimony in establishing claims for
bounties and pensions; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Revision of the Laws of the United
States.
free system 01'' banking.
Mr. POLAND also introduced a bill (II. II.
No. 511) providing for a free system of national
banking; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Bank-
ing and Currency.
virginia.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to present three joint resolutions now pending
before the Committee on Reconstruction, and
to ask that they be referred to that committee,
and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER. That is in order.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, introduced
severally the following joint resolutions; which
were read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Reconstruction, and ordered
to be printed:
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 82) declaring
Virgmiaentitled to representation in Congress;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 83) declaring
that Virginia has performed the required acts
entitling her to representation in the Congress
of the United States, and that she is entitled
to such representation ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 84) declaring
Virginia entitled to representation in the Con-
gress of the United States.
jurisdiction of united states courts.
Mr. JENCKES introduced a bill (H. R.
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 7.
No. 512) to repeal an act entitled "An act ex-
tending jurisdiction of the district courts to
certain eases upon the lakes and navigable
waters connecting the same," approved Feb-
ruary 20, 1865; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on the
Revision of the Laws of the United States, and
ordered to be printed.
northern judicial district, new york.
Mr. WARD introduced a bill (H. R. No. 513)
to provide for holding annual terms of the
United Siates circuit and district courts for
the northern district of New York at Elmira,
New York ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
niagara siiip-canal.
Mr. CHURCHILL introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 514) to provide for the construction of a
ship-canal around the Falls of Niagara; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
establishment oi' a post route.
Mr. CHURCHILL also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 515) to establish a post route from
Seriba, New York, by way of South Scriba and
North Volney, to Vermilion; whiehwasread a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
establishment op a post route.
Mr. BAILEY introduced a bill (H. It. No.
51fl) making the road from Oriskany Falls,
New York, to Knoxboro', in the same State, a
post routo ; which was road a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Oflice and Post Roads.
information to pensioners.
Mr. GRISWOLD introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 517) aulhori/.ing the President to appoint
an attorney at New York city, who shall give
gratuitous information and advice to pension-
ers; which was read a first and sccond time,
and referred to the Committee ou Invalid Pen-
sions.
no KURT DKXNISOM.
Mr. KCOFIKLJ) introduced a hill (II. R.
No. 518) for the relief of Robert Dennisou ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to tlio Committee on Military Affairs.
SURVIVORS OF Tin: WAR OF lSli
Mr. SCOKIELl) also introduced a hill (II.
R. No. 51'.)) for the relief of the surviving sol-
diers and sailors of the war of 1812; which was
lead a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
i.. k. larkin.
Mr. COBB, of North Carolina, introduced a
bill (JI. R. No. 520) for the relief of L. F.
Larkin, of Weldon, North Carolina; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Claims.
SUK\ IVORS OF THE WAR OK
Mr. DKWKKS15 introduced a bill (II. I!..
No. 521) granting pensions to the surviving
soldiers of the war of 1812; which wai read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
UNITED STATES COI'RT-IIOUSB AT RALEIGH.
Mr. DEWEESE also introduced a bill (II.
It. No. 522) providing for the building of a
United States court-house at Raleigh, North
Carolina ; which was read a first aud second
time, and referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
UNIVERSAL AMNESTY.
Mr. DEWEESE also introduced a bill (H.
li. No. 523) granting universal amnesty ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee ou Reconstruction, and ordered
to be printed.
a. s. meriman and others.
Mr. DEWEESE also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 524) to relieve from political disabili-
ties A. S. Meriman and others, citizens of
North Carolina; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Reconstruction.
volunteer naval officers.
Mr. BUCK introduced a bill (H. R. No.
525) to construe section three of the act of
March 2, 1867, in. relation to the transfer of
volunteer naval officers to the regular naval
service; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
maggie b. miller.
Mr. BUCK also introduced a bill (H. R. No.
520) for the relief of Maggie B. Miller; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Claims.
political' disabilities.
Mr. HEFLIN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
527) to relieve certain persons from political
disabilities; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Recon-
struction.
pass a l'outre.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana, introduced a
bill (H. 11. No. 528) making an appropriation
to improve the navigation of Pass & 1'Outre
and Southwest Pass, in the State of Louisiana;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
political disabilities.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana, also intro-
duced a bill (H. 1{. No. 520) to remove political
disabilities from certain persons; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Reconstruction.
national currency.
Mr. VAN TRUMP introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 530) to amend an act entitled "An act to
provide a national currency secured by a pledge
of United States bonds, and provide for the
circulation and redemption thereof," passed
J tine 0, 1864; which was read afirst and second
time, referred to the Committee on Banlting
and Currency, and ordered to be printed.
margaret ilenner.
Mr. VAN TRUMP also introduced a bill
(II. R. No. 531) granting a pension to Margaret
Renner, widow of John Renner, deceased,
late a private in company I, eleventh regiment
United States infantry, in the late war with
Mexico; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
mary red.
Mr. VAN TRUMP also introduced a bill
(FL R. No. 532) granting a pension to Mary
Red, widow of Andrew Red, deceased, late of
company I, one hundred and twenty-sixth regi-
ment Ohio volunteer infantry ; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
franking privilege.
Mr. WINANS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
533) to amend the several acts relating to the
franking privilege ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, and ordered to be
printed.
post roads.
Mr. WINANS also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 534) to establish certain post roads;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
lieutenant commander a. kautz.
Mr. SMITH, of Ohio, introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 535) for the relief of Lieutenant Com-
mander A. Kautz; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
pensions to soldiers op the war of 1812.
Mr. BECK introduced a bill (H. R. No. 536)
granting pensions to the surviving officers and
