5186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
the purpose of the Legislature should bs en-
forced by construing the statute as prohibitory
and mandatory. There was every motive on
the part of the Legislature to make this class
of men outcasts, to proscribe them as unfit to
hold office, to render their acts void, utterly
void. This, in my judgment, is precisely
what the Legislature did when theypassed that
act in 1862. The time when it was passed, the
circumstances under which it was passed, the
manifest purpose of the Legislature to preserve
the power of the State in the hands of loyal
men, all point clearly and unmistakably to that
one purpose, that no lawful act could be done
by any one of that class of men. I hold, there-
fore, that that act was not directory, that it
was imperative, and that any official act done
by that class of men was utterly void.
The language of the act of 1862 seems to me
not only to warrant but to require that we shall
hold it to be mandatory. It was aimed at men
individually. It said to the appointing power
rebels shall not be chosen or act as election
officers. No language could be employed more
completely to exclude them from office. And
now it is our duty to give effect to this legis-
lative intent so clearly expressed.
All will agree that if the elections had been
held on a day prohibited or not authorized by law
in any of the election precincts the votes cast
and the result certified would have been void.
Nov/, it was in 1862 much more important to the
people of Kentucky and to the nation that the
election should be held by loyal officers than on
the precise day fixed by law. Eebels were
known to be unworthy of confidence as officers
of a loyal Government. They could not be
safely trusted. To intrust them with a power
to decide on elections was the most dangerous
of all power. The Legislature saw this, and by
their law they said in the language of patriotic
poetry:
" Oh, for a tongue to curse tho slave,
Whose treason, like a deadly blight,
Comes o'er the counsels of the brave,
To blast them in their hour of might."
In self-defense, for their own protection, for
the security of State and national existence, they
enacted a law to prohibit rebels from being
election officers. Let ns not now commit the
fatal error of declaring this a meaningless legis-
lative joke. All history proves that it was
designed to be a living, operative reality. And
all loyal men should say, so mote it be.
This question is res adjudicata. In the con-
tested-election ease of Delano vs. Morgan, al-
ready referred to, the very principle for which
I am contending was decided. We are now to
make another precedent for the future. In
doing this we are to be governed by the'rea-
sons which should govern legislative bodies.
The reason of the law is the life of the law.
But the reasons which are proper for judicial
tribunals are not always proper for parliament-
ary bodies. And on this question this House
is the sole judge. It is the expounder of the
law. It is to act in the light of reason, justice,
and public policy. The law of self-preser-
vation, of national existence, is the polar star
to which we should all turn. Salus populi
svprema lex.
Air. MAYNARD. I was about to refer the
Ilcase more specifically to the case of Delano
vs. Morgan, which we decided last Congress
on a report made by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] the then chairman
of the Committee of Elections. A distinction
was attempted to be drawn between that case
and the present one by the gentleman who in-
troduced this report, that the language of the
act under which Delano vs. Morgan was de-
cided, is more imperative than that in the case
now under consideration. After the argument
which has been pressed so strongly by my friend
from the State of Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] as to
the effect of this Kentucky act, I shall not add
anything more to show that in my opinion it
is authoritative and mandatory as language can
be, that this class of persons are not to act as
judges of election or to hold the key of the
ballot-box in their hands. It is the case over
again of Delano vs. Morgan. It is the principle
that we decided then with such unanimity and
with such self-approval. And I trust that the
House will not, in the year 1870, go back upon
all its decisions from the beginning even down
to the present time.
Mr. Speaker, I offer the following resolu-
tion as a substitute for those which are now
pending:
Resolved, That tho contested-election case of
Barnes vs. Adams be recommitted to the Committee
of Elections, to be reexamined by thesaid commit-
tee and reported back to this House.
The purport of that resolution will be seen
in a mom-ent, when we remember how the pres-
ent Committee of Elections is organized. It
is, to follow Mrs. Malaprop's description of
Cerberus, who she said was " three gentlemen
in one"—it is five committees in one. This
report has been made by a sub-committee of
three, and has not been acted upon or referred
to the entire committee, which consists of
fifteen.
This principle, which, as I have already at-
tempted to show, is fundamental in the election
laws of this country, which has been main-
tained by so many successive and authoritative
decisions, is one that ought not to be over-
turned and departed from without further and
fuller inquiry. It is one that ought not to be
overturned and departed from in any event,
and one which I am satisfied—from what I
learn incidentally in regard to other cases be-
fore the Committee of Elections—will not with
the sanction of that committee be overturned,
and this principle substituted of declaring that
whoever gets hold of the ballot-box, no matter
how or in what way, shall be held as an officer
de facto, and that everybody shall be bound by
his actions.
And then the statement is made by the gen-
tleman from Iowa in his speech—which is as
much probably as the contestant and his friends
would insist upon at this time—that it is uncer-
tain in the opinion of that gentleman how the
result would be if the principle that I have con-
tended for should be maintained, and these
precincts should be thrown out which are liable
to the objections which we have been consider-
ing. I have no fears as to what the result would
be if the House will adhere to its own prece-
dents.
I have no doubt, and I have no hesitation in
expressing it as my belief, from the examina-
tion that I have given to this case, that if the
doctrine laid down in Jackson vs. Wayne, and
adhered to ever since, is applied to this ease,
it will show that the contestant has a clear
majority of from twelve to fifteen hundred
votes.
Now, what is the moral aspect of this case
that is thus attempted to be frittered away ?
In the first place, the general election law of
Kentucky, requiring a fair decision of the elec-
tion officers, had been disregarded in instances
enough to largely change the result. Besides,
men have been used as election judges who
were disqualified by a positive enactment
of the State. Not only that, but those men
have refused to take the oath to support
tho Constitution of the United States, who
refused purposely and designedly to take tho
oath to discharge their duties justly, uprightly,
and honestly. I believe an oath means some-
thing in the estimation of most of the people
of this country, and there are men who will
do, without the sanctions of an oath, things that
with an oath resting upon their consciences
they would see their fingers fail before they
would attempt. And still more; we have in-
timidation, we have fraud, we have outrages
at the polls, we have murder precedent upon
the election, we have notices put up warning,
threatening, and intimidating the Republican
voters ; and then we have a large alien vote,
the Irish vote, as it is spoken of here. Let
me call the attention of the House to that and
to the principle upon which it is excluded.
The committee say:
" The committeoai-eof the opinion that the follow-
in? rule should govern in determining what votes to
reject: whenever it appears that a person came into
a precinct for the purpose of working on the railroad,
that he resided in a temporary habitation, and was
generally regarded as a temporary inhabitant, and
that he actually left very soun after tho lead was
eompl eted, and soon after the election, his vote sho ild
berfgected."
I submit that that is not the rule. The law
of Kentucky requires voters to be citizens, to
have been residents of the State two years and
of the election precinct for one year, and that
they shall have gone there for the purpose of
remaining, and not as temporary sojourners.
The question is, with what mind is the party
there ; with the mind to remain or the mind to
return? Yet there were some three hundred
Irish laborers working on railroads in that con-
gressional district, and of those the committee
have rejected only one hundred and ninety. It
is needless to say on which side that vote was
cast.
Now, sir, I undertake to say that if the pre-
cincts are excluded, in accordance with the
authority of all the decisions of this House,
from the time of Jackson vs. Wayne down lo
that of Delano vs. Morgan, and the vote is
purged accordingly, it will show a state of
things such as I have indicated ; it will show a
majority of from twelve to fifteen hundred I'or
the contestant. I ask gentlemen to pause and
consider whether, in contemplation of the
peculiar condition of things all over the south-
ern country, the violence, the Knklnx outrages,
the murders, the contempt of law and hatred
of our Government which still exist there, it
is a time to relax our election laws and to with-
draw the guards which we have thrown around
the ballot-box.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. McCRARY. I will yield for a moment
to the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Peters.]
district police court.
Mr. PETERS. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take from the Speaker's
table and consider Senate bill No. 1010, to
amend an act entitled "An act to establish a
police court for the District of Columbia, and
for other purposes," approved June 7, 1870.
The bill was read for information. It pro-
poses to amend the bill referred to so that the
police court may be organized and the first term
thereof held on the day after the judge of said
court shall have been commissioned and qual-
ified.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. What is the
object of the bill?
Mr. PETERS. The judge is here and there
are fifty criminals in jail, and he cannot organize
the court before the 1st day of August without
this bill. The chairman of the District Com-
mittee in the Senate, Mr. Hamlix, had this
bill passed, and he desired me to bring it to the
attention of the House in the absence of the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Cook ;] and as
1 know the party and all the circumstances, I
think there will be no objection.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I have no
objection.
No objection being made, the bill was then
taken from the Speaker's table, read a first,
second, and third times, and passed.
Mr. PETERS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed : and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
election contest barnes vs. adams.
The House resumed the contested-election
case of Barnes vs. Adams, from the State of
Kentucky.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Sco-
fiei.d.) Tho gentleman'from Iowa [Mr. Mc-
CrtATty] is entitled to the floor to close the
debate.
Mr. COBURN. Will the gentleman from
