1410
THB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
private oharecter ofthis Comptroller, tea ae«ghi
to deny to his friends the opportunity to vin-
dicate him. By virtue of his experience in
this llouse, by virtue of hia position as chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations, the
gentleman from Massachusetts would prevent
me and other gentlemen from defending the
man ho presumes to attack. I say that such a
course is uot right.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will recog-
nise as in order remarks in regard to the capa-
city and official conduct of the Comptroller;
but anything beyoud that line the Chair cannot
allow. ,
Mr. CONGER. I will try to confine myself
within the limits that please the will of my
superiors here. I see that I am compelled to
do so. [Laughter.]
Now, Mr. Chairman, another gentleman
here has attacked this Comptroller because he
attempted to prevent the passage of accounts
ot' the Navy Department allowing naval offi-
cers an i ncrease of thirty-three and one third per
cent, upon their entire annual pay, the increase
amounting in the aggregate to millions of dol-
lars, this increase being made by an order of
the Department for which there was no author-
ity of law—an order in violation of law. I
affirm that the failure of Congress to pass
proper laws keeping np with the sentiment of
the country is the reason the heads of Depart-
ments have endeavored to adopt compensatory
legislation in the form of orders. It is the
fault of gentlemen here that the laws as they
stand ace insufficient to meet the demands of
the country in reference to the pay of soldiers
and sailors aud naval officers. Now, sir, does
the gentleman from Massachusetts know that
for iifteen years there has been standing as
the law of the land a decision of the Supreme
Court of the United States, that although the
Comptroller of the Treasury is charged with
the duty of seeing that accounts presented for
payment are in accordance with law, yet when
the head of a Department has issued an order
for the payment of an account this supervising
officer is utterly powerless to prevent the pay-
ment of the account ?
And now, sir, I wish to call attention to the
law and the practice, both in the Court of Claims
and in the accounting offices of the Govern-
ment. The original act establishing the Court
of Claims, approved February 24, 1855, con-
ferred upon this court the power—
" To hear and determine all claims founded upon
any law of Congress, or upon any regulation of an
executive department, or upon any contract, express
or implied, with the Government."
By amendatory acts the number of the judges
has been increased and the powers conferred
vastly augmented; and among the rest the
power to settle the enormons and anomalous
cotton claims, which sprang np all over the
land during and since the war from the '* writ-
ten permits " of the Secretary of the Treasury,
realizing in modern days the fable of Cadmus ;
for wheresoever these " letters-missive" were
cast there have, in truth, sprang forth " armed
men," striving to capture the Treasury and
override the powers and resources of the Gov-
ernment. And, sir, I bat express the honest
conviction of every man familiar with the
enormous business and responsibility of the
honorable gentlemen who preside in this court
when I assert that the country is largely in-
debted to the diligence, patriotism, and integ-
rity of the judges of the Court of Claims for
bringing order out of confusion, and protect-
ing an exhausted Treasury from the bold exac-
tions of illegal and disloyal claimants. Espe-
cially is this conduct worthy of the attention of
this House and the country when it is remem-
bered that the great mass of the claims pre-
sented for their adjudication have arisen, not
from specific provisions of law, but from per-
mits, orders, and regulations of officers and
heads of Departments. Every member of this
House is advised, or shonld be advised, that in
the present condition of the law and the decis-
ions of the Supreme Court neither the Court
of Claims , nor the proper aooounting officers
of the Government have any power to overrule
or call in question the orders of the heads of
Departments for the payments or disburse-
ments of money, whether the same is author-
ized by specific law or not.
I confess, sir, that I bad listened with some
surprise to allusions made in this House to the
effect that there were, or could be, payments
or disbursements made by the Government
without any authority of law. I had supposed
that the accounting officers and Comptrollers
of the Treasury, as well as this Court ot Claims,
were expressly provided to supervise all claims,
and to certify whether or not any proposed
payments were in accordance with existing
laws, and that their decision of the law of the
case was final and conclusive in all the De-
partments of the Government. And knowing
the high character of these officers for integrity
and ability I had wondered at the assertion
that payments and disbursements to a large
anionnt had been or could be passed by them
without the sanction of express provisions of
law. I had been surprised at the charge which
has been made that the increase of pay to all
naval officers of thirty-three and one third per
cent., amounting to several million dollars,
was entirely without authority of legal enact-
ment ; and that all these accounts, with this
vast addition, were passed by the Auditor aud
Comptroller by virtue of an order of Depart-
ment, and the money paid thereon without
other authority.
Mr. Chairman, if this be as asserted, if the
Auditor and Comptroller, in apparent violation
of law, have and can pass such accounts, and
this court can enforce their adjudication, and
this has been permitted aud acquiesced in for
a long series of years without check and with-
out remonstrance from Congress, 1 was desir-
ous of ascertaining for what reason, and how,
and why it was done ? And upon inquiry I
found that by adecisiouof the Supreme Court
of the United States neither the Auditor nor
the Comptroller had any power to revise or
control the orders or action of the heads of
Departments. In the language of the decision
referred to—
" The accounting officers of the Treasury have not
the burden of responsibility east upon them of revis-
ing the judgments, correcting the supposed mis-
takes, or annulling the orders of the heads of
Departments."
The decision from which I quote was ren-
dered as long ago as December, 1855, in the
case of the United States vs. Ap Catesby
Jones, and is reported in 18 Howard, page 92.
And from that day to this, Congress, with a
most profound respect for the doctrine "store
decisis," has by silence, by acquiescence at
least, sanctioned this practice, permitted this
innovation upon the rights and upon the duties
also of the accounting officers of the Govern-
ment, and exhausted its office in this direction
in occasional complainings from individual
members that somewhere something "is rotten
in Denmark." Why, sir, should we blame the
heads of Departments, in the absenceof express
law, if under the decision of the highest tribunal
of the land, they exercise the permitted powers
of compensatory legislation? Why criticise
the faithful officers of the accounting bureaus
for neglect of duty if, under a rule of court,
they are powerless to perform the duties which
you require at their hands ? Why have fifteen
years passed away since Congress was advised
of this opinion of the court without some re-
medial legislation ? Why does not Congress pass
the proper laws ? Why not provide by special
enactment for all expenditure, all salaries, all
rations, all compensation on land and on sea,
at home and abroad, by a fixed rule? Why
leave the expenditures of the Government to
construction, to caprice, to private judgment?
Does it comport with either the duty or the dig-
nity of Congress that energetic officials should
execute the unlegalized will of the nation, ap-
portion the compensations for service, determ-
ine the eqaities of expenditure, vindicate the
liberality or economy of the Government; and
that the law-makers of the nation should, like
weary camp-followers, straggle along the track
of the people's progress, overburdened with
deficiency bills, and gathering up the cast-off
experience of the Executive and the people in
their onward march to the sea ?
Sir, I am convinced that a careful revision
of the laws and appropriate legislation for this
branch of the public service will remedy many
evils, retrench unnecessary expenditure, relieve
many worthy and upright officers of undeserved
blame, and satisfy the country that Congress is
responsible to the popular will and observant
of the legislation proper and necessary to be
made for the vigorous and economical adminis-
tration of the Government.
I now read an extract from the decision of
the Supreme Court to which I have heretofore
referred, and also an extract from the dissent-
ing opinion of Mr. Justice Daniel in the same
case, which latter opinion, in my judgment,
embodies what should be the rule and the law,
both for the Court of Claims and for all the
accounting officers of the Government. (18
Howard Hep., pp. 95, 99, 100.)
This is the decision of the Supreme Court:
" The executive department of the Government to
which is intrusted the control of the subject-matter,
must necessarily determine all questions appertain-
ing to the employment and payment of such tem-
porary agents, and the exigency which demands their
employment. The Secretary of the Navy represents
the President, and exercises his powor on the sub-
jects confided to his Department. He is responsible
to the people and the law for any abuse of the powers
intrusted to him. His acts and decisions on subjects
submitted to his jurisdiction and control by the Con-
stitution and laws do notrequ-re the approval of'atiy
ofli«er of another Department to make them valid
and conalusivc. The accounting officers of tho 'l'reji-
ury have not the burden of responsibility cast upon
them of revising the judgments, correcting tho sup-
posed mistakes, or annulling the orders of the heads
of Departments. Wo are of opinion that he was not
And this is the dissenting opinion of Judge
Daniel :
" I know of no rule of subordination which can
juvify, much I cis demand, a departure from the law
or from integrity in obedience merely to the fact of
inferiority in the gradation of place. Bach and every
officer has his duties to perform, and is bound to
their performance with independence und good faith,
and no matter whose acts may be brought before
him, whether those of his immediate superior or one
much higher in power, he is bound to bring them all
to the test of law, and to pronounce upon all, from
the greatest to the least, by one inflexible rule—the
rule of duty; and surely when an appeal is made to
the tribunals of justicc they should recognize no
Btandard but that of the law itself."
Mr. KELSEY. I move, pro forma, to amend
the amendment by reduciug the amoant three
dollars. The Committee of the Whole, since
it has had this bill under consideration, has
made several very ferocious demonstrations
in favor of economy. We have cut down
on various little matters j we have saved the
"cheese-parings," as a gentleman on the other
side expressed it. We have gone to the coun-
try sis being more economical in such matters
than any prior Congress. Now we have come
to a point where, as I fear, we are going to
turn a short corner and go to raising salaries.
We have saved the sixpences, and now we are
going to spend the thousands. I hope the
Honse will pause a moment before entering
on such a course. I do not know how much
we have saved in these " cheese-parings,"
but I see that we are about to open a door
through which trie may lose thousands. There
are other Comptrollers, whose merits, when
we come to make appropriations for their pay,
will be proclaimed just as loudly as are the
merits of the officer whose case is now under
consideration. W'e shall be asked to treat
them all alike ; and, sir, it will be difficult to
make a satisfactory answer to that appeal.
I hope that the amendment of my friend from
Massachusetts [Mr. Btjtler] proposing to
increase tbe salary of this officer will be voted
down ; and I trust all such propositions for
an increase of salaries will be rejected except
in cases where there is an absolute necessity
foi' such increase.
