1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5187
Iowa [Mr. McCrary] permit me to say some-
thing ?
Mr. McCRARY. It is my purpose now to
call the previous question.
Mr. COBURN. I would like to have the
floor awhile before the previous question is
called.
Mr. McCRARY. It is entirely immaterial
to me personally. I had supposed, however,
that three hours' discussion of this case at this
time of the session was about as much as the
House would be willing to give. With that view
I propose now to move the previous question,
each side having now had one hour. After tiie
previous question shall have been sustained I
propose to give half of the remaining hour to
the contestant in this case. Before doing so I
move to fill the blank in the second resolution
with " $5,000so that it will read;
Resolved, That Sidney M. Barnes, having contested
the seat of Hon. George M. Adams as a Representa-
tive in this House from the eighth district of Ken-
tucky, in good faith and with probable cause, there
shall be paid to him out of the contingent fund of
the House of Representatives the sum of $5,000 in
full for his expenses in such contest.
I now call the previous question on the
report of the Committee of Elections.
Mr. COBURN". I ask unanimous consent
to make a single remark. It is just this: this
has beeu a long-continued contest, and it
involves very important questions. I think
no more important questions could possibly
be involved in any election case than are
involved in this case, going to the very found-
ation of some of the very measures of recon-
struction and the principles upon which we
have reorganized the Government since the
war; and I think before the House shall act
finally upon a matter of this kind there should
be a deliberate discussion. I think the con-
testant should he heard as well as those who
support the report of the committee. I do not
desire a long time myself, not more than ten
or fifteen minutes. I have not heretofore
troubled the House much with anything I have
said.
Mr. MAYNARD. I understood that a re-
quest had been made on behalf of the contest-
ant to have allowed him an opportunity to
address the House. The gentleman from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Paine,] the chairman of the
Committee of Elections, told me that he would
make such a request.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. No request
of that kind has yet been made.
Mr. McCRARY. I will yield to the contest-
ant one half of the time to which I will be
entitled after the call for the previous question
shall have been sustained.
In reply to what the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Coburn] has said, I ought perhaps to
say that this case, although important, pre-
sents questions that are easily understood, as
gentlemen can tell from the discussion which
has been had. I think that another hour will
be all that is needed for this question.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the previous ques-
tion will not be seconded until the contestant
can be heard.
The question was taken upon seconding the
previous question; and upon a division there
were—ayes 67, noes 21; no quorum voting.
Mr. MAYNARD. I now make the applica-
tion for the contestant to have leave to address
the House. I trust there will be no objection.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That cannot
now be entertained except by unanimous con-
sent. The House is dividing upon seconding
the call for the previous question. No quorum
having voted, the gentleman from Iowa, Mr.
McCrary, and the gentleman from Tennessee,
Mr. Maynard, will act as tellers.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 hope the contestant
will be heard.
Mr. McCRARY. Each side of this case
having already occupied one hour, I propose
after the call for the previous question shall
have been sustained to yield one half of the
hour to which I shall then be entitled to those
who support the side of the contestant, and
reserve the other half hour for those who favor
the report of the committee.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes eighty-one,
noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered.
Mr. McCRARY. I ask unanimous consent
of the House that the contestant may be heard
for such time as he may wish to speak, not
exceeding half an hour. I do not know that
he requests this.
Mr. MAYNARD. The contestant has said
to me that he has prepared his ease for pre-
sentation to the House in such a way that he
will not be able, as he thinks, to do the House
or the case justice in half an hour ; and hence
unless a longer time can be allowed him he
will forego the privilege which the gentleman
asks for him.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Iowa [Mr. McCrary] asks unani-
mous consent that the contestant may be heard
for half an hour.
Mr. MAYNARD. During the many years
that I have served as a member of the House
I have never seen denied to any contestant the
courtesy of being allowed to speak for at least
one hour.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question
is not debatable. Is there objection to allow-
ing the contestant one half hour for the discus-
sion of this case?
Mr. McCRAIlY. Is that to come out of the
hour to which I am entitled?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. TIig Chair
understood the gentleman to say that he would
yield one half of his hour to the contestant if
the House'would give consent.
Mr. COBURN. Why not give an additional
hour by unanimous consent?
Mr. AMBLER. If that is the understand-
ing I object.
The SPEAKER^jro tempore. The Chair
understands that the gentleman from Iowanow
on the floor is willing to yield to the contestant
one half hour, but a person not a member of
the House cannot speak without unanimous
consent.
Mr. MAYNARD. I appeal to the House to
hear the contestant for one half hour, outside
of the hour of the gentleman from Iowa.
Mr. McCRARY. I think that would hardly
be fair to the sitting member. I would not
object if the sitting member is to be allowed the
same time as the contestant.
Mr. MAYNARD. There would certainly
be 110 objection on my part, and I presume
none on the part of others who advocate the
interests of the contestant, that the contestee
should be heard for the same length of time.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Tennessee asks unanimous consent
that half an hour, outside of the hour of the
gentleman from Iowa, be allowed to the con-
testant, so that he may speak for an hour.
Mr. AMBLER. I object.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Iowa now yields for half an hour to
the contestant, Mr. Barnes, who has the right
to address the House if he sees fit.
Mr. COBURN. Mr. Speaker, I had hoped
that due time would be allowed to discuss this
case. As for myself I desire to say but few
words.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. McCrary] yield
to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Goburx?]
Mr. McCRARY. I do, if the contestant so
elects."
Mr. COBURN. The contestant has informed
me that he declined to speak for half an hour;
that it would be impossible for him to discuss
his case properly in that time; and any one
who will look at the voluminous record and at
the report of the committee will see at once
that it is impossible to discuss a case of this
magnitude in anything like half an hour.
Colonel Barnes, the contestant, is, in my
opinion, entitled to the seat. I cannot review
the whole case, nor discuss the questions in-
volved fully. The testimony is remarkably
full and couid not be reviewed in hours; but
while this is the case, the discussion of a few
points may settle the whole matter.,
The official report shows that 20,184 votes
were cast. Of these Adams got 10,323 votes
and Barnes got 9,8G1 votes, making the ma-
jority for Adams 402 votes.
The question arises, is the real and lawful
majority for Adams?
In this case the contestant contends that
certain election officers were disqualified by
the statutes of Kentucky, and a large number
of the votes given at this election were received
and counted by such officers. That of 1858
provides that of the four election officers two
shall be of one party and two of the other,
while there are two parties in the State, if there
be a sufficient number of the members of each
political party resident in the several precincts
to fill said offices. The object of this law is
plain. It is to prevent either party from hav-
ing under its control the elections and subvert-
ing the will of the people by favoritism, par-
tiality, or fraud. It is t,o preserve the purity
of elections and keep them from the control
of partisan hands.
The statute of 1862 provides that in constru-
ing the foregoing act of 1858, to which it is an
amendment, those who have been engaged in
the rebellion for the overthrow of the Govern-
ment, or who have in any way aided, coun-
seled, or advised the separation of Kentucky
from the Federal Union by force of arms, or
adhered to those engaged in the effort to sepa-
rate her from the Federal Union by force of
arms, shall not be deemed one of the political
parties in Kentucky within the provisions of
the aet relating to election officers.
This evidently was intended to exclude every
person of the classes named from the positions
of election officers. The polls were not to be
trusted in the hands of those who had rebelled
against the law, who were guilty of treason,
who had attempted the overthrow of the Gov-
ernment. In their hands this law says the
conduct of elections is unsafe, and that none
but the friends of the country, none but Union
men, none but patriotic men shall have charge
of elections; that "those persons" tainted
with rebellion shall stand aloof, shall not be
counted as belonging to either party so as to
be enabled to be election officers.
The committee draw a tine distinction in
relation to this matter. They say this statute
only applies to the secession party of Ken-
t,ucis;y ; that it was not intended to apply to the
Democratic party or to the Republican party.
So, if the construction of the committee is true,
in that State under that statute a man might
be a rebel, he might be an enemy of the coun-
try, he might have fought the battles of trea-
son, he might have done anything whatever;
but if he did not belong to the secession party,
he was authorized under the statute, during
the war or since the war, or at any time, to act
as an election officer.
Why, Mr. Speaker, what was the objeet of
this statute? Was it simply to keep men be-
longing to the secession party away from the
polls and prevent them from holding the posi-
tions of election officers? No, sir; but it
applied to the moral taint of treason which
attached to every man who was an enemy of
the country, whether he belonged to the Dem-
ocratic party, or the Republican party, or the
secession party, or no party at all. It was
personal and applied to the man. It was an
individual disqualification, and there is no
sound reason for any construction but that.
What sense is there in saying that a man
who is admitted to be a rebel and a traitor is
competent to act as an officer of election, and
then in turning about and saying that someone
belonging to the secession party is incompe-
tent, although he may not have carried his
