1412
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
$116,000,000 of claims hat year, gets only
$1,800 a year.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to say that I supposed i
so myself and inquired of the Secretary, and I .
find that there are several heads of division in j
this bureau who get $'2,500.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I with-
draw the amendment,
The Clerk read as follows:
For compensation of the Auditor of the Treasury
for the Pbst Office Department. $3,000; chief clerk,
$2,06j; nine clerks of class four, additional to one
clerk of class four as disbursing clerk, $200: forty
clerk* of class three, sixty-four olerks of class two,
thirty-««vqu clerlu of olass one. one messenger, one
assistant mwsenger, and ten laborers, $228,140.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desired to move to
increase the salary of the Auditor for the Post
Office Department from $8,000 to $4,000; bat
oa the principle that'' half a loaf is better than
no bread," 1 more to strike out "$8,000" and
insert "$3,500." I hope the House will agree
to that small increase. Every gentleman knows
that there has been a great increase in the
duties of this office since 1836, when tbe salary
was fixed, and it must be recollected that bow
the income tax is deducted, so that he actually
receives less than his predecessors did. I sub-
mit to the candid judgment of every gentleman
that the increase which I now ask for is not
unreasonable, is not unfair, is not incommen-
surate with the increase of salary which has
been granted to officers of inferior capacity.
Mr. DA WES. All the arguments heretofore
presented on the one side or the other about
raising salaries apply to this case, and I do not
desire to debate it farther. I hope the amend-
ment will not prevail.
The amendment was rejected.
The Clerk read as follows:
Por compensation of the Treasurer of the United
States, $6,500; Assistant Treasurer, $2,800; cashier,
$2,800; assistant cashier, $2,500; five chiefs of divis-
ion, at $2,200 each; two principal book-keepers,
f2^00 each; tiro tellers, $2,200 each; one chief clerk,
$2,000; two assistan 11 ell era, $2,000 each; fifteen clerks
•f class four, fifteen clerks of class three, eleven
clerks of class two, nine clerks of class one, sixty
female clerk*. $54,060; fifteen messengers, five male
laborers, at $720 each, and seven female laborers, at
$240 each : in all, $189,480.
Mr. ARNELL. I move to amend that para-
graph by striking out in line four hundred and
nineteen "$240" and inserting "$720" in
lien thereof. My reason for making that mo-
tion is that I find in lines four hundred and
seventeen and four hundred and eighteen a pro-
vision for male laborers at $720 each, and
immediately afterward in this clause " seven
female laborers, at $240 each." Now, to my
mind there is very great injustice in that dis-
tinction ; either the male laborers receive too
much or the female laborers receive too little.
I find also that the pay of male laborers was
originally $600. It was subsequently increased;
ana I think tbe same rule should apply here.
Mr. DAWES. I have already stated that
this is just what the Treasurer asks as com-
pensation for the laborers in his office, and tbe
reason why he does not propose to give these
female laborers any more than he has asked is
because there is an abundance of female labor
at that price throughout the city. Some of
these persons are employed all the time, and
some only a part of the time. Tbey do only a
particular work at particular seasons, and un-
less we are disposed to give to these persons
without any limit except the dictates of onr own
hearts we must have some rule about it
Mr. ARNELL. I would ask the gentleman
if male laborers are not equally plentiful? It
does not seem to me that nig argameat holds
good.
Mr. DAWES. The question of supply and
demand is one that I have not looked into as
much as, perhaps, I ought to have done. Bat
the trouble with the gentleman is that be seems
to think that the male laborers get too much.
That, however, does no* affect these persons.
If he wants to move to strike the others down
I will wait till he makes that motion. But if
the only argument which the gentleman has to
rapport this amendment is that somebody else
gets more, why then I need not answer it.
Mr. ARNELL. At the proper time, if the
gentleman will allow me, I will make a motion
to reduce the salaries of the others if this
amendment does not prevail.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will ascertain
that very soon.
Mr.ROGERS. I desire to oppose the amend-
ment. I shall not vote for it for tbe reason
that I am opposed to this whole system of em-
ploying females about the public buildings. I
would strike out any such provision j it is de-
moralising and corrupting. These ladies should
go somewhere else where they can gain a liv-
ing in a manner better calculated to elevate
them and the race to which they belong. I
have noticed the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Arnell] in his anxietv about these
females. While I commend his gallantry, I
cannot but think that his judgment has been
at faalt in this matter.
Mr. ARNELL. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. ROGERS. Most certainly.
Mr. ARNELL. Whom would the gentleman
employ to wash and mop the floors and sweep
out the rooms?
Mr. ROGERS. I will answer the gentle-
man. There are plenty of men in the city who
would do it; colored men, white men, and for
aught I know, yellow men; plenty of them.
I would send these women home and give them
husbands if I could, and let them go to doing
something for their country, [great laughter, J
instead of being about the public buildings
here.
I apprehend that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, in recommending this amount of pay, was
governed, as is the gentleman who has this bill
in charge, by the amount of labor to be per-
formed and by the supply of laborers; ana if
he is to retain this kind of labor, to which I am
opposed, then let it be paid in proportion to the
supply. I apprehend that these $240 women
here are those who do the sweeping and mop-
ping about the rooms and corridors of these
buildings, and I think $240 each is ample, if
you must have them at all, though I am opposed
to this kind of thing in any shape.
The question was upon increasing the com-
pensation of "female laborers" from $240 to
$720.
The question was taken; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 20, noes 67; no quorum
voting.
Mr. ARNELL. I call for tellers.
The CHAIRMAN. As there wasno quorum
voting the Chair will order tellers.
Mr. STEVENSON. A question of order.
Would it not be in order, by genend con-
sent, to take the yeas and nays on this ques-
tion?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot rule
on any such question of order as that.
Mr. MAYNARD. If the Committee of
the Whole would allow this amendment to be
j adopted pro forma, we could then have a vote
j upon it in the House by yeas and nays,
i The CHAIRMAN. It is for the committee
to decide whether the amendment shall be
adopted or not. No quorum voted on the last
vote. The Chair will order tellers, and appoint
the gentleman from Tennessee, Mr. Arnell,
and the gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Steven-
! son, to act as such.
i Mr. DAWES. I rise to a point of order.
I . The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will
| state his point of order.
Mr. DAWES. I have entire confidence in
the two gentlemen the Chair has named, but
I believe the rule is to appoint as tellers on
any question, gentlemen from different sides.
Mr. STEVENSON. 1 was about to sug-
gest to the Chair that the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Arnell] and myself are On
the same side on this question.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair Was not
aware of that. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, Mr. Dawes, will please act in place
of the gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Stevenson.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 33, noes 84.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move to amend the
clause in regard to the compensation of female
laborers by striking out44 $240 " and inserting
" $300." I do not know why the precise sum
of $240 was fixed upon here.
Mr. DAWES. 1 will state to the gentleman
that is precisely what was asked.
Mr. STEVENSON. Precisely $240?
Mr. DAWES. Yes ; that is just what was
asked by those who employ these female labor-
ers. W hy should we give them more than they
liftvo ftsked ?
Mr. STEVENSON. The chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations [Mr. Dawes]
does not state the matter exactly fairly. He
askB why should we give more than has been
asked. It is not the female laborers who say
what they want; but it is the Department which
Says it wants to pay the female laborers so much,
which is a very different thing. 1 do not sup-
pose they would object to taking $300.
Mr. DAWES. Doesthegentlemanknowhow
long they work—how many days in the week ?
Mr. STEVENSON. I do not.
Mr. DAWES. And can the gentleman in-
telligently fix their pay if he does not know
how much work they do ?
Mr. STEVENSON. No, sir; I cannot.
Mr. DAWES. Does the gentleman think
he can fix it as intelligently as the officer who
employs them?
Mr. STEVENSON. I can fix it more liber-
ally. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. That is not what I asked.
Mr. STEVENSON. I do not know that I
can intelligently settle this questiou ; but I can
submit an intelligent proposition, which I trust
the very intelligent gentleman from Massa-
chusetts can intelligently discuss. [Laughter. ]
Mr. DAWES. Now we shall see. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENSON. Now, Mr. Chairman,
I make this proposition (Seriously. It is but a
small increase in the right direction. 1 do
not know how much work these women do;
but I do know that as a general thing women
who work for this Government or for pri-
vate individuals or for corporations do not
get enough for their work. I am in favor
of a reform in that respect, and I would like
to have in this committee a vote tending even
in so slight a degree in the right direction.
I think there can be no very good reason
why the pay in this particular case should be
fixed at precisely $240. Besides I do not like
the expression "two-forty." _ [Laughter.] It
smacks too much of sporting. We are on
serious business here. Three hundred dollars
cannot be much too high pay for these female
employes; and it is worth at least the differ-
ence for us now to indicate a disposition to
take a step in the right direction. Gentlemen
may well be uneasy on this question. The
chairman of the Committee of the Whole may
well be indignant at the proposition to ask for
tbe yeas and nays. There mat well be admo-
nitions to gentlemen on this floor as to the
vote which they may give on this question. I
say to my fellow-members here that unless we
begin to dd justice toward the" better half"
of this Republic some of us will before many
years find the seats wei ow grace filled in a yet
more jgraceful manner.
Mr. HOAR. I desire to submit an amend-
ment whieh I think will certainly obviate the
objection which my colleague [Mr. Dawes]
has raised to the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. SteVknson.] It is to add to
the pending paragraph the following:
Provided, That whenever in the opinion of the
Secretary of the Treasury thq work done by a clerK
or laborer in one class can be as well and properly
done by aclerk or laborer of a lower class,or receiv-
ing a lower rate of pay, such clerk or laborer ol tne
lower class, or receiving a lower rato, snail tie sud-
i stttated, without distinction of nx.
