5188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
treason to one fourth the extent of another
man who belongs to the Democratic party? I
ask gentlemen to look at the statute and then
consider well the construction put upon it by
the Committee of Elections. No legal provis-
ion could be plainer or more just and reason-
able. Why should the* enemies, or those •who
have been enemies of the country s be permitted
to hold these important positions while there
are plenty of sound, loyal, true men who can ?
These persons, then, were disqualified by law
from acting as such officers. How many of
this number acted in point of fact, and where?
I have selected such as the evidence shows
were of the excluded class. At some of these
precincts Adams received a majority, at others
Barnes did. I will first point out those at which
Adams received a majority:
Mill Springs 225
Bent Buck Crock 33
Point Isabel  27
Crawford's prceinct    57
Jackson 23
George's Branch   li
ISllicottsvillo   4:3
Crockettsvillo  2(j
Troublesome  23
Troublesome  4(5
Lcathwood 11
Lost Crook 2£
Compton 78
Cliffy    2L
JIazle Green    55
ProcinctNo. 4   
.Precinct No. 2 1(3
Oornsfork.,   97
Mouth Rock House  72
Total of Adams's losses by reason oT rebel elec-
tion officers 006
On the other hand Barnes loses for the same
cause, as follows:
Juggernaut   00
Strait Creek 33
Iudian Creek   -U>
Campbells     oD
Wkitesburg 5j
Total of Barnes's losses by reason of rebol elec-
tion officers 237
Adams loses thus all his majority and 205
more; for add up his official majority, 402, and
Barnes's losses, 237, and it makes 099 majority,
from which is to be deducted 906, what he
loses by rebel election officers, leaving him
minus 205 votes. But the committee reduce
Adams's majority to 332 votes instead of the
official count, 462, which increases his deficit
130 votes, and makes it in all 335 votes, which,
without looking one step further, gives Barnes
the election by 835 votes.
Now, this is a plain and simple statement of
the law and facts bearing upon it.
Now, to avoid the conclusion I have come
to in relation to this statute, that it prohibits
rebels acting as election officers, what do the
committee say ? They say this statute of 1802
is obsolete, is of no effect. Why is it of no
effect? Has it been repealed? Has it been
abrogated? Has it been annulled by any other
statute? Not at all. How did it become obso-
lete? Why, because the secession party had
died out; because they became Conservatives
or Democrats; that, having given up their
organization as secessionists, the law does not
apply to any one of them who may have become
a Democrat; that any rebel or any traitor might
become an election officer, although flagrant
war may have been existing at the time and the
very life of the nation in peril.
Now, sir, this law i3 not obsolete, although
there may be no secession party. This law is
personal in its application, as I have said before,
and it is intended for men who were rebels and
who engaged in treason against the Govern-
ment. It is directed against those men who
are morally disqualified, and it denies to them
expressly having anything to do with touching
i lie election polls, the sacred palladium of the
liberties of this country. This law is founded
upon principle, and not aimed at a mere seces-
sion organization.
What would be the affect if the construction
of the committee was carried out? What would
be the effect upon the party in Kentucky? It
would be merely to drive everybody out of the
secession party without changing their senti-
ments, and if any one wanted to hold the posi-
tion of election officer he would turn Dem-
ocrat, holding fast to his principles. Would
that change the attitude of any of them toward
the Government? The disqualification of the
law would amount to nothing, for, according
to the construction of the committee, to enable
a rebel and traitor to hold the position of elec-
tion officer all he would have to do would be
to abandon the secession organization. It
would seem preposterous that the committee
could have taken any such position if it were
not printed in their report.
Our laws deal with persons, not parties. If
the argument of the committee is true, then
the moment the war was over the law became
void, and, becoming so, the traitor at once
became a loyal, capable, trustworthy citizen,
fully fitted, at once, to become a Kentucky
election officer. The secession party was dead,
and with it all the stains and disabilities of
rebellion were instantly wiped out forever, and
the rebel took his position as a loyal man.
Nowhere else has such a doctrine been pro-
mulgated by Union men. This is good Dem-
ocratic doctrine. This is good Johnson doc-
trine, but no Republican has thought so. And
this has been the vital question atissuebetween
the two parties for five years ; one side declar-
ing that when the war was over all the rights
of citizenship were fully restored, the other
declaring that disabilities existed needing re-
moval. that disorganization existed needing
reconstruction.
The committee say the law was made to
exclude the members of a third party from
positions as election officers, and no others.
The truth is, that there were rebels in all the
political parties of Kentucky; the Union man
of to-day became a rebel to-morrow; the loy-
alist to-day nest week was disloyal; many who
began for the Union ended for rebellion. The
slavery question largely and seriously affected
the standing of many Republican Union men
who were ardently for the Union in the begin-
ning. They voted with the Union party and
then assisted the rebels. They had early in
the war tried to save the Union with slavery,
and finding that they could not, tried to save
slavery by aiding rebellion. Thousands of such
men live to day in Kentucky who claim to have
belonged to the Union party and to liavevoted
that ticket at the time when, and long after this
law was passed, and who to-day are Democrats
and went off to that party on the slavery ques-
tion, doing their best for rebellion until the
war ended.
Now, these men did not necessarily go into
the Secession party, as it is called by this com-
mittee ; the Democratic party was good enough
rebel party for them; good enough secession
party for them; was the great organization
around which clung and clustered all the hopes
of the rebels of the South as well as the North.
That was the party to which the rebels looked
to obtain control in the councils of the nation
and then make their terms and divide and par-
cel out this great Republic. That was the
party which pronounced the war a failure and
its victims as brought to a causeless end by
Republican misrule; that was the party that
was to rise up in the North and put down the
war, make peace, withdraw the troops, and do
for rebellion all that it had failed to accom-
plish by arms. That party then held in its
folds the marrow, the essence, the vital forces
of rebellion; it was the foster-mother of civil
war; it led off in bitter and vehement opposi-
tion to the Government, and men did not have
to go out of it to find the most resolute and
sinful rebellion in the land. And this law of
1862 was made for the very men who were
found in thousands inside of this party, who
always belonged to it, and who never left it to
go into rebellion; for it was rebellion in and
of itself.
Let me now call the attention of the House
to the remarkable language of this committee,
at page 4 of their report. They say:
"It is a well known fact in thehistory of tho coun-
try that in 1862 there existed in Kentucky three par-
ties, namely, the Union party, which was in favor of
raising men and money in that State for the suppres-
sion of the rebellion; the Democratic party, which
was opposed to taking any part in the struggle, and
in favor of neutrality; and the secession party, which
favored tho lebeliion, and urged the separation of
Kentucky from the Union by force of arms. The
purpose of tho act of 1882 was to prevent theseleetion
of election officers from the ranks of this third party,
and confine tho selection to the two former.
"When this party ceased to exist, and the persons
who belonged to it became merged in other political
organizations, tho act became obsolete."
Now, there is the astonishing statement made
by a Republican committee of this House, by
men who are friends of the Union, that there
existed those three parties in Kentucky. One
a Union party, another a party that was in
favor of neutrality and opposed to taking any
part in the struggle, and the third a secession
and rebellious party. Why, when was it ever
before acknowledged by a Union'man that to
stand neutral in the war was not rebellion?
When before was it ever published by a Repub-
lican committee, and by Union men anywhere
in this country, that the man who could stand
silently by and see the grand flag of the country
torn down when the storm of war was wildly
raging over the country, and men were hurry-
ing to the field from Texas to Maine, that the
man who was thus "neutral" was not a rebel
and an enemy to his country ?
Mr. ELDlilDGE. If the gentleman will
allow me I will answer his question.
Mr. COBURN. I have not time in my fif-
teen minutes to yield. The gentleman can
answer when he obtains the floor himself.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to remind the
gentleman that Horace Greeley said to the
southern States, "Depart in peace."
Mr. COBURN. I do not believe that Mr.
Greeley said so at any time since the war began ;
and if he did, he did not, in making such a
statement, represent any respectable portion
of the Republican party. I say there is no
respectable man in the Republican party who
during the war or since the war has taken this
position ; nay, further, I say there is no respect-
able Democrat who would dare get up on this
floor and say so; even the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge] would not dare to
get up and say here that to be a neutral in the
war of the rebellion was not to be opposed to
this Government.
And yet this committee to-day come here
and recognize the doctrine which the rebels
tried to enforce at the beginning of the war,
that it was a contest in which there might be
neutrality.
Had some rebel said this it would not have
been surprising, because such persons always
have insisted that they were under no obliga-
tion to fight for the Union, and that they had
a right to remain neutral or light against the
Union as a matter of free choice. The com-
mittee say there were three parties in Kentucky
at that time, and that one of them was the Dem-
ocratic party, which was in favor of neutrality.
And what was neutrality but treason? What
was neutrality but rebellion? What was neu-
trality than but civil death to the nation?
When the clamors for war were heard in all the
southern coasts, and armed men were gath-
ering in every county and village; when the .
boats that floated down the Mississippi past
the Kentucky line were seized and 'held as
prizes of war ; when the railroads south of her
lines were intercepted ; when the very mount-
ain passes were locked and patroled by armed
men; when forts, ships, arsenals, Government
property, everything South was seized bythose
who would overthrow the Government,.who
declared they would not, if they were allowed
to dictate the terms of union on blank paper,
do so; when the East, North, and West -were
rising up, as a giant from his slumbers, to
save the threatened Constitution ; when every
