THE) CONGRESSIONAL G&OBE.
- May 9,
dred and seventeen, td increase the appropria-
tion " for incidental and contingent expenses,
?neluding repairs and wastage," at the Denver
branch mint, from $3,000 to $6,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask the Clerk
to go back to pa?c 28.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine now desires to go bafck to page 28.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. On page 28, line
six hnndred and sixty-three, in the appropria-
tion for the depositary at Santa F6, it will be
seen an amendment was made reducing the
sum appropriated for one watchman from $840
to $720, but the aggregate is not changed. It
stands in the bill at $4,040. It should be
amended so as to read "$3,920."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amend-
ment, which is rendered necessary by the pre-
vious amendment, will be made, reducing the
aggregate appropriation to $8,920. The Sec-
retary trill now resume the reading of the bill,
on page 30, line seven hundred and twenty-
eight.
The Secretary resumed the reading of the
bill.
The next amendment was after line seven
hundred ahd eighty-seven, to insert among the
appropriations for the Territory of New Mex-
ico, "for compensation and mileage of mem-
bers of the Legislative Assembly and contin-
gent expenses for the year ending Jnne 30,
1870, $5,000."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine.. That amend-
ment should be disagreed to. That item has
; 1 ready gone into the deficiency bill.
.The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was in the appropria-
tions for the Department of the Interior, after
"two assistant messengers," inline eight hun-
dred and thirteen, to insert "at $720 each."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eight hun-
dred and fifteen, to increase the amount appro-
priatedforthe compensation of the Secretary
-of the.Interior and the clcrks and employes in
his office from $37,500 to $37,540.
The amendment was agreed to.
- -  Tfre next amendment was to strike Out in the
clause Making appropriations for the Bureau
of Education the following words, from line
•eight hundred and nineteen to line eight hun-
dred awl twenty-six:
el e k at $1,809; one clerk at $1,600; one e>erk
at $1,400; one i&ceaeftger at $840; stationery, $600:
library, $1,000; collecting statistics and writing and
compiling matter for annual and special reports,
$3,000; coiktmgenaieB, $1,280; in all, $14,50%
And in lieu thereof to insert:
-' And two olerks of olMs cme; in all $5,400.
So as to make the clause read:
For Commissioner of Education, $3,000; and two
clerks of class one; in all'$5,400.
Mr, DRAKE. I would inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations for
the reason which governed the committee in
striking out sa much of the section as they
report in favor of Btriking ont.
Mr. SUMNER. Which section is that?
, Mr. DRAKE. Beginning at line eight hun-
dred and seventeen, on page 34 of the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I intended to ask that same
question myself. I deplore that action of the
committee.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The committee
struck it out to make it conform to the provis-
ions Of the law as it now stands. Last year
Congress repealed the act establishing a depart-
ment of education, except that the provision
which is in the bill as it now stands presented
by the committee was provided for. It re-
pealed thfe law establishing a department of
education knd made it a bureau attached to the
Interior Department. As the appropriation
now stands, as reported by the Committee on
'Appropriations, it conforms to the action of
Congress last year.
Mr. DRAKE. I will state that there is
tibthiftg in the fact that the organization of
that department wiB changed last year which
makes it at all necessary to cut down this appro-
priation. If I remember aright—not having
before me just at this moment the papers that
I have on the subject; they are at my house—
the section as it stood, as it came from the
House without the amendment, was that which
has heretofore been passed repeatedly in con-
nection with this department, and that tha
amendment which the Committee on Appro-
priations now desires to have made is simply
to put it in the attitude it was last year, and
which was made by the act repealing the de-
partment of education and constituting it a
bureau of the Interior Department.
Mr. President, we all know perfectly well
iow and why it was that the change was made
in the organization of this department, and we
all understand perfectly well that if this Bureau
of Education is to be composed simply of a
Commissioner and two clerks it had better a
great deal be abolished at once. It is utterly
without any us® to the Government when it is
composed of nothing but a Commissioner with
but two clerks. I think it would be better that
the whole thing should be wiped out from the
statute-book than that it should bs reduced to
such a shadow as that.
The subject came up in the House of Repre-
sentatives just as it did here. The committee
there reported it in its skeleton form, as the
committee here desire it to be left. But when
the matter was brought before the House, and
properly stated to them, the House inserted
the clause as it came to us, and the committee
now desire it to be amended so as to throw it
back to what it was at first there.
If there is any value at all in a bureau of
education—and manifestly Congress consid-
ered that there was value in it, or it never would
have been established—then let us put it upon
that foundation which will enable it to fulfill the
beneficent purposes for which it was intended.
It cannot do so, I am informed by the newly
appointed Commissioner of Education, with
any such force as himself and two clerks. It
is utterly in vain to attempt to do anything of
real value to the Government or the country
upon such a force as that.
Now, Mr. President, it is no objection tp an
appropriation that there is not an existing law
creating the subject to which that appropri-
ation is to be applied. I would inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
whether this is the only case in this appropri-
ation bill where an appropriation is made with-
out an existing law to sustain it?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will the Senator
repeat the inquiry ?
Mr. DRAKE. My inqairy is, whether this
is the only case in this appropriation-bill where
an appropriation is proposed to be made with-
out having a statute upon the statute-book on
which to base it?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Probably not,
though I do not recall any to my mind at the
present moment.
Mr. DRAKE. I have learned ever since I
came into the Senate that offices are created
and continued from year to year by the mere
fact of an appropriation being on the statute-
book without any statute formally creating the
office. I venture to say that in a score of
instances you can find in this very bill appro-
priations made which have no foundation in
any existing law whatever. The Senator from
Maine on my right [Mr. Hamlin] says he can
point toe to some.
I do not understand the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations or the commit-
tee to be hostile to this bureau as an integral
part of the machinery of the Government, but
only to strike out all of this clerical force and
to reduce it down to zero simply because there
is dot a law somewhere authorizing the specific
clerical force. I do not understand the chair-
man of the committee to be opposed to the
interests of education so far as they are iden-
tified with this bureau. That being the case,
ahd Congress having heretofore settled the pol-
icy, by the creation of this bureau, that the
country ought to have a bureau of education,
that the country ought to give attention to the
interests of education, I ask the Senate to dis-
agree to the amendment which has been pro- -
posed by the Committee on Appropriations,
and put this department of the governmental
machinery in proper working order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Mr. President,
there is a little history connected with this mat-
ter to which I think the attention of the Senate
ought to be directed on this occasion. Some
years ago, perhaps within the last five years,
Congress created a department of education.
Last- year in the appropriation bill that law
was repealed, and there was substituted for it a
bureau of education attached to the Interior
Department; and that is what has been appro-
priated for by this committee. This year the
House of Representatives, on the recommend-
ation, I understand, of the Committee on Ap-
propriations of that House, have added to the
bureau additional clerks, with a view of strength-
ening that service, I suppose. Now, sir, whether
that is a good thing to do or not was not a sub-
ject-matter for the Committee on Appropri-
ations to consider under the rule on which it
acts. It was enlarging very greatly the service
of a bureau established by law ; and it would
require a good deal of investigation on the part
of anybody to see whether or not that was a
proper thing to do; but whether it was or not,
admonished by the action of Congress last year
in repealing the law establishing the depart-
ment and substituting this particular bureau,
your committee thought the proper thing was
to adhere to the legislation of Congress last
year, and not take the responsibility of the
increase of this bureau so largely simply in an
act of appropriation.
Whether this bureau ought to be increased
or not I do not feel called upon to say. I
may say that I waa opposed to the repeal of
the department of education last year. If
that bill, or something like that, were before
the Senate at the present time, I should not
favor it; but I am entirely opposed to the idea
of patching up a measure of this kind. When
Congress chooses to establish a bureau of edu-
cation let it say so, and let it say so by an act
which shall not be liable to the fluctuations
and changes of an appropriation bill. Every-
body understands, who is at all familiar with
this subject, that a former appropriation does
authorize a subsequent appropriation. A par-
ticular subject having been appropriated for,
the Committee on Appropriations, other things
being equal, will consider that authority to
continue the appropriation so long as the sub-
ject lasts. Is there any friend of education
here or elsewhere who believes that if this
subject is worthy of consideration at all, and
if you are to do anything in regard to it, it is
worth while to have it floating between the
two branches, a disputed question as to what
it is or what it ought to be, simply upon an
appropriation bill ?
Now, sir, for that reason the Committee on
Appropriations on the part of the Senate said,
it is not our duty to consider this; we have
not the opportunity nor the means in any way
whatever; and therefore wewilL leave it where
the law left it last year, and submit it to the
judgment of the Senate whether it is worth
while in this temporary sort of way to legislate
upon the great question. I have sufficiently
explained the action of the committee.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President, I think the
Senator from Missouri [Mr. Drake] is under
a misapprehension as to the facts in this case.
The Bureau of Education has not in its func-
tions been materially changed by the repeal
of the act creating the department. It was an
independent bureau until the act of the last
Congress bringing it into connection with and
subordinate to the Department of the Interior,
but its function has been the same, and it has
gone on in precisely the same way. The last
