1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
101
political party the gentleman recently elected
irom the city of Alexandria professes to belong?
Mr. PAINE. I believe he belongs to the
Republican party.
Mr. ALLISON. I object to further debate.
Mr. RANDALL. Is it in order for me to
say a few words in reply to the chairman of
the Committee of Elections?
The SPEAKERS Not now, as the gentle-
man from Iowa [Mr. Allison] has objected to
further debate.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a point of
order. I understand the Committee of Elec-
tions have authority to report at any time, and
that this resolution is reported from that com-
mittee.
Mr. PAINE. The gentleman is mistaken
so far as the latter part of his proposition is
concerned.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of Elec-
tions have the right to report at any time on
matters exclusively relating to questions of
privilege. The gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Paine] did not present this as a question of
privilege; but had he done so the Chair would
have been obliged to rule that the resolution
did not involve a question of privilege.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to ask one
question in regard to tlffe merits of this ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Allison] objects to debate, and the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] asks that
the resolution be referred to the Committee
of Elections.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask whether it would lie
in order for me now to make a few remarks in
opposition to the reference of this question ?
The SPEAKER. Not so long as the gen-
tleman from Iowa objects to further debate.
Mr. FARNS VV 0 li'l' 11. I understand that
the gentleman from Iowawitlulrawsthat objec-
tion.
Mr. ALLISON. 1 withdraw my objection
for the present.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 desire to put to
the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Paine] a
question. If it should be decided that the act
receding Alexandria to the Slate of Virginia
was unconstitutional, ought we, in his opinion,
for that reason to disfranchise a whole con-
gressional district of that State which happens
to embrace Alexandria, or would that question
go to affect the eligibility of the gentleman who
happens to have been elected in that district?
Mr. PAINE. I should be very unwilling to
make any positive statement in reply to the
gentleman, because I wish to reserve to myself
the right to vote freely on the case of the sev-
enth district of Virginia. I do not see how
the gentleman's questions are pertinent to the
subject now before the House.
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Speaker, I agree with
the honorable gentleman, the chairman of the
Committee of Elections, that this is a practical
question. I assert that it raises up as against
Mr. McKenzie an issue which should not be
raised in this House, for the reason that the
retrocession of Alexandria to the State of Vir-
ginia has long ago been decided to be constitu-
tional, has been acquiesed in by the entire coun-
try, and injustice to Mr. McKenzie the question
should not now be raised to his prejudice. I
do not know to what party Mr. McKenzie be-
longs, nor do I care, but the raising of this
question is in its practical effect an act of in-
justice to him which this House should not
perpetrate. There is no question about his
loyalty; there is no excuse on that ground for
raising such an issue. There is no justification
for any such dodge, as I may_ describe it, to
keep Mr. McKenzie from serving as a Repre-
sentative of that district. Both parties in his
district acquiesced in his nomination, so far
recognizing his right to run as a candidate, and
a majority of the voters decided him eligible,
because they voted for him. Under such cir-
cumstances I think that Mr. McKenzie's en-
trance into this House asa Representative from
that district should not be obstructed by the
raising of any question of this kind. I move,
therefore, that this resolution be laid on the
table.
Mr. BURR. I rise to a question of order.
According to my recollection the House
adopted the other day, on the motion of the
chairman of the Committee of Elections, [Mr.
Paine,] a resolution referring all these Vir-
ginia cases to the Committee of Elections,
and they ate now pending, I believe, before
that committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. This is not, properly speaking,
an election case. It is an abstract resolution
relating to an independent point, and would
not fall within the rule laid down by the House
with reference to election cases.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. _ I rise to a point
of order. I objected to this resolution being
entertained.
The SPEAKER. It is too late to make
objection.
Mr. FINKELNBURU. I objected to the
introduction of the resolution, and the gentle-
man from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] moved to
suspend the rules, which motion was voted
down.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's objec-
tion comes entirely too lato to prevent the
resolution being entertained. It is before the
House. But any gentleman can prevent fur-
ther debate by a single objection. The motion
now made by the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Hamuli.,] to lay the resolution oh
the table, is not debatable.
Mr. 110LMAN. I rise to a point of order,
which perhaps has been already stated in a
different form. A motion was made to sus-
pend the rules to permit the introduction of
the resolution, and the House refused to sus-
pend the rules. Hence the resolution is cer-
tainly not before the House. The fact that
debate has proceeded by unanimous consent
does not bring the resolution before the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin asked unanimous consent to introduce
the resolution for a specific purpose; that is, for
reference to the Committee on the Judiciary.
That was refused. Two motions were put in
one. The resolution was then continued before
the House ou the motion to refer to the Com-
mittee of Elections, and it is now before the
House for such disposition as the House may
choose to make of it. The Chair therefore
overrules the point of order of the gentleman
from Indiana.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I wish to submit a few
remarks.
Mr. PAINE. There is a motion to lay upon
the table pending.
Mr. SCHENCiC. That was withdrawn.
Mr. RANDALL. Only temporarily. I re-
newed it.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw it.
Mr. RANDALL. Certainly.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I only wish to say a word
on this subject, because I am perhaps the only
survivor in this House of those who vuted on
the question of retrocession some twenty-five
years ago. For what appeared to the major it)'
of us sufficiently good reason then, we gave
back to Virginia, as we thought we had the
constitutional right to do—for I was in that
majority—all that portion of the District of
Columbia lying on the other side of the Poto-
mac, and thus got rid of a great deal of vexa-
tious legislation, action on which in no way
affected the public interest while it occupied
much of the time of Congress. For nearly
twenty-two or twenty-three years tiiat has been
considered as a part of the State of Virginia.
It has been represented as a part of Virginia,
and whether in any legal sense you regard it
as res adjudicate, not having perhaps come up
formally or directly, although it has in many
ways indirectly before the courts of the coun-
try, it peems so far as legislative action is con-
cerned our committees are all bound to regard
that as law which is upon the statute-book, and
to act accordingly until some power sufficient
for the purpose shall set it aside. There is
now upon the statute -book a law passed twenty-
two or twenty-three years ago that retroceded
to Virginia that part of the District of Colum-
bia as it originally existed, and that part so
retroceded has been continuously represented
in the Congress of the United. States until the
war came on without question, and now we
are asked to make a sort of outside collateral
question, and to appeal to the aid of the judg-
ment of one of our standing committees as to
whether that law is constitutional or not. I
think that it would be better for the committee,
I and I say it with due deference to them, to
leave this law as it is upon the statute-book
until the question is raised, without anticipat-
ing the raising of tho question and without
calling for the opinion of the Committee on the
Judiciary or any other committee.
Suppose wo have the opinion of the Com-
mittee ou the Judiciary, what then? We have
j the opinion of nine members of Congress, not
of a court, against two hundred and thirty-four
members of the House of Representatives and
of the Senate as it stands recorded upon the
statute-book. I say this with the utmost, the
most distinguished, consideration for the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. We should have the
opinion of nine able gentlemen, lawyers, one
way, while we have the opinion of a large ma-
jority of the whole Congress in both Houses,
that opinion being embodied in the shape of a
law on the statute-book.
Mr. PAINE. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to yield to me.
Mr. RANDALL. Certainly. I will with-
hold the motion to lay on the table for the
present.
Mr. PAINE. The gentleman supposes that
this movement was prompted by some hostility
to the claim of the gentleman who seeks this
seat. I take it for granted that in that remark
he did not refer to me ; I assure him if he did
that lie is entirely mistaken. I have no such
sentiment. I will not undertake to say that
others who move in this matter are not opposed
to the claim of Mr. McKenzie to this seat.. I
disavow any opposition on my own part, for 1
have not examined the ease, and see now 110
reason why I should not ultimately vote for Mr.
McKenzie's admission to this House.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I object to fur-
ther debate.
Mr. RANDALL. I renew my motion to
lay on tho table.
The motion was agreed to ; and the resolu-
tion was laid on the table.
DKS MOINES ItAPIOS.
Mr. ALLISON, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Jlctohcd, That the Secretary of War be directed
to imoriu tho lJouso how much money is required
to complete the improvementof the Des Moines and
Hock Irdand rapids, of Mississippi; and to state fur-
ther, it'any money heretofore appropriated for that,
subject remains unexpended and how much; and
whether the work or any part of it can be resumed
before further appropriations are made ; and whether
there are sufficient available funds at the disposal
of the Department to carry on this work in the most
I'tFeetive manner. Also, to communicate any in-
formation ho may deem important in regard to this
work and the necessity of its speedy completion.
j GOVERNMENT OFFICES AT ST. JOSEPH,
j Mr. ASPER, by ununimous consent, submit-
j ted the following resolution ; which was read,
! considered, and agreed to :
< Resolved, That tho supervising architect of the
i Ireasury be, and is hereby, authorized and requested
; lo consider the erection of suitable buildings at St.
i Joseph, in tlie State of Missouri, to accommodate
■ the post, office, the XJnited States district court, and
i other Government offices located there, and report
| to this House plans and specifications for the same
j and the estimated cost thereof.
, DEFENSE OF NORTHEASTERN FRONTIER.
! Mr. PETERS, by unanimous consent, intro-
■ duced a bill (II. R. No. 073) to refund to the
