1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5189
patriot burned with eager desire to do what
he might to save the integrity of the nation;
when every manly heart everywhere that
looked with pride on the flag, or recalled with
glowing emotions the grand history of his
country, was throbbing with intense fire at
the possible thought of a dissolution of the
Union, then, then the Kentucky Democracy,
folding their arms calmly on their breasts,
coolly said, "Let the fight go on ; we^take no
interest in it; it is nothing to us; let Union or
disunion come we are neutral; we care not
which conquers; this is not our war." And so
Governer Magoffin refused to send the Pres-
ident Kentucky's quota of troops, and for three
months Kentucky was not invaded by the Union
forces. For three tremendous months, when
the whirlwind of war was gathering on all the
mountains; for three months, when the chariot
of fire, driven by treason, was crushing down
Union men ; for three months, when eleven
States, revolting from the Union, arming their
citizens, marching to the field in thousands,
throwing up vast fortifications, sending abroad
embassadors, organizing a great republic,
assuming a national name, defying all our
laws and scoffing at the very name of Union—
for three months this diabolical mockery of
Kentucky neutrality was kept up_. But then
it ended, as everybody supposed forever, until
revived by this committee.
Neutrality at such a time, neutrality under
such circumstances,what was it but downright,
arrant treason ? To stand neutral then was to
be against the Government, to bo a dangerous
enemy, to be a most cruel and selfish loo. And
yet this committee put this caseupon this very
ground of the actual existence of a neutral party
in Kentucky. To be neutral then and there
was the very highest type and style of treason.
To be neutral then and there was to aid_ re-
bellion, was to urge Kentucky from the Union.
Jf Kentucky could maintain her neutrality
then there was nothing national in this war ; it
was a mere struggle for sectional power. If
Kentucky could remain neutral, then she was
right, and both the other sides were wrong,
engaged in a foolish and murderous struggle.
If Kentucky could remain neutral then was
the doctrine established that the States were
not bound to stand by and defend the Union.
If Kentucky could remain neutral, then from
the mouth of Big Sandy, on the border of
West Virginia, along that line and the whole
northern frontier of Tennessee to the Missis-
sippi river, was a closed barrier to the inarch
into the South for a distance of fire hundred
milesinthemostvulnerableportion of the con-
federacy. If Kentucky could remain neutral
I he great highwaystowardthc rebel center, the
road to Cumberland Gap, the Louisville and
Nashville route, those by the Cumberland, by
the Tennessee, and by the Mississippi rivers
were effectually closed. Mill Springs, bort
Henry, Fort Donelson, and Shiloh would have
been impossible. Our base of supplies, thrown
away off east in the mountains of Virginia, or
west of the Mississippi, would have made suc-
cess almost impossible. Kentucky neutrality,
once successfully established, was the grand-
est stroke of strategy possible lor the rebel-
lion.
All this and a thousand times more was in-
cluded in Kentucky neutrality. It was the
meanest, most deceitful, most dangerous, and
the rankest hostility to the Union—worse a
thousand times than the armed resistance which
came boldly to the front and challenged battle;
worse in its essence, almost illimitable in its
consequences.
The Democratic party of Kentucky was a
secession party, a rebel party, and the plea of
neutrality was a thin sham that everybody but
this committee has seen through for nine years.
And now it is set up for us to recognize as a
once existing reality, as a basis of our action,
and as the only foundation upon which the
law can be construed to fabricate a decision
against Barnes, the contestant.
There were in point of fact in this country,
Kentucky included, but two parties; in the
language of the great Douglas, patriots and
traitors. Here they stood, for the nation or
against it; and he who does not know this
knows but little of the true history of our
country in the past ten years.
The whole argument, then, about this third
party falls to the ground. The law was not
aimed at a party, but at those active, vigilant,
aggressive members of any one of the political
parties who by some open participation in the
struggle gave proof of their rebellious spirit.
The law was intended to reach such persons
in any and every party and any and every-
where.
But I pass from that. I have but a moment
or two more, and I wish to call the attention
of the House to this law. The committee claim
that the law is obsolete. It has been twice
construed during the last few years ? In
1806 the Legislature passed an act to repeal
the statute of 1802, and the Governor of Ken-
tucky vetoed the repealing ^.ct. In 18G9, since
this election, the law has been repealed by the
Legislature of Kentucky. That shows that the
people of Kentucky, notwithstanding the idea
thrown out by#the committee, understood that
the law was not obsolete; that it was in force,
and that it tied the hands of every man who
had been in the rebel army or aided in rebel-
lion, so that they could not participate in this
election as officers.
If, then, these persons were disqualified by
the act of 18G2, and could not be dejitre elec-
tion officers, could they be de facto officers?
How is it that a man who is a disqualified per-
son can be a de facto officer? IIow is it that
a man whom the law says shall not hold an
office can, by the mere fact of assuming the
office, or by being put in it under any color of
authority, be made a de facto officer? The
simple statement of the proposition is suffi-
cient to show that if is preposterous. These
gentlemen of the committee beg the question.
Let mc call the attention of the House to what
they say in their report. They say:
"The question, therefore, regarded in the light of
precedent or authority alone would stand about as
follows: tho judicial decisions are all to the effect
that the acts of officers de facto, so far as they affect
third parties or the public, in the absence ol iraud,
are as valid as those of an officer de jure."
Now, who disputes that? Who is arguing
against it? Who says that the acts of an offi-
cer de facto may not be regarded as valid and
binding ? It is the old accepted, long-approved
doctrine of the common law throughout the
country. But the real question in this case is
not that, but it is this: whether persons who
are declared by law to be incapable and dis-
qualified can become de facto officers. Can
you pick up a dead stick and make a live one
out of it ? The committee find but one author-
ity on that, question, and that is the case of
Delano t\s. Morgan, and what do they say as
to that? They say:
"In theca«e of Ocln.i'O Mor;rin (Foiticth Con-
gress) the vote of one township was thrown out upon
the ground that, one of the three judges of election
was a deserter from the Union Army, and therefore
not capable ot taking or holding the offico. In tho
discussion of that case the chairman ot tho com-
mittee (Mr. Dawes, of Massachusetts) put the de-
cision upon the ground that there was an express
statute declaring that a person guilty of desertion
should ' be incapable and forever disqualified to lio'.d
any office under the Government.' liein-nsted that,
such a person could not be an officer even defncto.ivulo
Congressional Globe, volume eighty, pagoMX>-S. It
is worthy of remark that while someol the decisions
of this Hou=e seem in conflict with the doctrine ot
this report that doctrine itself has never been directly
Questioned. It may have been ignored, butnorcpoit
can be found in which it has been denied m express
terms, or even seriously doubted. On the contrary,
wherever this principle is referred to at ail in any
of thoreportsin cases decided by this House, it lias
been approved."
That is the doctrine upon which we plant
our feet in this case. You cannot make a de
facto officer out of a disqualified person.
In the language of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Lawrexce,] this statute is mandatory, is
imperative, and is in no sense directory. In its
terms it expressly says that these persons shall
not be counted as among those persons who
may be qualified to hold office at elections. I
say the disqualification of these persons is
complete; such persons can bind nobody by
their acts. Can you take a woman, or a for-
eigner, or an idiot, and make such a person
an election officer, and have their acts binding
on us? You might as well say that dumb
animals could do it as to say that disqualified
persons can. The votes taken by them must
be thrown out, and this elects Barnes by over
three hundred majority.
I now yield to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Banks] for ten minutes.
Mr. PAINE. If the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Banks] will pardon me for a
moment, I desire to say that I was applied to
by some gentlemen on yesterday on behalf of
the contestant in this case to ask the House
for leave for the contestant to address the
House. I was called away unexpectedly this
morning to attend a conference committee
upon which I had been appointed, and have
been detained all the morning to this time,
and have therefore failed to ask the House for
that leave. In order to fulfill my promise, I
ask consent of tho House that the parties to
this contest may have an opportunity to address
the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Sco-
fiei.d.) For one hour each f
Mr. PAINE. For whatever time they may
desire, not to exceed one hour each.
The SPEAKERp/'o tempore. Is there objec-
tion to the proposition submitted by the gentle-
man from Wisconsin ?
Mr. AMBLER. I desire to inquire how
many of these election cases there arc yet to
be disposed,of by the House V
Mr. PAINE. I do not know how many
will be ready for submission to the House at
this session. There are now undisposed of
fifteen cases, including two that are now before
the House. Not over seven or eight cases are
at this time ready to be reported to the House.
I think that the most of those ready to be re-
ported will be submitted to the House this
week.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I would inquire
of the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Paixe]
if both the sitting member and the contestant
in this ease ask to be heard?
Mr. PAINE. I make the application on
behalf of both the parties. I ought to add, in
response to a question which has been addressed
to me by a gentleman near me, that I have no
doubt that no other case to come before the
Ilonse will require anything like the time which
has been devoted to this case.
The SPEAKER .pro tempore. Is there objec-
tion to granting leave to the sitting member and
to the contestant to address the House for an
hour each?
Mr. RANDALL. I would suggest to the
Chair that the order be reversed ; that the con-
testant have the first hour, and that then the
sitting member also be allowed an hour.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objec-
tion ?
Mr. AMBLER. An hour to each?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. An hour to
each.
Mr. AMBLER. I object.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Objection
beingmade, thegentleman from Massachusetts,
' [Mr. Banks,] who is entitled to tho floor for
ten minutes, will now proceed,
i Mr. BANKS. It is not often, Mr. Speaker,
1 that I take any part in the discussions of cases
: of tli is character. I would not say anything
\ now did T not believe that tho doctrine as-
i sumed by the Committee of Elections in their
! report in this case surrenders the rights of this
i House. I believe thatanything that approaches
i a surrender of the rights of this Houseeonsti-
tutes a fatal precedent which will come back
and trouble us and our successors forever and
ever. I think if the House regards this subject
