THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4245
Va?> TrJJmr>, Van Wyck, Voorhccs, Wallace. Cad-
walderC. \Vasbburn, William B. Washburn, Wells.
Wheeler, W llliams. and Wood—76.
So the motion was agreed to ; and accord-
ingly (at five o'clock and forty minutes p. in.)
the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
rlhe following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mi\ CESSNA: The petition of John P.
Davis, of Fulton county, Pennsylvania, a sol-
dier of the war of 1812, praying for relief.
By Mr. DBGENER: A statement by G. V.
Wahl, of Fort Quitman, Texas, of depredations
committed .by Indians.
Also, petition of citizens of Blanco county,
Texas, for protection against Indians. "
Also, two petitions of citizens of Gillespie
county, Texas.
Also, a petition of citizens of Uvalde county,
Texas.
By Mr. McCEARY: The petition of Smith,
Scott & Co., and other business men of Bur-
lington, Iowa, praying the passage of a law to
establish the uniform rats of sixteen cents per
pound on all forms of manufactured tobaeeo
and snuff.
By Mr. UPSON: The petition of T. P.
Handy and 22 others, citizens of Cleveland,
Ohio, for the passage of a bill to incorporate
the International Society of the United States,
for the protection of immigration.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, June 9, 1870.
Prayer by Rev. J. G. Butler, Chaplain of
the House of Repiesentatives.
The Journal of yesterday was icad and
approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter of the Secretary of the Treasury,
communicating a letter of the Attorney Gen-
eral and a letter of L. E. Chittenden, in regard
to the eviction of certain purchasers of lands
sold for taxes in the late rebellious States by
proceedings in the State courts, and also a draft
of a bill providing for the protection of those
purchase) s from State proceedings 5 which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be piiuted.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SUMNIiR. I present the memorial of
Commodore Edward Middleton, asking com-
pensation for his property destroyed by General
Sherman's army. This memorial is accom-
panied by evidence setting forth the facts and
the amount of the loss, being the destruction
of a house, stock, furniture, and also damages
done to a plantation of seven hundred acres.
This was in South Carolina, and by General
Sherman's army 111 the course ol their march.
I present this memorial, but at the same time
I should like to see a very thorough and elab-
orate report from the committee on the subject
before I express an opinion with regard to it.
I ask its reference tothe Committee on Claims.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so
referred.
Sir. HOWE. On the question of referring
that memoiial, I beg leave to submit that if the
Senator means to maintain the view which ho
has heretofoie maintained on these questions,
I think it should go to the Committee on I;or-
eigu Relations. [Laughter.] Unquestiomibly
his judgment is that these people were.foreign-
ers at the lime General Sherman was parading
through there; and that is the direction tins
memorial should take.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. HARLAN, it was
Ordered, Tint Mrs. K. J. Brossma.n have leave to
withdraw from 1 he files of the bennto her petition
for the rofundini; of certain taxct.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, t'o whom was referred the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 194) to enable the Leav-
enworth, Lawrence', and Galveston Railroad
Company to relocate a portion of its road,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of Charles
Radoliff, praying payment of the amount due
his son, First Lieutenant Herman G. liadeliff,
at the time of his death, submitted an adverse
report thereon; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. DRAKE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 154) for the relief of Jane
Dean Bishop, reported it without amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee 011
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 9-19) authorizing the construction of a
bridge across the ArkansasriveratLittle Rock,
Arkansas, reported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 206) to detach the
port ot Saint Paul from the collection district
of Minnesota, and to annex it to the collection
district of Louisiana, and for other purposes,
reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a petition of citizens of Slireve-
port, Louisiana, praying the establishment of
a port of entry at that place, asked to be dis-
charged from its fuither consideration ; which
was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Lorenzo
A. Phelps, late major of the fifth regiment of
Virginia infantry during the late war, praying
pay and allowances from the 1st day of Jan-
uary, 18G3, to March 20, 1865, submitted an
adverse report thereon ; which was ordered to
be printed.
He also, from the Committee 011 Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
Theodore Adams, praying an appropriation
for the payment of the judgment of the Court
of Claims rendered by that court in his favor
011 the 18th of March. 1807, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and
that it be relerred to the Committee 011 Claims ;
which was agreed to.
1SILL RECOMMITTED
Mr. SCOTT. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee 011 Claims to move that the bill (S. No.
870) for the relief of the United States Express
Company be recommitted to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
ORDER OK BUSINESS.
Mr. RAMSEY. Themorningbusiness seems
to be pretty well gone through with, and I ask
the Senate to gratify me by taking up now
Senate bill No. 763.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I want to get at the reso-
lutions on the Calendar, so that the Senate may
dispose of one which has been lying over for
some time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Docs the Sen-
ator object to the motion of the Senator from
Minnesota?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the motion cannot be entertained.
NOTICE OF A RILL.
Mr. DAVIS. I desiie to give notice of my
intention to ask leave to introduce a bill to
allow to Indian nations and tribes who have
rights under treaties of the United States or
laws of Congress to sue for their assertion in
the circuit and district courts of the United
States, with the right of either party to appeal
on writ of error to the Supreme Court.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. RICE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 979)
to carry into effect certain treaty stipulations
with the Choctaw nation or tribe of Indians;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. SCOTT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
980) for the relief of Joseph L. Finch & Go.,
of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
011 Claims, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CHANDLER asked , and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 981) to repeal the act approved March 17,
1800, entitled "An act declaring the assent of
Congress to certain acts of the States of Mary-
land and Georgia;" which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ANTHONY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 210) to authorize the
Secretary of the Interior to dispose of broken
sets of congressional documents and certain
other documents and odd volumes in thfe cus-
tody of the Department of the Interior; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. McDONiLD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 982) for the relief of A. M. Adams; which
was road twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
LINCOLN AND DENVER RAILROAD.
Mr. TIPTON. I offer the following reso-
lution, and ask for its present consideration:
Jlemlved, ThatSena.to bill No. 16$, granting lands
to a id in the construction of a. railroad from Lincoln,
in the State of Nebraska, to Denver. Colorado Ter-
ritory, bo placed upon the Calendar of special orders.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the present consideration of the reso-
lution V
Mr. SHERMAN. What is it?
The VICE PRESIDENT. A resolution
offered by the Senator from Nebraska to make
a bill for a land grant to a lailroad from Lin-
coln, Nebraska, to Denver, Colorado Territory,
a special order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think that ought
to be done.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If objection is
made the resolution will be placed 011 the Cal-
endar of resolutions, and it will be reached in
its regular order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think we ought
to make any more special orders now. We
are lumbering up our docket of special orders
with land-grant bills. Will a single objection
carry the resolution over ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will. Tbe
resolution will be placed 011 the Calendar of
resolutions, and will come up after to-day in
its regular order.
Mr. TIPTON. Very well.
LAND OFFICE REPORT.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next busi-
ness in order is the consideration of the reso-
tions on the Calendar which have been laid
over. The Secretary will read the first reso-
lution.
The Ciiiep Clerk. The first resolution 01
the Calendar is the resolution offered by Mi.
Williams, 011 the '20th of May, to^print exti 1
copies of thereport of the Commissioner of tfc >
General Land Office for 18i>9, with the repo'6
of the Committee 011 Printing thereon.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that that resolt -
tion be passed over.
The motion was agreed to.
BRIDGES ON Till OHIO.
The VICE PRESIDENT The next res. -
lntion 011 the Calendar is or ' submitted on tl 3
27th of May by tbe Senator: '
[Mr. Scott,] to place the I U (S. 3No. 2oO) i \
