1414
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
male. But I want uiy colleague to listen to his
own proviso:
Prwideft, That wktwrw in the opinion of the
Secretary—
And 1 suppose it most be an intelligent one,
derived frotn personal knowledge—
the work done by t clerk or a laborer in one class can
b« as welt and properly done by a clerk or laborer
of a lower class or receiving a lower rate of pay, such
clerk or laborer of the lower olnss or receiving a
lower rate shall be substituted, without distinction
of sex.
Whenever, therefore, the Secretary sees a
person sweeping out a hall who, in his opinion,
oan just as well do the work of the Assistant
Secretary as the Assistant Secretary can, why
then be must put the Assistant Secretary to
sweeping that hall and put the laborer into
the place of the Assistant Secretary, and the
Assistant Secretary, who has discharged his
duties faithfully, is to be degraded and put
down to a lower place. They are to be " sub-
stituted," the one for the other, not because
the oue in the upper class has failed to do his
doty, but because, in the opinion of the Sec-
retary, the one in the lower class could do it
just as well.
Mr. HOAR. Does my colleague understand
that the Assistant Secretary is included in the
term "laborers" or " clerks?"
Mr. DAWES. If my friend does not like
the illustration, I will take the chief clerk.
Mr. HOAR. One more question and then
my colleague can answer them both. Does he
suppose that if this amendment were adopted
it would require the Secretary of the Treasury
to make the exchange he has suggested ?
Mr. DAWES. My colleague arraigned me
when he said the reason 1 gave was 44 ridicu-
lous." I submit that all I had to say about
his proposition was that while I admitted the
soundness of the principle it was impractica-
ble to carry it out, and I submit now that it is
impracticable to carry it out. It would be
wrong to carry it out, not because the principle
he seeks to establish is wrong, but because the
man who discharges his duties in the office of
chief clerk should not be put down to the work
of a laborer simply and for no other reason
than because, in the opinion of the Secretary,
a laborer could do his work as well as he can.
There is no reason why he should substitute
the laborer for a clerk, or transfer a lower
class clerk, whether male or female, to an
upper class clerkship, not because the one who
occupies the position of a fourth-class clerk
has failed in his duty, but simply because a
first-class clerk has done his duty so well that
the Secretary thinks he might discharge the '
duties of a fourth-class clerk. That is all there
is to it. I say it would be impracticable, first,
because the Secretary could have no personal !
knowledge in the matter; and second, because
it woald demoralize the whole force in the
office to require the clerks to change places.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I hope we shall now have a
vote.
The question was taken on Mr.' Hoar's
amendment; and it was rejected—ayes 10,
noes 101.
The Clerk read as follows:
For Comptroller of the Currency, $5,000; for dep-
nty comptroller, 12,800; six clerks of class four,
twelve clerks of class three, six clerks of class two,
six clerks of class one, twenty female clerks at $900
each, three messenger?, one laborer, and one night
watchman; in ail,
Mr. DAWES. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations to move to add at
the end of that clause the following:
Provided, That in addition to the foregoing there
Mny bo expended for temporary clerks, under the
approval of the Secretary of the Treasury, out of
the unexpended balances to the credit of said
officc, the nun of 818,280. and the remainder of said
balances shall be, anil hereby is, eovered into the
Xreafory of the United States.
Mr. Chairman, the Committee on Appro-
priations cot down the estimates for this
bureau about one fourth. That will be suffi-,
cient to carry on the tmduress ef the officc gen-
erally ; but at certain seasons of the year the
amount of business in the office is such that it
is impossible with that force for the Comp-
troller to do it. He does not require additional
j force all the year; and therefore the com-
i mittee, by this proviso, propose to authorize
| him, under the direction of the Secretary of
the Treasury, to employ a temporary force and
to pay it out of the unexpended balances to
the credit of his office. In his opinion the
appropriation for this year was not quite suffi-
cient to carry on the business of his office;
and it was his opinion and that of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury that they were not author-
ised to spend this year the unexpended bal-
ances of former appropriations. They have
therefore kept the force in this office precisely
, within the appropriations of last year, and
have not touched the unexpended balances of
appropriations made before. It ia now pro-
posed to pay a temporary force oat of these
unexpended balances and to cover the rest into
the Treasury. The Comptroller of the Cur-
rency has furnished the Committee on Appro-
1 priations with a statement of the unexpended
balances, to which I would call the attention
of gentlemen.
The statement was as follows:
Treasury Department,
Offick or Comptroller or thb Currency,
Washington, January 29,1870.
Sib : In pursuanco of your suggestion, I have the
honor to state that the unexpended balance from
former appropriations for the payment of salaries
in this office is $30,764 80.
The appropriation for 1866 was $150,200 00
The expenditure was  109.600 00
Surplus    40,600 00
Appropriation for 1867.. ..$120,000 00
Expended  89,335 20
Surplus -    30,664 80
Unexpended balaneo for 1866 and 1867  71,264 80
Appropriation for 1868 $80,000 00
Expended       .100,500 00
Deficiency in 1868  20,500 00
Leaving, as stated above, unexpended bal-
 $50,764 80
' The amount is greater than I supposed it was when
i I was before the committee. If 1 could rise $5,000
1 of this amount during the remainder of the present
' fiscal year, and enough of it during the next fiscal
; year to employ the number of clerks for which my
| estimate was made, I should be relieved of much
i anxiety. If the matter is committed to my discretion
' I shall exercise the same economy that I would use
in the management of my private affairs.
i I trust the committee will make such provision
1 as will enable me to secure the prompt and efficient
' performance of the duties committed to my oharge.
Very respectfully,
„ H. R. HULBTJRD,
Comptroller of the Currency.
Hon. Henry L. Da wis, Haute of Jtepreientativee,
The amendment moved by Mr. Dawes was
then agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For Commissioner of Internal Revenue, $6,000;
three deputy commissioners, one at $3,500, and two
at $3,000 each; one solicitor, $4,000; seven heads of
divisions, $2,500 each; thirty-four clerks of class four,
forty-fivo clerks of class three, fifty elerks of class
two, thirty-seven clerks of class one, fifty-five female
clerks, at $900 each; five messengers, three assistant
messengers, and fifteen laborers; in all, $351,200.
Mr. DAWES.' I move to amend this para-
graph by inserting44 one female superintendent
of female clerks at $1,400" before the clause
for female clerks; also to make the number
of female clerks fifty-four instead of fifty-five.
I suppose the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Arneia] will not object to that.
- Mr. ARNELL. Certainly not; I wish there
was more of it.
The amendment moved by Mr. Dawes was
agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to further amend
this paragraph by adding the following:
Provided, That where female clerks are employed
in the duties of the first and higher classes of clerks,
they shall receive tho compensation of the clerks or
those classes.
My only object in offering this amendment
ia to endeavor to ingraft upon this bill a pro-
vision similar to one which was ingrafted upon
the legislative appropriation bill of the last
Congress.
Mr. DAWES. It seems to me that this
amendment is not in order.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think it is in order.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. It certainly is in
order.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] insist upon
his point of order?
Mr. PETERS. The attention of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts is called to something
else at this moment. I will make the point of
order that this amendment is independent legis-
lation upon an appropriation bill.
Mr. FARNSWORIH. This amendment only
specifies how this money shall be expended.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that this amendment is in order.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to call the attention
of members to the fact that at the last session
of the last Congress a provision similar to this
was ingrafted by a vote of the House upon an
appropriation bill. The bill went to the Sen-
ate, and that body not only concurred in this
provision but expanded it. But late in the
session the bill went to a committee of confer-
ence on some disagreeing votes of the two
Houses, and by one of the most extraordinary
instances of legislation this provision, which
had been concurred in by both branches of
Congress, was stricken out " after full and free
conference."
I leave the compensation of the female clerks
provided for in this paragraph at $900 each,
tor there are clerks properly employed at that
rate of compensation. But I understand the
fact to be that in many instances, if it is not
almost a general rule, female clerks are em-
ployed to discharge duties of clerks of the first
class, of the second class, and even of higher
classes. I say it is not becoming to the man-
hood of members of this House to allow the
Government to receive the labor ofthese females
and not give them the same compensation
which would be given to men performing the
same duties. If females can be properly em-
ployed in an inferior capacity at $900 a year,
very well. But where they are employed to
perform the duties of male clerks it is not
worthy of this Government to receive their
services without giving them the same com-
pensation that men would receive for perform-
ing similar services. Indeed, it would be but
in conformity with the spirit of the age for tho
Government, if it employs females, to give
them even a better rate of compensation than
is given to men for like services. But I only
desire by this amendment to put them upon
exactly the same footing.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I recollect very well
that at the last session of the last Congress an
amendment not precisely like this in phrase-
ology perhaps, but the same in spirit, was
adopted to an appropriation hill by both this
House and the Senate. But it was not carried
oat because by reason of its phraseology it
would not be construed by the officers of the
Department to give to the female clerks the pay
which it was intended by Congress they Bhould
receive.
I wish to express my concurrence in the
remark of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Holman,] that it is unworthy the manhood of
this House and the spirit of the age to refuse
to give to women the same rate of compensa-
tion that is given to men for performing simi-
lar services. Many of the women employed in
the Departments are the widows of men who
perished in the military service of their coun-
try. Some of these women support by their
labor large families. They do in many case*
the duties of fourteen or sixteen or eighteen
hundred dollar clerks; yet they receive only
$900, while some stripling, who half his time
is smoking his cigar with his heels on his table,
receives $1,200,$1,400,or $1,600. It is a shame
and a disgrace that this should be so.
