8302
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
virtues in them which have thas far remained
beyond my perception, and I would not dis-
parage their real merits it' they possess any;
but, as said before, thus far I do not think the
fruits that have flowed from their establish-
ment are of very particular importance.
I think the Committee on Appropriations
hare done very proiperly in recommending the
reduction of the amount appropriated by the
House of Representatives for the Bureau of
Education from $14,500 to the sum of $5,400.
It seems to me a mere figure-head, a mere
appendage of the Government; set up more
for show than for utility. I trust that Sena-
tors will take this matter into serious consid-
eration. l)o we want this bureau? Of'what
sort of importance is this Bureau of Educa-
tion established by the Government of the
United States to the educational avstem that
prevails in New England, New York, or in
the other States of the Union? Of what ben-
efit is it to Harvard University or to the Col-
lege at New Haven, Connecticut? Of what
Utility is it to the University of Michigan, or
any other of the educational institutions of
the land? None whatever. Every State pro-
vides its own Bystem of education and sup-
ports it by taxiug its own people. That is a
function peculiarly belonging to the States;
and I do not think, as I said before, that the
people of the United States are deriving much
benefit from this Bureau of Education. The
law had not been in force but a short time
before it was substantially repealed, leaving
the Commissioner of Education to be them re
head of a bureau and connecting him with the
Department of the Interior. I think we acted
wisely then, and I think that that legislation
was an indication that sooner or later this
bureau was to be dispensed with ; aud I think
the Committee on Appropriations have had in
view that' final result in the sum which they
have recommended for the use of the bureau.
I hope' we shall sustain the action of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
Mr. HOWELL. Mr. President, I am grat-
ified to have the opportunity of supporting an
amendment, reported by the Committee on
Appropriations of the Senate, which reduces
the appropriations made by the House of Rep-
resentatives. This is the first that I have
Observed that had that tendency, while there
are many others that increase the appropri-
ations many Scores of thousands of dollars.
' But I have another reason for the support of
this amendment. I regard this plan of legis-
lating offices amd legislating bureaus into being
1 y appropriation bills as simply vicious and
demoralizing- and I think it ought not to be
continued by theCongress of the United States,
whatever may have been the custom heretofore.
Letub have such legislation as maybe needed
for the establishment of snch offices and such
bureau* ss ihay he required in the administra-
tion of the Government, fixing; the salaries of
such officers and the expenditures required for
them by law; snd then let ns make our appro-
priations to meet the legal requirements of
those established offices and btireaus, and not
come in here in an appropriation bill and in-
crease the official compensation of the various
officers of the Departments, and not come in
by an appropriation bill to create, as it were,
ft department or a bureau to the extent that
this educational bureau is provided for in this
provisioti of the House bill. I am heartily in
ftvor of the amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations of the Senate.
Mr. FERRY. I am in*favor of theatnend-
ment proposed by the Committee on Appro-
priations," and I think that to increase or
attempt to incrteas&the fnnfetions of the Bureau
of Education recently created can only result
disastrously to the* real interests of education
in this country. Not only is it my judgment
that the encouragement and support of educa-
tion belongs properly to the States under our
System of Government, but it is also my judg-
ment that nowhere else *511 those functions be
properly discharged. I think that no greater
injury can be done to the cause of education
in the Stales than to teach the people of the
States and the authorities of the States to be
looking up to the Federal Government for
means from its Treasury to procure the educa-
tion of their own people. So diversely are
the States situated in reference to their inter-*
nal organization of society, the organization
of their local communities, that a system per-
fectly applicable to one of our New England
States would probably be entirely inapplicable
to one of the Gulf States. Each State can best
take care of its own educational interests, and
each State will best take care of its own edu-
cational interests when it knows that upon
itself that care must devolve.
Mr. YATES. I desire to say a few words
on this subject; and in thebeginning I will say
that it looks as if in the formation of our De-
partments and bureaus we had begun at the
bottom instead of at the top, and it is now to
the disgrace of America that we have not a
national bureau of education. I can inform
Senators that so far as my experience is con-
cerned, judging from conversations with intel-
ligent men and educated men, men most deeply
interested in the prosperity of the country,
they are astonished that we have not a national
bureau of education. If the argument of the
. Senator from Connecticut is sound we might
as well have no agricultural bureau. Agri-
culture belongs to the States just as much as
does education.
I remember that a distinguished foreigner
Once called upon me and said that he had been
making a tour of the United States to find out
the American system of education, to gather
statistics to carry with him to Europe, and he
i said that there was no bureau at Washington
] in which he could find those statistics. He
; complimented the State of Illinois by saying
I that he had obtained from our State superin-
j tendent, Hon. Newton Bateman, more inform-
ation in regard to education in the United
States than he had from any other source. He
insisted, as every reasonable man must insist,
that there should be a head somewhere to this
great department.
Is there any subject more interesting to the
people at large ? Are the subjects connected
with the duties of the Committee on Com-
merce or the Committee on Agriculture more
important than those connected with the Com-
mittee on Education? For the sake of uni-
formity, for the sake of the information of onr
people, we should have a national bureau of
education. We should, so far as we can, have
a uniform standard of education throughout
the United States. We need a head to this
great department, where can be collected the
reports of the commissioners and superin-
tendents of public schools in the States, and
compendiums made of them and preserved
here in the city of Washington, where they can
be open to the inspection of all.
.Now, Mr. President, there is feeling on this
subject in the country. The country stands
astonished that we do not have a national
bureau of education. Education is the found-
ation of republican institutions, and at a time
like this, when there is to be launched upon
the country, as all say, an uninformed and
uneducated people from the far East, and when
wo have set free four million uneducated
people in our midst, and when we have among
us records to show that thousands of our white
people are uneducated, not attended to by the
States, not taken care of by the States, we
need a head to this system, something to give
it direction, something to give it force; and we
ought not to be told that this is a mere experi-
nient. Yon do not permit the experiment to
be tried when there is an objection to the
appropriation of $14,000 for this great and
mighty and moral purpose of education. Why,
Mr. President, I could offer an amendment,
and I could appeal to Senators with arguments
and reasons to sustain me, if I had investigated
this question, increasing the appropriation to
$100,000. I can see no reason why the people
of the United States, now at least the second
empire in the world, and destined to be the
greatest, should on this great subject fail to
provide adequate means to support a national
bureau of education.
These are my sentiments on this subject;
and I repeat again, as I sit down, that in my
estimation, though I do not mean, of course, to
reflect upon the opinions of other Senators,
it is a disgrace to this great country and to this
great Government of ours that we have not
laid the foundations strong and deep by which
our institutions are to be preserved and main-
tained. I shall vote very cheerfully for the
appropriation made by the House, regretting
only that the amount is not larger ; and if we
want to see the effects of a wise system let us
give the means, make the appropriations as you
do to the other Departments of the Government,
have your Committee on Education, and with
such a chairman as we have for that commit-
tee you need not fear that these means will not
be properly expended, and with a proper na-
tional superintendent of education we need not
fear that the most important advantages will
not result from this appropriation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that at half past
four o'clock the Senate take a recess until half
past seven. This is the month of pleasant
weather and of cool temperatures, when every-
body who desires to do the public business can
do it the best. I think we had better go on
with this bill to night.
Mr. DRAKE. Does not that require unan-
imous consent?
Mr. SUMNER. Of course it does.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair, if
compelled to decide the point, must hold that
under the eleventh rule it requires unanimous
consent, unless this bill be laid aside or laid
on the table.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does the Senator from
Missouri object to my making the motion?
Mr. DRAKE. I object.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then, for the purpose of
reaching the question, I move that this bill be
passed over for the moment, so that I may then
be enabled to submit a motion for a recess.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Vermont
that the bill be passed over.
The motion was agreed to—ayes thirty, noes
not counted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now I move that at half
past four o'clock the Senate take a recess until
half past seven o'clock this evening.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I now move that the Sen-
ate resume the consideration of the appropria-
tion bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was passed
over and will now be resumed as a matter of
course, the intermediate business having been
disposed of. The question is on the amend-
ment reported by the Committee on Appropri-
ations to the clause concerning the Bureau of
Education.
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. President, I desire to
say but a very few words On this amendment.
I have been quite gratified at the views pre-
sented to the Senate by the Senator from Michi-
gan, [Mr. Howard.] They accord entirely
with my experience on this subject, and I should
certainly regret the day when appropriations
would be made by Congress largely for the
purpose of taking charge of the educational
interests of our country We want no consolid-
ation in this matter. Your Bureau of Educa-
tion here cannot exist at all, except so far as
we in the States furnish it with the material
out of which to get up its annual reports. You
may have a head to your educational system
here, but he must look to us, the people of the
States, and our systems, and from them he can
