1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3803
become a great compiler, and when he aenda
us out hisanuual report we examine it, and our
Stat* superintendents sit in judgment upon it, ;
and they charge him with having been a com-
piler of their annual reports; and that is all he
van ever aspire to.
We bave the gift of the Government in all
our western States; we have lands for our
oomroon free school system; we have lands
Tor oar agricultural colleges and State univer-
sities. We have our State superintendents. We
bave our county associations meeting just as
often and regularly and successfully as they
have them in the older States of this Union.
We have in our State library an exchange kept
up constantly from the little State of Nebraska
with the other States of the Union. We have
their annual reports of education and they have
ours. We profess to be able to make our own
compilations and to scatter over our own States
the results that we gain from them; and by the
permission and the indorsement of the Sena
ior from Michigan I would say that I smile at
jour wbole system and look upon it as a great
national farce. No, sir; with voar munificent
grants to us throw upon us the responsibility
of developing a system of education that shall
bring up our people to your standard of edu-
cation ; and if 1 were to continue my remarks,
they would only be upon the same basis that I
want no centralization of education in this
country ; but I want those institutions that light
an every State to be reflected over the whole ■
land; and in a general exchange of writings and
reports upon the subject let the people be
aiitated, and I think in that manner success
w.il come to our educational enterprises bet-
ter than by undertaking to establish here a
boreau of education for the purpose of reflect-
ing back upon us our statistical reports.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, when this
amendment came up I was not prepared to
discuss it as fully as it onght to be discussed,
for the reason that I found that the document*
which I had in reference to it were not at my
desk. The range which the discussion has
taken has led me to look into the matter as well
as 1 could here at the moment, and I am sur-
prised to find how much of misapprehension
on this subject there is in the minds of Sen-
ators, and how little really they or I knew of
the details of the Bubject. Now, I wish to
show ihe Senate precisely how the matter
stands, and I can do it in a few words. I can
do it so as to show the Senator from Michigan ;
and the Senator from Connecticut and the
Senator from Nebraska that they have spoken
as I consider under an entire misapprehension
with regard to this whole thing.
1 must go back to the act establishing the 1
department of education, passed on the 2d of
March, 1867. Yon will perceive that the de-
partment has only had a three years' existence.
The Senator from Michigan says it ought never
to bave had three minutes. Well, sir, as the 1
Senator from Michigan was in the Senate when
the bill was passed and I was not, I would like to
know from the Senator from Michigan whether
when the bill establishing the department was
before the Senate he opposed the establish- ,
ment of it.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not remember what 1
I may have done on that occasion. My con-
victions always have been that the bureau, so '
called, was entirely useless and was nothing
bat an incumbrance to the Government: and i
 uch 1 believe to be the fact and always will be 1
the fact.
Mr. DRAKE. Very well, Mr. President,
oow i  just as good a time as any other to de- ,
tcrmioe "hether this bureau shall continue to
exist; and I beg the attention of the Senate
w 'he facts of the case. Let us see what the
hnreau is. what it was established for. The
Ninth Congress was not so very (ar
behind the Fortieth and Forty-First in wisdom
t kf°0<? *®n8e that it should be accused of
establishing a department of the Government
which ought never to have bad, as the Senator
from Michigan says, three minutes of exist-
ence. Let us look at it and see what it was
that the Thirty-Ninth Congress established. I
read from the net of March 2, 1867, the first
section of which provided :
" That there shall be established at the cUy of
Waahingtoaa Department of Education fur the pur-
pose of oollcoting such statistics and facts as shall
show the condition and progress of education in tho
several States and Territories, ami of diffusing such
information respecting the organisation and man-
agement of schools and school systems, and methods
of teaching, as shall nid the pcoplo of tho United
States in toe establishment and malntennnco of
efficient sehool systems, and otherwise promote the
causo of education throughout tho oountry."
Now, sir, that was the foundation upon which
the department of education was established
by the Thirty-Ninth Congress. To do this a
Commissioner of Education wasappointed. and
the third section of the act declared as follows:
" That it shall be the duty of the Commissioner of
Education to present annually to Congress a report
embodying the results of his investigations and
labors, together with a statement of such facts and
r«commendations as will, in hi* judgment, subserve
the purpose for which this Department is estab-
lished."
That was the work which this Commissioner
had to do, and in order to do it the act of 1867
appropriated $4,000 for his salary, and gave
him a chief clerk at $2,000, one clerk at $1,800,
and one at $1,600, making $9,400 for the Com-
missioner and his clerks. Now, sir, they have
cut down the Commissioner to $3,000, and they
propose to give him only two clerks of class
one at $1,200 apiece.
The office went on until the 30th day of June,
1869, when the department was abolished and
there was established a Bureau of Education,
with a salary to the chief officer, the Commis-
sioner. of $3,000, and who should—
" Under the direction of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior"—
Mark it—
"discbarge all such duties, and superintend, exe-
cute, and perform all such acts and things touch-
ing and respecting the said office of education as are
devolved by law upon said Commissioner of Educa-
tion."
The duty, the function, the power originally !
invested in the Commissioner of the depart- j
ment of education all continued in the chief j
of the Bureau of Education. Now, sir, the j
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
says that for this Bureau of Education there is
no law giving the clerks that the House of Rep-
resentatives specify in the bill. I beg leave to
reply to that in this way: that in the very act,
an appropriation act, which abolished the de-
partment of education and devolved the func-
tionson a Bureau of Education, there was pro-
vision made for a chief clerk at $2,000, for one
clerk at $1,800, and one clerk at $1,600, the
very same that had existed when it was a de-
partment of education. And now the result
is that the amendment t>f the Committee on
Appropriations, so far as regards the clerical
force, is itself Cutting down that which was
previously authorized by law.
Mr. SAWYER. Will the Senator allow me
a question ?
Mr. DRAKE. Yes, sir.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask the Senator what the
appropriation was for last year; whether it was
not precisely what thfc committee now recom-
mend?
Mr. DRAKE. The appropriation for the
last year? 1 was reading from the appropria-
tion act of 1868.
Mr. SAWYER. Eighteenhundred and sixty-
nine, I understood the Senator. I
Mr. DRAKE. No, sir; 1 read tho-act which j
stated that he should have a chief clerk at
$2,000, one clerk at $1;800, and one clerk at 1
$1,600 from the act of 1868, making appropri-
ations for the year ending June 30, 1865).
Mr. SAWYER. The act making appropri-
ations for the-year ending June 30, 1870, the ,
Senator will find, appropriates the game as is
recommended by the Committee on Appro-
priations in this bill. That is my impression.
Mr. DRAKE. Suppose it to be so; if the
Senator can find the appropriation act for
the year ending the 80th of June, 1870, at d
shows that, what does he show? Simply a
cutting down of the appropriation lust year
from that which was authorized at the very
time the department was abolished and the
bureau substituted. Now, the House of Rep-
resentatives, in regard to the clerical force,
asks us to go back to what it was fixed at in
1868; and that is all they ask.
But sir, there is another point of view. You
will remark that in this $14 500 there are em-
braced several items besides the clerical hire.
Here is "stationery, $600;" then ''library,
$1,000; collecting statistics, and writing and
compiling matter for annual and special re-
ports, $3,000; contingencies, $1,600.'' Those
items euter into the $14,500. The clerical ap-
propriation is not a dollar more than it was by
the act abolishing the department and creat-
ing the bureau. What do we find in regard to
incidentals? Why, sir, in the act of 1868
there was not less than $10,600 appropriated
for incidental expenses. Now, the appropri-
ation of the House on.y asks $5.860; only asks
about one half what the act of 1868 gave.
Sir, there are two things before the Senate
in this connection: first, the objection to the
existence of the bureau at all. If the Senate
considers that the bureau ought to cease to
exist, then striko out the appropriation and
declare that it shall cease to exist. On the
other hand, if it is not to be abolished, the
proper provision should be made for making it
effective, i call the attention of the Senate to
the fact that the appropriation which the HouBe
put upon this bill is very much lower than any
appropriation that was made for the same objects
while it was a department, and yet the bureau
is charged with all the duties and responsibil-
ities that devolved upon the department.
i hope, sir, that the amendment of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations will not be agreed
*x>. Why should we confer the means, the
occasion, the opportunity for such remarks as
the Senator from Michigan has made, assailing
this institution of the Government, by crippling
the bureau to such an extent that u cannot do
anything, and then abolish it because it does
nothing? One of two things should be done:
either abolish the burean—come right square up
to it and strike it out of existence—or else give
it some vitality; give it back something of the
force it had as a department, and do not pay a
Commissioner $3,000 a year merely to hold his
hands and do nothing.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think it is
now apparent that the committee acted wisely
in not undertaking by an appropriation to
change an established law upon a br.inch of
the public service. There is nothing moro
absolutely necessary, if the Senate intends to
make any progress with the appropriation bills,
than that they should confine themselves to
what the law is, and not undertake to regulate
the service. The Committee oa Appropria-
tions of the Senate has confined itself to the
law as it stands that provided tor the Bureau
of Education, and the effort now is to change
that service.
Mr. DRAKE. If the chairman of the com-
mittee will permit me, I beg leave to say to
him that the proposition he has just enunciated
is a mistake of facts; and I think I have it ia
my power in a moment to show the Senator
that he is mistakeu in the facts.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will hear it.
Mr. DRAKE. When the department of
education was abolished and the bureau t ub-
stituted, in the very act, in the very section
that did that thing, it provided for the c  m
pensation of the OonainUsioner; for a cl ief
clerk at $2,000; for a c erk at $1,800; Hid
for a clerk at $1,600. In the very same lec-
tion that made the change that was the previs-
ion which was made; an I we only ask tc go
back to that; that is all. Since that tiun it
