1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
401
41st Gong....2d Sess.
Northern Pacific Railroad—Mr. Grebs.
Ho. of Reps.
and ineffectual. It may provoke, as it is in-
tended, trouble, collision, riot, and bloodshed,
but its penalties will be scorned. This will be
thecase in New York city, upon which we were
informed this bill was intended to operate, the
registration clause especially.
Do you imagine that New York city can be
molded to your shape by such measures as
this? Do you suppose^ that a law like this,
which turns its back on justice and moves away
from the shrine of liberty can exact from that
metropolis the homage we bear to that better
law which is called the world's collected wis-
dom and the good man's defense, founded on
moral rectitude and eternal truth ? No, sir; it
will not aid Radicals to carry elections. The
clamps of the Republican party at Albany have
been fixed on that city by State legislation and
city commissions for years. Every year brought
fresh dissatisfaction with this system of gov-
ernment until the revolution of last year.
Although the Republican party had the police
of New York city; although they had all the
power to control, arrest, and punish repetitions
and fraudulent voting, yet a larger majority has
been rolled up there against the Republican
party with every year. No intelligent man.
whatever lie may think of some of the sores of
that body-politic, and of some of the incidents
inseparable from a great city, but will believe
that New York is becoming more and more
Democratic every day, and that this bill will
add still further to its Democratic strength.
Therefore, it ought to be entitled "a bill to
secure the supremacy of the Democratic party,
and the increase of its votes in New York
city."
Mr. ALLISON. Why do you not vote, then,
for this bill?
Mr. COX. 1 do not vote here to aggrand-
ize party. I hope that my friend from Iowa
votes on a higher plane than that. He is so
serene, kind, and handsome. [Laughter.]
I know full well whence emanate all the
slanders against the Democracy of New York.
They are from the same source as that which
clamors for the naturalization bill of my col-
league, [Mr. Davis.] I do not wonder that
my colleague—and 1 desire to speak of him
with all respect—thinks rather poorly of New
York city after his recent experience there.
But that experience is, I fear, associated with
the source of these slanders and clamors. I
think I have put this plainly enough; but I
will repeat the statement for my colleague. 1
say that all these slanders on the New York
Democracy come from the New York Tribune,
most of the editors of which live outside of that
city, and have no sympathy with its masses
and no votes in the city. If 1 were disposed to
enter more fully on the defense of New York
to-day—and if I could shield her from this
legislation I would do so—I could show that
she has a cheaper and a better government, in
which there is less fraud than in your Ohicagos
or Cincinnatis or Philadelphias or Rochesters,
and less taxation, ay, and less crime, and crime
of a different and less hateful grade and kind
than Boston.
Mr. STEVENSON. The gentleman will do
well if he can do that.
Mr. COX. It will not do for gentlemen of
the Republican party, at least in New York
State, who the other day gave all their votes
in the New York Legislature for the new char-
ter, to impeach the character of that honored
and glorious State with its ninety-one thousand
Democratic majority. Her Democracy, under
the lead of her Governor, John T. Hoffman,
have overcome many trials and dangers. Their
motto, like that of their State, is " Excelsior."
They have asked no favors from the Federal
Government. They raised in the war for the
Union more than their quotas, as a Repub-
lican Legislature declared, in vindication of
ex-Governor Seymour. They pay more than
41st Cong. 2jd Sess.—No. 26.
their share of the taxes by tariff and internal
revenue. They ask but justice. They ask to
be left something of their inheritance of self-
government. They only ask here and now, as
they have asked for years of their Republican
brethren at home, for local self-government.
They ask to have saved to them the home rights,
the chartered rights, the municipal rights, and
the State rights ; each and all accordant and
not inharmonious with their proper Federal
relations. They have been taught even by the
Puritan John Milton that in the building of the
temple there are divers materials, cedars and
marble ; that there are many dissections and
shapes of these materials artfully laid together,
though not united in continuity, and that the
perfection of the temple, like that of our
political fabric, consists in this, that "out of
many moderate varieties and brotherly dis-
similitudes that are not vastly disproportional
there arises the goodly and graceful symmetry
that commands the whole pile and structure !"
When this fabric is disfigured, disproportioned,
and disordered by bills like this and by kin-
dred measures; when new bills of pains and
penalties are pressed on them by Radical big-
otry and malice; when this system of spies and
informers is added to the restrictions already
heaped upon their commerce and their indus-
try; when to Federal taxation, internal and
external, with its inquisitions, seizures, annoy-
ances, burdens, and frauds, is superadded the
espionage, litigations, persecutions, indict-
ments, and penalties, fostered by a horde of
Federal detectives and police to overawe their
free suffrage and control their local govern-
ment, they will prepare and nerve themselves
for the conflict. They have by State suprem-
acy at Albany broken your yokes of wood;
and, with God's help, they will break the yokes
of iron now forging lor them in this Federal
capital I
Northern Pacific Railroad.
REMARKS OF HON. JOHN M. CREBS,
/ OP ILLINOIS,
Is' the House of Representatives,
May 25, 1870,
The House having under consideration the joint res-
olution (S. It. No. 121) authorizing the Northern
Pacific railroad to issue its bonds for the construc-
tion of its road, and to secure the same by mort-
gage, and for other purposes.
Mr. CREBS. Mr. Speaker, I only seek the
floor for the purpose of explaining the reasons
that will influence me in recording my vote on
the bill and amendments now pending before
the House. I regard it, Mr. Speaker, as one
of the most if not the most important question
that has or will come before us for action dur-
ing the present session of Congress. I have
ever thought that large grants of lands a,re dan-
gerous and inimical to the best interests of this
.Government; and while among my constitu-
ents, atleast, it will not be doubted for a moment
that I am a decided railroad man, yet, while
the Government is a party on the one hand
and a railroad corporation on the other, I feel
it my duty to look to the interests of the great
mass of the people representing the Govern-
ment, rather than to those of the corporation
seeking untold millions in the way of subsidies
from the same.
I am free to admit that in one view of the
case much good has been done to the country
by grants of land to railroads; that thereby
new places of settlement have been opened up
that otherwise would have been still a howling
wilderness; yet the blessings conferred on the
country by these grants are but temporary,
while the evils will continue through all time
to come. Landed monopolies have been the
bane of all nations in the past history of the
world, and will be surely the bane of this ; and
while I have said that reasonable grants of land
have been and may still be beneficial to our
country in developing its immense resources,
yet grants almost limitless in extent, as will be
given should this bill become a law, will be
dangerous to the very existence of the Govern-
ment, and ruinous to all that class of our citi-
zens who earn their living by the sweat of thei r
brow, and who are now or will be in the future
seekingfor homes and roof-trees upon the broad
and fertile fields of the West.
By the act incorporating the Northern Pacific
Railroad Company and authorizing the build-
ing of a railroad and telegraph line from Lake
Superior to Puget sound, passed July 2,1864,
the right of way was given said company over
all Government lands on said route, and the
United States further agreed to extinguish all
Indian titles not only to the lands through
which the right of way extended, but also to
all lands granted by said act to said company.
And by said act there was also granted said
company alternate sections (being the odd-
numbered sections) along the line of said road
to the extent of twenty sections per mile on
each side of the same through its whole length
passing through the Territories of the United
States, making through the Territories twenty-
five thousand six hundred acres per mile, and
ten sections per mile on each side of the same,
on the whole length of the line passing through
any of the States of the Union, in the States
making twelve thousand eight hundred acres
per mile ; thus giving to them as a subsidy for
the building of their road a territory almost
equal in extent to the whole State of Illinois.
It was further provided in said grant that it
should be void unless said company should
obtain within two years bona fide subscrip-
tions to the amount of $20,000,000, of which
ten per cent, should actually be paid into the
treasury of said company, and they were pre-
cluded from incumbering said lands in any
way until their road should be bnilt.
The two years had nearly passed and no-
thing had been done, when, on the 7th of May,
1860, we find the company again here, im-
portuning Congress for an extension of time
for two years longer, in which they might com-
ply with the terms of the grant on their part;
and Congress heeded their appeal and granted
the extension, which time expired on the 2d
of July, 1868, at which time nothing was still
done. But when this time had nearly passed,
that is, on the 1st day of July, 1868, at the re-
quest of the company Congress again extend-
ed the time for the building of the road for two
years longer, with no additional restrictions
except that one hundred miles should be com-
pleted within that time, and the whole road to
be built by the 4th of July, 1877.
But later still, on the 1st of March, 18G9, new
powers were granted said company, to mort-
gage the lands and franchises, and a wide and
almost unlimited range was given in which to
fix the western termini, so that to-day the grant
first made, by the changes in favor of the com-
pany, is worth to them nearly double its value
under the original law.
And now, Mr. Speaker, we find the company
here again asking a new lease of time; and not
content with this, asking an increase of the
grant almost limitless. And I fear not to assert
that should the bill be passed in its present
shape you transfer to this company a territory
almost equal in extent to the two States of
Illinois and Indiana combined. You place
in the hands of a corporation an empire in
extent. You say you do it to open up new
lands and new countries for settlement; but at
the same time you place the country thus opened
up in the control of a soulless corporation, and
place the hardy pioneer desiring to seek a
home in the West entirely at its mercy, and at
such mercy only as the wolf gives to the lauib.
And what do we know of this mighty corpor-
