1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4247
select Committee on the Revision of the Rules,
on the 4th instant:
Ecaolv'd, That the thirtieth rule of the Senate be
amended by adding thereto the following:
And no amendment herein authorized, " unless it
be made to carry out the provisions of some exist-
ing law, or some act or resolution previously passed
by the foenate during that session," shall be received
or adopted without a two-thirds vote; and the ques-
tion on receiving such amendment for consideration,
shall bo decided without debate.
And no amendment to any such bill making legis-
lative provisions otber than such as directly relate
to the appropriations oontained in tho bill, shall bo
received or adopted without a two-thirds vote.
And any pending amendment to an appropriation
bill may belaid on thetablewithoutaffectingthebili.
It shall be in order at anv time, when an appro-
priation bill is under consideration,- by a two-thirds
vote, to order the termination of debate at a time
fixed, in respect to any item or amendment thereof
then under consideration; which order shall be acted
upon without debate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do notintend to occupy
the time of the Senate; probably Senators
understand what the object and effect of this
proposed change is ; but I wish to say for the
committee, that, having this subject referred to
them upon a resolution introduced by the Sen-
ator from Iowa, [Mr. Harlau,] their only desire
was to endeavor to get the Senator to try this
experiment for the short remainder of this
session, and see if they couldnotcondense and
narrow down our work on appropriation bills
so as to have more time for something else.
Having considerable faith in this proposition
ourselves, we shall be glad to have the Senate
try the experiment if they will. Of course our
only motive is to aid the general business of
the body. If the Senate prefer not to do it,
we are entirely satisfied.
Now, in reply to my friend from Maine, [Mr.
Hamlin,] I only wish to say that in every one
of the respects as to which he spoke a day or
two ago in complaint of the action of the com-
mittee the Senate can find a sufficient answer
in the observations of my friend from Illinois,
[Mr. Trumbull,] who demonstrated pretty
clearly 
Mr. STEWART. Has the Senator modified
the proposition so as to apply it only to the
remainder of this session?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir; but that can bo
done by the addition of a word, if it suits the
Senate bettor. The Senator from Illinois must
have satisfied anybody who paid attention to
liim, as I hope everybody did, that the first two
branches of this new rule, limiting the power
of the Senate by a mere majority to ride an
appropriation bill down with all sorts of
schemes of legislation, which may be well
enough in themselves, but which we have no
time to consider deliberately in the form of
■amendments, were good notwithstanding what
my friend frcMi Maine thinks.
And as to the last part of the resolution,
wkich authorizes two thirds to terminate debate
upon any one amendment, the Senator from
Maine has demonstrated that the Senator from
Illinois is wrong in his fears about that. The
ouly real objection made to that has been that
it would be 111 the power of some gentleman
to offer an amendment, and then ask the Sen-
ate to vote upon it at once, without any debate.
But it must be remembered that he must have
two thirds of the Senators to think it so plain
that it requires no debate at all to consent to
it before he can do that; and yet the answer
is still more-obvious wh^n we know that even
with rules wh'xh require unanimous consent,
any reasonable explanation that any^Senator
desires to make is always received. There is
no danger in it.
I should be very glad, indeed, speaking for
the committee and for the general interest, to
have the Senate try this experiment for the
remainder of the session ; and then if they do
not like it they can repeal it, or if Senators
prefer, I will modify the proposition so as to
have it operate only for the remainder of the
session ; and if Senators dislike it after two
or three days' trial on the next appropriation
bill, they can rescind it on one day's notice.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I am satisfied
that the mode of proceeding in relation to ap-
propriation bills ought to be reformed, and
that more expedition in passing bills of that
character ought to be had if it can be properly
had, and I believe it can be. I think that the
third proposition of the report of the Commit-
tee on Rules is all that is necessary ; and to
secure that end I will be willing myself to have
it adopted for this session. It reads in these
■words:
.And any pending amendment to an appropriation
bill may bo laid on tho tabic without affecting the
bill.
That motion being in order at all times, and
cutting off all debate, will* bring the Senate im-
mediately to act upon the proposition of amend-
ment pending. It will be a very important
change in the proceedings of the Senate, and,
in my judgment, would be a very valuable
reformation.
I am glad to hear the Senator from Vermont
express his consent that any modification of
the rule such as he proposes should be limited
in its effect to the present session. I do not
think there ought to bo a permanent change in
the rules, of the character embodied in the
proposition ; and I trust that tho honorable
Senator will be satisfied himself to restrict his
reformation to the clause which I have read,
and to make it applicable only for this session.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, of all the
embarrassments in courts of justice or in legis
lative bodies, the multiplication of rules is per-
haps the greatest. I am opposed to all the
provisions embraced in the scheme furnished
us by the Senator from Vermont. I think,
instead of facilitating business and promoting
the public interest, it will promote a waste of
time and an increase of discussion. All such
rales and the multiplicity of rules tend rather
to entangle justice than to throw light upon the
subject or to facilitate business.
I am entirely opposed to all these provisions,
and I hope they will not bo adopted. The first
one is objectionable because it is a departure
from the old rule, which has ever prevailed in
the Senate, that a majority vote is sufficient to
bring before the body the consideration of any
amendment that may be offered to an appro-
priation bill under the thirtieth rule. The
amendment proposed by the Senator from
Vermont requires that before such an amend-
ment to an appropriation bill can be received
even by the Senate it must be passed upon
by a two thirds vote. We all know that there
are many meritorious amendments to appro-
priation bills which ought to be acted upon by
the Senate which cannot and would not be
acted on under so stringent a rule as this, re-
quiring two thirds of the body to vote for an
amendment in order to receive it and subject
it to the action of the Senate. This, instead
of facilitating business and saving time, would
embarrass business and waste time, as I pre-
dict.
The next provision is equally objectionable:
And no amendment to any such bill makinglegis-
lativo provisions, other than sneli as directly relate
to the appropriations contained m the bill, shall be
received or adopted without a two-thirds vote.
A two thirds vote is to be obtained before
such an amendment can receive any consid-
eration. It is almost tantamount, where the
amendment is disputed, to a refusal to act
upon it.
Then again, sir, the last item is :
It shall be in order at any time, when an appropri-
ation bill id under consideration, by a two-thirds vote,
to order the termination of debate at a time_n\ed,
in respect to any item or amendment thereof then
under consideration ; which order shall be acted
upon without debate.
I do not propose to discuss that clause, which
lias been so ably discussed by the Senator from
Illinois and the Senator from Maine. It is an
attempt, indirectly to introduce the previous
question into the Senate. I am opposed to
that. I never wish to see the previous ques-
tion introduced into the Senate, directly or in-
directly. There may be some inconvenience,
it is true, in the waste of public time by the
debates that go on in the Senate; but it is to
be remembered at the same time that this free-
dom of debate, freedom of discussion, the ab-
sence of the previous question in the Senate,
is one of the greatest safeguards that can be
invented in reference to truth and to the pub-
lic interest. I never wish to see the gag placed
upon the lips of members of this body. We
are not sufficiently numerous, and we all are
of that class of gentlemen, I trust, who under-
stand the proprieties of debate as well as of
life, and I should regret ever to see the previous
question introduced into the Senate. I do not
think the country requires it; I do not think
the public interests require it; and I believe, if
we attempt any such thing, we shall meet with
the general condemnation of the people of the
United States. I hope, sir, that neither of
these clauses will be^adopted.
■ Mr. POMEROY. I agree measurably with
this report, although I was not present when
it was agreed to in committee; but I have
thought that perhaps we were undertaking too
much iu one single amendment to the rule.
If' the Senate would agree to the last two prop-
ositions contained in this amendments would
be at least one step, and a great step, as the
Senator from Kentucky has said, in the right
direction; and if we accomplish that, it will
be practically what is necessary, I think, for
the purpose. One of these propositions is:
And any pending ainondment to an appropriation
bill may lie laid on the tablo without affecting tho
bill.
That is not a harsh nor an unjust provision.
Under the common parliamentary law and out-
present rules, if a motion should be made to
lay an amendment on the table, and it should
succeed, it would carry the bill with it. This
clause simply reverses that rule, so far as ap-
propriation bills are concerned, and the sense
of the Senate may at once be had by moving
to lay an amendment on the table after it has
been explaiued, without carrying the bill with
it. Then we get the sense of the Senate whether
they will consider that amendment or not. If
they conclude not to lay it on the tabic, but to
consider it, then, after it has been debated
sufficiently, two thirds of tho Senate, under the
other clause, which I am in favor of, may term-
inate the debate or may fix a time when the
debate shall terminate on that single proposi-
tion ; that is all. I think those two features
of this report certainly should be acquiesced
in by the Senate to promote the public interest.
Mr. DAVIS. If the honorable Senator will
allow me to make one single suggestion to him
I beg leave to do so.
Mr. POMEROY. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. The principle of a two-thirds
vote in the course of legislation is certainly an
innovation.
Mr. POMEROl'. But it is simply a two-
thirds vote to terminate debate; it does not
pass the bill.
Mr. DAVIS. It is an innovation in the
Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. I know it, and I am glad
of it.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not think there would
be any need of it if the proposition immedi-
ately preceding it, on which the honorable
Senator has commented so sensibly, should be
adopted.
Mr. POMEROY. I am willing to vote on
these propositions separately and take the sense
of the Senate on them. I am satisfied that ihe
last two certainly ought to be adopted; but
even if oitfs was adopted, it would be a great
relief on appropriation bills. 1 allu'ie par-
ticularly to the clause allowing us to move to
lay an amendment on the table. Ihe last two
clauses of the report, I think, certainly could
be adopted by the Senate. \Ve must remember
that we have thirty-seven States, and we make
