1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5191
Now it is useless to ignore the fact that that law
was intended on the part of the law-makers
gimply to declare that the members of that
third party should not be held to be members
of either one of the political parties which,
under the law of 1858, were competent to sit
upon election boards; and that is all that that
law intended. The existence of that revolu-
tionary party was simply a fact recognized by
the Legislature, and the law of 1862 was in-
tended to operate on that party alone, and to
cease to be operative when that party ceased
to have an actual or active existence. In order
to disqualify its members that party must con-
tinue to exist as a distinct political organiza-
tion, cherishing the purposes entertained by it
at the date of the law. Otherwise the law has
no subject whereon to act, and simply becomes,
as my colleague well says, an obsolete euact-
ment.
Now, it should be remembered, as it has not
been, and especially by the distinguished gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Air. Banks,] that
through this entire record it is nowhere shown
that during the canvass which preceded this
election, or when these officers were appointed,
or when this election was held, there did in
fact exist such a party in Kentucky as is named
in that law of 1862, or that one single officer
who acted or presided at one of these elections
was in fact a member of that proscribed polit-
ical party. But it is vital to the claim of the
contestant that he should have brought such
testimony; that he should have shown the
existence of such a class and the affiliation
and fraternization with that party of the offi-
cers of these election boards. He has not done
it anywhere. The statement is not true, and
ought not to have any influence upon this
House. There is a general declaration that
A B, G D, and other election officers were in
the rebellion, that they had been rebels, that
they had been disloyal, but there is not one
word of evidence that they belonged to this
proscribed third party, now or then, when they
were appointed or acting—not one word of
testimony that at that time they were acting
disloyally to the Government of the United
States or to the government of Kentucky.
The allegations of the contestant and the tes-
timony are alike general on these points, and
merely charge past acts of disloyalty or past
disloyal sympathies. This does not meet the
law or call for the rejection of a single poll or
vote.
But, Mr. Speaker, I want the distinguished
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks]
also to remember—for I am sure he could not
have examined the evidence in this case or he
would not have talked as he did—that if you
reject every precinct where such officer pre-
sided you do not change the result, or elect
Colonel Barnes, or impair the right of the sit-
ting member to retain his seat, it is also true
that if you cast out every precinct in which
the election officers were not equally divided
between the only two existing parties in the
State, the Democratic and Republican, you
will increase Mr. Adams's majority by nearly
one thousand votes, as shown by the evidence.
Again, to any one who is familiar with the
testimony and law in this case the statement
of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. May-
hard,] that the election officers purposely and
designedly failed and refused to take the oath
required by the law, must appear impressively
strange, if not reckless and desperate. A more
baseless allegation in this case could not be
made. There is simply nothing in the record
even to give it color of truth.
It does not affirmatively appear except as to
a few officers that they did not take the oath.
And as to nearly all of them the presumption
is not excluded bythe testimony that they may
have taken the requisite oath at or prior to the
August election, instead of the November elec-
tion. They were appointed for a year, and to
hold all elections in that year in their respect-
ive precincts. If they qualified preparatory
to the first election, that was enough. But
whether they did or not, in the absence of
fraud, of which none is proved against any of
them, the election is valid and must be sus-
tained. They were all de facto officers, and
having acted in good faith, and the result of
the election being fairly and fully ascertained,
there is no ground of rejection left. On the
subject of the true rule of law applicable to
such cases the argument and citations of au-
thority by my colleague [Mr. McCrary] are
so full, able, and conclusive that I need to add
nothing.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Basks] says the Democratic Senators and Rep-
resentatives in a late brief address to their
political friends throughout the country ad-
vised them not to send men to this House who
labor under any political disabilities. He makes
the strange inference therefrom that they gave
such advice because they admit to be sound
the theories of law and of congressional power
upon which he and some others seek to reject
the legal and honest votes of this district cast
for Mr. Adams and to seat Colonel Barnes,
whom the electors rejected and defeated. I
want to say to the gentleman that our advice
had no such motive. It was prompted solely
by our observation here of the lawless conduct
of the majority in keeping out Democrats, no
matter how triumphantly elected, and seating
their friends, no matter how small the number
of their votes or how flimsy the pretexts upon
which they claim admission here.
We believed and knew that the most gross
injustice had been done against Democratic
members-elect from the South, and we knew
that the slightest and most shadowy pretext
would be seized to justily it by the majority,
and by our advice we desired to avoid giving
that pretext. That is all. We believe that if
the people elect members to this House who
are under disabilities the Congress ought to
relieve them, to the end that they may enter
the office and perform the duties assigned them
by their people. But such just and reasonable
conduct has been repeatedly refused by the
majority here. For this reason also we gave
the advice.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. McCRARY. I now yieid ten minutes
to the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Poland.]
Mr. POLAND. Mr. Speaker, I felt some-
what gratified in reading this report that we
were likely to have one election case at least
decided upon proper, legal, judicial grounds ;
that we were at least to have the spectacle here
of one election case that was to be discussed
and decided upon something besides mere par-
tisan grounds. I did not anticipate that my
excellent friend from Indiana [Mr. Cobuen]
and the gallant gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Basks] would find occasion to make such
loud and violent war speeches as they have
made. I supposed that after the lapse of more
than five years their feelings would have cooled
off to some extent. But the patriotic fire seems
to be burning in the breasts of these gentlemen
with more fury and zeal than during the war
itself.
I had occasion, Mr. Speaker, at a former
period, when I was blessed so far as to be a
member of the Committee of Elections, to be
called upon to examine these very Kentucky
statutes. They were before the last Congress,
and an election case was decided upon them—
the famous ease of McKee and Young, where
McKee received his seat here upon this floor
by much less than a majority of the Ilepublican
vote ; and I have never yet known any man who
voted for him who felt like bragging about it.
I say that I had occasion to examine these
Kentucky statutes upou this subject at a prior
period. ' And although my opinion in regard to
the correctness of the judgment of the commit-
tee would not compare with that of my learned
friend from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] and other
gentlemen, I will venture to give it. 1 think
that any lawyer who will examine these statutes
without any partisan feelings will say that our
committee have given them the true and proper
construction. Let us see, Mr. Speaker, what
a curious dilemma my learned friend from Ohio
falls into. The statute of 1858 provides that
the election officers shall be divided between
the two political parties. My friend from Ohio
and my zealous friend from Tennessee [Mr.
Maynard] both concede that this statute is
merely directory ; that every man of either
political party is eligible to appointment to the
office of judge, and that if the judges who are
to appoint the election officers disregarded that
provision of the statute and appointed more
than one half from one political party it would
not invalidate the election. Now, what is this
famous statute of 1802?
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to say that the
gentleman does not state my position correctly;
that is not the attitude I assumed.
Mr. POLAND. Thegentleman is very much
further out of the way than I supposed he was
then.
Mr. MAYNARD. Very well; I desire in
the estimation of that gentleman on some of
these questions to be considered out of the way.
With my view of his position in regard to them
I should be very sorry if ho thought 1 con-
curred with him, or anybody else thought so.
Mr. POLAND. I had supposed my learned
friend had at least been right in one thing ; but
it turns out that I was mistaken. Let us look
at it for a moment.
Every man of either political party is eligible
to be an election officer ; the judges disregard
that requirement of law that they shali appoint
half from each party ; every man appointed is
perfectly eligible to the appointment by law;
but the judges have disregarded the provision
that they shall take one half from one party and
one half from the other. On what ground is it
that a man does not legally hold the office?
The gentleman from Ohio said, and said very
correctly, that the statute of 1858 was merely
directory ; and then he went on and said that the
statute of 1802, which was merely explanatory,
giving a construction to the act of 1858, which
he says was directory, is itself absolute and
imperative, and fixes an absolute qualification.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Doesnot the act of 1862
impose an absolute prohibition ?
Mr. POLAND. You will learn whether I
think so or not if you will wait a moment.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Is it not mandatory ?
Mr. POLAND. I know thegentleman says
it is mandatory, but I understand that it is the
first instance in the history of legislation in
Kentucky or anywhere else where a statute
explanatory of a directory law is itself manda-
tory and prohibitory.
Mr. LAWRENCE. II is more than explan-
atory.
Mr. POLAND. As I have but ten minutes
I cannot debate much with my friend.
Now, as to the statute of 1862, the gentle-
man says that the true and legal reading of
that statute is that every person who has
engaged in rebellion for the overthrow of the
Government, or who has in any way aided,
counseled, or advised the separation of Ken-
tucky from the Federal Union, or adhered to
those engaged in the rebellion, shall be forever
disqualified from being election officers. My
friend says that that is what the Legislature,
the Cramers of the statute, intended by it. Now,
if they intended that, it would have been very
easy to say so; it would have been much shorter
•and easier to have got at it in that way; but
instead of that they have said that in constru-
ing the act of 1858 the party which is composed
of these persons shall not be considered one of
the parties from which the court is to make the
selection of election officers.
My friend from Ohio [Mr. Lawiiexce] says
another thing which is very correct, that in
the construction of any statute it is very proper
to look at concurrent history. He says that,
as the committee think, at that time there was
just such a parly as this in Kentucky, a party
