1416
THB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
a certain Basher of ckaa two, ud a certain
number of class one, and alao fifty-five female
clerk*, I say we cannotand aaght sot to upset
like law orgaaiaiog the Department by declar-
ing that any number of women mar be em-
ployed, taking til0 same pay aa the male clerks.
We liava given thwa iu this appropriation bill
the maximan amount allow*a by law; and
if we say here that these females may be
appointed clerks of claw one, class two, class
three, or class four, with the pay attaching
to those respective olassee, we interfere with
the law as it now stands, which limits these
classes to male clerks, and the women could
only be admitted by distinct legislation.
lir. HOLMAN. is there any law fixing the
compensation of fanale clerks?
Mr. BECK. There is not.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is not the amount fixed
by the appropriation bills?
Mr. BECK. That is as I understand it;
but the number is limited in this Department.
It is provided that there shall be so many male
and so many tems!e clerks. The number is pro-
vided by the organic act, as it is provided here.
And the whole fact is this: we hare at least
a thousand female clerks now in the employ
of the Government, all receiving the same sal-
ary, $900. If you raise them to first-class
clerks, you make aa increase in the expense
to the Government of $300,000: if to second-
class clerks, aa increase of $500,000; if to third-
class clerks, an increase of $700,000; and if
to foarth-class clerks, an increase of $900,000.
That is the effect of this amendment.
Mr. VOORHEES. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. BECK. Certainly.
Mr. VOORHEES. Do I understand the
gentleman to oppose paying women the same
amount that we pay mea for the same services?
Mr. BECK. I do notoppoee it; bat I say that
yon cannot do it by a proviso of this sort. The
law organising this bureau provides for the
aumber of clerks to be employed therein, male
and female; and to accomplish this object you
most pasa a law providing that women shall be
first-class clerks, and second-class clerks, and
third-class clerks, and fourth-class clerks. It is
independent legislation, and yon cannot effect
your object by a proviso on 1 Ais bill.
Mr. MAYHAM. Ia there anything ia the
law organizing this Department which precludes
females from being clerlu of either class?
lir. BECK. I think there is distinctly;
beeaase, after providing for clerks of all the
iilirrsat rlssitrs it provides for fifty-fivo female
clerks indapisdmst of these, and no more and
no less.
Mr. FARN8WORTH. This amendment
does not propose to appropriate any more
money than the bill dees. If a female takes
the place of a higher-class clerk aha takes the
pay of that clerk.
Mr. BECK, fiat yoa mast authorize her by
law to take the place. Y ou cannot do it by a
proviso of this sort. What 1 object to is this
indirect mode of legislation, overthrowing the
organic act of the Department by a proviso in
an appropriation bill. Introduce a bill to an-
thorize women to hold these places and 1 shall
not have a word te say against it if they are
as competent aa men.
Mr. VOORHEES. If the gentleman from
Kentucky will allow me, I desire to say in
general terms that I will vote with pleasure to
pay women exactly aa we pay men for similar
services. It is no matter to ns to whom we
pay it. We pay lor what we get, and as hon-
est mea we should pay everybody that we em-
ploy according to die work they do for ns.
l'hai is a plain, honest proposition. I do not
understand the details of the proposition now
before the House, nor did I rise to discuss it,
bat simply to annoanee that as soon as it is
possible to reach that basis of notion I think
this House ought to da it. It ia not a question
of sympathy; it is not a claim for sympathy;
it ia a claim for exaot, absolute joatiee. If
w« employ two hands and one head to do the
work of any other two hands and another head
we should pay the same wages.
Mr. BECK. Before the hammer falls let me
say that I approve of the principle announced
by the gentlemau from Indiana, [Mr. Voor-
hkks ;] but this is not the proper place to carry
it out. Without violatiug the law you cannot
do it.
[Here the hammer fell. J
The amendment to the amendment was with-
drawn.
Mr. KELLEY. I renew the amendment to
the amendment, and I do it for the purpose of
saying that I find myself agreeing with gentle-
men who take the most opposite views of this
qneetion. I believe justice requires that the
Government shall pay to whoever does work
for it all it is worth and no more, and therefore
if I could with safety to them vote to increase
the pay of female clerks to an equality with
that paid to men I would do it; bat for the
reasons so ably set forth by the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations I am satisfied
that if you make the pay equal tba ballot and
political maneuvering will exclude women from
all Government employment; voters will ret it
and women will be left to strive for them-
selves in other fields.
And this brings me to the remarka of the gen-
tleman from Arkansas [Mr. Roqkrs] as to the
character of the ladies employed by this Gov-
ernment. I do not know many of them person-
ally, but among the few that I do know are some
of the most accomplished women of my ac-
quaintance, women who have seen better days*
and who, when their husbands were living,
adorned the best society of the country. They
are then earning an honest living for them-
selves and for their sick sisters older than them-
selves. 1 know some of great worth and high
character, who would grace any circle of
society, and who are earning a living for them-
selves and their orphan children, and submit-
ting almost to penury that their children may
be edacated as their fathers would have had
them educated if they had lived. And that
they should be held up as a band of women
there for other services, and the intimation
thrown out to the country that will be accepted
from the remarks of the gentleman from
Arkansas, [Mr. Rogers,] is discreditable to
us alL And I have offered an amendment
for the purpose of protesting against it, and
of saying that whenever woman shall be
armed with political power enough to enable
her to maintain her position against precinct,
ward, and township politicians i will gladly go
for ""king her compensation equal to that of
the best paid men who perform services of a
like character.
Sir, it is to our discredit that the entire
foreign correspondence of the Post Office De-
: partment is translated by a lady clerk at a com-
pensation of $900 a yeat, who contributes a
:large portion of that $000 a year to the sup-
:: port of ao afflicted relative in a hospital. And
|i yet she, an accomplished scholar, thoroughly
ii versed in German, French, Spanish, and Italian,
' a lady of personal attractions and great charm
, of manner, is denounced by the gentleman from
1 Arkansas [Mr. Rooms] as a woman hanging
! about the Halls Of Congress for base purposes.
I have now said all I desire to say.
• Mr. ROGER& I know the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Kkujk] is a woman's rights
man*
Mr. KELLEY. I had a mother, and I have
a daughter, and I respect woman.
Mr. HOAR. I have but one word to say*
i - and that is simply to call the attention of mem-
i bers to the last fortress of argument to which
i are driven those who would maintain the exist-
!; ing injustice, to wit: that if you put women
on an equality with men so far as to pay them
j! the same compensation for the same work
their places will become objects of temptation
I; to politicians, and forthwith they will be cheated
l| out of them. That is all there is left to be
gravely addressed to this Committee of the
Whole in defense of a Hystem of injustice so
preposterous. I say that it isan argument ulike
disgraceful to the sex which alone is represented
in this matter and to the statesmen who confess
that they are powerless to protect women.
Mr. DAWES. In answer to my colleague
[Mr. Hoar] I would only say that if he had
addressed himself to fact rather than to theory
I should feel more the force of his remarks.
We are talking about places that are tilled
by noisy politicians from all parts of the coun-
try, in compensation for services rendered
elsewhere, for political services rendered else-
where. Now, that is the fact, whether it be
manly or unmanly to state facts, whether it
be worth while or not to recognize facts.
Now, my colleague, if he was not quite so
fresh here, would know that the chief staple
of influence at home with most of us is that
we are backed up by those who bring in their
accounts for services rendered, to be paid in
the end by places under the Government.
They are to be paid for in some way, and
most generally are paid for in that way onlyj
Now, when females come in competition with
them for these places, and have no other argu-
ment to urge but the fact that they can per-
form the services required as well as they will
be performed if men are appointed, then 1 say
that so long as the trade ot politics is what, it
is in this country the. females cannot contend
successfully with these politicians. I say it is
wrong, is mean, is contemptible; but still it is
the fact.
Mr. HOAR. Does my colleague [Mr. Dawes]
propose to say that fact is true in regard to
himself or in regard to others ?
Mr. DAWES. I do not stand here to say
that I am any better than any other member
on this floor. I have no idea that I am any
better. I hope I am about as good as the
average. But I have a single remark to make,
and it my colleague thinks it is not true, it is
because he has not mingled in the politics of
the country as much as be will have done when
he shall have occupied a place here with honor
to himself and his constituents ten or fifteen
years. Then, unless there comes a revival, a
revolution, a moral reform in the politics of
the country, he will know what ia the chief
staple of trade among little politicians all over
this country. Then he will know the bills or
accounts which are brought in against members.
Then he will know why it was that the avenues
to the Departments were for a month succeed-
ing the 4th of last March crowded with men
who swarmed more thickly than did our sol-
diers when they returned from the war, and
who were there claiming their reward at the
hands of members of Congress—claiming their
reward, and" refusing to. be comforted" unless
they could go home with their commissions in
their pockets as compensation for services
they had rendered to members of Congress.
If my colleague did not experience something
of this last spring, during the first month of his
service here, then he has reason to thank God
; that he for one escaped that malaria^ which
i pervaded the atmosphere here, and which was
fatal to any such thing as independence of
> action or opinion in this House or in the other
i branch. We were made slaves to the vile poli-
ticians from all parts of the country who came
here at that time, and who during the last few
i months have been clamoring for an increase
of the salaries of those very offices which they
I crawled on their knees to obtainduring the first
ntonth of this Administration. Gentlemen
■ must bear in mind that it is against such com-
petition women must contend if the salaries of
their offices be increased in the manner pro-
posed. While they have no other reliance than
abstract justice they are powerless, but when
they have the ballot they will stand on an
equality with the men, and will be able to pro-
tect themselves. , .
Mr. KELLEY. I withdraw the amendment
to the amendment.
