8004
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
has been reduced. I beg the chairman to look
at the thing in that light. -
Mr, MORRILL, of Maine. What act does
the Senator read from?
Mr. DRAKE. I read from the appropria-
tion act of 1868 for the year ending tne 30th
of June, 1869.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Is that the
repealing act?
Mr. DRAKE. That is the repealing act;
to be found on page 106 of volume fifteen of
the Statutes-at-Large. Now, sir, all I ask is to
go back to that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I was going to
state that an additional reason which arises is
the bill referred to by my honorable friend from
New Hampshire. It seems that , this whole
subject has been under consideration in the
House of Representatives, and a bill has passed
there, and been favorably reported upon in the
Senate, which makes this a bureau and not an
office. It is a bill entitled ' 'A bill amendatory
of an act establishing the office of education,"
&c. In this bill it is declared to be a Bureau
of Education, and there are certain provisions
in the bill which undoubtedly are intended to
and do enlarge the service of the office of edu-
cation which now exists. Now, I make this
suggestion.' I am not going to argue the ques-
tion, because I do not wish to be understood as
being hostile to this Bureau of Education; when
that bill passes enlarging the service of the
Bureau' of. Education, then will be the time to
make your appropriation. Atthe present time
I submit to Senators they should allow it to
stand as it was last year, and when the other
bill passes we shall have ample time to make
the appropriation necessary for the enlarged
service, because it is very clear that you can-
not make the appropriation now which will
anticipate the passage of the other bill. I hope, !
therefore, tbe Senator from Missouri will not !
persist in his opposition to the amendment of
the committee.
Mr. SAWYER. I have before me the act
of Congress of April 10, 1369; one section of
which reads as follows:
" Th At- the tiro clerks of class one in the ofSco of i
education authorized by an act entitled 'An act
making: appropriations for th.e legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government for the
year eliding the 80th of June. 1870,' Approved March
■I. 1869. shall be appointed by the Secretary of the
Interior, and all laws and parts of laws authorizing
the employment of other clerks in the department
or office of education shall, after the commencement
of the next fiscal year, be repealed."
This I quote to show that the committee did
act exactly according to law ; that the law pro-
vided for two clerks there, and two only, and two
eletks df class one, instead of those which were
before provided for the Bureau of Education.
The facts are that when the department of
education existed certain clerks were provided,
for. When the department of education was
absorbed into the Department of the Interior
the same clerks, were provided for; but last
year in the appropriation act the appropriation
was. made for two_clerks of class one, and only
that, artd all provisions authorizing any others
were repealed.
• Mr, PATTERSON, task my friend if that
was not an act of legislation in an appropria-
tion bill?
, Mr. SAWYER, It was an act of legislation
in an appropriation bill.
i Mr. C0NKLING. It was restrictive, how-
ever,
Mr. SAWYER. I do not quote this to s"bow
thsi it is not competent for the Senate to put
into this appropriation bill the provision which
the House has put into it, for I am rather
desirous'than othef wise that it should be there,
but to relief the committee from the charge
of having,gone contrary to law in this matter,
for they have .done exactly what the statute
required.
Mr. DRAKE. I did not know of that fact
at^the time I spoke; ^ut now I wish to suggest
if> the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations instead of striking out all of the clause
after line eight hundred and seventeen that
he strike out only down to the word '' sta-
tionery."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think the Sen-
ator had better allow us to pass this bill mak-
ing the appropriation as required by law ; and
when this other bill passes we can then make
the appropriation intelligently to meet the
demands of the service as it shall be provided
for by that bill.
Mr. DRAKE, I still appeal to the chair-
man of the committee.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suggest that
my frieud, if he desires to do so, when this
other bill passes, can amend it and provide for
the appropriation called for by the terms of
the bill on the very bill itself.
Mr. DRAKE. But the chairman of the
committee can get me out of all this difficulty
and get the Senate out of it very easily. There
ought to be appropriations made for the inci-
dental expenses of the bureau. Now the law
stands, as he says it does, in regard to the
clerical force. 1 ask him just to Strike out so
much of the House provision as refers to the
clerical force, and leave the appropriation
there for incidental expenses instead of strik-
ing out both the clerical force and the inci-
dental expenses.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Suppose it
shoul4 turn out that that is all provided for
in this bill which the Senator from New
Hampshire contemplates bringing before the
Senate 
Mr. DRAKE. And which may never pass;
and if it does not pass tfye result' is you have
got the Bureau of Education here, with a Com-
missioner and two clerks, without, a dollar for
incidental expenses. .,
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suggest to the
Senator that if the additional force is not given,
of course he would not need so much for inci'
dental expenses.
Mr. DRAKE. We have only about one
half what we gave the department, with about
the same clerical force there is here. I ask
the Chair if the amendment of the committee
is open to amendment?
. The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Edmunds
in the chair.) Certainly it i open to amend-
ment.
Mr. CONKLING. Not to an amendment
increasing the amount, however, I submit.
Mr. DRAKE. I should be glad if the Chair
would tell me exactly how I can get at the,
point I am anxious to get. at. I wish to keep
in. the appropriation ior the incidental ex-
penses of the bureau and leave the amend-
ment of the Committee on Appropriations in
regard to tie clerical force as they have
reported it. i
The PRESlDlN&Q^ICEft., „It is m order
to move to amend the paragraph or section by
way of perfecting it preparatory to its being
all stricken out. Therefore, it would be ia
order for the Senator to move to strike out all
of the text, except such words as. he wishes
to retain, before the question is taken.ou the
italicised amendment of the committee. .
Mr. DRAKE. The apaendment of the com-
mittee strikes out the whole appropriation for
clericaWorce and for incidental expenses. X
wish to take the sense of the Senate upon leav-
ing in the appropriation for incidental expenses.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suggest to the
Senator that he move to strike out what he
thinks should go out. Beginning, in line eight
hundred .and nineteen he ean move to strike
out "one clerk at $1,860, one clerk at $l,6Q0,
one clerk at $1,400, one messenger at $840."
I presume the Senator is willing that those
words should go out.
Mr. DRAKE. I am willing that they should
go out. The law is ia favor of the committee's
amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then why not
move to strike them out?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The hour
of half past four o'clock having arrived, by
order of the Senate it takes a recess until half
past seven o'clock this evening.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
niagara. river bridge.
Mr. RAMSEY. _ Would not this be a good
time to pass the Niagara bridge bill ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the better bill
to take up would be the bill to abolish the
privilege of franking. [Laughter.]
Mr. SUMNER. I am for the Niagara bridge
bill. Let us have that bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like
to inquire whether the Senator from Minne-
sota wishes to pass the frauking privilege bill
now? [Laughter.]
Mr. RAMSEY. If it is the general desire
of the Senate, of course I should like to have
it acted upon, now. [Laughter.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am in favor of taking
up that bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. Very well.
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senate will adopt
my substitute we can have a unanimous vote
upon it.
Mr. HAMLIN. Oh, no; let us take up the
Niagara bridge bill,
Mr. FENTON. I hope the bridge bill will
be taken up. It is a local bill to which there
is, I think, no opposition.
Mr. RAMSEY. The bill is very much desired
by all the parties interested.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand the Sen-
ator from Michigan [Mr. Chandler] has an
amendment to offer to it.
Mr. FENTON. I conferred with him this
afternoon, and we had an understanding on
the subject. There is now no disagreement
about it.
Mr. RAMSEY. The bill will not occupy five
minutes. It is the general desire of all parties
interested in the subject that the bill should
pass. The contractors are now prepared to go
qp with the work. It is House bill No. 489.
There can be no objection to it.
ThePRESIDING OFFICER,(Mr. Edmunds
in the chair.) The Senator from Minnesota asks
unanimous consent to lay a^ide informally the
pending bill for the purpose of proceeding vyitlx
the bill indicated by him. Is there objection?
Mr. PRATT. I object.
Mr. FENTON. I hope the Senator from.
Indiana will withdraw his objection. It will
not take more than three minutes to pass the
bill.
Mr. PRATT. I object solely on the ground
that the Senate is thin to-night. There is not
a quorum here. I do not knpw anything about
t)ie measure.
Mr. RAMSEY. It is so very upobjectiQnr
able that if the Senator will only hear it read
I am sure he will not object to it. ; ,
Mr. HAMLIN and others. Let it be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection the bill will be read for informa-
tion.
The Secretary read the bill (H  R, No. 489)
to authorize the construction and maintenance
of a bridge across the .Niagara river. It pro-
vides that any bridge and its appurtenances
which shall be constructed across the Niagara
river from. the city of Buffalo, New York, to
Canada, in pursuance of the provisions of
an act of the Legislature of the State of
New York entitled " An act to incorporate the
International Bridge Company," passed April
17, 1857, or of any act or acts ox the Legislature
amending the same, shall be lawful structures,
aud shall be so held and taken, and are au-
thorized to be constructed and maintained as
provided by , the act and such amendments
thereto, anything in any law or laws of the
United States to the contrary notwithstanding;
