104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
I wish to call the attention of the committee
to the fact that in all our western States and
Territories there is a very considerable number
of Indian reservations ; and that white peopje
do not reside on those reservations except in
very limited numbers, and those are persons
engaged in the service of the Government.
Borne .of these reservations are quite remote
from otherinhabited districts,and if this amend-
ment is adopted it will not be necessary for
the enumerators to visit them at all.
It is conceded upon all hands that the ma-
chinery set in operation by this bill will be very
expensive. It is argued that that expense is
unavoidable, and that the importance of the
subject is such as to justify it. I call the at-
tention of the gentleman having charge of the
bill to the fact that this amendment, in connec-
tion with the other which I have proposed and
which I propose to reoffer in the House, will
do away with the necessity of employing at
least fifty, and perhaps one hundred enumer-
ators in all the States and Territories. There
is nothinginthis amendment inconsistent with
the principle of the bill.
By the preceding section officers of the Army
may be required in certain cases to assist in
taking the census. This maybe done in all
the Indian reservations by the agents, and
thus much expense may be saved.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the gentle-
man will allow me a word, in order to save
time I would say that I think the amendment
ought to prevail.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. I wish just to
make another remark. Last week, when I
proposed an amendment looking to the same
result, the gentleman proposed that I should
modify it so as to exclude from the enumer-
ation all Indians not taxed. I wish to state
to the gentleman a fact which he may not
know ; that is, that on the Pacific slope there
are many Indians not residing on reserves.
I suppose it altogether proper that these should
be enumerated by the regular enumerators,
while those residing on the reservations may
bo enumerated by the Indian agents.
The amendment was agreed to.
No other amendment being offered to the
twenty-first section, the Clerk read the next
section, as follows:
Sec. 22. And be it. further enacted. That theSuper-
intondent of the Consusshall prepare for submission
to Congress, at the beginning of the next December
session held after the date of the census, a prelim-
inary report, embraoing statistics of thepopuiation
of the United States, by States or Territories, and
counties or parishes, sufficiently full for the equal-
ization rf representation of the several States in
Congress, fie shall, as soon thereafter as practi-
cable, and within three years from the date of bis
appointment, prepare a carefully digested report,
embracing fall tabular statements ot all the statisti-
cal information furnished by the census, with com-
parative tables showing the changes from former
censuses, and such olher tables as may bo necessary
to oxhibitthe results of the enumeration.
Mr. JUDD. I propose to amend, by insert-
ing after the word "submission," in line two,
the words " to the Secretary of the Interior on
or before the I5th day of August next and."
In explanation of that amendment I desire
to call the attention of the House to the pur-
pose and intent with which it is offered. I
have prepared here at my desk a series of
amendments extending to the twenty-third,
twenty-fourth, twenty-fifth, and twenty-sixth
sections, having for their purpose to allow the
enumeration of the inhabitants to be taken
underthisbilltobeso used as to be made appli-
cable to the Forty-Second Congress. Without
some provision of that kind, those portions of
the country that have increased in population,
and that to-day are entitled to increased rep-
resentation upon this floor, will not be per-
mitted to have it until the 4th day of March,
1873.
It seems to me that there can be no possible
objection to my amendment if it is the desire
of the committee to carry out the representa-
tive principle; and if it is the intention and
purpuse of this bill to distribute among the
various -States an equality in representation
there is no constitutional provision, nor is there
any legal provision that interferes with the
application of the rule that I am contending
for. To accomplish the object I- have indi-
cated, I propose to amend, not only this, but
the other sections which I have named.
The object of the specific amendment which
I have just now proposed is to make the Superin-
tendent ofthe Census report to the Secretary of
the Interior the total population that has_ been
returned to him under this bill. That will get
the information to the Secretary of the Interior.
Then, the second amendment that I shall pro-
pose, if this should be adopted, will compel
the Secretary of the Interior on or before a
particular day to make the apportionment under
the provisions of this bill. The third amend-
ment that I shall propose will require notice
of that apportionment to be given to theExeeu-
tives in the different States on or before some
day in September: thus making in connection
with the present provisions of the bill a com-
plete organization—the enumeration of the
inhabitants returned, the apportionment made,
and that apportionment reported to the States
respectively.
Mr: WOOD. I would like to make an in-
quiry of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Judd.] If his proposition is practicable,! see
no objection to it. But in most of the States
the election for Representatives is made in
November; whereas the Legislatures will not
be in session until January. Now I would
like the gentleman to explain to us how, in
cases where the States are not in possession of
the facts until September, they can be divided
into congressional districts in time for the No-
vember election, when the Legislatures do not
meet till January.
Mr. JUDD. I understand that objection
perfectly well. I have seen Congress con-
vened upon a very short call. It is equally
competent for the authorities of the various
States to call sessions of the Legislatures for
the purpose of accomplishing this object. The
time is sufficient for all practical purposes,
because the bill provides that the returns are
to be made in July. It is only a question, t hen,
of convenience and arrangement. I regard
this question of due representation as of as
much, importance as any that a State can be
called to act upon.
Mr. HALDEMAN. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. JUDD. Yes, sir.
Mr. HALDEMAN. I would like to under-
stand distinctly from the gentleman from Illi-
nois whether his proposition means that the
duties of the Secretary of the Interior, which,
under the provisions of this bill are merely
clerical, shall not be submitted to Congress
for revision; whether the Secretary of the
Interior, under his amendment, is to determ-
ine absolutely the representation of the States
without being subject to the revision of Con-
gress ?
Mr. JUDD. In reply to that question I will
say that my proposition carries out simply what
has been the practice of the Government.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I sincerely hope
that the amendment of the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Judi>] will not prevail. I desire
to state what seem to me to be the points
against the proposition-
In the first place, it will make the present
decade eight years long, if it be not in itself an
absurdity to say that a decade can be eight
years long.' It will make the present organ-
ization of the House to continue but eight years,
and some other organization will have to con-
tinue twelve years to make up for it. That in
itself is an injustice.
In the next place, we cannot hope to get the
enumeration of the inhabitants of this country
before the middle of next summer. Then no
Legislatures will be in session. Then the con-
gressional nominations will be about to be made
or will be already made in many of the States,
and the congressional elections will be almost
immediately upon us. To do tlie thing justly
would require the calling of the Legislature of
every State in the Union to provide in mid-
summer for redistricting the States.
Some gentlemen may say that will not be
necessary, as we can provide by law for electing
by general ticket; but I would ask gentlemen
how you can provide by law for the case of
States that may lose Representatives? How
shall they be adjusted? The whole matter will
be difficult. I believe that on looking the whole
case over this proposition will be considered
by the country as revolutionary in its character
and not called for by any public exigency al
this time. I believe, in the next place, that if
carried out fairly and justly it will entail upon
the people great expense in having their Legis-
latures called together—a thing that we ought
not to do.
I believe, Mr. Chairman, as a party man,
that it would be very unwise for us as a party
to imply that we dare not wait two years for
fear that the control of matters will then bein
other hands. I think that we who have faith
in the Republican party had better manifest
that faith by waiting till the end of the decade.
I sincerely trust that the amendment will not
prevail.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out after line two, in section
twenty-two of the bill, the words " Congress at
the beginning of the next December session
held after the date of the census," and insert
the words '' the Secretary of the Department
of the Interior on or before the 15th day of
August, A. D. 1870."
Mr. Chairman, this is of course only one of
a series of amendments that will be necessary
in this bill provided the Forty-Second Congress
is to be elected under the census of 1870. Now,
no gentleman upon this floor will claim that it
is not the du ty o f Congress, if we can so arrange
this enumeration, to make the apportionmentat
the earliest practicable day thereafter, because
the Constitution of the United States in its first
section provides that representation upon this
floor shall be in proportion to the numbers of
the people of the United States. Now, upon
what consideration can it be claimed that a
State that has a population entitling it to ten
I or twelve Representatives upon the floor of Con-
I gress shall only have half that number during
| a Congress ?
! The State which I have the honor in part to
j represent has to-day a population equivalent
| to thatof the State of Massachusetts, yet Iowa
i has but six Representatives upon this floor,
1 while the State of Massachusetts has ten Rep-
! resentatives upon this floor.
I Now, it is proposed by the amendment I
, have sent to the Clerk's desk that under the
enumeration to be taken in 1870 Iowa shall be
entitled to the representation which the Con-
stitution of the United States deelares she shall
be entitled to, to wit, representation on this
floor in proportion to the number of her popula-
tion. The first question, however, to be decided
is the q&estion whether it is practicable to so
i make this enumeration as to give us our right-
! iul representation in the Forty-Second Con-
gress. It is said by the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] that the congressional elec-
tions in the various States will take place in
October and November. It will be borne in
mind that by the provisions of this bill this
census is to be completed on the 1st day of
July, 1870. Now, will gentlemen claim that
it is not within the power of the Secretary of
the Interior and the subordinate officers ofthe
Government within forty-five days of that time
to so make up the tables of the inhabitants of
the United States as to provide for a redistri-
bution and reapportionment of Representatives
among the several States of this Union ?
Mr. HALDEMAN. Certainly I claim that.
Mr. ALLISON. I venture the assertion here
that it will not be ten days-1 after the enumer-
