4248
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
tw,o speeches where our fathers made one—the
Senator from Vermont says we make ten. Look
at the old records of the Senate, and you'will see
that there was not any such talking as there is
riow. 'We have thirty-seven States to-day ; we
shall have forty in a 'few years, and before we
die fifty. ' Then therd will one hundred mem-
bers here; and the previous question will be in
the Senate in some shape, or else our sessions
will be held the year round. There will either
be no adjourning, or we shall have some form
of the previous question. There is no doubt
about it; because year by year there is more
talking, there are more members, more diversi-
fied interests, larger sections of the country to
be attended to, and Senators from different
sections •will, if they are faithful to their con-
stituents, fairly present the views and wants
of their sections and their interests; and we
must either be in session the year round or
have'some way of limiting debate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think there
ought to be some new regulations in regard to
proceedings on appropriation bills ; and in reply
to the suggestion which fell from the Senator
from Kentucky, that the principle involved in
this bill is exceptional, I will say that while
that is true, he must remember that it does
not apply to what may be called the legislation
of Congress; it applies simply to an appropri-
ation bill. What is that? It is a bill simply
to declare how much money is demanded for
the public service as established by law. That
is all there is of it. This rule undertakes to
keep that proposition intact. I believe that
commends itself to the judgment of the Senate.
Ought it not to be kept intact? Does not, the
safety of the public require that it should be.
kept intact, a simple, pure appropriation bill,
declaring just how much money the public
Service requires as established by law?
Mr. CORBETT. I wish to ask my friend
from Maine a question. Take the condition
of the Indians with whom there are no treaty
stipulations. Is it declared by law bow the
appropriations for them shall be made? It
seems to me that there may be a difficulty on
that subject. For instance, we are establishing
a rule now that we will make no more treaties
with Indians, but that they shall depend upon
Congress to make the annual appropriations
for their maintenance. There is no law for
that, as I understand ; and in order to make
an appropriation for the maintenance of those
Indians, would not this rule require a two-
thirds vote of the Senate?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. 1 do not ihink
that question arises at all, because the rule in
making appropriations is that a prior appro-
priation made for the service is a justification,
an authority for the Committee on Appropria-
tions to continue the appropriation. It, is a
law, because it has been put into the appropria-
tion bill before. But that is a little aside from
my argument.
Starting now with the principle that an ap-
propriation bill ought to be kept intact, what
does this newrule propose ? 11 simply aims to
keep it so. It aims to keep it in that way. It
was argued tho other day by my honorable
friend from Ohio, and there is great force in
the argument, that occasions will arise where
there should be a departure from the rule, where
the exigencies of the public, really require that
general legislation should be put upon an ap-
propriation bill in order to give it the facility
that the exigency requires. This proposition
provides for that. If there is such an exigency
it will commend itself to two thirds of the Sen-
ate, doubtless; and so the proposition would
get the facility that the exigency requires. I
think t hat is the answer to thafrobjection. That
is the first proposition m this proposed rule.
The next is that no amendment shall be of
a general legislative character. 1 have already
commented upon that. It ought to be so. [
think the experience of the Senate on the last,
two appropriation bills we hj,ve had before us
roust satisfy them that an appropriation bill
ought to be kept free from general legislation.
We were engaged upon the first bill, the legis-
lative appropriation bill, I forget how long—so
long that I forget the beginning of it, and the
progress of it cannot recur to me now. I can-
not tell how many things of a general charac-
ter were injected into it that did not belong to
it and had no relation whatever to it. This
rule would be calculated to remedy that, and
it would. I am reminded that the legislative
appropriation bill was before the Senate for
parts of three weeks. I hardly think I need
make an apology for the shortness of my mem-
ory upon that subject, considering the expe-
rience I had upon it.
The next proposition is:
And any pending amendment to an appropriation
bill may be laid on the table without affecting the
bill.
I believe there is no general objection to
that. I do not understand that there is. Per-
haps my colleague made an objection that there
ought to bo some time given for an explana-
tion. In the nature of the case I do not sup-
pose that any Senator introducing a propo-
sition on an appropriation bill would be cut off
absolutely from some explanation of it. If a
Senator having charge of an appropriation bill
should 'undertake to do a thing of that sore
probably be would not get a majority of the
Senate to sustain him in a proposition so arbi-
trary; so that I hardly think this proposition
is subject to much practical difficulty.
Then the last proposition I do not under-
stand there is much objection to, except that,
it is said it is a limitation on the freedom of
debate. It is a limitation, a qualification on
the unrestricted freedom of debate, tho pro-
priety of which everybody agrees to. Why not
put it in a rule? I have been appealed to dur-
ing the last six days, almost every hour in the
day, to insist that the Senate should come to a
vote. I cannot insist. In the first place, it is
not decorous in me to do it; and then one gets
tired of imploring always. I mention that as
showing the necessity which exists for a limit
to debate On an appropriation bill, which in
itself is of a peculiar character. This proposi-
tion allows the Senate by a two-thirds vote to
fix a time when debate shall cease. What is
our remedy now? We coax the thing along
the best, way we can, engineer it the best we
can, until the patience of the Senate is utterly
exhausted, and then we see if we cannot, by
general consent, agree on a time when we will
take a vote. This new rule is simply agreeing
upon a time in advance. 1 hope that at least
a portion of those proposed amendments to the
rules will be adopted ; and I am entirely will-
ing to agree to the suggestion of the Senator
from Kentucky, that they shall expire at the
end of this session.
The V10.K PRESIDENT. Hie question is
on agreeing to this resolution, on which a
division has been demanded; and the first
question will he upon the first paragraph.
Mr. FOWLER. I do not see that the adop-
tion of this rule will facilitate our business in
any way whatever, i believe the time we have
occupied in discussing it could have been very
properly appropriated to the passing of certain
bills, and in that way wo could have advanced
very much in our business. The interpretation
of these rules, like all the rest that have been
introduced lately, it seems to me will only lead
to discussions as to what they do mean, and
create confusion in the minds of Senators in
regard to their meaning. It takes a session or
two to understand really the application of a
new rule. I do not see any necessity for tying
up everything by rule. There ought to be
something left to discretion, something to the
general circumstances that may surround us.
For my own part I am not prepared to vote
lor this rule at the present time. I do not
think it, will in any manner facilitate our busi-
ness.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the first paragraph proposed to be
added to the thirtieth rule.
The Secretary read as follows :
And no amendment herein authorized, " unless it
be made to carry out the provisions of some exist-
ing law, or some act or resolution previously passed
by the Senate during that session," shall be received
or adopted without a two-thirds vote; and the ques-
tion on receiving such amendment for consideration
shall be decided without, debate.
Mr. POMEROY.- Let us vote on each para-
graph separately.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the order.
Mr. VICKERS. I move to amend that para-
graph in the last line by striking out the words
" without debate " andinserting "after explan-
ation by the mover and without further debate."
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question re-
curs on agreeing to the paragraph as amended.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask that the paragraph
be reported.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be reported
as amended.
The Secretary read as follows :
And no amendment herein authorized, "unless it
he made to carry out tho provisions of some existing
law, or some act or resolution previously passed by
the Senate during that session," shall be received
or adopted without a two-thirds vote ; and the ques-
tion on receiving such amendment for consideration
shall be decided after explanation by the mover, and
without further debate.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope that will not be
adopted. I do not think it expedient that the
Senate should put itself into that strait-jacket
at present. That is the least obnoxious part
of this series of propositions. There are one
or two at, the end, which seem to find favor
with my friend, the Senator from Kansas, [Mr.
Pombuoy,] much to my astonishment, to which
I should object more seriously, and on which
I shall say something when they arc under con-
sideration ; but it does seem to me that it is not
expedient for us to enter upon this position.
We had 
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest to the Senator
from Massachusetts, as we have but five min-
utes left of the morning hour, that by general
consent we adopt the third proposition or take
the vote on that.
Mr. SUMNER. What is the third proposi-
tion ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. He objects to that more
than any other..
Mr. SHERMAN. It is to allow an amend-
ment to be laid on the table.
Mr. SUMNER. 'That is the one upon which
I shall have something to say. I have sat in
this Chamber too long to allow that proposition
to pass without a protest, and without calling
the attention of the Senate to the history of
this body.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then we might as well go
on with the regular business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the first paragraph of the proposed addition
to the thirtieth rule.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that it lie on the
table,
Mr. POMEROY. That is, that the first prop-
osition lie on the table.
_ Mr.^ SUMNER. No ; that tho whole resolu-
tion lie on tho table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tho Senator from
Massachusetts moves, that this whole subject
be laid on the table.
Mr. EDMUNDS. On that question I ask
for the yeas^and nays. I want to see what the
Senate are disposed to do on this subject.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 2'J, nays 2fi; as follows:
Y EAS—Messrs.Buckingham, Cameron, Carpenter,
Casscrly, Chandler, Drake, Ferry, Fowler, Gilbert,
Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Harris,
Howard, Johnston, McCreery, Morton, Kice, Robert-
son, Koss, Saulsbury, Spencer, Sprague, Stewart,
Stockton, Sumner, Th;o or, Trumbull, Yickers, and
Yates—2'J.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Borcman, Cole, Davis,
Edmunds, Hamlin, Harlan, IIowo, Itowell, Kellogg,
McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont,
