1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4249
Osborn, Pomeroy'.Pratt, Ramsey, Soott, Sherman,
Wlll?y- and Williams—23.
.ABSIiN 1—Messrs.Abbott, Ames, Bayard, Brown-
low, Gatiell, Coukhpg, Corbett, Cragin, l^enton,
Flanagan, Lewis, Norton, j^ye, Patterson, Pool,
Revels, Sawyer, fcchurz, Thurman, and Wilson—20!
So the motion was agreed to; and the reso-
lution was ordered to lie on the table.
MESSAGE flEOJI TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
lives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced thatthe House had passed a bill
(H. K. No. 210o) to punish the unlawful certi-
fication of checks by officers of national banks,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
UNItOLLBD BILL SIGNED.
The message also announced that theSpeaker
of the House had signed the enrolled bill (S.
No. 395) to establish the collection district of
Willamette, in the State of Oregon; and it was
thereupon signed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the apportionment bill,
pending at the adjournment last evening, is
before the Senate, upon which the Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] is entitled to the floor.
Mr PO.MEEOY. With the consent of the
Senator 1 offer the following resolution :
Resolved, That the thirtieth rule of the Senate be
amended by adding thereto the following:
Any pending amendment to an appropriation bill
may be laid on the table without affecting the bill.
It shall be in order at any time, when an appro-
priation bill is under consideration, by a two-thirds
vote, to order the termination of debute at a time
fixed, in respect to any item or amendment thereof
then under consideration: which order shall be acted
upon without debate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let that go over.
Mr. PQMEROY. These are the last two
propositions reported by the select Committee
on Rules. I merely desire to have a vote of the
Senate taken to-morrow or some other day
upon them.
APPORTIONMENT OF UEPllESENTATIOX.
The yiCE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the pending bill, being House bill
No. 1823, to provide for the apportionment of
Representatives to Congress among the several
States, taken up last evening, on which the
Senator from Illinois is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Illinois yield to the Senator from Penn-
sylvania?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do, if it is merely to
submit a motion which will take no time.
Mr. CAMERON. It is to submit a motion.
My motion is that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of executive business.
* Mr. TRUMBULL. Oh, no; I will not yield
to that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania has a right to make the motion.
Mr, TRUMBULL. lie cannot do it while
I have the floor.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise to a question of
order. I want to find out what our present
rules arc, if we cannot ha.ve any new ones.
Here is a bill which has not yet been read in
Committee of the Whole, and while that bill
is reading I respectfully submit that any gen-
tleman is entitled to take the floor to make a
motion in order at that time.
Mr. CONNER. I think so.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
a,nswer the question of the Senator from Ver-
mont. When the bill was reached in its regu-
lar order the Chair recognized the Senator
from Illinois as being entitled to theifloor by
all the parliamentary usages with which ho is |
acquainted. !
Mr. EDMUNDS. Had the bill ever been ]
read ? i
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has not yet ;
been read. The Senator from Illinois can
have it read as a part of his speech, and then
certainly it would not be in order to interpose
another motion. ,
Mr. EDMUNDS. But we are entitled by the
rules to have the bill read as a reading when
it is first considered as in Committee of the
Whole as a public proceeding, during which
no Senator is entitled to the floor. I say it
with all respect to the Chair, of course, and I
think it ought to be so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. When a bill iscalledup,
it has been the uniform practice of the Senate
ever since I have been here to award the floor
to the Senator having it when the Senate
adjourned the evening before. Now this bill
iscalledup, and I suppose under that under-
standing I am entitled to the floor, and I
ask that the bill may be read before proceed-
ing with my remarks.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Nobody will question that
as a matter of propriety ; but the Chair says
that the Senator can hold the floor while the
bill is being read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Icau ask for it? read-
ing, and hold the floor while it is being read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Oh, no; you have no right
to the floor while it is being read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Vermont that his
recollection in regard to the usage corresponds
with that of the Senator from Illinois. When
a bill is taken up, as the Senator from Vermont
has properly said, any Senator has a right to
have the bill read. It is road because every
Senator has a right to have it read before he
shall vote upon it. Its reading cannot be sus-
pended except by an order of the Senate, and
when its reading is concluded the Senator
from Illinois will be entitled to the floor if he
claims it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Chair will pardon
me, the Chair misunderstood my proposition
that the bill was to bo read because every Sen-
ator had a right to demand it. My proposition
is that the rules require at this stage as a part
of the public proceedings of the Senate that
the bill shall be read, not because any Senator
has a right to have it read in the course of the
proceeding, but as a part of the proceeding,
during which no Senator has the floor. Of
course the Senator would be recognized when
the reading was through. However, I take no
appeal from the decision.
The VICE PRESIDENT. As the greater
includes the less, which the Senator from Ver-
mont will recognize as an axiom, if any one
Senator has a right to demand it it certainly
does not shako the argument of the Chair. The
Senator from Vermont states that it is read in
accordance with a rule*. It is also read in
accordance with the right of any Senator to
have it read. The Secretary will report the
bill and the amendments of the Committee on
the Judiciary.
The Secretary read the bill. The first sec-
tion provides that from and after the 3d day
of March, 1871, the House of Representatives
shall be composed of two hundred and sev-
enty-five members, to lie apportioned among
the several States m accordance with the pro-
visions of the act; but if after such apportion-
ment shall have been made any new State
shall be admitted into the Union, the Repre-
sentative or Representatives of such new State
shall be additional to the number of two hun-
dred and seventy-five; and if the number of
Representatives of any State shall be reduced
by such apportionment, such reduction shall
not take effect in the Forty-Second Congress,
but such State shall have the same number of
Representatives in the Forly-Second Congress
to which it is by law entitled in the Forty-First
Congress, and any Representative or Repre-
sentatives which any State may have in the
Forty-Second Congress in excess of the num-
ber fixed by such apportionment shall be addi-
tional to the number of two hundred and sev-
enty-live herein limited ; and if the represent-
ation of any State shall be increased by such
apportionment any additional Representative
or Representatives of such State in the Forty-
Second Congress shall be chosen by the State
at large, and all other Representatives for the
Forty-Second Congress shall be chosen ill the
respective congressional districts now provided
by law in the several States.
The second section provides that after the
next enumeration of the inhabitants of the Uni-
ted States shall have been completed according
to law, and before the 15th day of August, 1870,
the Superintendent'of the Census shall prepare
and submit .to the Secretary of the Interior a
preliminary report of the results of such enum-
eration, embracing such statistics as shall be
necessary to enable the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to perform the duties prescribed in the act.
By the third section, after the preliminary
report thus provided for shall have been sub-
mitted to the Secretary of the Interior he is to
ascertain from it the basis of representation of
each State and the aggregate basis of repre-
sentation of the United States, and to ascertain
the basis of representation of the several con-
gressional districts by dividing the aggregate
basis of representation of the United States by
the number two hundred and seventy-five,
rejecting any fraction of a unit which may
remaiti; and he is 10 ascertain the number of
Representatives lo be apportioned to each State
by dividing the basis of representation of such
State .by the basis of representation Of the sev-
eral congressional districts, rejecting any frac-
tion of a unit which may remain ; and he is to
apportion so many additional Representatives
to the States having the largest rejected frac-
tions, one to each, as shall make the whole
number of Representatives two hundred and
seventy-five.
The fourth section directs the Secretary of
the Interior, on or before the 10th day of Sep-
tember, 1870, to prepare and transmit, under
the seal of his office, to the Speaker of the
House of Representatives, and to the Governor
of each of the States, a certified statement of
his proceedings under the provisions of the act.
The first amendment of the Committee on
the Judiciary was in section one, line five, to
strike out the words "two hundred and sev-
enty-five" and insert " three hundred ;" so as
to read :
TEiat from and after the 3d day of March, 1871, the
IIoupc of Representatives shall bo composed of three
hundred^ members, to bo apportioned among the
several States inaccoldanco with the provisions'of
tins act.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Sir. President, it will
be observed that as the bill passed the House
of Representatives it provided for two hun-
dred and seventy five members, and also con-
tained a provision in the first section that if
upon an apportionment of two hundred and
seventy-five members any of the States should
have their representation increased, then those
additional members should be elected by gen-
eral ticket; and it provided further, that if
in any of the States the representation was
diminished by this apportionment, those States
should have the same number of Representa-
tives in the Forty-Second Congress as they
now have, the effect of which would be to
apportion the representation m a part of the
States ou the ccnsus of 18G0, that is, in those
States where there should be a diminution of
the number ou the census of 1870, and to
appoition it in other States where the number
was increased in the census of 1870. The
Committee on the Judiciary did not think it
was competent to do that. They thought that
under the Constitution of the United States
the apportionment must be upon population ;
and if it is upon the population of 1870 as to
those States which have an increase in their
representation by the new apportionment, it
must be upon the population ot 1870 as to the
States that will lose representation ; and hence
the committee found it necessary to propose
an amendment. . .
It will be observed that the provision for
electing the additional members at large was
undoubtedly inserted so as to avoid the neces-
