1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2361
layed till he can be heard from more fully. He
says the effect of extending the district of
Brazos de Santiago down to Brownsville, which
is right beside the Mexican territory, will offer
great facilities for smuggling. I wish the bill
referred to the Csmmitteetm Commerce that
it may be examined.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. I was not
aware of any opposition to this bill; and as
lexas has now her own Representatives on
this floor I assent to the motion of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler. ]
The motion of Mr. Butlep., of Massachu-
setts, was agreed to ; and the bill was referred
to the Cemmittee on Commerce.
LAND-GRANT llAILItOAD IN OllEGON.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 396) granting lands to aid
in the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line from Portland to Astoria and McMiim-
vilie, in the State of Oregon; which was read
a first and second time.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. This bill has re-
ceived the consideration of the Committee on
the Public Lands ; but as the chairman of that
committee [Mr. Julian] is now absent, X ask
that the bill maybe laid aside informally with-
out action
Mr. INGERSOLL. Is there a land grant
in the hill?
The SPEAKER. There is.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Let it be
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. As the chairman
of that committee, who has examined the bill,
is not now present, 1 ask that the bill be laid
aside, retaining its place on the Speaker's
table.
The SPEAKER. That will require unani-
mous consent.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the bill be
leferred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. McOORMlCK, of Missouri. The Com-
mittee on the Public Lands has examined this
bill and approved it. If the chairman of the
committee were present he would so state.
The SPEAKER. The motion to refer is
debatable, and the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Holjian] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. Will the gentle-
man from Indiana permit me to make a state-
ment ?
Mr. HOLMAN. Although I object to the
passage of this bill at the present time, believ-
ing it ought to be referred to the Committee
on the Public Lands, I cannot, as a matter of
courtesy, refuse to yield to the gentleman from
Oregon.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. Mr. Speaker, I
ask the attention of the House to the statement
1 am about to make in reference to this bill.
The House will observe that it is a bill which
has passed the Senate and is now taken from
the Speaker's table. Early in this session I
introduced two bills covering precisely the same
ground as that now in the Speaker's hands.
Those were referred in the Committee on the
Public Lands and have been carefully consid-
ered, and that committee is now prepared, after
having given it a fair consideration, to report
a bill and to ask that it be passed. I therefore
would request the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Holman] not to insist on his motion to refer
this Senate bill to the Committee on the Public
Lands, Decause that committee have already
considered the subject under the authority of
the House and are in favor of the passage of
just such a bill. I wish to make one further
statement in support of my appeal to the gen-
tleman to let us have a vote. The railroad to
which this bill proposes to make a grant of
lands is already commenced and a considerable
amount of work done on it, and the contract
is made by which that work can be continued
and the iron shipped from New York after the
passage of this bill. If referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands there is no telling
when that committee will have an opportunity
to report it back to the House, and the opera-
tions on that road may be postponed for years.
The bill, I will state, is one in which the
interests of the Government have been care-
fully guarded. There has never been a land
grant in which those interests have been so
carefully guarded as in this bill. The State
of Oregon, which I represent on this floor, has
received but little in this direction from the
General Government. Large grants of land
have been made to other States and to other
Pacific States, while Oregon has received noth-
ing or next to nothing in this regard. I trust
the House will be liberal in this regard to the
State of Oregon in this necessary grant to one
of her improvements. I again express the
hope that the gentleman from Indiana will not
insist on his motion to refer.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Does thebill makeany
provision in regard to actual settlers.?
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. It provides that
the land shall be sold only to actual settlers, in
quantities notexcecding one hundred and sixty
acres to each person, and at a price not ex-
ceeding §2 50 per acre. It is the most care-
fully guarded bill ever presented to this House.
Mr. HOLMAN. What amount of land will
be appropriated by this bill ?
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. The entire length
of the road is about one hundred and thirty
miles.
Mr. HOLMAN. How many sections of
land does it cede? Is it every alternate sec-
tion ?
.Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, as some indi-
cation of public sentiment on this subject, I
desire to have the Clerk read a petition which
is being signed by thousands and tens of thou-
sands of the citizens of the United States all
over this broad land.
The Clerk read as follows:
To the Senate and
House of Representatives of the United States:
The undersigned, citizens of the United States,
feeling the urgsnt necessity for tbo cnaetmont of a
law to prevent the further absorption of the public
lands of the United States by railroads or other cor-
porations, and to havo the residue of said public
domain forever set apart for the exclusive uso of
actual settlers, in limited quantities, do respectfully
petition your honorable body to take prompt action
in the passage oi such a law.
We urge our appeal on the grounds that tens of
thousands of the industrial classes of largo cities and
towns, now unemployed, must seek an outlet and
escape irom the poverty and distress which surround
thora or bo rapidly driven to pauperism and crime.
Wo urge our appeal on the ground of simple jus-
tice to our children and to the immigrants now seek-
ing our shores, fleeing from the very monopoly of
lands so alarmingly threatening our Republic bj; the
enormous absorption of the public domain by giant
corporations and private monopolists.
We urge our appeal as a measure of justico to the
whole American people, as a rich legacy in trust by
our generation lor those to come alter us—never to
be alienated.
We urge our appeal finally, asono deeply affecting
the morals and well-being of our people, ui that, these
giant corporations have become the allies of stock
gamblers in turning our public domain, the heritage
of all, into one vast national gambling arena.
To put a speedy termination to these threatened
evils and to confer a measure of equity and justice
on the American people, wo urgently pray the adop-
tion of a law embodying the features herein set forth.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Whoisthat
from?
Mr. HOLMAN. It comes from New York.
I havo received a number of such memorials.
I trust the House will allow me to call atten-
tion to the fact that we only a week ago last
Monday, without even a division of the House,
adopted a resolution declaring it was the true
policy of this Government that grants of lands
to railroad corporations should cease ; that it
was the true policy to hold those lands for the
exclusive purpose of securing homes to actual
settlers under the homestead and preemption
laws.
Sir, this resolution was adopted without a
dissenting voice. No gentleman even arose for
the purpose of calling for a division. It was
the solemn and deliberate expression of this
House against the veiy proposition which is
now submitted. And, sir, not a siDgle solitary
newspaper representing public sentiment, as
far as I have seen, has failed to express its
approbation of the adoption of that resolution
by the Representatives of the people, with the
exception of a newspaper published here at
this capital. In the State of Illinois, even in
Michigan, and clear through to the sea-board,
thepnblic press everywhere approved of this act
as one right and proper, and one that is de-
manded by every consideration of public inter-
est and public necessity. And if there is any
subject, Mr. Speaker, to which the press is seek-
ing to call public attention and the attention of
Congress, it is the manner in which these public
lands are being prodigally given away to cor-
porations, to the fact that the heritage which
ought to be held as a sacred trust for our people
and our children after us is passing away into
the hands of these giant corporations.
Mr. Speaker, by this Bill, without even a
reference to a committee to ascertain the
facts, and the public necessity, if there be
any, for the measure, we are asked to give
away to this corporation a body of land
one hundred and twenty-five miles in length
and twenty miles in width, in alternate sec-
tions ; in other words, a body of land sixty-
two and a half miles in length and twenty miles
in width if it were in one solid tract. If we
thus giv& away the public domain the genera-
tion that is now coming upon the stage will
find every acre of the public lands absorbed by
these corporations; and instead of getting
lands under your homestead policy, under the
munificent policy of your preemption law,
actual settlers will not find an acre of land left
except at enormous prices. Talk about $2 50
an acre! If there ever was any one measure
that ever passed Congress with universal ap-
proval as a measure in conformity with the
enlightened spirit of the age and the advanced
ideas of our own country, it was the homestead
law. And yet step by step, by a policy as re-
morseless as death, you defeat that great meas-
ure by giving away your lands to corporations
who are to charge $2 50 an acre for lands
which ought to be free to the actual tiller as
the good gift of God to mankind.
These railroads will be built fast enough, as
fast as the commercial interests of the country
may require, just as fast as it will be proper to
have them built. Let them be built, by the
capitalists themselves who are to profit by their
being constructed. Let the benefits and the
burdens equally fall upon the same class of
persons. But do not take the lauds ot' the
American people. Do not. take their home-
steads from the American people, this blessing
which they enjoy from their free Government,
and give them to corporations. If this bill
passes and becomes a law, it will be over tho
protest at least of one Representative on this
floor, who will under no circumstances and at
no time consent to place in the hands of a
corporation the power of charging §2 50 pet-
acre for lands, after the American people with
one voice have approved of the policy by which
those lands should be free to the men who
with brawny arms would make them yield
their wealth by actual cultivation. I now yield
to the gentleman from Massachusetts. [Mr.
Sutler
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to state what this bill proposes, and then I
think the House will see the necessity of re-
ferring it. In the first place, it provides for
locating depots, &e., to the amount of forty
acres at each place, wherever the company
desires. Then it provides for granting ten
alternate sections per mile on each side of the
road, so as to cover every point of the location.
Then it provides that if a sufficient number of
sections cannot be got withiu twenty miles of
the track other lands may be selected on either
side of the road to a width of twenty five miles
from the track. And then it provides that
settlers who are now settled on the lands as
homestead grants shall only have eighty acres.
It then provides that the remaining lands
