4250
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
sity of convening the Legislatures of the re-
spective States after the census of 1870 should
be -completed.' The time is so short between
the return of the census and the holding of
the elections for the Forty-Second Congress
that it would be very inconvenient for the
State Legislatures to be convened to redis-
trict the several States. Hence, a provision
was inserted in the bill for electing the addi-
tipnal members by general ticket.
The first amendment, which is that now
under consideration, proposes to increase the
whole number of Representatives from two
hundred and seventy-five, as fixed in the bill,
to three hundred. This amendment was moved
by the committee from two considerations.^ In
the first place, in the opinion of the Committee
on the Judiciary, the number of three hundred
is not top large for this great country. The
House of Representatives is the popular branch
of the Government; and it was thought by the
committee that three hundred was a better
number than two hundred and seventy-five.
As an additional reason for increasing that
number, it was supposed by the committee,
taking into consideration the ratio of increase
in the population of the country as it has here-
tofore been ascertained, that by putting the
number at three hundred every State in the
Union would at least retain its present ifumber
of Representatives in the House of Represent-
atives, and hence no difficulty could arise in
any State by the loss of a member. I think
that will be found to be so.
The population of the United States, it is
estimated, will turn out to be something like
forty or forty-one millions. If it should be
forty millions, the ratio of representation, at
three hundred members, would be for each
Representative 133,333. The present ratio I
think is 127,000. It was changed aftpr the
apportionment was made by adding some live
or six members, and I am not quite sure what
is the numher that it now stands at, but I be-
lieve it is about 127,000. This will increase
the ratio slightly, it will be seen, but not more
than six thousand, which will not occasion the
loss of a Representative by any State.
The census was first taken in 1790. The
clause of the Constitution on this subject of
taking the census and of apportionment is as
follows:
"Representatives and direct taxes shall bo appor-
tioned among the several States which may bo in-
cluded within this Union, according to their respect-
ive numbers, which shall bo determined by adding
to tho whole number of free persons, including thoso
bound to service for a term of years, and excluding
Indians not taxed, threo fifths of all other persons.
The actual enumeration shall bo made within threo
years after the iirst meeting of tho Congress of the
United States, and within every subsequent term
of ten years, in such manner as they shall by law
direct."
The first Congress of the United States
assembled in 17S9, and proceeded at its first
session to pass a law for taking the census of
the people of the United States. That census
was taken, enumerating the people as on the
1st day of August, 1790; and a census has been
taken every ten years since, in pursuance of
the Constitution; but the last censuses have
been taken by enumerating the people on the
1st day of Jane. The law has been changed
in that respect since 1790. The first census
counted the people on the 1st of August of
that year; but by acts subsequently passed
it was changed, I think in 1850, or perhaps
sooner; but several censuses have been taken
enumerating the people on the 1st day of June
of the year when the census is taken; and here-
tofore, although the census was taken in the
years 1790, 1800, 1810, 1820, and so on every
ten years, the apportionment of representation,
according to the census which was taken, has
not taken effect until three years afterward.
For instance, under the census taken in 1790,
the first apportionment of representation which
took effect was on the 4th of March, 1793, and
so it has been ever since.
In 1850 Congress passed a law of a general
character. There had always been a great deal
of strife and controversy in regulating the sub-
ject of apportionment. To avoid that, in 1850
Congress enacted a statute directing the appor-
tionmentto be made upon a certain basis, which
was fixed in the law. The basis of the law was
that the representative population of the Uni-
ted States should be divided by two hundred
and thirty-three, and in that way the Secretary
of the Interior was to ascertain what the rep-
resentative population for a member of the
House should be, and to divide the represent-
ative population of each State by that number,
and in that way ascertain the number of Rep-
resentatives from each State in the Union. By
the act of 1850 the census was to be completed
by the 1st of November, and it was made the
duty of the Secretary of the Interior immedi-
ately to notify the Governors of the respective
States of. the number of Representatives that
each State would be entitled to under the cen-
sus which had then been taken ; but the Sec-
retary has never been able to complete this
calculation in time to have it take effect before
the second year afterward. Now, there is an
effort to give effect to the census of 1870 in
the Forty-Second Congress, which will assem-
ble on the 4th of March, 1871.
All will agree, I trust, that the nearer you
can bring the apportionment of representation
to the counting of the people, the better and
the more completely you comply with the con-
stitutional requirement. When the census is
taken, each State is entitled to representation
upon that census, and unquestionably had it
been practicable, (and it would have been by
completing the census a little earlier,) the
apportionment always should have been made
to comply fairly with the Constitution, so as to
take effect in the next Congress which assem-
bled after the enumeration of the inhabitants
of the country. And there is an additional
reason for that at this time. Since the provis-
ion of the Constitution which I have just read
was adopted, it has been amended in a very
material respect in regard to representation.
By the second section of the fourteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States
it is provided:
"Representatives shall be apportioned among the
several States accordingto theirrespectivenumbers,
counting the whole number of persons in each State,
excluding Indians not taxed."
By the original Constitution only three fifths
of the slaves were counted. By the second sec-
tion of the fourteenth amendment the whole
number of the people is to be counted, exclud-
ing Indians not taxed; and then there is a
provision :
" But when the right to voto at any election for the
choico of electors for President and Vice President
of the United States, Representatives in Congress,
the executive and judicial officers of a State, or the
members of the Legislature thereof, is denied to any
of the male inhabitants of such State, being twenty-
one years of age, and citizens of the United States,
or in any way abridged, except for participation in
rebellion, or other crime, the basis of representa-
tion therein shall be reduced in the proportion which
the number of such male citizens shall bear to the
whole number of male citizens twenty-one years of
age in such State."
This constitutional amendment was pro-
claimed as adopted on the 28th of July, 18G8,
and the Senate will observe that if the enum-
eration of the people of the United States is
not to take effect until 1873, it will be five years
before any effect will be given to this second
section of the fourteenth amendment, and you
disfranchise in the Congress of the United
States, for five years after it is adopted, some
sixteen or eighteen hundred thousand people
who have been enfranchised and who are to be
counted according to the fourteenth amend-
ment of the Constitution which was proclaimed
as adopted in 1808. They are to be disfran-
chised for half a decade unless we cau have
this apportionment upon the census of 1870
take effect in the next Congress in 1871. This
would be manifestly unjust. The sixteen or
eighteen hundred thousand people who have
been made freemen in the southern States and
are now counted as a part of our population, and
are not only counted, but have a right to vote,
have a right to.demand that the census should
take effect and the apportionment be made
at as early a day as practicable. In order to
accomplish this this bill has passed the House
of Representatives.
I am not sure as to the date of the last cen-
sus act, but I think it was since this bill passed
the House ; at any rate, as the law now stands,
the census-takers are required to make their
returns to the Superintendent of the Census
here in Washington by the 10th day of Sep-
tember, and it became necessary, as will be
seen, to amend the second section of this bill,
because, as it passed the House of Represent-
atives, it required—
" That after the next enumeration of the inhab-
itants of the United States shall have been com-
pleted according to law, and before the 15th day of
August, 1870, the Superintendent of the Census shall
prepare and submit to the Secretary of the Interior
a preliminary report."
That must be amended, because the marshals
are not required by the law as it exists to make
their returns to the Superintendent of the Cen-
sus until the 10th of September ; and hence it
would be an impossibility for him to make a
report to the Secretary of the Interior on the
1st of August. We found it necessary, there-
fore, to amend the second section, which we
have done by making it the duty of the Super-
intendent of the Census to make this report
immediately after the next enumeration of the
inhabitants of the United States, and before
the 1st day of October. He is to do it imme-
diately after the enumeration, which is to be
returned to him by the 10th of September,
and it is hoped that he may make this appor-
tionment earlier than the 1st day of October ;
but at any rate, as we have proposed to amend
the bill, he must do it by the 1st day of Octo-
ber ; and 1 understand there will be no diffi-
culty in completing the census by that time.
Then, as to the elections which take place after
the lstof October, in those States where there is
an increased number of Representatives, should
this bill pass and become a law, the additional
members will be elected by the State at large,
and the others in districts, as now provided
bylaw. It is supposed that on a basis of three
hundred members no State will lose any of its
representation.
I believe I have stated the. object of the
amendments which the Committee on the Judi-
ciary have reported, and the effect of the bill
and the object of the bill, which is to give tho
earliest practical effect to the census of 1870.
It is complying, and nothing more, with a
requirement of the Constitution of the United
States; it is doing justice to a large class of
citizens heretofore disfranchised, and is giving
the proper representation to those portions of
the country which have added largely to their
population within the last decade. It is so
eminently just and proper that I trust the Sen-
ate will think it advisable to concur in the
amendments and cass the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Howe
in the chair.) The question is on the amend-
ment striking out "two hundred and severity-
five'' and inserting "three hundred," in line
five of section one.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eleven,
section one, to strike out "two hundred and
seventy-five" and insert "three hundred."
Mr. TRUMBULL. There are two or three
of these amendments running through the bill.
One makes the other necessary. I suppose
they will all follow, of course.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twelve of
section one, after the word "limited" to
strike out the following words:
And if the number of Representatives of any State
shall be reduced by such apportionment, such re-
