404
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 28,
Senate.
American Commerce—Mr. Chandler.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
it in a far less degree, bat sufficiently to warn
them, of its danger. Of all others the white
settlers of Washington Territory should hesi-
tate about urging the grant we are now con-
sidering. Should the main lino and branch
of the Northern. Pacific be built both will cross
this Territory, thus giving the company control
of nearly one half the lands over two belts,
each one hundred and twenty miles wide, that
together" will'cover the entire area of the Ter-
ritory. It may redeem the wilderness to plunge
its future occupants into a more deplorable
condition.
Having briefly presented my objections to the
pending resolution, I might with great propri-
ety close my remarks. But I beg leave to add
that it is time, high time, that the land policy
of the Government was changed. The public
domain should be hedged in with stronger safe-
guards. It has for some years been treated as
a useless estate, to be parceled out to all cor-
porations that seek it. Much good has doubt-
less been accomplished by previous judicious
distributions in aid of public works ; but this
furnishes no excuse for wasteful extravagance
in the endowment of corporations not fortified
with the argument of public necessity. The
plan of lavishing wholo empires on single com-
panies ought to be abandoned. In fact it is
doubtful whether further grants, _ except for
educational purposes, would be wise or judi-
cious.
Numerous lines of railroad communication
have been constructed by private means in most
of the States east of the Mississippi. West of
that great river and north of the Arkansas lino
tho shrill whistle of the locomotive scarcely
echoes over a prairie or along a valley without
reaching some tract of land that was donated
by the Government to a railroad company. The
Atlantic and the Pacific are linked together by
iron bands purchased by the aid of Govern-
ment. Over one hundred and eighty million
acres—an area equal to that embraced in the
great States of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Mich-
igan, Wisconsin, and Minnesota—have been
given to construct railroads and wagon-roads;
Our generosity has outrun our prudence. As
the trustee of the people it may well be ques-
tioned' whether we and our predecessors have
been faithful to our trust.
The attention of tho people has been ar-
rested by these inroads on the public domain,
and they will soon proclaim their disapproval
in unmistakable terms. The Republicans of
Indiana have already done so by ingrafting into
a recent State platform a resolution which ex-
presses the sentiment, of the entire people of
that State without distinction of party. I de-
sire to call attention to it as an indication of
what will soon follow in other localities. Here
it is:
" That wo aro opposed to tho donations of tho public
lands or tho Kraut of subsidies in money to railroads
arid othor corporations, and tliat wo demand tho
reservation of tho public domain for tho uso of actual
settlors and educational purposes."
Let1 it not be supposed from what I have
said that I am an enemy of the railroad system.
Far from it, sir; it is therecont policy of build-
ing railroads almost entirely at the expense of
the Government that I oppose. The system
itself is good enough; in fact, it has contrib-
uted immensely to the wealth, happiness, and
prosperity of the whole country. He is an
unwise man who would now condemn a sys-
tem that has built up towns and cities, encour-
aged manufactures, enhanced tho value of
farms, stimulated industry, spreadinformation,
established markets, cheapened transportation,
and subdued the forest. All these blessings
can bo and will be continued and increased by
the employment of private capital alone. Their
spread will be slower, but the result will be
more satisfactory.
My colleagues and 1 are proud of tho fact
that .of the ninety-two counties in Indiana
about eighty of them are accessible by rail,
not one foot of which was laid by Government
aid. The same energy and spirit of enterprise
that have Within twenty years changed the
sparse settlements of that State into populous
communities by constructing these lines of
communication will also carry them in due
time into the newer States and Territories
without entailing on their people the dreaded
curse of land monopoly. Much as we desire
to see the country lying between the Missis-
sippi and the Pacific teeming with an indus-
trious population, it would be far better to
reach that end by slow marches than to rush
into a policy that will eventually retard its
prosperity and check its growth. If we would
be just to the men who shall hereafter people
that vast empire, let us preserve free homes
for them with which they can develop the
wealth necessary to construct the thorough-
fares required for their comfort and conven-
ience. Any policy which, looks to the amass-
ing of colossal fortunes in the hands of living
men by turning over to them the virgin soil of
the West will embarrass and cripple succeed-
ing generations.
American Commerce.
SPEECH OF HON. Z. CHANDLER,
OF MICHIGAN.
Ix the United States Senate,
May 28, 1870.
On tho following resolution, submitted by him on
the 25th instant:
llcvolved. That tho Committoo on Commerce bo
instructed toinquiro and report as to the most feasi-
blo and oifcctivo method for restoring tho foroign
commerce of tho United States to American vessels-
Mr. CHANDLER said:
Mr. President: It will be noticed that the
resolution instructs tho Committee on Com-
merce to inquire into the best methods of
restoring our foreign commerce to the Ameri-
can flag. It is a fact, although a humiliating
one, that our flag has been practically driven
from tho ocean so far as our foreign commerce
is concerned. Our domestic and coastwise
commerce was never in a more prosperous
condition than it is to-day ; but from the for-
eign traffic our flag has -been driven. The
question is, what shall be done to restore to
our flag the commerce which it formerly almost
monopolized V
Prior to 18C0 we built the best and cheapest
ships in the world. American clippers were
the fastest, and most economical ships that
sailed tho ocean. In consequence of that we
built ships for the world. England, Germany,
France, Turkey, China, the whole world, pur-
chased more or less of our ships. It was no
uncommon thing for a ship-owner in Maine to
take a cargo of lumber to New Orleans, from
New Orleans or Mobile a cargo of cotton to
the Baltic, from the Baltic a cargo, perhaps,
to Calcutta, and so around the world; and
finally, at the end of three or. four years, that
ship would take a cargo of teas for the United
States and return, having earned during that
time more money than her original cost and
outfit. She was refitted and went again on
her rounds, and again returned with a fortune
to her owners.
But, sir, that is all changed now. Twenty-
seven years ago I spent a winter abroad, and
at that time I saw more ships bearing the
American than the flag of any other nation in
the different ports which I visited. During the
past summer, in a six months' journey or more,
I do not remember having seen but one single
American ling on European waters. I saw
one American flag in a port of Holland. The
ship had gone there with a cargo of petroleum,
and that was the only American ilag that 1
happened to see. There were other American
flags there undoubtedly, but I did not seethera.
Virtually we are driven from the ocean.
In the days of our prosperous commerce th e
immigrant traffic was all done by sailing ships.
There was a single line of steamships, the
Cunard line, then running; but those ships
were small, and carried few if any immigrants.
Our fast-sailing clippers, the Black Ball line
and other lines of American ships, brought
the great bulk of immigrants. The traffic was
a profitable one. But, sir, that is all changed.
Now it is impossible for an American wooden
ship to obtain a cargo of immigrants at any
price. Then most of the valuable merchandise
of the world came to this country in those fast-
sailing ships. To-day not a pound of valuable
merchandise is brought in sailing ships. It.
is all changed. Our ships can obtain a full
cargo to any port in Europe of cotton or grain
or tobacco, or any of the products of the Uni-
ted States, but they can get no profitable re-
turn cargo. A single cargo does not pay for a
voyage both ways. Now a ship loading with
a cargo of cotton for a German port must
either go to England and take a return cargo
of coal or of iron, the cheapest of all freights,
or go to Turk's Island and take a cargo of salt
at a mere nominal rate, and return virtually in
ballast so far as her bill of lading is con-
cerned.
What is the cause of this great change ? It
is that there has been a revolution in com-
merce, a revolution as complete since the year
1860 as though a century had intervened. To-
day all immigrants, all valuable freights, all
profitable cargoes are shipped by steam pro-
pellers. Iron has taken the place of wood,
and steam the place of wind. Why, sir, you
remember when you first went to Indiana that
you took the packet-boat; if you did not, I did
when I first went to Michigan, and went at the
tremendous speed of four miles an hour through
the State of New York, and was two weeks on
the route from Boston to Detroit. The packet-
boat busiuess was ruined, absolutely ruined,
by the building of railroads. The packet men
had to give it up.
Why, sir, you remember very well that a few
years ago we had colossal steamboats on the
lakes. I remember there were four on the
line running from Detroit to Buffalo that cost
$250,000 each. They were magnificent boats;
but when the railroad lines were completed
around tho south shore of Lake Erie and across
Canada those ships ceased to be agents of com-
merce. They ran them one year at a loss.
They then laid them up, and they laid there
three, four, five, or six years. They then took
out the engines and sold them for what they
were worth and turned the hulls into wooden
barges, and to-day they are agents of com-
merce. But while they lay there with their
engines in them they ceased to be agents of
commerce.
Sir, you may own a thousand ships, and if
you cannot run them profitably you have no
commerce. You may build a thousand ships,
and if you cannot run them at a profit yon
have no commerce. Ship-building is not com-
merce. Ship-owning is not commerce. They
are merely the agents of commerce. Our com-
merce goes on as it used to do. We have more
commerce now than we had when we had tho
carrying trade; but unfortunately for us that
commerce is carricd under a foreign ilag.
There is not a single mail going from tho
United States to-day to anyport in Europe that
goes under the American flag. You cannot
send a letter to Europe by steam under Ameri-
can colors. Why is this? It is because of the
revolution that, has taken place in commerce.
We can compete to-day with any nation on
earth, and do compete in thebuilding of wooden
ships, whether they be steam or sailing vessels.
To-day we have control almost of tho Chinese
inland traffic under the American flag, because
