106
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
side of the mark, for we liave no constitutional
power to do that which is proposed. No law
we cati pass, no section we can put into this
bill, can take effectso far as the Representatives
of the people are concerned before March 4,
1873 ; and whether, localities ought to be rep-
resented better than they are is quite out of the
question, for we have not the constitutional
power to do the thing which the gentleman
I'.uempts to accomplish.
Mr. COBURN. Mr. Chairman 
The CHAIRMAN. No further debate is in
order on this amendment.
Mr. BINGHAM. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. COBURN. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the amendment. I move to strike out
of section twenty-two all down to the word
"Congress," in lines seven and eight, and to
insert the following, which I send to the desk
to be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
That the Superintendent of the Census shall pre-
pare for submission to the Secretary of the Interior,
on or before the second Monday in August next, a
preliminary report embracing statistics of the popu-
lation of the United States, by States or Territories
and counties or parishes, sufficiently full for the
equalization of representation of the several States
m Congress. And the Secretary of the Interior shall,
without delay, ascertain as hereinafter provided
the number of Representatives to be apportioned to
o'ich State under the enumeration provided for in
t 'i;u.m : and thereupon said Secretary shall, with-
out delay, certify a statement of such apportionment
to tho President of the United States, whose duty it
f-h.ill be forthwith to make a proclamation thereof,
and notify the Governors of the several States
thereof. And it shall be lawful for the inhabitants
oi' the several States who may by such apportion-
ment have an increased representation to elect such
additional Representatives on a en oral ticket for tho
State at large, to serve as members for the Forty-
second Congress. And tho Superintendent of the
Census shall submit a like report at the beginning
of tho next session ofCongress held after the date of
the census.
Mr. COBURN. The committee will per-
ceive that the provision I offer looks to two
icports being made ; first, one to the Secretary
of the Interior on the second Monday in Au-
gust, and the other to Congress in December.
The object of the first report is, as stated by
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Junn] who
preceded me in this discussion, to enable the
Secretary of the Interior to find out the appor-
tionment under the law which we are about to
adopt, that a statement of it may be certified
lo the President of the United States. 1 have
no doubt that this can be readily accomplished
by the second Monday in August. The in-
formation will all be in the hands of the Census
Superintendent long before that time, and it
will be but a short work for the Secretary of
the Interior to make a calculation and certify
it to the President of the United States; and
it will not be half an hour's work to the Presi-
dent of tho United States to make his procla-
mation and order the certificates to be sent to
the Governors of the States.
And then the amendment further provides
that in States which will be entitled to an in-
creased representation Representatives to Con-
gress can be elected, without the Legislatures
being called, on a general ticket. There will
perhaps be a few States in which the represent-
ation will be diminished, but these will be very
few—not more, perhaps, than three or four;
and these the eastern and perhaps smaller
States, where without much difficulty a Legis-
lature can be got together without any great
additional expense to the people. It seems to
me that a proposition so reasonable, so fair, so
just, and one whose result is so easily accom-
plished, should not be rejected on account of
any precedent that may have been set by the
former action of the Government.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Woodward] has argued that this proposition
is unconstitutional; simply, as I understood
the gentleman, because there is a provision for
a ten years' enumeration in the Constitution
of the United States, and the practice of the
Government lias been—a practice which, it is
argued, has a bearing on the constitutional
question—to make the apportionment of rep-
resentation two or three years after the enum-
eration. Certainly no consideration of that
kind can arise in a matter like the present.
The States in the South, where there has been
a large increase of representation by reason
of the emancipation of the negroes and the
conferring of the right of suffrage upon them,
and the States in the West which have been
growing rapidly within the last eight years—all
these States are entitled justly to their fair rep-
resentation on this floor. Six millions or more
of the people of the United States will be dis-
franchised for two years unless the principle
I am now contending for be given effect to.
We are constantly talking about the work of
reconstruction. I say to the House that the
work of reconstruction is incomplete until the
States of the West as well as the States of the
South are enfranchised and have their full
representation under the Constitution as we
read it to-day. I see no reason, nothing in the
Constitution, nothing in the law, nothing in the
practice of the Government, that would or
should forbid us from adopting a provision of
this kind.
Formerly the marshals conducted the taking
of the census ; formerly the process was slow ;
formerly it took months to count the people
and find the aggregate of the population and
the other items ascertained by taking the cen-
sus; but now we propose to do the work rap-
idly, to have it done and reported, as it were, on
the same day. We propose to have the thing done
inside of one month. And why, then, should
we wait two or three years to accomplish that
which can be readily accomplished inside of
six weeks?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will not say
anything further on the question of the consti-
tutional power of Congress to do this thing;
indeed, I did not in the first instance assert that
it was clearly my opinion that we had no such
constitutional power. I spoke of the decade
merely as an immemorial custom on this sub-
ject; and I will only say one word more in
regard to the constitutional feature. I think
every gentleman will admit, from the reading
of the clause of the Constitution, that every
time we do make a new distribution of power
there must be a new census to base it on. I do
not deny that we might take a census once in
every five years, or perhaps oncc a year if we
chose, but every time we reapportion the mem-
bers of this House it must be on a census.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I desire to call atten-
tion to the practical situation in which we are
placed. I happen to have been a member of
the Ohio senate in 1860-61, when we were
redistricting that State under the new appor-
tionment. We had all our little skeleton maps
and plans ready when we met together in Jan-
uary, I860, so that when the news came, as we
expected it would, in the summer, of how the
apportionment would stand, we could put our
little bills through and finish up the matter.
The long summer session ended and no report
came. We met again in the winter of 1860-61,
and our maps and bills were ready, but no
result of the census came from Washington,
and it was, if I remember rightly, the month
of April or March before we did get the results,
and then they came so late that the redistricting
was not done until the winter of 1861 was over.
Now, that was the experience of one State,
and of course it was the experience of all the
States. Suppose we undertake this thing now
as proposed by the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Judd,] and suppose, as is very likely, that
there is long delay in arriving at the result
from returns having to be sent back to remote
States for correction, and from the loss of
returns in the mails and otherwise—a delay
which runs down through the summer, and tho
congressional elections have taken place ; if
the old apportionment were broken up we
should be in chaos, and we certainly will be
so, in my judgment, ifwe undertake to push this
now scheme through at this late day. It was
Ihe purpose of the Committee on the Census,
if they could have passed a bill last spring, to
have provided in the bill that the apportion-
ment should be made this winter, or rather in
time for the next term, and that could have
been done, for we then proposed that the cen-
sus should be taken by the 1st of April. But
that time has passed, and I look upon the thing
now as impracticable, if not impossible. To
undertake it will overload and sink, not only
this bill, but the respect that this House ought
to have before the American people.
Mr. JUDD. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last line.
The CHAIRMAN. There is an amendment
to the amendment now pending.
Mr. COBURN. I withdraw the amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. JUDD. I renew it. I desire, as we have
been met by a question of law by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Woodward,] that
we should understand precisely where we arc ;
and I call the attention of the House to the
provisions of the Constitution that I read before
in order to emphasize a portion of them and
see where we are :
"Representatives and direot taxes shall be ap-
portioned among the several States which may be
included within this Union, according to their
respective numbers."
It is made the absolute duty of Congress,
whenever in any legal mode they ascertain
what the number of inhabitants is, to make an
apportionment of representation according to
the number of those inhabitants.
The next provision is that Congress shall
provide a mode of ascertaining what the num-
ber of inhabitants is, and that they shall do it
at least within every ten years. Neither the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gakfield] nor any
other member of Congress holds office for any
decade; that is not the existence of the term
of office. Nor is there any constitutional pro-
vision which requires Congress, after it has in
a legal form ascertained the number of inhab-
itants, to postpone for one, two, six, or eight
years making the apportionment. The mo-
ment that information is brought to Congress
in accordance with the forms of law the pro-
vision of the Constitution which I have read
makes it the duty of Congress to make the
apportionment. I say, then, that if the re-
turns are made by the 1st of July, as provided
for in this bill, there is nothing impracticable
in carrying out the spirit of the Constitution
and allowing the States representation accord-
ing to the number of their inhabitants, as shown
by the census.
Mr. DICKEY. It strikes me that there is
an additional objection beyond those already
stated to the propositions of the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Judd] and the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Cobubs.] The objection is this:
the apportionment among the States is not
based upon the whole population or the whole
people of the United Stales; it is based upon
all the people of the United States who by the
laws of the several States have the right to
vote for members of Congress, &o. Wherever
a State limits the right of any portion of its
people to vote, in that proportion is her repre-
sentation to be reduced. The simple enumer-
ation by the enumerators under the census does
not furnish the basis of representation. You
must then examine the constitutions and laws
of the several States, to see whether there is
any limitation upon the right of any portion of
the people to vote. If there is then their rep-
resentation in Congress is to be reduced, and
the apportionment of the State that limits the
right of any portion of its people to vote must
be made to conform to that fact.
Now, does any gentleman propose to devolve
that duty upon a clerk, a Secretary, or a census-
taker? Is it proposed that the Secretary of the
Interior shall pass upon the constitutions and
laws of the several States, and decide for this
Congress and for the people of the United States
the proper construction of those constitutions
