1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•10T
a?^i. ?ws' ar® we to take the number
ot the people and come back here to Congress
ana ascertain who are disfranchised by the
constitutions and laws of the States, and reduce
the number of Representatives of those accord-
ing to the fourteenth amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States? It seems to me
that the objection to the plan of,the gentleman
irom Illinois [Mr. Judd] and the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Cobtjrn] is an insuperable
one.
Mr. JUDD. I withdraw the amendment to
the amendment.
_ Mr. MAYNAIID. I renew it. This propo-
sition has in my opinion very great merit, and
if practicable it ought to be adopted. I believe
it has not been noticed that in the last decade
we have changed the Constitution in several
important respects affecting this question.
And another very great change has been made
during the same time. By emancipating a
large portion of our people we have practically
admitted a very large increase to the ballot-
box, and the Federal enumeration has been
very largely increased in fifteen of the States
of this country. _ By that increase we have a
population that is now practically unrepre-
sented, whose voice is not heard and whose
members are not felt in this body. I think,
therefore, that as soon as possible we should
so change the apportionment of representation
that that portion of our people, the recently
enfranchised, may bo heard through their
proper Representatives, giving to those fifteen
States altogether perhaps some fifteen addi-
tional Representatives, even according to the
present ratio of apportionment.
There has been some objection made on the
score of the impracticability of this scheme.
Let me remind gentlemen that until within
comparatively a few years nearly one half of
the States ofthis Union did not elect their Rep-
resentatives until after the termination of the
preceding Congress. In Virginia they were
elected in the May subsequent to the close of
Congress in March. My own State did not
clect until the August succeeding; other States
not until September, and some not until the
November following. Now, if you should by
law postpone the election of members of the
Forty-Second Congress until May, 1871, we can
during the next session of this Congress so
arrange matters that the election for members
of the Forty-Second Congress can be held in
accordance with the returns of the ninth census.
I am told that the next Congress is required
by law to meet on the 4th of March, 1873. I am
aware of that; but that law can be changed.
The term of Congress always begins on the 4th
of March, immediately at the close of the pre-
ceding Congress. But the Constitution pro-
vided that there should be a session of Congress
to begin on the first Monday of December, and
during that interval, from the 3d of March to
the first Monday in December, these elections
of which I have spoken were held in some of
the States until the commencement of the war
of the rebellion ; in others until since the com-
mencement of the war. The reason for meet-
ing on the 4th day of March—at the very first
moment of the constitutional existence of the
Congress—no longer exists. There is no longer
any occasion for so early a meeting of each
new Congress, and we can change the law so
that the Forty-Second Congress shall meet on
the first Monday of December, as contemplated
by the Constitution and in pursuance of the
former practice.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Chairman, I am in favor
of the amendment introduced by the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Coburn] oran amendment
substantially similar. Believing that representa-
tion in Congress should be based, as required
by the Constitution, on the population, and that
there is no restriction in the Constitution with
reference to the time at which the enumeration
shall be taken, I am inclined to favor such an
amendment, something that will give us as
soon as possible a representation of all the
people in the Congress of the United States. I
disagree with the opinion of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Woodward] that the Con-
stitution of the (J nited States will not permit this
enumeration, with a view to representation in
Congress, except every ten years. The Con-
stitution provides that the enumeration shall
be taken " within " every ten years, not that
it shall be taken at no other time ; hut this
enumeration is to be taken at least every ten
years, and upon it the representation in Con-
gress is to be based. The first enumeration
was to be made within three years afterthe first
meeting of Congress under the Constitution ;
and it has been taken since that time at inter-
vals of ten years, but not-because the Constitu-
tion required this enumeration should be taken
just every ten years and not oftener, but
because the Congress of the United States has
seen fit to provide for the taking of this enum-
eration every ten years. Let me read the lan-
guage of the Constitution on this subject:
" The actual enumeration shall be rnnde within
three years after the first meeting of the Congress of
the United States, and within every subsequent
term of ten yoars, in such manner as they shall by
law direct."
The clear meaning of this provision is that
within every term often years an enumeration
shall be taken, and that upon that enumeration
the distribution of Representatives among the
people of the United Stales shall be fixed as
Congress may determine. The Constitution
evidently means that t.ho people shall be ac-
corded their representation upon the basis of
each enumeration as soon as the number of
Representatives to which they aro entitled can
be ascertained. If one part of the country has
grown uj> very rapidly, if a State that h%s had
but one Representative has been growing as if
by magic until it has a population of many
hundreds of thousands, the intention of the
Constitution is that this inequality of represent-
ation shall bo remedied as soon as possible,
and that at the earliest possible moment such a
State shall bo allowed the full representation to
which its population may entitle it. But cer-
tainly the meaning of the Constitution is not to
forbid an enumeration at any other time than
once within ten years.
Holding this view, I am in favor of this
enumeration being made as rapidly as possible,
and I desiro that as soon thereafter as practi-
cable tlio Legislatures of the respective States
shall provide for representation in accordance
with the law of Congress. Whatever may be
the aggregate number of Representatives fixed
by Congress—throe hundred, two hundred and
seventy-five, or any other number—let the
inhabitantsof the United States be districted in
accordaneo with the apportionment as soon as
it can bo done, allowing the Legislatures of the
different States to pass laws redistrieting their
respective States; or if there be not time for a
redisricting, that they may at least provide
for the election of such a number of Repre-
sentatives as they may be entitled to. In this
way would be secured to the people of the
various States I he representation to which they
are entitled and which the Constitution of the
United States contemplates they shall have.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. No further debate is in
order unless the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Maynard] withdraws bis amendment,
Mr. MAYNARD. I withdraw my amend-
ment that the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Hoar] may renew it.
Mr. HOAR. Mr. Chairman, it seems to me-
that the objection to the plan proposed by the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Jodd] repre-
senting the Chicago district has not been stated
in its full strength. It is objectionable on three
grounds, two of the highest, gravest legislative
expediency, and one of absolute imperative
constitutional interpretation. The constitu-
tional objection seems to me to be this: the
first article in the first section of the Constitu-
tion provides that all legislative powers shall
be vested in Congress. Now, sir, the power
to apportion the representation in this House
among the different States of this Union, there-
by determining all questions of local and con-
stitutional interpretation which the exercise
of that power requires, is an essential legisla-
tive power incapable of delegation, and Con-
gress cannot, if it would part with, to a mere
clerical or ministerial officer the power of de-
termining the hundred questions which, if the
members of the House will examine the little
pamphlet laid before them by the committee,
must present themselves for solution as a quali-
fication under the fourteenth amendment to the
Constitution. The clerical duties undoubtedly
may be done by a secretary or clerk. They
have been discharged by such officers under
former censuses; but Congress has always re-
served to itself, by varyingthe final apportion-
ment, the opportunity to exercise its own au-
thority to have the apportionment finally fixed
upon its own legislative act. On the 4th of
March, 1862, Congress passed a brief law
apportioning among the different States of the
Union the members of the House according to
the census previously taken, rightly and justly
considering in conformity with the precedents
from the formation of the Government that
the act of the secretary could be of no validity
until it had been approved and adopted by
Congress.
Another objection, Mr. Chairman, of grave
legislative expediency is this : that it is nnbe-
coming in the Congress of the United States
to give this vast power to a single officer. If
gentlemen will look at the collection of laws
and constitutions in different States which the
industry of this committee has furnished us
will see that questions of the most delicate
character must be answered before this appor-
tionment is made. Shall inability to read or
write—which in the State I represent consti-
tutes a disqualification—be such a disqualifica-
tion as requires the rejection of such persons
from the enumeration? Is the provision requir-
ing residence three or six or twelve months a
disqualification as to these persons in counting
them in a representative census of their State,
or will Congress hold that such persons are not
excluded from the census?
There is one other point. This proposition
will require the Legislatures of the several
States to divide or district their States at short
notice, within the period of three or four weeks,
and in the midst of a heated and angry political
canvass.
[Hero the hammer fell.]
Mr. KRLTjEY. Mr. Chairman, there is a
point which seems to me in connection with
this, although generally alluded to, not to have
been distinctly stated, and that is the point of
ccouomy. All the Legislatures are to be con-
vened in the months of August or September,
at what cost to the people of this country ? At
an expenditure of how many million dollars
for mileage and for pay, and at what incon-
venience to the people. This is rather an
important work to district the Stales for ten
years of_ legislation ; and yet it is to be done
rapidly, in extra session, at an unusual season
of the year, when there will be comparatively
few persons present. I think these views should
have some consideration and weight. It will
cost the people of the United States through
their several State treasuries more than the
taking of the whole census, yet we have been
higgling over small sums of ten dollars and $100
in this bill.
According to the theories put out here only
one half of the people in my district are rep-
resented. We are told how many people in
the West and South are not represented. It
so happens that there are more than two people
in my district for one in the last census, yet
they are all foolish enough to suppose they have
some measure of representation upon this floor.
They have the representation given them by the
Constitution; but to meet the ideas of gentle-
men it would require us to take our census
every six months for the time to come, because
