1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
405
41st Cong.... 2d Sess.
American Commerce—Mr. Chandler.
Senate.
>t is carried on in wooden ships, and because
American wooden ships are better adapted to
inland traffic than any other ships built in the
world. To-day upon the Khine they have what
is called '• the American line." They are after
! lie pattern of American river ships. Whether
they were built m America or not I do not
know, but they are called there as familiarly
"the American line" as the Cunardcrs are
called " the Cunard line."
Now, Mr. President, our ship-building in-
terest is depressed ; we are building no ships.
Our ship-owning interest is depressed, and
why ? It is that the commerce formerly car-
ried on under the American flag throughout
the world has been driven home upon us, and
to-day we have more ships than we can profit-
ably employ in coastwise trade. Our coastwise
and inland trade is a strict monopoly, just as
much a monopoly as manufacturing McCor-
mick's reapers under a patent. We allow no
foreign ship to touch a single pound or carry
it. a rod ; it is a monopoly for Americans. But,
sir, the foreign traffic is open to the world;
the foreign traflic is entirely free; and who-
ever can do the business the quickest and the
cheapest will obtain it. Prior to 1860 we
could do it the quickest and the cheapest with
our Baltimore clippers, and we did it; but
since 1860, as I said before, a revolution has
taken place as complete as though a century
had intervened.
Sir, the commerce of the lakes is in the same
situation as the commerce of the ocean. There
is no ship-building on the lakes, or very little,
and vessel owners are bitterly complaining of
depression in their business ; and why is this?
It is because there has been a revolution in
the carrying trade. Four competing lines of
railroad have been carried through from the
Atlantic to tlie Mississippi river, and those
four lines of railroad each have a terminus in
Chicago, and to-day there are millions, and
Cor aught I know hundreds of millions of tons,
certainly many millions of tons of freight that
used to go around the lakes or float down the
Mississippi river, and load ships from New
Orleans to New York, that are brought across
by rail; and it is railroad competition that has
depressed the shipping interest of the lakes
But, sir, they must submit. As those mag-
nificent ships were displaced, broken up, de-
stroyed, when they came in competition with
railroads and would not pay, so must the ves-
sel interests of the lakes submit to the inevi-
table. They may have too many ships to-day;
but three, or four, or five years will remedy
that; perhaps one or two years, by tho annual
loss, by the annual wear and tear, will reduce
them to the required number; and then, sir,
our ship-yards will again bo lively and our
vessel-owners satisfied; but until that time
comes they must wait.
Just so it is on the Atlantic. The ships that
by hundreds and by thousands used to be en-
gaged in foreign traffic have all been driven
home substantially, and to-day we have more
ships than wo can profitably use. They must
wait until the natural decay and wear and tear
and loss by accident shall have reduced the
number to where they will pay, and again your
ship-yards will be busy.
But, sir, I am thus far talking about our do-
mestic commerce. How are we to get back
the traflic of the world? That is the point,
flow are we to have our flag exhibited in every
poil of the world? How are we to resume our
position as one of the chief carriers of the
world?
Mr. President, this domestic commerce of
which 1 have been speaking consists to-day of
a little more than four million three hundred
thousand tons, or the seeondlargest commerce
in the world. There is no nation to-day, except
Great Britain, that has an equal amount of car-
rying commerce with us. Our inland and coast-
wise commerce is greater than that of any other
nation on the earth except Great Britain. But
the question no w is, how are we to restore the for-
eign traffic to our flag? and it is a question that I
approach with great diffidence; it is a question
exceedingly difficult to solve. A sub-committee
of the Committees on Commerce of the Senate
and of the House has had this question under
consideration for about three months. We
have met once a week, and sometimes twice.
My friend from Maryland [Mr. Tickers] will
correct me if I am wrong. We have had be-
fore us the largest ship-builders, both of iron
and of wooden ships, in the United States.
We have had the largest vessel-owners before
us, even vessel-owners engaged in the Chinese
trade, and we find that their views are so con-
flicting that it will be almost if not absolutely
impossible to .meet the expectations of any of
them.
The vessel-builder can see nothing in com-
merce but building ships; he thinks that if you
stimulate the building of ships you are building
up your commerce. Well, sir, you may build
ten thousand ships, and if you cannot run them
profitably you have no commerce. They will
lie and rot at your docks if they lose five dol-
lars a trip. The vessel-owners can see nothing
of commerce but ship-owning. Well, sir, you
may own ten thousand ships, and if you can-
not run them profitably you have no commerce.
If they lose five dollars a trip they will not run;
they must make a profit. As I said before, the
great question is, how shall we restore this
commerce to our flag. Here we meet with
almost insuperable obstacles.
There are several ways that suggest them-
selves to my own mind; and I wish it distinctly
understood that I do not speak for the Com-
mittee on Commerce or for any member of
the Committee on Commerce of either House.
I merely speak for myself, and commit no man.
There are several ways that have suggested
themselves to my mind. We might, by abro-
gating our present treaties with all the nations
of the earth, impose differential duties between
oar own and all other flags, and that might be
of benefit to our commerce. I see that a mem-
ber of the other House has introduced a bill
v/ith that view. I already had that proposition
among my notes ; but in my judgment it would
not lead to any material benefit, because every
other nation would pass retaliatory laws. Spain
lias always pursued that course, as she does
to-day. In the island of Cuba there is a dif-
ferential duty imposed upon all foreign vessels,
but we are not much disposed t,o follow the
example of Spain ; it is now rather late in the
day for us to copy Spain, and still I am not
sure but that we may be driven to that very
course. 1 do not commit myself one way or
the other.
Then it is the opinion of some that draw-
backs will accomplish this desirable end,
drawbacks upon all materials that enter into
the composition of a ship. If drawbacks will
restore this foreign commerce to our flag I
for one would be willing to-morrow, so far
as the foreign commerce of the nation is con-
cerned, to allow a drawback. I say this is
my own personal preference, but I do not
even commit myself to that, for I have serious
doubts whether it will accomplish the object.
I had drawn a bill with that provision in it
which I have never yet presented, because, as
I said before, of the difficulties surrounding
the case. I do not now offer this bill; I merely
read it as a contribution to the solution of this
question :
"That from and after the passage of this aot when,
any imported materials are used in the construction
or equipment of ships built in the United States for
the purpose of being sold or used in foreign trade
and commerce,thereshall bo allowed and paid to the
parties building such ships, under such regulations as
the Secretary of theTreasury may proscribe,a sum of
money equal in amount to the duty which shallhave
been paid on such materials at tho time of importa-
tion. And in caso materials of domestic growth,
manufacture, or production enter into tho construc-
tion and equipment of such ship, there shall be
allowed and paid to tho parties building the same,
under like regulations, a sum of money equal in
amount to the duties on such materials had such
materials been imported from foreign countries: Pro-
vided, however, That any ship built under tho pro-
visions of this section shall be allowed to engage in
tho coasting trado of the United States only upon the
repayment of tho money which had been paid by tho
United States on tho construction and equipment of
such vessel."
That, mark you, Mr. President, applies to
the foreign traffic. A proposition to allow
drawbacks on the domestic traffic would be
utterly disastrous. A foreign ship confined to
the foreign traffic only is in the exact position
of merchandise in bond. She is confined to
the foreign traffic and cannot interfere with
the coastwise trade at all, and that foreign
traffic is as free as the air. Why, sir, one
cent on one hundred pounds, other things
being equal, would control the traffic of the
world, and the nation or the individual that
can underbid or excel another in speed of
transit or in cheapness of transit or in safety
of transit will have and hold the commerce of
the world until somebody else can beat it.
But what would be the effect of the common,
universal drawback proposed ? I think the prop-
osition is to, allow an average drawback of ten
dollars per ton on every ton of shipping built in
the "United States to engage in the domestic or
foreign trado. What would be the effect of that?
As I havo stated before, wo have four million
three hundred thousand tons, nearly or all
engaged in the coastwise and inland trado. Tho
effect of this would be to reduce the value of that
shipping instantly by a stroke of the pen to the
full amount of tho bounty you allow to ship-
builders to-day; in other words, by the passage
of that bill you diminish the value of your pres-
ent shipping to the extent of $48,000)000 and
furnish no equivalent, because unless the pres-
ent owners will reduce the value of their ships
to the cost of production now, with the draw
back, now ships will be built, and you will not
increase your commerce. They will increase
your competition; they will not take an im-
migrant passenger from abroad, and they will
not bring a pound of valuable freight. They
will enter into and further depress your present
depressed shipping interest on the coast, and
you will rob the present vessel-owners of about
forty-eight million dollars and furnish them no
equivalent whatever.
But, sir, by allowing a drawback on foreign
commerce, asl have suggested, you rob nobody.
You have not got the foreign commerce now;
it has all gone from you. How will you get it
back? I am ready to go a little further than
that. I am willing that our ships engaged in
the foreign traffic shall have the same draw-
backs on the material used that foreign Gov-
ernments give theirs, and I put this on as an
amendment, taken from Mr. Lyxcii's bill:
And be it further enacted, That all ship stores and
coal to bo used and consumed by any vessel on its
voyage from any port in the United States to any for-
eign port may, in such quantities and under such
regulations as the Secretary of the Treasury shall
prescribe, be taken in whole packages in bond and
disposed of lor puch purposes free of import and
internal duty and tax.
I am willing to do that for theforeign traffic,
not the coastwise. The coastwise traffic, as I
have said over and over again, is a strict and
rigid monopoly. It needs no more protection
than tlie manufacture of sewing-machines. If
one additional ship can be used profitably to-
morrow it will be built. It needs no drawback,
no bounties. Let it alone. The keeping up of
these four million three hundred thousand tons
of shipping will compel the building of about
four hundred and thirty thousand tons of ship-
ping a year, for the life of a wooden ship is
about ten years, and during those ten years
the repairs of a wooden ship cost as much as
the original outlay. Her fifeis aboutten years,
