1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1419
mission appointed under the act to establish
peace with certain hostile Indian tribes ; which
were referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of Kansas, remonstrating against the rati-
fication of the treaty for the sale of the Kaw
Indian reserve; which "were ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. POMEROY. I have the honor also to
present a petition of citizens of Washington,
numerously signed, praying for the passage
of a law prohibiting the sale of intoxicating
liquors in this District as a beverage. Hoping
that the committee will early report on that
subject, I move that this petition be referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN presented the petition of
Elizabeth Haines, a nurse in the United States
hospital at Keokuk, Iowa, praying that a pen-
sion be granted her for disability contracted in
the United States service and in the line of
duty; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
He also presented three petitions of citizens
of Iowa, praying for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege ; which were ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a large number of
petitions of citizens of Minnesota and of other
western States, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege; which were ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of Henry
R. Bell, of Montgomery county, Texas, pray-
ing the removal of his political disabilities;
which was referred to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. SPENCER presented the petition of
George VV. Bell, of Montgomery county, Ala-
bama, praying the removal of his political dis-
abilities ; which was referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petition of
William KingHeiskell, of Washington county,
Virginia, praying the removal of his political
disabilities; which was referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Virginia, in favor of the removal of
all disabilities incurred by reason of parti-
cipation in the late rebellion from all citizens
of that State; which were referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. OSBORN presented additional papers in
the case of J. D. Greene, of Florida, for pay
as an officer in the United States Army ; which
were referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. CONKLING. I present memorials very
numerously signed by the leading citizens and
business men of Onondaga county, New York,
remonstrating against the renewal in any way
of the income tax. They state that in their
opinion this is the most objectionable of all the
modes of raising public revenue; its prying
and inquisitorial character has justly exposed
it to universal odium ; it offers temptation to
concealment, fraud, and false swearing, while
openness and candor are punished with severe
aud heavy burdens. I move that these memo-
rials be referred to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mi\ CONKLING. I present also the me-
morial of the Cigar-Makers' Union, of the city
of Albany, State of New York, and a like me-
morial from cigar manufacturers, journeymen
cigar-makers, and dealers in cigars, in the State
of New York, relative to the duty on imported
cigars. I move their reference to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLE presented a memorial of citizens
of California, asking for the establishment of
a district court of the United States for the
southern portion of the State of California, or
for the division of that State into two judicial
districts; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. FOWLER presented the memorial of
H. V. Brown, pastor and trustee of the St.
Peter and St. Paul's Catholic church of Chat-
tanooga, Tennessee, praying Congress to au-
thorize the payment at once of the amount
justly due, or to authorize the War Depart-
ment, upon proper investigation, to pay what-
ever amount is due for the appropriation of the
church building to the use and benefit of the
Army of the United States ; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. PATTERSON presented the memorial
of C. Storrs and others, citizens of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, requesting that the legal
number of notaries public be increased to
thirty-five ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia.
franking privilege petitions.
The following petitions for the abolition of
the franking privilege were filed with the Sec-
retary, and ordered to lie on the table:
By the VICE PRESIDENT: A petition
from citizens of Mississippi.
By Mr. WILSON: Two petitions from citi-
zens of Massachusetts.
By Mr. SAWYER: A petition from citizens
of South Carolina.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed a bill
(if. R. No. 1264) making an appropriation to
defray the expenses of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
rollin white veto message.
Mr. FERRY. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to call up the bill (S. No.
273) for the relief of Rollin White, with the
veto message of the President upon that bill.
It was up in the Senate some time ago and
ought to be disposed of.
Sir. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will say to
the Senator from Connecticut that the Senator
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Carpenter,] who had
that matter in charge, is not present, and there-
fore it would not be proper to call it up this
morning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill cannot
be taken up at this time without unanimous
consent, and objection is made.
reports of committees.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom were referred
the memorial of W; W. Potter, coroner of
the District, and the bill (S. No. 79) to fur-
ther define the nature and extent of the duties
and powers of the coroner of the District of
Columbia, and prescribing his fees and the
manner of collecting the same, reported the
bill with an amendment.
Jefferson's papers.
Mr. HOWE. The joint Committee on the
Library, to whom was referred the petition of
the executor of Thomas Jefferson, praying for
the return of certain papers on deposit in the
State Department, have bad the same under
consideration, and have directed me to report
a joint resolution, which I send to the Chair,
and if there be no objection I should like to
have its present consideration.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 135) to return to the executor of
Thomas Jefferson certain private papers, was
read three times, and passed. It proposes to
authorize the Librarian of Congress to return
to the executor of Thomas Jefferson such of
his papers now in the possession of the Gov-
ernment as upon examination shall be deemed
of a private character, reserving such as may
be regarded public in their character; and
report the same to the Committee on the
Library.
expenses of a committee.
The bill (H. R. No. 1264) making appropri-
ations to defray the expenses of witnesses in
an investigation by the Military Committee in
reference to the sale of cadetships was read
twice by its title.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we had better
pass that bill at once. Let it be read.
The Secretary read the bill. It proposes to
appropriate the sum of $3,000, or so much
thereof as may be necessary, to defray the
expenses incurred by the Committee on Military
Affairs in conducting the investigation ordered
by the House of Representatives, February 4,
1870.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This bill being simply
to pay the expenses of a House committee, it
seems to me there is no need of a reference.
By unanimous consent, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
bills introduced.
Mr. SCOTT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
567) for the relief of J. Snowdon & Son;
which was read twice by its title.
Mr. SCOTT. I present this bill without a
knowledge of the merits of the claim, at the
request of the parties interested. I move its
reference to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. McDONALD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 568) for the relief of Thomas P. Edwards;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 569) to provide for the disposition of
useless military reservations ; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 570) in relation to unex-
pended appropriations ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PATTERSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 571) concerning notaries for the Dis-
trict of Columbia; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
cherokee treaty.
Mr. THURMAN submitted the following
resolution ; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President be, and he is hereby,
requested to inform the Senate if any officer of tho
Government has, contrary to the tenth article of the
treaty of July 19, 1866, with the Cherokee nation,
enforced or sought to enforce the payment of taxes
by the Cherokees on products manufactured in the
Cherokee nation and sold within the Indian territory.
post route dill.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move to take up the post
route bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 1007) to establish
certain post roads.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands that this contains no legislation, but
simply names the post routes from place to
place.
Mr. RAMSEY. Nothing but post roads.
There is no other legislation in the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the reading of the bill will be dis-
pensed with, as it is only a list of names. The
question is on the amendments reported by the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
which are of the same character, contaiuingonlj
