1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4251
daction shall not take eifect in the Forty-Second
Congress, but such State Shall have the same num-
ber of llepresentatives in the Forty-Second Con-
gress to which it is by law entitled in the Forty-First
Congress, and any Representative or llepresenta-
tives which any State may have in the Forty-Sec-
ond Congress in excess of the number fixed by snch
apportionment shall be additional to the number
of two hundred and seventy-five herein limited.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope that
amendment will not be agreed to. It will em-
barrass the Stale which I In part represent,
because our elections will take place before the
time iu which these Representatives can be
apportioned. The election, of course, must take
place, and we shall have the same number
elected that now represent the State in the
other House. By this apportionment we must
inevitably lose one member from Vermont;
possibly Rhode Island and other States may be
in the same situation, but I think Vermont may
perhaps be the only State whose representation
will be diminished.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There are a dozen States
in danger.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think it
possible there may be one or two States more
that may be in like circumstances ; and it will
subject all such States to very great inconven-
ience, or it will subject Congress, perhaps, to
greater inconvenience. Forinstance, what will
be done with three Representatives elected
in a State entitled to but two ? If it is to be
remedied by the States they have got to anti-
cipate this, and at much expense call an extra
session of the Legislature. If it is remedied
by Congress, how can it be done except by a
decision as to which of the members-elect shall
be permitted to take their seats?
I do not complain, although I regret it, that
we are losing in my State a Representative in
Congress; but it will be seen that this early
action is entirely unusual; it never has been
the practice since the foundation of the Gov-
ernment to anticipate the results of a census,
for on no previous occasion has this legislation
in relation to an apportionment of members
of the House of Representatives taken place
until two years after the census has been taken;
and the laws passed for apportioning Congress
have always been made to take effect upon the
spring of the third year after the census: that
is. in 1793, in 1803, in 1813, in 1823. in 1833,
and so on through every census that has been
taken from the foundation of the Government.
Therefore it is not an unreasonable thing, 1
suggest, to ask that this clause may be retained
iu°the bill now under consideration.
Air. SUMNER. I wish my friend would be
eood enough to let us know what is the reason
for the proposed change. Why should we not
£0 on now as we have gone on since
since 1803 and 1813, as the Senator indicates
and have the next apportionment made in
eight years, or before the census has been
taken.
I submit that this is rather a grave consider-
ation. It is certainly something not contem-
plated, that we were to take a census for awhile
at the rate of once in ten yea.rs and then to
shorten the time to once in eight years. Be-
sides, Mr. President, the thing cannot be prop-
erly and intelligently adjusted at the present
moment. I do not ask that we shall wait for
three years, but I do ask that we shall wait
another year, until this census has been taken
and we know what we are doing. At the pres-
ent time it is impossible to tell what will be
the representation of any State or what will
be the effect of this bill. We can only guess.
I should hope it would be- the general sense
of the Senate to postpone action upon this
subject until the census has been completed,
so that each Senator may know how'he ought
to vote and what will be the effect of his vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I had
hoped that the Judiciary Committee of the
Senate would have let this bill stand precisely
as the House of Representatives passed it.
The bill was very carefully considered iu the
House. It is a matter that effects their own
privileges and their own members. It is a mat-
ter which I believe, according to custom, has
usually been left to them. It does not affect
the election of a Senator at all, but affects the
election of members of the House. The bill was
very carefully considered, andin the two partic-
ulars in which amendments are proposed, I
think the House bill is bettor than the amend-
ments proposed. The increase from two hun-
dred and seventy-five to three hundred there
seems no occasion for. Three hundred is a
larger and therefore more inconvenient num-
ber. It swells to the extent of about a quar-
ter of a million dollars the annual expenses,
although that is a matter perhaps of minor im-
portance on a great question of representation;
but after all it is a matter to be considered.
When the House themselves, alter debating
since iouo auu mi , —— - .
I should like to call his attention to that point.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suppose it
is to introduce a larger number of Democratic ,
Representatives in the House. I do not know
of any other reason. 1
Mr. SUMNER. Is that the object?
Air. MORRILL, of Vermont. That must
be the result, if not the object. It cannot be
'"llr.'pOMEROY. The Senator from Illinois
stated the object.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. TheSe.iatoi
from Illinois stated another object; and that is
to give a larger representation to the c°l°re
population of the South. It seems to me,
taking the question as it has been presented
heretofore and comparing it with the F°P0S
tion now under consideration, that it ls "tker
a violation of the terms of the Constitution
itself, which provides that the census shall be
taken at every decennial period a?d th®
tionment to follow. Now, how is it ? On eveiy
previous occasion ten years have elapsed after
one apportionment before another one has j
been provided for; butnow so eager nave States ,
become to have their representation increased
that they cawiOt wait, and we must anticipate .
tlie "different numbers, finally fixed upon the
number of two hundred and seventy-five and
so arranged the bill that no State should lose a
member, at least in the next Congress, it seems
to me wiser to take the House bill. I think that
it ought to be passed at this session, mid in
that respect I do not agree with the Senator
fiom Vermont.
There is no doubt that every State has a rig'11
to and is eager to exercise its full political
power. There is no impropriety in it. The
Constitution gives the States their representa-
tion in the House according to their numbers.
The very moment the census is taken, it is
right at the earliest practicable period that
each State should have the power the Con-
stitution gives it; and we know very well that
on a multitude of questions members are gov-
erned by the interests of their constituents.
Take the case that occurred yesterday. Every
member from the New England States voted
to perpetuate for a year or two longer a gross
inequality in the distribution of the circulation
of paper money. So I am told. That is a
matter in which there is universal complaint
in the States that are about to be largely in-
creased in their representation ; it is a matter
that is felt there by every business man. |
In such matters local interests affect vo.es
more or less. It is right that the States when
they increase in population relatively should
have at the earliest possible moment the in-
creased representation resulting thereirom.
The House bill provided for that; but m order
to avoid the inconvenience of requiring the
States to call their Legislatures together to
make a new apportionment, it was provided
that in the next Congress no State should lose
any of its representation, but that the full effect
of this apportionment should only accrue after
the next Congress, so that during the next ses-
sion. under the House bill, each State would
have its present number of Representatives
and as many more as it would be entitled to
under the increase of population ; and in that
respect I think the House bill is better.
The Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Carpen-
ter,] suggests to me that this provision which
is proposed to be stricken out appeared to the
committee to be unconstitutional, inasmuch as
it continued for two years longer an apportion-
ment of representation not recognized by the
Constitution. But I may say, then, that all
the apportionments for the last seventy years,
even since the foundation of the Government,
would be unconstitutional by the same argu-
ment. There is no particular time fixed in
the Constitution when the apportionment shall
take effect in representation ; and from the
very nature of things it is difficult to give it
immediate effect. I do not think there is any
strength in that argument. My own impres-
sion is—I do not wish to contest with the com-
mittee that have reported this bill—that this
is a matter properly to be left to the House of
llepresentatives, as it affects their own mem-
bers. They have agreed upon two hundred
and seventy-five as the proper number of the
House and added such provisions as will create
no inconvenience, giving to the States that have
increased population increased representation,
the additional members to be elected on what
we call a general ticket at-large temporarily. I
for one am disposed to stand by the House bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will sug-
gest, to sustain one view of the Senator from
Ohio, that the idea in this bill that all the
States shall retain their present representation
is no new idea. In the apportionment of 1852
it was provided that California should retain
her then existing representation. In 18G2 it
was provided that there should be representa-
tion on the basis of two hundred and forty-one
members for the House; but it was also voted
to add au additional Representative to Penn-
sylvania, Ohio, Kentucky, Iowa, Minnesota,
Vermont, and Rhode Island ; so that the prop-
osition of the House in that respcct is nothing
now. If it is unconstitutional now, it certainly
was unconstitutional to do what lias been here-
tofore ; and it has often been provided that a
Representative might be added for a moiefcy or
any excess of numbers.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can see no argument—
none has occurred to me—in lavor ot the ben-
ate amendment, except that suggested to me
by the Senator from Wisconsin, and that is an
argument which has beeu met and answered
ever since the foundation of the Government;
because, as the Senator from Vermont yeiy
properly says, the apportionment has usually
not taken effect until the third year after the
census was taken, and the old apportionment
was continued in force until the third year after
the taking of the census, and as to particular
States it has been continued m force at differ-
ent times. Even at I he last decade there was
an increase in the representation of certain
States by supplementary legislation. _
Now, the inconvenience of increasing the
House fiom two hundred and forty members
to two hundred and seventy-five is consider-
able, and that will be more than doubled by
increasing it to three hundred, making a very
cumbersome and troublesome House. _ -the
House of Commons in England, which is the
largest representative body of great importance
that I know of, is composed of six hundred
and forty different members, of whom forty
constitute a quorum, and very rarely m tue
sessions of that House are more than one hun
dred present. Indeed, on many divisions o
the House of Commons there are bu ?
nresent Whenever the number is rcauceu
below forty, which is the coneutouonal qao-
rum, all business must be SUSP®U^® ' m.
Ucllyih.Hc
are generally transacted there m committee.
