1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3307
and their modes of correspondence. I cannot
see any good whatever that will result from
this appropriation. The lmbit of multiplying
the bureaus of the various Departments of the
Government has gone a great way. We have
a bureau for almost everything now in the
national Government. My own opinion is that
it would be better to abolish some of them. It
was expected at the last session of Congress
by an amendment, if I remember correctly,
put on an appropriation bill reducing this
bureau, that it would be gradually abolished
and got rid of. I do not think we ought to
take a backward step. I am a little surprised,
indeed, that the House of Representatives now,
when they are proposing to reduce expenses,
should put back this appropriation to some-
thing like the old standard. I am very glad to
see our Committee on Appropriations confin-
ing themselves to an appropriation to carry
into effect the existing law.
Mr. HAMLIN. I wish t,o make a suggestion
to the Senator from Ohio, and it is one the
force of which must be obvious to him when
he casts his eye around the Senate. I appeal
to him if it ia not better to allow the final
question to be taken in the Senate, and not
call for a division now?
Mr. SHERMAN.' I think that the Senator
from Missouri ought to withdraw his amend-
ment and submit it in the Senate when we
have a full Senate. The action of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations ought to be taken to
be final until reversed.
,Mr. HAMLIN. I do not think it amounts
to a finger's difference which way it is done,
so that we have a full Senate to settle it. My
impression ia that I shall vote with the Senator
from Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. Indeed, I would not take
time to speak on the subjeot now, only that if.
I did not the time would be consumed in some
other way. I hope the Senator from Mis-
souri will withdraw his amendment and sub-
mit it when the Senate is full. Now, there
has been a division, and unlessthe amendment
is withdrawn there is no way except to have
it offered before the Senate.
Mr. WILSON. I think it would be better
to have the vote in a full Senate ; but if that is
not to be I wish simply to say that I assented
to this change that was made in committee;
but since then, from what I have learned in
regard to the matter, I have been led to a dif-
ferent conclusion. 1 think one thing ought to
be taken into consideration as a practical fact.
When we established this bureau we did not
give to it much to do, and we put a gentleman
there who could not have done it if we had
given him anything to do. In fact the affair
was established rather for his benefit, I appre-
hend. At that time we had the Freedmen's
Bureau, which did a great deal for the cause of
education. Now that bureau ends, and we ought
to consider that this bureau has thus some-
thing to do, to encourage education in portions
of the country where it needs encouragement.
It needs nothing ia New England, nothing in
New York, nothing iu the great States of the
West; but in the southern country there cannot
lie auy question that something should be done
to encourage the establishment of Schools and
the education of the people in that section of
country. Therefore 1 shall vote for the propo-
sition made by the Senator from Missouri; but
I think it will be better to move it in a full Sen-
ate, when we can have a full vote, and proceed
now to act upon those portions of the bill that
there will be but little opposition to.
Mr. DRAKE. I was going to suggest, if
the chairman of the Committee on Appropri-
ations has no objection, to just pass over this
portion of the bill until to-morrow, when we
corae into a full Senate, and recur to it then.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have no objec-
tion to that.
Mr. SUMNER. Before that passes away I
wish to make one comment oa a single word
of the Senator from Ohio. The .Senator
said that he hoped we should take no back-
ward step ; and yet his speech and his propo-
sition was a backward step. Sir, there is
nothing that any State or any nation can do
for education that is not for civilization itself;
and now the Senator from Ohio is against
appropriating a paltry sum of $10,000 for
education.
Mr. SHERMAN. No; for two or three
clerks.
Mr. SUMNER. My friend will pardon me,
for education. He is against making this paltry
appropriation for education, and he reminds
us that in his great State $3,000,000 are set
apart for this purpose. Is it not-shameful that
while $3,000,000 are set apart for this purpose
in his great State, so small a sum as is now
proposed is to be set apart by the nation?
Am 1 told that the nation has nothing to do
with this question ? Allow me to reply at once,
it has everything to do with it; it has more to
do with it than the State of Ohio, inasmuch as
in the nation are all the States. Ohio is only
one State; all the States compose the nation;
and the nation is responsible for the civiliza-
tion of all the States. The nation is the pre-
siding genius, not only of Ohio, but of all the
associate States of the Union. Therefore, sir,
should the nation by every means in its power,
by appropriation, by a department, by a bu-
reau, by clerks, by officers, do everything pos-
sible to promote the interests of education.
But the question may be asked, What can it
do? With the sum proposed, unhappily yery
little; too little. But let us not give up doing
even that little. A little in such a cause is
much. If nothing else, information may be
accumulated, statistics may be gathered, facts
may be brought together which can be laid
before those interested in education all over
our own countiy and in foreign lands. That
may be a specific object of the Bureau of Edu-
cation.
Then again, it may supply a general impulse
to education in every State, even in Ohio, with
its $3,000,000 appropriated to that purpose.
Permit me to say the State of Ohio, great as it
is, is not yet above the reach of educational in-
fluences, and I am sure that this bureau, if
properly organized, might be of advantage even
to the great State which my friend represents
with so much ability on this floor. I therefore
adopt the language of my friend when he said,
"Let us take no backward step." I would
increase this appropriation rather thau dimin-
ish it. I wish it were $100,000; ay, sir,
$500,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope this
amendment will be allowed to pass over for
the present, and go on with the rest of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Itisproposed
that this item in the bill, entitled " Bureau of
Education,'' be passed by informally for further
consideration. If there be no objection it will
be passed by.
Mr. SAWYER. In what condition does that
leave the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Missouri?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It leaves that
pending for consideration in the Senate when
the subject shall be again taken up.
Mr. SAWYER. Not decided?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Notdecided.
Is there objection to its being passed over?
The Chair hears none, and the Clerk will con-
tinue the reading of the bill, and the amend-
ments proposed by the Committee on Appro-
priations will be acted on in their order.
The Secretary resumed the reading of the
bill.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was after " 1869," in line eight
hundred and thirty-two, to insert " creating the
office of superintendent of the Interior De-
partment;" so as to make the clause read:
And section seven of the act of April 10,1869, cre-
ating the offioe of superintendent of the Interior
Deportment, is hereby repealed.
The amendment was agreed to.
_ The next amendment was to insert after line
eight hundred and forty-three the following
item:
For rent of building on G street, corner of Ei?hth
street, from the 8th day of May, 1870, until the 1st
day of June, 1871, at an annual rental of not exced-
lng $10,000, to be determined by the Secretary of the
Interior, such sum as may be necessary is hereby
appropriated.
Ths amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the appropria-
tions for the General Land Office, to strike out
in line eight hundred and fifty-seven, "three
assistant messengers" and insert " four assist-
ant messengers, at $720 each;" and in lines
eight hundred and fifty-nine and eight hundred
and sixty, to increase the total amount appro-
priated from $171,720 to $171,800.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the appropria-
tions for the Indian Office, after " messenger,"
in line eight hundred and eighty-six, to insert
"at $720," and in line eight hundred and
eighty-eight to increase the appropriation from
$2,260 to $2,280; so as to make the clause read:
For one messenger, one assistant messenger at $720,
and one laborer; in all, $2,280.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment wu,s in the clause mak-
ing appropriation for the Pension Office, after
" five assistant messengers," iu line eight hun-
dred and ninety-seven, to insert "at $720 each,"
andin lines eight hundred and ninety-nine and
nine hundred to increase the total amount
appropriated from $327,800 to $327,900.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out of
the appropriations for the Patent Office the fol-
lowing item in lines nine hundred and ten and
nine hundred and eleven:
For assistant commissioner, $3,000.
Mr.WILLEY. Unlesstherebesomeinform-
ation in the possession of the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations more than I have
I doubt the expediency of this amendment. I
do not know what the considerations were
which led the committee to propose it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Itis an appro-
priation for a new office.
Mr. W1LLEY. 'I desire to make a statement
to the Senate which I think ought to convince
the chairman of the committee that this new
office proposed ought to be created. Although
it creates a new office yet this appropriation
bill provides for many less officers in the Pat-
ent Office than have been provided for hereto-
fore. Last year, by the acts of 3d of March,
1869, and 10th of May, 1869, the clerical force
of the Patent Office, not including examiners,
and females and laborers, consisted in all of
one hundred and thirty-two persons. Accord-
ing to the provisions of this bill these empioyGs
amount only to one hundred and nineteen,
so that there is a less force employed by the
appropriation in this bill than was by the appro-
priation in the bills of last year of about thir-
teen clerks of various classes. So that in
point of fact, if this additional officer should
be allowed, the expense will be much less for
the discharge of the duties of the Patent Office
this year than it was last year.
Then, in point of fact, there can be no ob-
jection on that ground. The Commissioner
of Patents does not ask the force this year that
he had last year to discharge the duties of that
office; but he does ask that he may have a
gentleman specially set apart to assist him in
the discharge of his peculiar duties, and I beg
to ask the attention of the Senate for a moment
to an extract from a note which I have received
from the Commissioner. He states that the
assistant commissioner is to perform the duties
of the superintendent of the annual report, and
to relieve the Commissioner, " for, as I have
stated in my report, no one man can now per-
form the duties of Commissioner. From May
1 to December, 1869, 1 was not out of my
office but six nights, except during my vacation;
and I usually work eleven hours per day.
