406
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 28,
Senate.
American Commerce—Mr. Chandler.
41st Cong 2d Sess.
and it compels not only the building of four
hundred and thirty thousand tons of shipping a
year to keep up this domestic and coastwise
commerce, But an expenditure during ten years
in repairs for our ship-yards equal to th e original
cost.
Mr. NYE. Does that apply to a steamer ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir: but a sailing
ship costs much less than a steamer, and her
life is the same. The average is ten years,
while the average life of an iron ship is twenty-
one years; that is to say, the life of an iron
ship has not yet been tested. At the German
Lloyds and theFrench Lloyds they give an iron
ship an A1 register for twenty-one yearsr If in
her appearance she is well built, she has an A1
register for twenty-one years, whereas a wooden
ship, I think, has an A1 register for seven years.
At the end of twenty-one years they will ex-
amine her again, and if found in good condition
they will give her an A 1 register for a further
period.
In this revolution to which 1 have alluded
steam and iron have taken the place of wood
.and sails, and that is all there is to it. You
may ask why can we not compete in steam and
iron with the world? Mr. President, for the
best of reasons. While I was abroad last sum-
mer I made this very subject of ship-building
my special study. I went through the ship-
yards upon the Clyde. 1 saw yards there with
i'our or five thousand workmen, where they
brought in the iron in the ore from a distance
of not more than ten or twelve miles; and
on the other side they brought in coal from
not a great distance at one end of the yard,
and turned out three thousand toil ships at the
other; and every single item that went into a
ship wasmanufaetured in that yard. So long
us labor is under one dollar a day in Scotland,
and over two dollars a day in the United States,
we cannot compete on the free ocean in build-
ing iron ships. It is an absolute impossibility;
for it is estimated that live eighths of the.cost
of aship is labor. They can build ships cheaper
than we ean. Hence they have taken posses-
sion of this trade of the world, and now the
question is, what shall we do to get it back?
Suwo of our ship-builders say they can com-
pote if we will give them drawbacks. I am
willing to let them try.
Mr. SHERMAN. ' I am very much inter-
ested in the statement of my honorable friend,
but I would suggest to him that an answer has
been made to the difficulty ho now suggests,
and I should like to have his view upon it. it
is said that the American ship-builders ean
compete so far as labor is concerned, because
(bey use machinery as a substitute for labor,
and in that way they ean compete. 1 should
like to hear the result of his observations on
that point.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am much obliged to
the Senator for making that suggestion. The
thing is exactly the reverse. In those ship-
yards the English have been practicing this
iron ship-building for more than thirty years.
They have failed over and over and over again.
They have built ships that required too much
coal and were too expensive to run. They
have built ships of too small a size, which had
to be taken out of one trade and put into an-
other. But in these thirty years of experi-
menting they have accumulated in those yards
every conceivable piece of machinery known
to the inventive genius of this age.
Air. NYE. Allow me to suggest that Mr.
Roach, in the iron-works at New York, can
cut iron cheaper in New York than they can
ill England with all their machinery.
Mr. CHANDLER. That is possible. They
can make brass clocks cheaper in Connecticut
than anywhere else in the world.
Mr. NYE. They are trying to use his ma- ,
chine on the Clyde.
Mr. CHANDLER. The cutting is a very
small item. The cutting is done by shears by
power, and it has exactly the same relative
proportion to the building of a ship that the
cutting of a coat has to the making of a coat.
I do not say that we cannot make as good
ships as any nation on earth, for we can ; but
there they have every conceivable piece of
machinery, and all the work that machinery
can or will do is there done by machinery.
They will heat a piece of iron to a certain heat,
put it into a mold, and it is pressed to the
exact curve to fit theship. Ten men can ham-
mer that piece of iron in a day into the same
shape ; but it does not take ten minutes to put
it into that mold and fit it to the ship.
There are millions of dollars expended, lying
idle, to be used only in the construction of a
certain class and size of ships—millions of dol-
lars lying idle in those vast ship-yards on the
Clyde. They not only have every conceivable
piece of machinery, but they have their der-
ricks right beside the ship, and lift the piece
of iron and apply it right to the ship, and there is
no use in saying that we have any advantage
over them in machinery, because if we had
attained the least conceivable advantage they
would have forty men across the Atlantic in
forty miuutes, if they could get over in that
time, and steal it from us. We have no advan-
tage.
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me to ask if we
have not an advantage in the quality of our
iron ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, we have an advan-
tage in the quality of our iron. Our iron is
better than any other iron on earth ; but their
iron will last twenty-one years certainly, and
whether it will last fifty or not, no man can
yet tell.
Mr. SUMNER. Ihave been told thatithap-
pens frequently that with their iron the screw
parts in mid-ocean, so that the ship becomes
unmanageable.
Mr. CHANDLER. That is true.
Mr. SUMNER. The screw is made of Eng-
lish iron, and I have been assured that our iron
would not part in that way.
Mr. CHANDLER. That is a question to be
decided by actual tests; no theory can settle it.
Ours is a tougher iron. The tensile strength
our iron will bear is much greater than any
other. Lake Superior iron is the best in the
world ; but of course its tensile strength does
not add to its resisting power. You understand
how these screws arc propelled. Here is a piece
of iron perhaps one hundred feet long reaching
to the engines that turn the screw. The strain
is tremendous. Whether our iron or whether
any iron can be made that will never fail of
course can be decided only by actual trial. We
cannot tell anything about it by theory. But
we haveacertainadvantage, howgreat 1 cannot
say, in the quality of our iron.
But, sir, a three-thousand ton ship that will
cost on the Clyde from sixty to ninety thousand
pounds, that is, from three hundred to four hun-
dred and fifty thousand dollars, will cost in
the United States somewhere from six to eight
hundred thousand dollars, and we cannot help
it. We had before us the other day the oldest
builder of iron ships in the United States, a
gentleman—and a very worthy gentleman, in-
deed—from Wilmington, Delaware. He told
us that he was building iron ships now; " But,"
said he, "wherever I come in competition with
England in the building of a ship, if it is a
ship large enough to cross the Atlantic, I lose
the contract. I have built some ships for
Mexico, some for South America, some for
Chili, but they have all been ships of light ton-
nage, for coastwise and river navigation. They
cannot cross the Atlantic." We had before us
a gentleman largely engaged in the Chinese
trade. He is running his ships under flie
American flag. He said he was willing to pay
twenty per cent, more for American ships for
national pride, but he could not pay a greater
difference.
Mr.^ NYE. As we are listening with great
attention, and desire information on this ques-
tion, I desire to ask the honorable Senator from
Michigan how it is that, taking the ships, for
instance, of the Pacific mail steamship line,
they use on an average per day forty-four tons
of coal, and they make as great a distance on
the average as the screw steamers that us«
eighty or ninety tons a day ? How is that ?
Mr. CHANDLER. It simply is not so ; that
is all. We have had that subject under con-
sideration. Those steamers on the Pacific are
splendid ships.
Mr. NYE. I do not quite like the answer.
Mr. CHANDLER. Ibegpardon. Imeant
no offense.
Mr. NYE. I do not like the answer because
I profess to be as accurately informed on that
subject as the Senator can be. I have the
statistics myself.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will answer the Senator.
Mr. THURMAN. I beg to suggest that the
Senator from Michigan is making a systematic,
studied, and instructive speech, and the best
way is not to interrupt him.
Sir. CHANDLER. It is no interruption. I
am very glad to be asked any question.
TheVICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan will suspend. The morning hour has
expired, and the unfinished District of Colum-
bia business will be taken up.
Mr. THURMAN. I move that it be passed
over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection it will be passed over informally, sub-
ject to a demand for the regular order. The
Senator from Michigan will resume.
Mr. CHANDLER. The ships plying between
San Francisco and Japan are probably the
finest ships on earth. They are ships of five or
six thousand tons burden, and will run further
with a given amount of coal and carry more
freight with a given amount of coal than any
other ocean steamers; but they make a little
more than ten miles an hour, not eleven. If
you force them up to the speed attained on the
Atlantic they would burn more coal than the
screw propellers burn. But there is a minimum
rate of speed at which the ship is run the cheap-
est. For example, take a ship that will run
twelve miles an hour—the Pacific mail steamers
do not make eleven miles quite ; their speed is
between ten and eleven miles, while the fastest
of these iron ships make fifteen on an average—
take a ship that will run twelve miles an hour
on thirty-five tons of coal, which is the amount
I think that these ships burn; to get fifteen
miles an hour it will take seventy-five tons of
coal, the last three miles requiring more coal
per hour than the first twelve. There is an
easy motion of the ship through the water at a
certain speed, which she loses when you in-
creasethatspeedbeyondacertainpoint. Those
ships, as I said before, are the finest in the
world; they are wooden ships, built in New
York, I believe, of five or six thousand tons
burden.
Mr. HAMLIN. Will the Senator allow me
to interrupt him ? I think the Senator wants
to state the case accurately.
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think those ships do not
exceed thirty-five hundred tons.
Mr. NYE. Four thousand, all but one.
Mr. CHANDLER. I wish to be accurate.
I was under the impression that some one stated
the other day that they were five thousand
tons; but say four thousand tons. They ar«
the finest wooden ships that probably were ever
built for sea service, and the most economical
to run that were ever built; but they do not
make the time that it is requisite to make be-
tween this and Great Britain on the Atlantic
to come in competition with these iron screws.
