5196
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
Mr. BBOOKS, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
Mr. MAYNARD. It appears Mr. Booker
was a Union man before the war. Every man
in the South before the war was a Union man
at some one period or another.
Mr. BBOOKS, of Massachusetts. I said
before and during the war ho was a Union man.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is tho committee and is
the gentleman individually satisfied that Mr.
Booker was in point of fact a loyal Union man
during the war, from tho beginning to the end?
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then he ought to have
his seat.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. The com-
mittee are satisfied that from the inception of
the war down to the present time Mr. Booker
has been a Union man. Ho is a Republican
member of the House at the present time. He
was the Republican candidate for attorney
general of Virginia. His politics are all right.
But I suppose, according to the strict tech-
nical construction of the language of the third
section of the fourteenth amendment to the
Constitution of the United States, he may be
considered to come within its provisions. Under
a liberal construction, however, he would not
be included.
Let us see the effect of the strict construct ion
which gentlemen claim. If I found a confed-
erate soldier by the side of the road bleeding to
death, and like a good Samaritan, if I bound up
his wounds and sent him on his way, I should
be considered as having aided the rebellion.
But if, further than that, a man should have
a pistol presented at his head, and should be
told, "Here, go into those trenches and dig,
otherwise your life will bo in danger, you will
be killed;" according to such a construction
of the Constitution of the United Stales as
that, the person who did such an act under
duress would be considered ineligible. But
if we admit the argument of duress in that case,
the difference between it and the present case
is only one in degree, not in kind. Mr. Booker
was just as much under duress in doing what
they say he did, in aiding the confederates, as
he would have done if he had had a pistol held
to bis head and been told to go into the trenches
and dig.
But we come to another point. It is alleged
that Mr. Booker is unable to take tho oath
required by the act of ISO:!. Now 1 wish to
call the attention of the House to the aciion
which it has already taken in this matter. On
the 22d March, 1809, the House adopted a res-
olution that, wherever ineligibility was charged
against a person seeking a seat here in tho
House, the matter should first he considered
by the House. And that has always been our
rule. Well, in the latter part of February,
1870, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. B(kg-
ham] moved that Mr. HcKenzie, of Virginia,
against whom there was just such a charge as
that which we find preferred against Mr. Booker,
should be admitted as a member of this House,
stating that he (Mr. McKenzie) was loyal, and
that the question of his loyalty was the only
thing under consideration.
Mr. ORTH. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts if Mr. Booker has had his
disabilities removed.
Mr. DOX. I will answer the question of the
gentleman from Indiana. He claims that he had
no legal or political disabilities to be removed.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. As I was
saying when interrupted by the question of the
gentleman from Indiana, tho same allegations
were made against thegentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. McKenzie,] and when the question was
brought up by the gentleman from Ohio, [I\lr.
Bingham,] the chairman of the Committee of
Elections, [Mr. Paine,] the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cessna,] and the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Burnt,] all members of
theCommittee of Elections, rose in their places
and objected to action being taken, because they
said that was one of the preliminary things to
be.considered. But what did the House do ?
The House said that the only question was as
to the gentleman's loyalty, and if they believed
he was a loyal man that was all that was neces-
sary ; and on the statement being made by
several members of the House that Mr. McKest-
zie was a loyal man, he was permitted to take
the oath. The next day Mr. Booker presented
himself. The same objection was.made, and the
House, by a yea and nay vote, admitted Mr.
Booker; and we say that by that action of the
House the committee were absolved from tak-
ing action on that second allegation of inabil-
ity to take the oath, the House having taken
that matter wholly out of their hands. I do not
enter into the proof, but I may state that Mr.
Booker claimed that he held tho office under
duress, and also claimed that ho continued to
hold the office in order to keep himself free from
the conscription. Wo find from the recordsof
the same court that in 1SG4 Mr. Booker was
actually conscripted, and that the only way in
which he could relievo himself from taking an
active part iu the rebellion was by pleading his
piivilege of suing out a writ of habeas corpus
and getting released in that way.
Now, Mr. Speaker, these are the main facts
in the ease. The committee are unanimously
of tho belief that Mr. Booker was a loyal man.
We believe that whatever he did having a
different appearance, he did because lie was
compelled to do it. And 1 will say further,
that the evidence discloses this fact, that Mr.
Booker was a man of very moderate means,
and having a wife and several children. What,
then, could he do? He had one of two alter-
natives before him. One was to leave the State
of Virginia, sneaking away in the night aiid
not having any money to transport himself;
and we know tho danger he would have run
if ho had attempted to take himself and his
family from where he lived two or three hun-
dred miles away from tho Federal lines. It
was virtually impossible for him to take his
family away. And ho was accordingly reduced
to the other alternative of remaining in the
position in which the war found him, and where
our Government was powerless to protect him.
Such are briefly the views presented. We
find Mr. Booker here. Wo believe he has
taken tho oath of office honestly, and we do
not believe that with a liberal construction of
tho third article of the fourteenth amendment
ho comes within its provisions. I now yield
ten minutes to the gentleman from Now Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Benton'.]
Mr. 15KNTON. The gentleman who opened
this ease has made a pretty good apology for
the course pursued by Mr. Booker, and il any
excuse which could be offered which would be
deemed sufficient for a gentleman who, instead
of standing by his country, enlisted in the
service of a government in opposition to his
own Government, I think the gentleman from
Massachusetts may have presented it. He
has stated that Mr. Booker was elected a
justice of the peace or county judge in 1856 ;
that he was reelected in 18G0, and that to
qualify him, sir, for the discharge of the duties
of his olliee as justice of the peace, or county
judge, it was necessary for him take an oath
to support the Constitution of the United
States, and that he would faithfully discharge
the duties of his office. Well, he did take that
oath, and it was recorded oSieially, and stands
to-day recorded against him if the records of
his county have been preserved. Notwith-
standing that oath, when the first question was
presented to him and to the people of Virginia
whether the State should secede from the
Union and join the confederacy, Air. Brooker
voted iu 1he affirmative. That was his first
act of "loyalty" to this Government. What
is the excuse made for him? Why, he says
that it would not have been comfortable or
convenient for him to have stood up in tho
face of public sentiment and acted otherwise.
That is about the substance of it.
It would not have been quite safe or conven-
ient for him to have carried out bis own inde-
pendent opinion and stood by his Government
and by the Constitution of the United States,
which he had twice recorded his oath to sup-
port in qualifying himself to discharge the func-
tions of his office. He was a "loyal" man in
voting that the State of Virginia should be
taken out of the Union and should revolt
against the Government of the United States.
Mr. DOX. That was done under duress.
Mr. BENTON. I have so little time that I
beg I may not be interrupted.
Mr. BOOKER. I hope the gentleman will
be allowed to proceed, and that 1 shall have the
privilege of replying to him.
Mr. BENTON. 1 know it is said by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Brooks] in
explaining the course of Mr. Booker that he
acted under duress. Mr. Speaker, did he vote
for the secession of Virginia under duress
when over twenty thousand Virginians voted
against secession, and he lived in the most loyal
portion of the State? Over twenty thousand
men dared to stand up in the face of public
sentiment and declare their opposition to seces-
sion, and there is no question that if the senti-
ment of Virginia could have been expressed
uncontrolled by the infleunces brought to bear
upon her her electors would have voted against
secession, certainly until the war had actually
commenced. But this gentleman manifested his
loyalty by voting that the State should secede
from the Union and violate her obligations to
her own Government, and he forswore himself
and violated his oath the very first test he was
put to. And he is called a loyal man by a Repub-
lican member on this floor who makes the report
of the committee. Throughout the war he filled
the office of justice of the peace, or county
judge. He had occupied the position for four
years before the war, and was in his second
term when the war broke out. When the State
had seceded what position did be assume?
Why, he turned up very conveniently a con-
federate judge, and he was just as good a con-
federate judge as he had been a Union judge.
Now, I understand that by the laws of the con-
federate States he was obliged, on assuming
the functions of his office, to qualify himself
by taking an oath to support the confederate
government. I ask the Clerk to read the sec-
tion which I send up.
Tho Clerk read as follows:
"The senators and representatives before men-
tioned. and the members of the several State Legis-
latures, and alt executive and judicial officers, both
of tho confederate States and of the beveral States,
shall be bound by oath or affirmation to support this
constitution. But no religious test shall ever be re-
quired as a qualification to any office or public trust
under the confederate constitution."
Mr. BENTON. What did Mr. Booker do
in the office of confederate judge? He assisted
in raising money for the purpose of organizing
armies to fight against the Government of the
United States. He, in connection with his
colleagues, voted for that purpose 310,000 the
first time, and at another time $3,000. He
also took part, in appointing agents to look
after the rebel soldiers in the field. He him-
self accepted an agency to go to the confeder-
ate army to look after the soldiers in the field
from his own county, and to furnish them with
supplies and necessaries. He solicited sub-
scriptions for that purpose, and otherwise per-
formed the duties of his office as a confederate
judge of tho confederate State of Virginia
during the whole of the rebellion.
^ Still he says he was a loyal man all the way
along. Now, what are the provisions of our
Constitution to which reference has been made?
Its language is very comprehensive; it de-
clares in very emphatic terms that—
• ' V?''0 person shall be a Senator or Keprescntativc
m Congress, or elect or of Piesideut or Vice Presi-
dent. or hold any office, civil or military, under the
United btates, or under any State, who, having pre-
\ lousty taken an oath as a member of Congress, or
as an officer of the United Slates, or as a member of
any fetatoLesisiature,.or as an executive or judicial
o nicer ot any state, to support the Constitution of tho
United btates, shall have engaged in insurrection or
rebellion agamst tho same, or given aid or comfort to
tho enemies thereof."
