8308
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
Still, ttio work gains upou mo." He states !
that the motion of the Committee of the Whole
of the House to strike out this appropriation
received but few votes, ami ho hopes the
Semite will allow this provision to be retained
which the House hill contains. Any person
at all conversant with the affairs of that office
musi know that the duties of tho Commissioner
are very arduous aud more than ho can dis-
charge properly. If he could have an assist-
ant, who would take from him tho special duty
of superintending the preparation of the annual
report, it would leave him much more time
and leirure to devote to the special duties of
his office, which are very arduous.^
1 think it would be for the benefit of the ser-
vice, for the benefit of the country, to allow
this provisiou iu the House bill to remain, and
to give tho Commissioner of Patents tho assist-
ant that he desire®. The aggregate result of
the force provided for in this bill, as I have
already stated, will then be much less than it
was last year, and I hope that it may meet the
views of the Committee on Appropriations to
allow this.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Allow me to
ask the Senator what particular force does he
understand to be dispensed with ?
Mr. WILLEY. This is in point of fact not
creating a new office, as the Senator from
Maine supposes : but it is substituting an as-
sistant commissioner in place of the superin-
tendent of the annual report. Last year we
had one superintendent of tho annual report
at $L\500: six third-class clerks at $1,600
each: fifty-six second-class clerks nt 31,400
each; fifty-t'oar first-class clerks at $1,200
each; six clerks at $1,000, and nine clerks at
$000, making an aggregate of them clerks of
one hundred and thirty-two, and the aggregate
sum necessary to pay them for their service
wsa $lUy,400. Now this bill provides for one
assistant commissioner in lieu of the superin-
tendent of the annual report at $3,000. It
increases the salary of that officer, but it does
not make an additional officer. It substitutes
tme otlicer instead of another whose duties
shail be a little different.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Does the Sen-
ator understand that the duties of the super-
intendent of the drawings of the annual report
are to be done by this assistant commissioner?
Mr. WILLEY.- I understand he is to have
the superintendence.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What other
duties?
Mr. WILLEY. To assist the Commissioner
as far as he may in any duties assigned to his <
office, to aid him, counsel him, advise him, and
to relieve him of the discharge of his duties as
far as be can.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suppose the
Senator will understand that this superintend-
ent, ig a very recent officer in that Department
Mr-WILLEY. I do.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If be is found
to be a supernumerary it will be a question
simply whether we had better not dispense with
him entirely without providing for the other
officer. He was created, I think, this very last
year, and has not had his office yet a year.
Mr. WILLEY. It is substituting an assistant
as a commissioner in the place of this superin-
tendent. The desire is to get a person with a
little more experience and skill and ability,
so that he may not only discharge the duties
which have heretofore been assigned especially
to the superintendent, but may also aid the
Commissioner himself in the discharge of bis
duties to some extent. The cost of the force,
excluding examiners and femalea and laborers,
last year amounted to $169,400. Giving the
Commissioner the assistant he asks for this
year and the clerks which he asks for, the cost
will be only $163,600; several thousand dol-
lars less than it was last year; and I think it is
hat reasonable that die Commissioner should
be allowed to have the assistance which he
desires ,;-
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to day
oaly one word; for the committee in proposing
to strike this clause out passed no judgment
at all upon tho necessity of the office; but, as
they noticed, it was not estimated for by the
Secretary of that Department: and as it was
the creation of a new office, we felt that it was
our duty to non-concur, to the end that the
subject might be brought to tho attention of
the Senate at any rate. I wish to make a sin-
gle observation, and that is on the constant
tendency to these things iu the service. About
their giving up clerks as a consideration, I do
not presume my honorable friend supposes
there is much in that.
There is, in my judgment, a very great sur-
plus of clerks, or, iu other words, if they were
as efficient as they should be there would be a
very great surplus in the various Departments.
I have no doubt if it could be reformed, if you
could have efficient clerks, you might numer-
ically havo thirty-throe per cent, less; but if
the House of Representatives have discrim-
inated fairly here, the presumption is that they
have dispensed with no more clerical force
than they found consistent with tho demands
of the service. This is simply an exchange of
the superintendent of the drawings. It was
thought by Congress last year necessary to
have a man who should attend to that speciale,
as superintendent of the drawings of the annual
report.
Now, it seems that that particular officer
is uot considered necessary, but that one of a
more general character, one whose business it
shall be to aid the Commissioner in his gen-
eral duties, is to be provided. That may be
right; I am not saying that it is not; 1 have
no judgment on the question; but I think it
my duty to say to the Senate that there is this
constant tendency in all tho Departments to
ask for additional assistance. First it was
thought to be a little extraordinary that you
should have an assistant to a Secretary; but
with the exception of the Secretary of the
Navy all the heads of Departments now have
an assistant, and most of them two, a first and
a second assistant. Now, here is a proposition
to have an assistant to the head of a bureau.
It may be well; that is not for the Committee
on Appropriations to judge; it belongs to the
committees who have charge of these Depart-
ments. Still I feel it my duty to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the subject.
Mr. HAMLIN, My attention having been
called to this claase in the appropriation bill,
I wish to say a very few words in relation to
it. I did not hear all that fell from the chair-
man of the Committee on Patents, and I do
not know precisely what was the entire scope
of his remarks. I desire, however, to say this:
as I understand the matter, when the appro-
priation bill was drawn in the House this por-
tion of it relating to the Patent Office was
drawn after a consultation between the Com-
missioner of Patents and the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations of the House,
and upon that consultation the Commissioner
of Patents consented and agreed to reduce his
force then in the office by thirteen, and to dimin-
ish the expense by fourteen or fifteen thousand
dollars; to do away with the services of the
superintendent of the annnal report; and for
all that there was to be given to him an assistant.
Now, what my colleague says in relation to
the large amount of force in the various De-
partments I think is very true. I concur with
him in opinion ; but I submit to the Senate that
the Patent Office stands upon an entirely dif-
ferent foundation from any of the Departments.
In the progress of the war, when the busi-
ness of all the Departments, perhaps save the
Post Office, was very much increased, there
was a very great necessity for increasing the
force, and in all those Departments the busi-
ness may be, and I doubt not is, daily dimin-
ishing, rendering it not only highly proper but
necessary to diminish the force. But how is it
with the Patent Office 2 The statistics show
you that the business there is increasing in a
wonderful degree. I examined the matter this
morning. The figuros havo escaped my recol-
lection and I dare not state them ; but has uot
the business there doubled within ten years ?
I think it has increased more than that.
Now, sir, with the large number of patents
that are being issued, and with the large num-
ber that are in existence, there must neces-
sarily come agreater number of applications for
extensions, and a greater number of appeals
from the decision of the Commissioner. I say
from my investigation of the matter that, it is a
physical impossibility for the Commissioner
of Patents to discharge all those various duties,
and if you desire that the business in the office
shall be properly discharged you must give
to that Commissioner some additional aid of
a higher order than a clerk, and of a higher
order than a superintendent of au annual
report, who may also be an inspector of draw-
ings. It is a thing which commends itself to the
judgment of every man who will investigate it,
1 say that after the Commissioner was called
to a conference with the committee who framed
the bill, and he upon his part suggested every
point where there might be a curtailment, in
return for which one slight addition was to be
made at another point for tho purpose of ren-
dering the service of the department or bureau,
whatever you may call it, more efficient, and
which is absolutely necessary, it is eminently
unjust to strike that additional person from this
bill. 1 hope the Senate will not do it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment reported by the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, striking out the words
" for assistant commissioner, $3,000."
The question being taken, it was declared
that the noes appeared to have it; and a divis-
ion was called for.
Mr. HAMLIN. Let the question be taken
in the Senate finally.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suggest that
if this provision is to stand it ought to be with
an amendment. This officer will be an officer
of some importance, and I suggest whether ii
would not be better to add tho words " by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate."
Mr. HAMLIN. I think my colleague is
precisely right. I had a conference with him
and I made the same suggestion. I think he
is right, but that can be done in the Senate.
It is doubtful whether there is a quorum here.
Let it be passed over now, and the chairman
can prepare the proper amendment to attach
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Very well j
then we will not divide the Senate on that. I
shall propose that amendment at any rate,
Mr. HAMLIN. I will agree to that amend-
ment when it shall be prepared.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On agreeing
to this amendment the Chair expressed the
opinion on a viva voce vote that the noes had
it. Is a division called for?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will divide in
the Senate On the question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is disagreed to. The reading of the bill
will proceed.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was to strike out of the appro-
priations for the Patent Office the following
item in lines nine hundred and thirty-one and
nine hundred and thirty-two, "For one super-
intendent (female) of female copying division,
$1 400."
Mr. WILLEY. I desire to submit to the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
whether, if they are to have a corps of fifty
female copyists, the superintendent of that
division of work ought not to be a female offi-
cer? It is not a matter very material to the
service, but I suggest it as a question of pro-
priety and convenience.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This is creating
an office again, and it rune through the bill.
The committee came to the conclusion that
