4252
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
of which forty constitute a quorum ; and it is
only in the great divisions, where important
constitutional questions are involved, that a
vote of three or four hundred is ever had.
"Very often, indeed, a division even on what
we consider very important questions shows a
less number voting than is usual in our House
of Representatives.
"I'think, therefore, there is a good argument,
not-only on account of the expenses of Con-
gress, which by this bill would be increased
about twp hundred and fifty thousand dollars
a year, but also on thescore of inconvenience.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, the diffi-
culty about this amendment which is now
under Consideration is a constitutional one.
If the law-making power think it right to over-
turn the habit and practice of the Government
from the beginning, and only have this last
decade (to use an Irishism) be eight years
instead of ten in the formation of the Con-
gresses, I should be very glad, as a citizen of
Vermont, to have Vermont, if she could con-
stitutionally, hold her three Representatives
through the next Congress; but I felt obliged
to believe that the bill, as it was framed, in that
respect was plainly against the Constitution;
not as the Senator from Ohio supposes, merely
because we continue a representation on the
basis of the census of 18G0 for a year after the
census of 1870 is taken, but because on the
face of your law, taking it altogether, you do
apportion a part of the Congress upon one
number of inhabitants, upon one census, and
another part of the same Congress upon an
old census that has expired.
Nobody ever questioned the constitutionality
of Congress first finding out the number of
inhabitants, as it has done ever since the
foundation of the Government, once in ten
years; and then, when it had found it out, the
Congress to which it was reported would pro-
vide that the next Congress should be composed
npon the new basis of representation. That
is not treading upon the Constitution, because
it is acting then as soon as it conveniently, and
indeed as soon as it possibly can, after the law-
making power has learned what the number of
inhabitants in each State is ; and this difficulty
now is only produced by the fact that Congress
proposes to surrender to an executive officer to
determine finally how the House of Repre-
sentatives shall be composed, withoutany report
to the House themselves to have them determ-
ine whether that composition is correct as
between the several States or not. That opens
a consideration of merits that 1 do not want to
go into now; a very serious one, not between
States who may happen to lose, as Vermont,
but between all the States ; those who increase
and those who do not.
I shall ask the Senate before I sit down to
let this bill lie over until Monday, for the
reason that I am not prepared to go into the
discussion now as I should wisjli to do to eluci-
date the subject from my point of view. But
on the particular point we have now under
consideration, although a Senator from a Stale
that, would lose by striking out this clause, I
felt constrained to say that I could not con-
scientiously vote for a bill that provided one
part of a Congress to be composed upon one
census and another part of the same Congress
to be composed upon another census, as it
appeared to me, in the face and eyes of the Con-
stitution.
Now, Mr. President, I have to ask of the
Senate, if it, is not disagreeable to. the-body, to
postpone this bill, as it has come up somewhat
earlier than [ supposed it would, and as the
Senator from New York [Mr. Conklixg] who
is not tiowpresent and myself were the only
members of the committee from the eastern
States who have some interest, in this matter,
and have views that we desire to present.
I have been studying the subject somewhat,
and gathering together some information that
I hope will prove interesting; but I am not
prepared to go on with this discussion at this
time.
Mr. THURMAN. Will my friend allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. EDMONDS. Certainly.
Mr. THURMAN. I see the difficulty which
the Senator from Vermont has just mentioned,
and I do not see how it is- possible for us to
have a representation in the same Congress
based partly on one census and partly on an-
other; but tliere is a practical difficulty that it
does not seem to me will be met by simply
striking out these words. Suppose the num-
ber of Representatives of any State shall be
reduced by this apportionment, that will make
it necessary to redistrict that State; and will
there be time to assemble the Legislature and
redistrict the State in pursuance of this statute?
Mr. EDMUNDS. That presents another
question. We shall not be justified in violat-
ing the Constitution, however inconvenient it
may be to the States. My friend will agree to
that, I am sure.
Mr. THURMAN. Of course, if it is uncon-
stitutional, we should vote it downand it does
seem to me very unconstitutional to have a
representation based in part upon one census
and in part upon another in the same Con-
gress. That seems to me plainly unconstitu-
tional-; it does not admit of any argument at
all. But if that clause be stricken out, what I
wish to suggest is, as I was not in committee
when the bill was considered there, whether
there is anything in the bill to meet the case I
suppose, of the reduction of the number of
Representatives of a State and no opportunity
to assemble the State Legislature.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is perfectly true,
and that is a difficulty which will have to be
met and considered when we reach that point.
But the point now is whether we can retain
this provision which, to my mind, although it
is for the interest of my people to retain it if
this bill is to pass, is plainly in the face of the
Constitution. What 1 was about to say was to
suggest to the Senate that I was not ready to
go on-with this discussion; and the measure is
one of such importance to all sections of the
country that £ am sure Senators will be glad
to have it elucidated as much as is possible.
1 was in hopes that the Senate would be willing
to lot the bill bo passed over, which would keep
it at the head of the Calendar until Monday
next, when I shall be ready, I hope, to go on
and stick to it until it is finished.
I know it is a subject of great interest to the
South and to the West, and it ought to be con-
sidered in a fair spirit by all parts of the coun-
try; all the difficulties about it ought to be
looked at, and we should do what shall finally
seem to be right. I ask that inasmuch as I am
not ready, and my colleague on the committee
from the State of New York, the only other
eastern member on the committee, is neces-
sarily absent, that the Senate may consent as a
matter of courtesy, as far as they may be will
ing to show it to me, to let this bill be passed
over, which will keep it at the head of the Cal-
endar, and let us be ready to go on with it on
Monday, and we can then pioceed with it and
finish it. I hope my friend from Illinois will
not object to that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President 
^ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Vermont make a motion?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will not move to pass
over the bill now, because then my friend from
Illinois would not be able to express his assent
or dissent. I merely suggest it to him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Individually and person-
ally I should certainly be very glad to accom-
modate my friend from Vermont; indeed, he
spoke to me before the bill came up; but I
have been pressed by members of the other
House and by members of this body to try
and get this bili up. It is urged that it was
very important, in view of the next elections,
that we should know whether the Forty-Second
Congress is to be elected on the census of 1860
or the census of 1870, and this bill has been two
months before the Senate nearly. It was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary on
the 19th'of April. It was reported back to
this body on the 2oth of May, after being con-
sidered in committee; and I have been strug-
gling, as every one in the Senate knows, to get
it up ever since. It is exceedingly unpleasant
to me personally not to be able to agree to have
the matter go over until next week ; but I will
leave it to the Senate to determine whether this
bill shall be postponed, which has been here so
long and which there is so much urgency about.
I am afraid if it goes over to Monday we may
have a difficulty in disposing of it then. We
may strike appropriation bills and the bills of
the Senator from Michigan 
Mr. EDMUNDS. You can go on with other
bills now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I know wo can go on
with other bills now ; but the experience of
the Senate will satisfy every one here as to
the great difficulty there is in having matters
considered : and I am sorry that ray friend
from Vermont, who has had this subject before
him so long, should feel the necessity of asking
to have it put off. While I cannot consent to
the postponement, I will leave it to the Seri-
ate, if he. makes the motion, to determine what
they may think best in regard to so important
a matter, and a matter about which there is so
much pressure.
While I am on my feet I wish to say one word
in reply to a question asked by the Senator
from Ohio. He certainly did not listen to my
remarks 
Mr. SH15IIMAN. I was not in.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The other Senator from
Ohio I allude to.
Mr. THURMAN. I was not in when the
Senator from Illinois spoke.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 commented on the
very question the Senator from Ohio asked in
regaid to the diminution of representation from
any State, and stated thatoneof the reasons—I
gave others—for striking out " two hundred
and seveut.y-live" and inserting " three hun-
dred,-' was to provide a House which would
not lead to a reduction in any State. The
number of inhabitants that are now required
to elect a member to the House o(' Represent-
atives is about one hundred and twenty seven
thousand. I think the number that would be
required, with a House of three hundred, on
the census of 1870, as nearly as it can be esti-
mated, will be one hundred and thirty-three
thousand, only six thousand difference, which
would not occasion the loss of a member to
any State; and that would avoid the sugges-
tion of the Senator from Ohio. I commented
upon that matter before; but if the Senator
still wants to provide against a possibility, we
can put in the law a provision that incase a
diminution takes place in any State, then all
the members to be elected from that State
shall bo elected by general ticket; and that
will avoid any convening ot the Legislature.
In that way we can do just, as we do in refer-
ence to the additional members; but I com-
mented upon all that before.
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sum-
neii] also asked a question, why this bill should
be pressed now ? 1 do not wish to go over the
statements I maueaseeoud time ; IjutSenators
seem to have paid no attention. I stated that
by the second clause of the fourteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution we are required to
apportion representation according to the eniire
population of the country, and not according
to three fifths of four millions of it. Here are
sixteen hundred thousand people never before
represented that have a constitutional riglit to
he represented in the House of Representa-
tives. i'wo fifths of four million people ha*e
been added to the representative population
of the country by an amendment to the Con-
stitution proclaimed in 18G8.
