1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3309
tliere was no (special reason for it. It is sim-
ple towleeton? of the female copyists and give
her an additional compensation in this way.
Mr. PRAKK. I will inquire of the chairman
of the committee whether he has ever been in
the room of these female copyists in the patent
department and become acquainted with the
ladv superintendent there?
Mr. .MORRILL, of Maine. I have not the
honor of aay particular acquaintance with her.
Mr. DRAKE. I presume if the chairman
had been there, and become acquainted with
her, and seen the duties that she performs, the
Committeeon Appropriations would not prob-
ablr have offered this amendment.
,\Ir. MORRILL, of Maine. Very likely I
might have been influenced as my honorable
friend appears to have been. [Laughter.]
Mr. DRAKE. She is a lady of very remark-
able, energetic, and business-like character,
who renders better service there than many
clerks who get $1,000 and $1,800 a year. I
have been there.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. While chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations,
whose duty is not to raise salaries, probably 1
had better not be subjected to that influence.
[Laughter.]
Mr. DRAKE. I think the public interest
would be subserved by overrating the amend-
ment of the committee, and leaving a lady there
to superintend those fifty female copyists.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This is justone
of those very convenient sort of arrangements
by which very worthy ladies and very worthy
people get a comfortable sort of promotion,
it is very difficult indeed to object to them;
bat it is   discrimination that is not founded,
as I believe, in any substantial reason. It is
Tery disagreeable to object to such a proposi-
tion ; but if the service is not limited some-
where and bounded somewhere your appro-
priation bills will be filled with all sorts of
projects for the raising of salaries, having no
other foundation than the kindly feeling of
some gentleman toward some very good per-
son. without much regard to the public service.
I ought to have stated before that similar
propositions run all through this bill. The
committee in every instance that has come to
their notice have endeavored to strike them
ont. If it should be the pleasure of the Sen-
ate to increase the salaries of the employes,
that is one thing: or if it should be the pleas-
ure of the Senate to adopt the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Oregon, [Mr.
Williams,] Mhich is to increase the salaries
of certain heads of bureaus, then a proposi-
tion of this sort might come up: but if it
should be the pleasnre of the Senate to adopt
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] which is to put all
the female clerks into classes of clerkships,
then of course my honorable friend from West
Virginia would accomplish his purpose with-
cot this special legislation. I hope, therefore,
friend will not at this time press his objec-
tion.
Mr. WILLEY. I do not wish to press the
objection particularly; but Still I desire that
the Senate shall have a correct nnderstanding
of what are the facts in the case. The Sen-
ator from Maine appeals to the Senate against
the practice of making provision for friends,
and so forth 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No ; I do not
mean that.
Mr. WILLEY. Thereby increasing the nam -
bers in the service and the expenses of it.
«ow, what are the facts in that respect here?
Last year the number of female copyists and
f). ^.was.fifty-three. Now, the provision in .
this bill, instead of making places for addi- i
tional persons, in point of fact diminishes the
'lumber by one. It is true there is a provision : j
i°ne ^ema'e superintendent at a salary of J j
51,400; but the bill only provides for fifty-one
emale copyists besides, so that, including the ! j
e®ale superintendent, if this provision shall be ii
retained, there will be fifty-two female copyists
or clerks in this department this year instead
of fifty-three last year, and one of them will get
$1,400,being the superintendent ofthe rest. 'Iho
expenses will be to some extent reduced if the
provision as the House proposed it should be
retained, and there will not be an increase, so
that no additional place will be made for any
person whatsoever. The relation of this lady
to the other clerks will be changed. The pro-
priety of having a female superintendent of a
great body of female copyists seems to me to
be most obvious; and when it neither increases
the number nor increases the expense of the
service, and most obviously contributes to the
propriety of the service, as it seems to me, I
think the provision had better remain as the
House passed the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will state to the Sen-
ator from West Virginia that this whole sub-
ject will come up on an amendment of which
I have given notice, and which is printed and
on our tables, providingthat all the females who
are employed in the various Departments of
the Government shall be classified and receive
the same pay in the classes to which they are
assigned as is paid to males. Then a clerk who
is at the head of a division will be a second-olass
clerk and receive $1,400, no matter whether it
ia a man or a woman. If that amendment
should prevail, as I hope it will, then all female
clerks will be placed on the same footing in
regard to compensation as males. The clerks
who are at the head of divisions in any of the
Departments now are usually either second or
third class clerks, and if second-class clerka
they get $1,400, the same that is to be given
to the superintendent of the copying division.
Undoobtedly if that amendment should pre-
vail, as I hope it will, it will provide for all
these cases. I would rather test the question
upon the general amendment than in reference
to one individual. It does not seem to me that
there is much propriety in paying one single
female clerk $1,400 and no other one a like
sum who in ay be performing similar service.
I hope the Senate will consent to amend this
bill so as to place all the female clerks upon
the same footing as males.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike outlines
nine hundred and thirty-three and nine hun-
dred and thirty-fonr in the words, "for fifty
female copyists, at $900 each, $45,000," and in
lieu thereof to insert, "for fifty-one female
copyists, at $900 each, $45,900."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out lines
nine hundred and sixty-two, nine hundred and
•sixty-three, and nine hundred and sixty-four,
being the last item under the head of " United
States Patent Office," in the following words:
For expenses of reeeivinc, arraasisg, and taking
care of copyrights, books, charts, and other copyright
matter, $2,000.
Mr. WILLEY. There is a bill which has
been passed by the House of Representatives,
and is now before the Committee , on Patents,
transferring this matter to the Library., Whether
it will pass the Senate or not is more than 1
can now tell. If it should not pass the Senate
as passed by the House of Representatives, and
the duty should remain in the Patent Office
which has heretofore been performed by that
office, it will then require some person to take
charge of the duty and perform it. I under-
stand that there was no provision made for
this service last year, and I am informed by
the Commissioner that it was an oversight of
Mr. Fessenden, who then had charge of the
Committee on Appropriations, and was simply
omitted by inadvertence, and would have been
provided for if it had been thought of. Under
these circumstances I do not know what it is
best for the Senate to do, whether to make
provision for the service by providing the sal-
ary for a clerk, or to allow the amendment to
pass as reported by the Committee on Appro-
priations here. If it should turn ont to be the
case that the Senate fail to pass the bill now
before the Committee on Patents, transferring
these duties to the Librarian of Congress, then
here will be a duty to be performed in the Pat-
ent Office for which no provision htvs been
made; or at least the duty will have to be as-
signed to some other clerk than the speoinl
clerk who has heretofore performed that ser-
vice. The matter is not material to me; T
merely mention these facts that the Senate
may vote advisedly. This service has been
provided for np to last year, and the omission
last year was made inadvertently by the chair-
man of the committee, whose attention hap-
pened not to be directed to the snbiect at that
time.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was to insert after line ten hun-
dred and eleven the following item:
For compensation of tho surveyor general of the
Territory of Wyoming, $3,000, and tho clerks in his
office, $4,000.
Mr. CORBETT. I think the Senator from
Missouri [Mr. Schurz] spoke of the item in
lines ten hundred and three to ten hundred and
eleven. I think he wished to be here when it
was considered.
Mn MORRILL, of Maine. I understand
he desires to move an amendment, but he can
do it in the Senate just as well after the bill
shall be reported.
Mr. CORBETT. I should like it to be passed
over.
Me. POMEROY. I notice that the commit-
tee have not reported the amendment in ref-
erence to theexpensesof the surveyor general's
office in the State of Kansas, which was rec-
ommended by the Secretary of the Interior. I
suppose they expected that the Committee on
Public Lands would move that amendment at
the proper time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will say to the
Senator that I have notice of several amend-
ments which the Committee on Appropriations
were not infprmed of until the bill had been
reported to the Senate. I have noted them,
and after the amendments that are reported by
the committee are gone through with I intend
to call the attention of the Senato to them.
Mr. PO'MEROY. The only amendment I
would suggest is that some additional clerk
hire ii? necessary in the surveyor general's
office on account of a fire that burnt up one
of our district offices. The fire burnt up the
records, and they have to be duplicated. It
is only a small additional item which the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office recom-
mended. I will not move it now, but will wait
until we get through the reading of the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was in the clause appropriating
for the compensation of the officers and em-
ployes of the Department of Agriculture, to
strike out in lines ten hundred and thirty-one
and ten hundred and thirty-two "three female
copyists, at $900 each," and insert "four
copyists, at $1,000 eachand in lines ten hun-
dred and thirty-eight and ten hundred and
thirty-nine to increase the total appropriation
from $07,880 to $72,170.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the appropria-
tions for the Department of Agriculture, to
strike out line ten hundred and sixty in the
words " for keep of horse, $400," and in lieu
thereof to insert "for keep ofhorses, $1,500."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line ten hun-
dred and sixty-one, to increase the appropri-
ation for " new furniture" from $200 to $1,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line ten hun-
dred and seventy-three, to mcrease the appro-
