1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2365
The Legislature itself voluntarily renouncing
the advantage of geographical position except in par-
ticipation with the other States of the Union con-
fidently expected aid trom the nation at large, and
passed an act causing an accurate survey to be
made for the most eligible and direct route for a
canal to open a communication between the tide-
water ot the Hudsonriver andLakeErie, to the end
that Congress may bo enabled to appropriate such
sums as may be necessary for the accomplishment
of that great national object.'
mi' t'le ^ tii °f April, 1841, a far tiler act was passed,
ihe comprehensive objects expressed in itspreamble
were, by means of a canal navigation between the
great lakes and the Hudson river to' encourage agri-
culture, promote commerce and manufactures, and
a *re0 and general intercourse between the
different parts of the United States, tending to the
aggrandizement of and prosperity of the country,
and to consolidate and strengthen the Union/
"Clinton, Morris, Eulton, and others were ap-
pointed commissioners for the consideration of all
matters relating to the proposed inland navigation,
they were empowered to make application in behalf
of the State to the Congress of the United States or
to the Legislature of State to the cooperate in the
undertaking. It was not believed that aworkso uni-
versal in its benefits would be left to tho isolated
effort of a single.State.
"During the Presidency of James Madison the
commissioners thus delegated proceeded to Wash-
ington and presented the application to Congress.
The President made their proposals the subject of a
special message, dated December 3,1811, recommend-
ing_ the proposed undertaking for its national as well
as its military objects, and suggesting the adoption
of wnatever steps might be necessary to insure its
accomplishment. At the request of Albert Gallatin,
then Secretary of the Treasury, Clinton, Morris, and
Fulton drew a bill in effect appropriating $8,000,000
ior the work, and embodying the memorable words:
On condition, nevertheless, that no tax, toll, or im-
post shall be levied upon the passage of boats through
the said eanal other than such as may be needtul
to pay the annual expenses of superintending and
keeping it in repair.'
"The bill, together with the special message of the
President, was referred to a large committee, and was
favorably received. Gallatin, the Secretary of the
Treasury, in answer to a letter from the committee
asking his opinion of the undertaking, urged their
favorable action upon considerations of the wisest
statesmanship and purest patriotism; butas expect-
ation, verified by subsequent events, was held that
a rupture with Great Britain was impending, Con-
gress finally declined to make the appropriation at
that time, on the ground that 'the resources of the
country might bo required to support a war.'
" There is no withdrawal trom tho original doctrine
of the State that the canal should be considered as
a trust from which the State should receive back
simply what it advanced for construction and main-
tenance and employ the surplus for the improve-
ment of the work and cheapening tho service it ren-
ders to the public. Such were the views held at the
constitutional convention of the State in 1867, when
the principles enunciated in 1846 by its master spirit,
Michael Hoffman, were quoted, reiterated, and ap-
proved by the leading men on all sides. He said:
" "The right of way is the rightot the million. The
sovereign holds it in trust, and can exercise it only
for their benefit, and has no right to make a revenue
out of it. Such a course mast engender tho worst
oppression and the worst corruptions and soon real-
ize the first view of the worst Governments, taxation
on all wo consume, which will allow nothing to go to
or from tho markets without tribute to tho State.'"
What the Erie canal was originally designed
to be in creation and ownership, and what it
actually has been in use, influence, and incal-
culable profit, I ask now that-it shall be justly
made by your recognition and your perfecting
aid, a national highway of commerce, to be
dealt with as an inseparable part of the great
system of water communication which opens
the vast productive interior of this continent to
the Atlantic ocean and to the markets of the
world. I do not ask this, however; I do not
claim it upon the strength of what the Erie
canal has been to the nation and what it has
wrought in the national development hitherto,
but I adhere strictly to the business rule which
I have laid down with reference to the pro-
posed transaction, and I urge the granting of
national aid to enlarge the capacity and in-
crease the usefulness of the Brie canal as au
investment of money by the people of the
United States that will pay, not only in the
liquidation of a past debt, but in the produc-
tion of a return of future profit to every one
of them.
the existing situation.
The situation is this: tho Erie canal as
originally completed in 1825, at a cost to the
State of New York exceeding $7,000,000, was
a barely navigable channel four feet in depth
and forty feet wide at the surface, passing boats
of about forty tons burden. Even with those
limited dimensions it initiated that amazing
development of the resources of the West and
Northwest which we have seen depicted. But
ten years sufficed to show that it was inadequate
to satisfy the requirements of the commerce
which itself was creating. In 1835 the State
undertook a work of enlargement and exten-
sion, which was prosecuted thenceforward, with
some interruptions, for more than twenty-five
years, at a cost more than double that of the
original canal, and which has given us now a
magnificent channel, seven feet in depth of
water, witha width of seventyfeetat the surface
and fifty-two feet at the bottom of the prism.
This canal is capable of floating boats that will
carry a burden of six hundred tons, which is
about the average magnitude of vessels engaged
in the coasting trade of the sea-board and the
carrying trade of the lakes. But the locks of
the canal have not yet been enlarged to corre-
spond with the di mensions of its prism, and, as
a consequence, little more than one third of
the floating capacity of the canal is utilized.'
Instead of the boats of six hundred tons bur-
den, propelled by steam, which might pass
from Lake Erie to the Hudson, the largest
boats employed do not exceed two hundred
and twenty tons burden, and these are sub-
jected to difficulties and delays that give an
advantage to smaller competitors. The aver-
age tonnage of boats navigating the canal, ac-
cordingly, is not more than one hundred and
eighty tons, and steam cannot be profitably
introduced because its machinery takes up too
large a proportion of the carrying capacity of
these limited vessels.
the cheapening op transportation by enlarge-
ment.
Now the difference between the carrying
capacity of the boats which navigate the canal
at present aad those threefold greater in dimen-
sions which might navigate it with enlarged
locks is one involving a very great difference
in the cost of carriage, and it is therefore of
vast importance to every producer arid every
consumer of the commodities traversing the
eanal. The question with regard to this en-
largement, as you will readily see, is not a ques-
tion touching the absolute capacity of the Erie
canal to accommodate the existing commerce,
but it is a question concerning the cheapness
and celerity of transportation, two elements
that take precedence of every other in modern
commercial calculations. The cost of moving
a boat laden with six hundred tons of wheat,
corn, or flour from Lake Erie to New York
will not much exceed that of moving a boat
laden with two hundred tons, while in one case
that cost will be divided among three times the
number of bushels to which it must be charged
in the other.
According to a careful estimate made three
years ago by Mr. Goodsell, the State engineer,
then in charge of the New York canals, the
cost of transportation would be reduced from
to lfifc mills per ton per mile, or very
nearly one half—assuming no change from the
present mode of propulsion by towing with
horses—if a single tier of enlarged locks was
constructed throughout the length of the Erie
and Oswego canals, two hundred and twenty
feet long between the gates and with twenty-
six feet width of chambers. The same experi-
enced and competent authority affirms that
there can be no doubt of the profitable intro-
duction of steam in the navigation of the canal
when boats of the larger size are employed,
thus bringing a new cheapening element into
canal transportation as well as a quickening
one. With steam for the propelling power a
speed of three and a half to four miles per hour
is a moderate anticipation, and this will reduce
the time of a trip between Buffalo and New
York to six days, a transportation from the
interior to the commercial metropolis more
expeditious than can be attained by any other
possible water route.
Mr. Walker, than whom no one is more
thoroughly informed upon the subject, makes
the following computation of the reduction
which can be made in the cost of transporta-
tion from Chicago to New York through an
enlarged canal, with an accompanying diminu-
tion of State tolls:
Freights,
Lake freights 
Canal freights 
Transfer charges..
State tolls 
Total..
Present rates.
Prospective.
Wheat.
Corn.
Wheat.
Corn.
Ton.
$2 38
3 15
2 01
2 07
Ton.
$2 m
2 91
2 04,
1 73
Ton.
82 38
1 78
75
69
Ton.
$2 38
1 65
75
69
$9 64 |
$9 06
$o 62
$5 47
These reductions would equal a saving of
$15,000,000_per annum on the present move-
ment of grain eastward by the water routes,
and with transportation so cheapened the
canals of New York can have nothing to fear
from competition of any other routes.
Mr. LAVVRENCE. I have been very much
interested in the remarks of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Bennett.] But I would
like to inquire if we are not interested in hav-
ing two rival and competing water routes; one
from the cities along our great western lakes
through the Erie canal to the city of New York,
and another by way of the St. Lawrence river?
I hold in my hand a statement prepared by
Charles Randolph, esq., secretary of the Board
of Trade of Toledo, Ohio, in which he gives
his view of the value of the St. Lawrence route
as compared with the route by the Erie canal.
In that statement he shows, if his figures are
correct, that the St. Lawrence route is the
cheapest. I will read it if the gentleman will
permit me to do so.
Mr. BENNETT. Yery well.
Mr. LAWRENCE. It is as follows :
"The following is a statement of the comparative
cost of the transportation ot a bushel of wheat from
Tolodo, on Lake Erie, to Liverpool by way ofthe Buf-
falo and Erie canal, and from Toledo to the samo
point by way of the Welland canal, Montreal, and
the St. Lawrence:
Oents.
Toledo to Buffalo  4
Ifapenses at Buffalo 2
Tolls on Erie canal ...14
Ocean freights. New York to Liverpool 26i
Total i$i
Toledo to Kingston 7i
Kingston to Montreal  5
Montreal to Liverpool   30
Total 42i
" Calling the insurance and transferring to ship tho
same in New York as in Montreal, it is evident that
Montreal has an advantage over the New York route
of 4 cents per bushel of wheat to Liverpool. Mr. C.
A. King, of Toledo, in his address before the Koehes-
ter convention of commercial men, during the last
year, estimated that this saving of 4 cents per bushel
in the cost of transportation through Canada was
equivalent, on the area of lands cultivated and
tributary to Toledo, to an annual total of $6,800,000."
In other words, his statement shows a dif
ference of 4 cents per bushel in the cost of
carrying wheat from Toledo to Liverpool be-
tween these two routes. Now, suppose that by
treaty with Canada we secure provision for the
enlargement of the Welland canal and the
other canals on the route to the sea to a suffi-
cient capacity to permit the passage of vessels
of 1,000 tons burden, would not that route
then furnish the means of carrying wheat and
other products of the regions in the neighbor-
hood of the great lakes to foreign markets at
considerably less cost than by the Erie-canal
route? And would not such enlargement of
those canals give to every city along' our great
lakes nearly all the advantages now possessed
by our sea-board cities?
Mr. BENNETT. The gentleman asks if we
should not have rival and competing water
routes. I will say to him that we already have
three rival water routes. There is the Erie
canal, there is the Welland and St. Lawrence
route, with a capacity for vessels of 600 tons
burden, and then there is the Mississippi river
route.
