1422
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February -19,
their servants in the discharge of their high offi-
cial duties; they are oar masters, and whether
we recognize among them friends or foes, we
must be sensible of the fact that an excusable
vanity on oar part is gratified by their presence.
We receive for oar services an amount for pay
which enables us to procure more than the
mere naked comforts of life; and when our
daily work is finished, we leave this grand edi-
tice, with its gorgeous frescoes, gilded arches,
and historical paintings, often under the glow-
ing happiness of ambition gratified, and nave
heapy tires and comfortable homes to gladden
tlie hours of our official leisure. True, we have
our shadows with our lights, oar clouds with
our sunshine: but does the honorable Senator
wish me to contrast the picture with the homo
of poverty and the abode of the poor laborer?
Does he wish me to compare our occupation
here with the toil of the workingman, who suf-
fers the biting hlast of winter and alike endures
the raging heat of the summer sun, who has no
vacation indulgences at the sea-side or else-
where, but who must toil wearily from day to
day without surcease, receiving therefor suffi-
cient only to barely sustain the lives of himself,
his wife, and little ones; whose Christmas tree
is not illumined with many lights of parti-col-
ored tapers nor yet loaded down with gifts.^
And yet the honorable Senator seems unwill-
ing to allow this class the poor privilege of an
abatement of two hours daily toil, whereby that
time may be devoted to bodily rest and the pur-
suit of such intelligence and instruction as may
prove useful to himself and necessary to his
family, insisting that such reduction is demoral-
izing not only to the workingman, but to the
principles that regulate and control labor. He
asserts that frivolity will dominate over frugal-
ity, and idleness and vice will he reenforcea in
all their attributes, should we continue the priv-
ileges of this bill. Why, Mr. President, it is too
apparent that vice, idleness, and frivolity do not
have their abodes exclusively among the poor
and the laboring classes; for unhappily they
hold high carnival among the rich and prosper-
ous: and the saturnalia are not confined to those
of the toilers who furnish occasional recruits to
the billiard-rooms, base-ball clubs, and gro-
ceries which the honorable Senator reprobates
iu a common bat unjust classification. Must
the many be punished for the crimes of the few,
and should virtue suffer the penalty of vice ?
If we follow the argument of the honorable Sen-
ator to its legitimate conclusion, it would ap-
pear that we should add to, rather than diminish
the hoars of labor; that if vice increases with
the diminution of labor, it will decrease with
its aggrandizement, and no limit is fixed to the
happy medium, the juste milieu, when vice and
labor might approximate their respective rela-
tions without encroaching upon their mutual
prerogatives, as established by the accepted
laws of society.
It is not, Mr. President, a question of whether
the adoption of the eight-hoar law by the
factories of Lowell would result in their eclipse
in the market by the products of Manchester
and Bradford, as suggested by the honorable
Senator. The condition of the laboring classes
in England is well known to be truly, pitiable.
Every English journal and periodicalchronicles
the unrelieved sufferings of the downtrodden
workmen of Great Britain, and this fact is
attested by the large immigration which yearly
Hows into our happier land, to the depopula-
tion of the mother country. The less said
about the factories either of Manchester, Brad-
ford, or Lowell, the better. Their operations
will not bear the scrutiny of a charitable and
liberal world; and here I am reminded of a
couplet from one of the many pleas in the
interests of labor made by the poet Tom Hood:
" Ob, God I that bread should be so dear.
And flesh and blood so cheap."
Capital can protect itself. It is a tyrant who
dictates his own terms, and a monster who
consnmes the substance wjiieh labor produces.
Labor requires proteetibn aod consideration.
The encroachments of capital upon labor have
already aroused a spirit of resentment and
resistance all over the country. Conventions
in the interests of labor are being held, and
they threaten to elect Congresses and Presi-
dents. They are the people, the bone and
sinew which produce, and. 1 am not insensible
to the lessons of the hour which their just
demands proclaim.
I have the honor, Mr. President, of repre-
senting upon this floor a large constituency
who have heretofore been deprived by slavery
of all benefit and reward of their own toil.
For over two hundred years the institution of
slavery has degraded the interests and respect-
ability of labor in the South, affecting the
poorer classes of whites equally with the
blacks. Through -much tribulation and blood-
shed, the shackles have been stricken from
them, and for the first time in the history of
our country its labor is now all free, and invol-
untary service no longer exists, Under the
cruel laws of slavery, education was denied
this people; they were kept in total obscurity
and darkness, the effort being to repress rather
than to encourage intelligence. From the first
break of dawn they were forced to toil wearily,
under the dispiriting lash of the overseer, with
no other hope than to see the sun go down
that they might have a brief surcease from the
grinding oppression of their tasks. Their toil
is uow their own, consecrated to them by the
best blood of free America; and it is a matter
of deep concern to the country and to myself,
that they shall receive the benefits of that free-
dom, not only in their labor, but in their
education; as well in books as in their new
relations as citizens of the Republic. When
the war was over and slavery ceased, it was
the ringing cry all over the land that the negro
would not work ; that he would be the victim
of vice and disease, and constitute banditti to
rob, plunder, steal, and prey upon the com-
munity of the South ; and that the military
arm would be required in strong force to pro-
tect the whites from rapine and pillage, which
the freedmen would inevitably inaugurate.
Now, Mr. President, what has been the
result? This nation of laborers, hewers of
wood and drawers of water, the beasts of
burden, who have never known anything but
to labor and toil under the bitter exactions of
slavery, have not sought the abodes of idleness
nor indulged in the terrors of revenge. They
have set the industrial classes of the world a
wholesome example; for, by their labor they
have restored wealth to the devastated South,
and, more than all, have remained true and
steadfast to the Union. They need education;
and, with a just limit to their hours of labor,
should have the opportunity to acquire learn-
ing, to encourage morality by the study of its
lessons, in order to preserve the respectability
of toil and to control the relative position which
labor bears toward capital. Does the honor-
able Senator insist that because these four mil-
lion blacks have heretofore served their mas-
ters twelve and perhaps fifteen hours out of the
twenty-four, and have lived or existed under
that exaction, that they should be compelled
to still follow in the same beaten track and be
denied, as heretofore, the benefits of time for
moral culture and education; that the eight-
hour system adopted by the Government will
demoralize them in their pursuits after their
experiences before and since the war? These
theories may be excellent in support of the
proposition that no man Bhould be permitted
to earn enough to live upon unless he works ten
or twelve hours per day, thus making it a ques-
tion of bread and meat; for, rather than see
his children crying for bread or have them
turned into the street, consigned to the alms-
house and made public paupers, there is no
upright, God-fearing man but what would work,
if he could get employment, twenty-four hours
a day, ay, and even steal to feed his little ones,
should that be the only resort.
The great problem of labor at the South has
been solved, and contrary to the predictions
and desires of those who would grind the work-
ing man to the earth and make his life a bur-
den, it has been solved satisfactorily. To make
labor successful you must make it willing;
and when itis willing it is happy and contented,
and hence prosperous. That is the great aim
to be accomplished. I am willing and even
anxious that the Government should set the
example of liberality to those it employs; and
if this example be taken as a precedent by the
business world it will be, in ray opinion, a
happy consummation. I look upon my fellow-
men with feelings of interest, charity, and
kindness; and therefore I do not suspect that
the two hours abatement of toil will be mis-
applied and consecrated to vice. It is not, in
ray opinion, an increase of time afforded under
the specious plea of the necessity for mental,
moral, and social recreation, only to be dissi-
pated and wasted in the manner presupposed
by the honorable Senator. 1 fully agree, how-
ever, with him that " human nature rebels
against even the shadow of unrequited toil,"
notwithstanding the fact that we arrive at
totally different conclusions in this particular,
by the same coarse of reasoning. Therefore
I insist that if we fail to pass the joint resolu-
tion, which provides there shall be no abate-
ment of compensation by reason of the eight-
hour law, and accord with the honorable Sen-
ator's proposition of total repeal, our action
will truly be—
" Like Dead Sea fruits that tempt the eye.
But turn to ashes on the lips."
Let us recognize that we hold in trust the true
interests of the people, that the majority of
our citizens are of the laboring class, and that
the happiness of our countrymen is the pros-
perity of the Government. Let us remember
also that when our Republic was threatened,
and the temple of liberty rocked, quivered,
and nearly fell from the earthquake of seces-
sion, the husbandman threw aside his plow,
the mechanic his tools, the student his books,
the laborer his pick and spade, all rallying to
the call of their country. When it was a ques-
tion affecting the life of liberty and free insti-
tutions, there was no appeal for an abatement
of time or a reduction of the hours of labor.
They marched forward to death and the sol;
dier's grave in serried phalanx, day and night,
early and late, whenever the bugle sounded the
call of duty. Their sepulchers strew our land,
and we cannot bring back the reminiscences of
their deeds too often.
Now peace smiles, upon us—''the piping
times of peace," and we hasten to cement the
bands of union. The husbandman has re-
sumed his plow, the mechanic his tools, the
scholar his books, and the laborer his pick
and spade. They demand to earn their bread
by reasonable toil, with an equally reasonable
amount of leisure, in the land which they have
preserved. Shall they echo the "Song of the
Shirt?"
" Work, work, work, my labor never flags;
And wb at are its wages ? A bod of straw,
A crust of bread, and rags t
That shattered roof and this naked floor, a table, a
broken chair, -
And a wall so blank, my shadow I thank, for some-
times falling there."
The joint resolution is before us for action.
It has passed the lower House, the popular
branch of Congress. We are now simply to
carry into effect a work previously performed,
as it appears, somewhat carelessly. We are
either to repair our own fault or modify the
unnecessary and adverse ruling of the Depart-
ments. Our action in promptly passing the
joint resolution without amendment will make
many hearts glad, even if they be—
" Still one of Adam's heirs.
Though doomed by chance of birth
To dress so mean and to eat the lean
Instead of the fat of the earth;
To make suoh humble meals
As honest labor can,
A bone and a crnst, with a grace to Gtod,
And MttU thanks to man.
