2366
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
But probably the gentleman does not bear
in mind that the amount of wheat taken for j
the European market during the last ten years
lias not amounted in any one year to ten days, i
shipment from Chicago and Milwaukee. He 1
will therefore see that it is not in Liverpool j
that  e find our market, but at home in Now j
England, iuSouth America; principally, how-
ever, in the manufacturing districts of this
country. So you will discover when you bring
your products down through the St. Lawrence
you do not get the great distributing point for
it. The great distributing point is and must
bt  New York.
Mr. LA.WHENCE. It undoubtedly is true
that but, a very small portion of the grain pro-
duct of the western States is exported. The
great proportion of it ia consumed in tho United
States. But the export of our grain is increas-
ing very rapidly, and we export not only grain,
but lumber and a great variety of other pro-
duets; so that in providing a water route of
communication we should provide it not only
with reference to the present, but with reference
to the increasing products of the future.
Mr. BENNETT. I am in favor, Mr. Speaker,
of liberal appropriations for all the water
channels of the country. 1 do not wish to be
confined to this particular water-course; but
1 would say that tho amount of produce car-
ried by the Erie and Oswego canal is fully two
thirds of the products of the great northwestern
country. It is in fact larger than that—almost
three fourths; and under these circumstances
that the State of New York should charge six
cents and two mills on every bushel of wheat,
live emits on corn, and corresponding rales on
other grains, I claim is an outrage. 1 want tho
General Government to take hold of this work,
remove it from the arena of State politics alto-
gether, and administer it by State authority for
the benefit of tho people of the country generally.
That is what 1 am laboring to bring about.
the southwest—its demands amd the rossibili-
tiks 01' its i'utukk.
This, then, is the result to be accomplished
by such an improvement of the Erie canal ns
we ask that the General Government shall aid
in making. Do yon need, gentlemen, to bo
persuaded that its effect upon tho great North-
west, ill accelerating throughout that wonder-
ful region the spread of population and the
conversion of natural resources into realized
wealth, will produce, and produce speedily,
more than a reimbursement of the property in
the United States whieh may now be taxed for
it,'? The West is conscious of its needs, and
demands with an imperative voice that the
carriage of its products to their market shall
be made cheaper. It is right iu tho demand,
and must be satisfied. Tho matter is one of
national concern, and interests every inhabit-
ant of tho land, from Maine to Florida. The
thing first in question is tho price of food and
tho cost of living; for even wtiere tho great
West does not feed us by direct supply from
her granaries and her herds, she rules every-
where among us the market of bread and meat.
But more in real consequence to us than that
is the stimulation which every industry, to the
remotest corner of this Union, receives from
the prosperous energies of the Northwest. That
has come to be in very fact the heart of the
nation, the seat and center of its activities,
from which u current of quickening life pul-
sates to every extremity. The factories and
fisheries of New England, tho furnaces of
Pennsylvania, the cane fields and cotton plant-
ations rif tho South, the warehouses and work-
shops of New York aro alike touched with
languor or with animation as the mighty move-
ment of western civilization falters or sweeps on.
Whatever, therefore, bears upon the mate-
rial advancement and prosperity of that great
section of the Union concerns every one of us
in almost equal measure ; and certainly there
is nothing which can have so great a bearing
in those directions as the cost and facility of
its commercial exchanges. Can you see any
calculable limit to the development of the pro-
ductive resources of the Northwest except that
which is imposed by the taxes of transporta-
tion V It may feed the world if the markets of
the world are but rendered accessible to ,ifs
harvests. On the other hand, we have seen it
manya time oppressed and prostrate under the
weight of its own abundance, burning the corn
which it, con Id not sell lor winter fuel. In the
eye of the political economist I know nothing
that is so hitter a sight as that, and not halt
so much on account of the cruel wasting of
precious food sis in viow of the narrow limit
within which production is thus shown to be
tethered by its commercial conditions. When
corn is burned to spare its rotting, by reason
of the harriers of time and distance and imper-
fect vehicles of transportation which keep it
from the moulhsof hungry millions who cry out
against the waste, then the statesmanship of
the nation is surely challenged to lind measures
for breaking tho bounds against which its pro-
' ducing forcos rebel.
I point you to the fact that in the States
bordering on and tributary to the lakes there
has been as yet scarcely ono fourth of the fertile
area of lands brought under cultivation. Tho
ten States of Ohio, Indiana, Michigan, Wis-
consin, Illinois, Minnesota, Iowa, Missouri,
Kansas, and Nebraska embrace a domain of
407,044,000 acres, of whieh there were in 1800
but 52,100,030 acres improved. At the present
time the area of culture may have been extended
to very nearly ono hundred million acres, and
yet the untouched wilderness surpasses it in the
proportion of three to one. Can you tell mo
how these waiting resources are to bo devel-
oped; how the fertility of these unplowed
tracts is to be utilized ; how it is to be made
profitable to men to apply capital and labor to
their cultivation ; how their fruits can bo gath-
ered for any better use than tho fire, unless
easier and cheaper outlets and a wider reach
of markets aro opened to them ?
But this is not the whole view of tho matter;
for even of the lands which are under cultiva-
tion not half the producing capabilities have
over been realized; nor can it be until more of
the ultimate selling price of their products is
taken from the carrier and given to the farmer
to pay him for a more thorough tillage.
So far we have on ly considered this question in
its relation to those States which we are accus-
tomed to denominate colleetivcly as tho West
and Northwest. But north of those States and
above tho boundary of the United States there
lies a region of imperial extent, which offers to
become the chief wheat-field of the continent
when opportunity is given for its development.
It is within a low years only that wo have
learned to understand and appreciate the pos-
sibilities of that great section of the British ter-
ritory adjoining us which is watered and inter-
sected by tho Red river, the Saskatchewan, and
their tributaries, u nited wit han extended system
of largo lakes. Under high northern latitudes,
it enjoys a climate of singular geniality and of
a hcalthfulncss hardly equaled upon the con-
tinent. It has that elastic temper of atmos-
phere in which vigorous races of men are most
grown, with a vigor of biain and brawn alike,
it-s soil compares with that of the Mississippi
prairies in fertility. In area it is equal to eight
or ten of our larger States. Its chief river, the
Saskatchewan, carries a navigable water-line
to tho base of the Ilocky mountains, seven hun-
dred miles from Lake Winnipeg, into which it,
discharges. In connection with thesamelakethe
lied river of the North is navigable froma point
considerably within our own territory for more
than eight hundred miles directly north and
south, and is said to be unsurpassed in its
adaptation to the use of steam. Looking with
the sagacious eye of a statesman at this great
region, in its geographical associatiau with our
own parallel dominion below it, Mr. Seward
said in his well-remembered speech at St. Paul,
nine years ago :
"I now believe that tho ultimate, last seat of gov-
ernment on this groat continent will be found some-
where within aoirclo or radius not very far from the
spot on which I now stand, atthe head of navigation
on tho Mississippi river."
Now, tho commercial dependence of this
grand unborn empire of the ultimate North-
west is upon the lakes and their Atlantic com-
munications eastward, atidnpon the Mississippi
toward the south. It has no other outlet. By
inexorable necessities of geography it is bound
to us as with hooks of steel, whatever its political
relations may be. Its trade will be our trade,
and we must as much take account of its future
development in our calculations of policy as
wo take account of tho Territories that are
represented in this Congress. Already a rail-
road between the upper waters of the Missis-
sippi and the head of Lake Superior is far
advanced and will soon be completed. From
Lake Winnipeg to Lake Superior stretches an
almost unbroken chain of small lakes and
rivers, through which the formation of a navi-
gable channel is but the question of a few years
more or less. Ono single mile of canal between
Lake Traver and Big Stone Lake in-Minnesota
will unit£ the waters of the lied river and the
Mississippi. It is evident wo shall not have
long to wait before si new chapter in the wonder-
ful history of American expansion arid progress
will have opened, and a new flood, pouring out
of the North, will be surging into the channels
of our inland trade.
Nor is this all. Wc aro upon the eve of the
completion of ono great line of railway across
tho continent; and another, which shall stretch
from the extremity of Lake Superior to the
Pacific inlet of Puget sound, is among the cer-
tainties of the near future. Over these grand
highways there will soon be borne eastward to
us not only the unlocked wealth of an almost
measureless area of mining territory, but also
that luxuriant and luxurious trade of eastern
Asia, which in all ages of the world has given
the scepter of commercial supremacy to the
people who possessed it. For it is an admitted
fact that tho traffic of the Orient will traverse
our continent by the route of the Northern
Pacific railroad when that is built, possessing
the advantages which it will in its shorter dis-
tance, its easier grades, and the long stretches
of water communication that connect with it.
Here, along the northern parallels of the
United States, wo have the natural highways
laid out of a commerce that shall girdle the
world. The Hudson river, the Erie canal, and
tho lakes present a thousand miles of unbroken
communication by water; then the Missouri
stretches out to almost meet the waters of the
Columbia, flowing down the further slope of
the Iloeky mountains, so that eight hundred
and twenty-five miles of railroad suffice to con-
nect rivers, canal, and lakes, and make the
transcontinental line complete.
Perhaps I have dwelt longer than I should
upon this alluring aspect of my subject; but I
desire to impress strongly on every mind that
can be reached by these remarks the urgent
and imperative nature of the necessity which
exists for giving a larger and freer movement
to the swelling commerce of our lakes. The
demand of the West for cheaper transportation
between Lake Erie and the Atlantic sea-ports
is a demand than which not one other arising
out of the needs and interests of this nation is
so absolutely imperative to-day. Congress
cannot afford to turn an inattentive ear to it
nor to trifle with the discussion of measures
for giving it satisfaction.
WHAT SnOULD EE DONE ?
Now, what can best be done in the matter ?
Is there any mode so certain, so speedy, and
so economical of cost as that enlargement of
the carrying capacity of the Erie canal already
described, by which an equal subtraction can
be made from the expenses of the carrying of
western produce to their market and an equal
facilitation given to their movement? 1 con-
tend that there is not, and I believe that the
fact can be made clear.
