110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
formed by him in aid of Union prisoners in
Libby prison.
By Mr. BTJTLER, of Massachusetts: The
claim of Nathaniel Tarr, for indemnity for
losses sustained in the department of the South
in 1863.
Also, a petition of a committee of colored
men of Kentucky, to have the word " slave "
taken off the rolls, so as to make the bounty
equal to all soldiers.
By Mr. CAKE: A memorial of many thou-
sands of the mechanics and laborers of Schuyl-
kill county, Pennsylvania, reminding Congress
that labor is paid sixty cents a day in England,
forty cents a day in France, thirty cents a day
in Germany, while it is paid in free America
from one dollar and seventy-five cents to two
dollars a day per man; that any reduction of
the duty on iron or any other leading produc-
tion of the United States tends to reduce the
wages of our laborer to the same state of abject
poverty that prevails in Europe; that Con-
gress has established the eight-hour law in the
Government workshops, for which they are
thankful, but that the system cannot be carried
out in other branches of business without pro-
tection to American industry.
By Mr. CALKIN: The petition of Emil
Ruger, an American citizen of New York city,
for redress for arrest and imprisonment at
Copenhagen by the Government of Denmark.
By Mr. CESSNA: A petition of citizens
of Bedford county, Pennsylvania, praying that
belligerent rights may be granted to the Cubans.
By Mr. COBURN: A petition for the relief
of Isaac B. Raber.
By Mr. COX: The petition of Amasa Walker,
E. & A. H. Batcheller & Co., and 70 others,
citizens of North Brookfield, Massachusetts,
that coal should be free of duty to obtain
cheaper fuel, light, steam, and iron.
By Mr. ELDRIDGE: A petition of certain
persons of the city of Milwaukee, in the State
of Wisconsin, for increased pay.
By Mr. FERRY: The petition of B. M.
Hutchinson, H. Hitchcock, and 102 others, of
Ionia county, Michigan, praying for the repeal
of the duty on hides and leather.
By Mr. FINKELNBURG: A petition of
citizens of St. Louis county, for the establish-
ment of a mail route from St. Louis to Fenton.
By Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio: A petition
of citizens of Ashtabula county, Ohio, asking
a repeal of the duty on imported hides.
By Mr. HOAG: The memorial of Mrs.
Ann Holmes Allen, widow of Samuel Allen,
deceased, for relief and arrears of pay, on
account of services rendered by her late hus-
band as a soldier of the war of 1812.
By Mr. JULIAN: A petition of 103 citi-
zens of Indiana, praying Congress to remit
the duty on imported hides and to allow them
to enter free.
Also, a petition for equal suffrage, from
citizens of the State of New York.
By Mr. KERR: Certain papers in the appli-
cations of Mrs. Matilda Sullivan and Mrs. 
Ravenscroft, for pensions, on account of ser-
vices rendered the Government by their respect-
ive husbands during the late war.
By Mr. LOGAN: The petition of H. P.
Ingram and John H. Askins, for pay during a
period when they were not mustered into the
military service.
By Mr. MOORE, of Illinois: A petition
praying the establishment of a post route from
Oakley to Newburg, in Macon county, Illinois.
By Mr. MOORE, of Ohio: The petition of
David Lentz and 38 others, citizens of Monroe
county, Ohio, for the repeal of the duty on
foreign hides.
By .Mr. O'NEILL: The petition of Mrs.
Emma M. Moore, widow of senior Captain E.
\V. Moore, praying for a pension.
By Mr. PAINE : The petition of E. P. Allis
and 11 others, citizens of Milwaukee, Wiscon-
sin, for the repeal of the duty on foreign hides.
Also, the petition of H. A. Mead and 56
others, residents of Walworth county, Wis-
consin, for the repeal of the duty on foreign
hides.
Also, the petition of Adolph Reichel and 16
others, letter-carriers of Milwaukee, Wiscon-
sin, for an increase of compensation.
Also, the petition of Peter Van Yechten and
85 others, citizens of Milwaukee, Wisconsin,
for a repeal of the duty on foreign hides.
Also, the petition of E. Williams and 47
others, citizens of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, for
a repeal of the duty on foreign hides.
Also, the petition of D. Fishbeck and 25
others, citizens of Milwaukee, for a repeal of
the duty on foreign hides.
Also, the petition of Frank Morrison and 91
others, citizens of Milwaukee county, Wiscon-
sin, for a repeal of the duty on foreign hides.
By Mr. RANDALL: A petition of the clerks
and employes of the Philadelphia post office,
asking an increase of pay.
By Mr. SCHENCK: The petition of James
Belger, asking that he may be declared by law
to be legally entitled to the position of a colonel
and quartermaster of the United States, to-
gether with the accompanying papers.
By Mr. SCOFIELD: A communication
from Dr. J. L. Stewart, of Erie, Pennsylvania,
in relation to pension agents.
Also, the petition of Mr. Charles Heale, in
preferring his claim against the United States
for the use of his patent armor for vessels.
Also, a petition of citizens of New York city,
requesting great caution on the part of Congress
in introducing any changes in the Navy service
which may be fraught with injury to its dis-
cipline.
By Mr. STARKWEATHER: The petition
of Nancy Parkhurst, for a pension.
Also, the petition of Elizabeth Copeland, for
a pension.
Also, a petition of 132 merchants of Savan-
nah, Georgia, to allow the importation of
guano in foreign vessels.
By Mr. STOKES: The petition of Mrs. S.
Palmer, widow of R. H. Palmer, deceased, for
pay for services rendered the United States
Government as surgeon.
Also, the petition of Elisha Cole, of Wilson
county, Tennessee, a soldier of the war of 1812,
for a pension.
Also, a memorial for the improvement of
the Tennessee river.
_ By Mr. TILLMAN: A memorial from a por-
tion of the citizens of Marshall county, Ten-
nessee, asking that Congress relieve them from
rebel rule.
By Mr. VAN TRUMP : The petition of G.
C. Miller and 52 others, praying that a pen-
sion be granted to Mrs. Mary Red, widow of
Andrew Red, deceased, late of the Ohio vol-
unteers.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 14, 1869.
Rev. J. P. Newman, D. D., Chaplain to the
Senate, offered the following prayer:
O Lord, Thou hast been our dwelling-place
in all generations. Before the mountains were
brought forth or before Thou hadst formed the
earth or the world, even from everlasting to
everlasting, Thou art God, olderthan the earth,
older than the stars, older than the angels.
Thou art God eternal and blessed forever more.
But upon all things earthly is impressed the
transient, and we deplore the sin which has
doomed us to sorrow and to death. Empires
pass away, and humanity, generation after
generation, is carried to the charnel-house of
departed ages. We return Thee hearty thanks,
gracious God, that, notwithstanding this gen-
eral doom, the noble and the immortal part
of man shall receive Thy benediction. We
return Thee thanks for all that was great in
intellect and noble in heart and philanthropic
in life, for all that was patriotic and loyal in
public services of him whose memory shall be
commemorated to-day; and grant that by this
dispensation of Thy providence these Senators
shall grow wise, that they may so live and so
die that their lives shall be their eulogy, that
in their death the people may rise up and call
them blessed, and that God may pronounce
His benediction upon their eternity. Regard
in Thy tender mercy those who were near and
dear to the departed. May they be infolded
in the arms of Thine affection and protection.
Command Thy blessing upon Thy servant, the
President of this Republic; upon Thy servant
who presides here; upon these Senators ; upon
all that are in authority, and upon the whole
nation, for Jesus' sake. Amen.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Before the Jour-
nal is read the Chair will state that at half past
twelve o'clock the Senator from Maine [Mr.
Morrill] will announce the death of his pre-
decessor. The Senate will come to order, and
the Journal of yesterday will be read.
Mr. DRAKE. I move that the reading of
the Journal be dispensed with.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The reading of
the Journal can be dispensed with only by
unanimous consent. Is there objection ? The
Chair hears none. The reading of the Journal
will be dispensed with.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition of citi-
zens of the county of Philadelphia, Pennsyl-
vania, praying that the names of the surviving
soldiers and sailors of the war of 1812 and of
the widows of such as are deceased may be
placed on the pension-roll; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. VICKERS presented the petition of
John D. Hister and thirteen others, citizens of
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, praying that the
names of the surviving soldiers and sailors of
the war of 1812 and of the widows of such as
are deceased may be placed upon the pension-
roll ; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. SCOTT presented a petition of citizens
of Philadelphia, praying that the names of the
surviving soldiers and sailors of the war of 1812
and of the widows of such as are deceased may
be placed upon the pension-roll; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM presented the petition
of Joseph Lanman, rear admiral United States
Navy, praying that he may be allowed the dif-
ference between the pay of commodore and that
of rear admiral from the 8th of December, 1867,
to the 14th of April, 1868; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. THURMAN. I present joint resolutions
of the General Assembly of Ohio, in relation
to the proposed fifteenth amendment of the
Constitution. I ask that they may be read, laid
on the table, and printed.
The Secretary read as follows:
Joint resolution rejecting the proposed fifteenth
constitutional amendment.
Whereas the General Assembly has received official
notification of the passage by both Houses of the
fortieth Congress of the United States of the fol-
lowing proposition to amend the Constitution of the
United States, in the words following, to wit:
" A resolution proposing an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States.
_ " Resolved by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives, &e. .(two thirds of both Houses concurring, )That
the following article be proposed to the Legislatures
ot the several States as an amendment to the Consti-
tution of the United States; which, wljen ratified by
three fourths of said Legislatures, shall be valid as
part of the Constitution, namely:
" Aeticle XV.
"Section 1. The right of citizens of the United
States to vote shall not be denied or abridged by the
United States, or by any State, on account of race,
color, or previous condition of servitude.
_ Sec. 2. The Congress shall have power to enforce
this article by proper legislation."
And whereas three fourths of the Legislatures of
the States composingthe United States are required
to give assent to the proposed amendment to the
Constitution of the United States before it becomes
part thereof; and whereas the people of Ohio, by
over fifty thousand majority, have rejected "negro
suffrage:" Therefore,
Be it resolved by the General Assembly of the State of
Ohio, That the Legislature ot this State hereby re-
ject thesaid fifteenth article, proposed as an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States, and
