1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5199
office of Representative in Congress, and if we
vote him in we shall, in my judgment, violate
a clear provision of the Constitution.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts, resumed
the floor.
Mr. POLAND. I shall desire, when this dis-
cussion closes, to move to reconsider the vote
by which the main question was ordered, for
the purpose of offering a substitute for the res-
olutions reported by the Committee of Elec-
tions.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like to say a
word or two in reply to the gentleman from
Vermont, [Mr. Poland.]
Mr. BOOKER. I hope the gentleman from
Massachusetts will allow me five minutes.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. I want a
few minutes myself now. I must say I was
very much surprised at the remarks of the gen-
tleman from Vermont, [Mr. Poland.] Why,
Mr. Speaker, it was upon the authority of the
gentleman from Vermont, in a great measure,
that the committee based its report. In 186G,
in the case of Mr. Patterson, of Tennessee, the
gentlemau from Vermont being then in the
Senate, and a member of the Judiciary Com-
mittee of that body, made a report on almost
exactly the same state of facts as in the present
case, that Mr. Patterson was entitled to take
his seat as Senator from Tennessee. That
case was almost precisely like this. Mr. Pat-
terson had been a judge of a court in Tennes-
see during the war, and he took an oath to
support the confederate constitution, the same
kind of oath that Mr. Booker took when he
was reelected as justice of the peace.
Mr. Patterson was, I think, a judge of the
supreme court of Tennessee prior to the war.
His term of service expired during the war,
and he was reelected or reappointed, I do not
know which, and took the necessary oath, just
as Mr. Booker did when lie was reelected as
justice of the peace in the State of Virginia.
The gentleman from Vermont made a full
report, setting forth all the facts in the ease,
and stating that Mr. Patterson was entitled to
his seat. The question came before the House
whether Mr. Patterson's disability should be
removed, and they said it was not necessary.
The Senate then allowed him to take his seat,
and to take the oath.
Now, I ask what is the difference between
the two cases, except that one man held the
office of judge of the supreme court of the
State of Tennessee, and the other held the
office of justice of the peace of Virginia ?
air. POLAND. If my friend from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Brooks] has read that report
he will 
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. I have
read it.
Mr. POLAND. Then he will have read
that it was at the very outstart of the rebel-
lion, before Tennessee was out of the Union,
and while Tennessee was swaying 
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. He was
reelected in 1802, and took the office aud per-
formed all the duties of it. And yet you are
going to say that a man committed perjury,
havingbeen merely a justice of thepeacein the
backwoods of Virginia, although he has merely
followed the precedent set in the ease of Sen-
ator Patterson. I now yield the remainder of
my time to my colleague, [Mr. Dawes.]
Mr. DAWES. The committee to whom this
matter was referred have unanimously found
that in their opinion this man was loyal. I do
think myself that it is carrying the^ matter a
great ways to say that a mere justice of the
peace is included within this constitutional dis-
qualification.
Mr. POLAND. My friend is mistaken in
supposing that this man was a mere justice of
the peace; he was chief justice of the county
court.
Mr. DAWES. He was ax officio chief jus-
tice of the county court 
Mr. POLAND. With a very largo civil and
criminal jurisdiction. 1 have a copy of the
dockets.
Mr. DAWES. I will not argue the question
of fact with the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr.
Poland.] I have stated what is the unanimous
report of the committee. I can understand how
men situated as Mr. Booker was can still be
loyal, and do what he is charged with having
done. In the last Congress I had occasion to
test this matter by submitting a resolution to
the House in the case of the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Butler,] and the report of
the committee was sustained on precisely the
same ground upon which the gentleman from
Massachusetts, my colleague, [Mr. Brooks,]
sustains the report of the committee in this
case. I do not propose, upon a mere question
of fact, to undertake to array myself at this
time against the report of a committee of this
House on any information I may get outside.
Mr. McKENZIE. Will the gentleman allow
me to say just this?
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman will pardon
me if I do not yield now. I think the best
way to dispose of this whole question is to lay
this whole matter upon the table, and that will
leave the subject just as it is now. If the House
shall then desire to compensate the gentleman
who has contested the seat of Mr. Booker, I
will raise no objection to it. And without any
disposition to interfere with the Committee of
Elections in their management of this case, I
will venture to move that this whole subject
be now laid on the table.
Mr. BENTON. What will be the effect of
that motion ?
Mr. DAWES. To leave the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Booker] in his seat precisely as
he was voted in a short time ago.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The hour for
debate has expired. The question is upon the
motion of the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] that the report of the Committee
of Elections in this case be laid on the table.
Mr. PAINE. I desire to make a parliament-
ary inquiry.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man will state it.
Mr. PAINE. What will be the effect of the
motion of the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] if it shall prevail?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That is hardly
a parliamentary question for the Chair to decide.
The Chair is under the impression, however,
that it would leave the case just where it was
before it was referred to the Committee of
Elections. But it is not a question for the
Chair to determine; it is rather one for the
House to decide. The question is upon the
motion to lay the whole subject on the table.
Mr. POLAND. I think we had better dis-
pose of this matter now that we have it before
us. I gave notice that I desired to move to
reconsider the vote by which the main ques-
tion was ordered, so that I could offer as a
substitute for the resolution reported by the
Committee of Elections, a resolution declaring
that Mr. Booker was not entitled to a seat.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That motion
is not now in order, pending the motion to lay
on the table.
Mr. PAINE. I hope the motion to lay on
the table will not prevail.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Debate is not
in order.
The question was then taken upon the motion
to lay on the table ; and upon a division—ayes
99, noes 2i—it was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
just, taken ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. I offer
the following resolution:
Resolved, That there be paid to George Tucker out
of the continscnt fund of the House of Itepresenta-
tlves tho sum of 32,000, in full for his expenses in said
contest.
Mr. HOLMAN. I raise the question whether
this resolution is privileged.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
decides that it is not a privileged question.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to call the attention
of the Chair to the ruling heretofore that wbe:e
a resolution of this kind immediately follows a
resolution relative to the right to a seat, no
other business intervening, it is a question of
privilege.
Mr. RANDALL. It must be part of the
same report.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Brooks] offered
this, in the first place, as an amendment to the
report of the committee, making it a part of
that report. The whole of that matter was laid
on the table. The gentleman now offers this
as an independent resolution, and the Chair is
of opinion that it is not privileged, although
the rules might be suspended for the purpose
of allowing it to be offered.
Mr. DAWES. I only wanted to state to the
Chair what had been the ruling heretofore.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. I move
to suspend the rules, for the purpose of adopt-
ing the resolution which has been read.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. I rise to a question of
order. If this matter is reported from the
committee, and is part of their report, it has
gone to the table. The motion of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] was to
lay the whole subject on the table, including
the amendment.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The state-
ment of the gentleman is correct; but the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Brooks] now
moves to suspend the rules, for the purpose of
adopting a resolution to pay the contestant.
Mr. RANDALL. Would it be 111 order to
move to refer the resolution to the Committee
of Elections?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That motion
would not be in order, pending a motion to
suspend the rules.
Mr. RANDALL. Then we are forced to vote
on the question without any consideration.
On the motion to suspend the rules, there
were—ayes 76, noes 48.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Two thirds
have not voted in the affirmative.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. I call the
yeas and nays on the motion to suspend the
rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ALLISON. I move that the House now
adjourn.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If the
House adjourns now this question will come
up to-morrow morning immediately after the
reading of the Journal as unfinished business.
luaye of absence.
By unanimous consent, Mr. IIambleton ob-
tained indefinite leave of absence on account of
sickness in his family; and Mr. Cobb, of North
Carolina, obtained indefinite leave of absence.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAl'ERS.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted, on
the request of the Speaker, for the withdrawal
of the petition and accompanying papers of
the heirs of Joshua Chamberlain, late of Onta-
rio county, New York, and formerly a captain
in the revolutionary army.
Leave was granted, on the request of Mr.
Logan, for the withdrawal of certain papers
of J. T. Turner.
The motion of Mr. Allison was then
agreed to; and (at five o'clock p. m.) the
House adjourned.
•petitions, etc.
The following petitions &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ATWOOD : The petition of Arthur
C. Kent, of Janesville, Wisconsin, asking to
