1870.
THE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4255
Treasury; that it costs the Government noth-
ing j that the abstraction of postages amounts
to a matter of no consideration whatever; but
even in "that year it amounted to one eighth of
the whole receipts of the postal service.
-Mr. MOIIRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
does not mean to say that Judge Collamer
recommended the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Mr. RAMSEY. lie states these facts. I
will read what he says :
" It seems long to have been the received princi-
ple in this Department that its expenses should bo
always kept within the income furnished by postage
and all exertions at the improvement and extension
of the service are to bo limited to and fall within
such receipts. The opinion of the community with-
out the Department is believed to be that the Gen-
eral PostOffice being for the dissemination of intelli-
gence and advancement of business is not a proper
subject ot taxation; that no burden for public ser-
vice should leanupon it, and that the rate of postage
should only be such as will pay the expense of the
care, conveyance, and delivery of the matter on
which the postage is laid. These viewsareinno way
incompatible, and may both besuccessfully regarded,
provided a reasonable compensation be made to tho
Department lor the service it performs by those for
whose benefit such service is required.
"It must be quite obvious that there can be no
practicable method of ascertaining the expense of
mail service on each particular letter or paper, as it
fluctuates with the cost in each different section of
the country; but what is tho proper proportion of
each class of service may be settled with a good de-
gree of justice, if, when ascertained, it is to bear its
lair proportion, and that only.
"The classes of service now required are three : the
care, transportation, and delivery, first of letters;
second of newspapers and pamphlets; third, matter
carried without compensation. It is by postage on
the two first classes of service that the whole expenses
of the Department are now sustained.
"The whole number of letters eharged with post-
age pa?sin«? through the mails the past year, reck-
oned on the postage rcccivcd, agreeably to a basis
heretofore approved, amounted to sixty-two mil-
lions. On all these letters the pobtnge collected was
$3,882,762; on newspapers and pamphlets, $>$19,016.
It iswell known that tho postage on the newspapers
and pamphlets, in proportion to their weight and
numbers, is in a very great degree less than tho let-
ter postage; so that they do not pay their proportion
of the expense of the service. It therefore follows
that the letter postage pays now not only for its own
cost, but also lor what the paper postage falls short
of its proportion, and also for all the other opera-
tions and services of the Department, including the
expense of all the matter carried for the public with-
out pay from Government. This brings us to inquire
what is the extent of this class of service rendered
without pay from the employers?
" First, what is the nature and amount of this
franked matter? _ , ,,
"The heads of the different Departments frank all
the mail matter sent from their respective Depart-
ments, and receive free all to them directed. Under
the act of 18-15 an accountwas kept by the post office
of the city of Washington of all such matter received
by the Departments for the year ended Junc30,1840;
but no account of the matter sent from them.
" The postage on that received at the present rate
was 8250.383 83, aud the amount as then estimated at
the Treasury on tho matter sent would be fully equal;
so that the same then amounted to $500,767 6l>. (Lx.
Doc. 64, second session Twenty-Ninth Congress.) In
1847 this mode of payment was abolished, and the
only provision since for this service rendered to
the Executive Departments is an appropriation of
$200,000 per annum."
It has been since increased to $700,000 ; but
that increase of course bears no proportion to the
increased amount of free matter since that day.
He says further:
" It is always to be recollected that no amount of
appropriation, however large, to pay for franked
matter, will ever in any desree relieve the letter or
paper postage, so Ions as such postage actually pays
the whole expense of the Department, whereby such
appropriation remains as surplus undrawn fiom tiie
"h" But the par{. 0f tjie funked matter, for
which no payment is made to the Department, con-
sists in the letters, papers, and documents franked
by members of the Senate and House of Kcpresent-
atives. The amount of this matter cannot be ascer-
tained with entire accuracy, as much
of which no account is kept. By a report from the
Clerks office of the. House ot. TMrfSth
appears thatdurmg toe twosessions. ot the Ihirtietn
Congress, ending in March last the extra number
of public documents for distribution wna 3.0,350\ and
their weight was 467,<62 pounds. Printed speeches
folded for members to frank, 6,554 500, which are esti-
mated at one ounce each, 411,oBl pounds ; the one
half of this shows the annual amount of this matter
from the House of Representatives the two past
vears. This does not include the written corre-
spondence of the members or the mail mattci by
them received. No report direct from the Senate i 
received, but by a report from the post office m this,
city it appears that during the year ending June
30,1849:
The number of freo written mail matter sent
was  484,210
The number of free written mail matter
received  819,293
Making  1,303,503
Printed Senate speeches 397,630
Printed Senate documents   170,715
 56S.345
House documents  3,448,250
Total  5,320,098
" The letter postage and pamphlet postage to which
this matter would have been subject, if not franked,
is computed by that report at $792,709.
" It should be recollcctod that the Post Office De-
partment is not only roquired to mail and transport
this matter, often requiring tho hire of additional
coaches and teams, but is also subject to the actual
payment of money contributed entirely by the letter
postage." * ■*  • * •* ^ *■ * ^
"It rests entirely in the wisdom of Con gross to decide
whether this frankmg by its members is a valuable
public service proper to continue; and it is not
intended to make any romark on that topic. Were
itaboUshed there would probably be very much less
of such matter printed; but the postage on tho
remainder, together with thaton the correspondence
of the members and the relief of the expenso of the
transportation and delivery of this franked matter,
would enable the Department to sustain itself, though
the postage were materially reduced on letters. But
if Congresscontinue this franking, as a valuable pub-
lic service, it is but just and proper that the letter
correspondence, by a reduction on its postage, bo
relieved from its support, and that provision be mado
therefor in the same manner that other branches
of public service are sustained."
Postmaster General Ilal], in his report for
the year 1851, said i
"A carefully prepared report from William A.
Bradley, esq., postmaster of this city, and which is
hereto annexed, estimates that tho free letters and
other free matter sent from and received at his office
for the two >eais ending on the 1st day of July last,
if chargeable with postage at the rates then in force,
would have yielded the amount, of $4,240,820, in addi-
tion to the actual revenue of this Depaitmcnt; and
that if charged with postage nt the present rates the
amount would have been $1,795,920."
This was in the year 1851, nnd the whole
postal revenues of that year did not exceed
$6,410,(504. He says further:
" It will be remembered that this docs not include
the freo letters and other free matter sent from or
received at other offices, and that daring these years
(between the years in which there is a presidential
election) the free matter sent from the washington
post ofiice is much less than in tho year when that
election occurs. Nor does it include the freo circu-
lation of weekly newspapers in tho counties of their
publication, nor the freo circulation of newspapers,
magazines, and other periodicals by way of exchange
between publishers. If all the free matter now car-
ried m the mails were charged with postage, even at
the present rates, from one to two million dollars,
would be added annually to our receipts from post-
ages.'5
The communication of the postmaster of
Washington referred to in the foregoing extract
from the annual report of Postmaster General
N. K. Hall, for the year 1851, is as follows:
Post Office.
Washington City, July 11,1851.
Sin: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of your favor of 10th ultimo, asking replies to seven
interrogatories contained therein, in order that you
may know the amount of free matter which passed
through this office from 1st July, 1849, to 1st instant,
and tho amount of postage which would have been
chargeable thereon if placed on the footing of indi-
vidual correspondence, i find some difficulty in
answering these interrogatories separately, and in
separating with accuracy printed from manuscript
matter, as all official letters and parcels, except news-
pa pers, received at and sent from this office are sealed
up or placed in envelopes. I have, however, aided by
some of my most experienced clerks, given the whole
subject a careful investigation, and beg to submit the
following as the result:
Tho aggregate number of free letters and parcels
received at this office for disti ibution and transmis-
sion, for two year* ending 1st instant, from the Sen-
ate and House of Representatives was 0,643,479
In pounds weight   l.Sofj.OOO
The number of free newspapers  ooH.uyO
Weight   <>2.b00
The number of free letters and parcels received
during same period from the Senate and ilouse
of Representatives and the Executive Departments
wa5  2,155,1i>9
weSht'.::;';....:   
The number sent from this office from executive
offices of the General Government was 1,21J.51l
Weight      000
Aggregate number of free letters, pa-^-
ing through this office 
Weight (pounds)     2,b82,000
or about 1,200 tons of 2,240 pounds.
"Congressional" free matter being invariably sealed
up or placed in envelopes, would be, according to
the Post Office laws and regulations, properly esti-
mated as subject to letter postage. Bat as it is well
known that a great proportion of it is printed mat-
ter, I have assumedtwo thirds as such, and have esti-
mated accordingly.
452,000 pounds is estimated, amounting to...$l,084,000'
Two thirds, or 904,000 pounds printed mat-
ter *    144,640
On newspapers  ■ 4,500
Free letters received, 803,200 pounds   1,939,680
Pree letters sent, 445,000 pounds  1,068,000
Amount for two years $4,240,820
Amount for one year $2,120,410
The foregoing estimates have been madeunderthe
late rates of postage, not including the high rates for
Oregon and California.
Under the present law the amount of postage, if
prepaid, on the same quantity of free matter, would
be, for two years, $1,795,920, or, per annum, $892,960.
Judging from the past it may be safely inferred that
there will be a considerable increase hereafter.
* * * ^ * * * * * *
I have the honor to be, with great respect, your
obedient servant,
W. A. BRADLEY, Postmaster.
Hon. N. K. Hall, Postmaster General.
Postmaster General Campbell, in his annual
report for the year 1855 on this subject, said :
" When regarding the deficiency in thePost Office
revenue, there are two matters which stand promi-
nently out and demand our consideration; and the
first is the franking privilege. When the subject of
the reduction of postage was before the British Par-
liament it was discovered that out of the number
of sixty-two or sixty-four million letters which
passed annually through tho general post office of
that country, seven millions, or about a ninth part
of the whole, were franked, and this under a frank-
ing privilege which limited members of Parliament
to ten letters or packets to be sent and fifteen to bo
received each day. When the act of Parliament of
1840 was passed reducing the rates of postage to tho
uniform rate of one penny, one of its provisions
abolished tho franking privilege, petitions to Par-
liament and parliamentary documents only being
allowed to go free."
In this our Congress differed from the Brit-
ish Parliament. Congress reduced the postage
in 1851, I think, but neglected at that time to
abolish the franking privilege. That was a
reduction from the previous high rates to a
uniform postage, under three thousaud miles,
of but three cents. That reduction I hold to
be as great as that made in Great Britain—a re-
duction of from five and ten cents previously
to three cents, under three thousand miles. Jn
18G3, I think, that discrimination against the
distance of three thousand miles was finally
abolished, and a uniform postage of three cents
throughout all the United States, without refer-
ence to distance, was finally adopted.
Postmaster General Campbell said further;
"The high rates of postage in that country pre-
vious to the passage of the act of 1810 caused >the
franking privilege to be very much abused, and no
vigilance could guard against its being mostextens-
ively used as a vehicle for private correspondence.
It is, 1 think, to be deeply regretted that on the pas-
sage of the act of 1851 similar provisions wore not
incorporated into that act. In a country so wide and
extended as ours it would be almost impossible to
ascertain with any degree of certainty how many
millions of letters passed through our mails, or what
number were franked. In an account kept at the
Washington city post office during tho month of
January, 1854, it was found thero were franked by
members of Congress during that month 77,727 let-
ters and public documents, which weighed 693.508
pounds. The weight of letters and documents franked
at the Departments amounted to 7,0&3 pounds. During
the same month the weight of newspapers sent free
from this office amounted to 111,002 pound;. The
amount for this month can be safely taken as show-
ing less than a fair average estimate for the whole
year; but the postage, if collected at the prepaid
rates on that amount of mail matter, would be
$1,468,880.
44 The letters and documents franked by members
of Congress when absent from the seat of Govern-
ment have not been estimated, but the number must
be very considerable. Two hundred and ninety-six
Senators and members and seven Delegates, enjoy
this privilege; and, by the construction given to the
various acts on this subject the franking privilege
of'a member and Senator-elect commences from the
4th of March previous to the first Monday of Decem-
ber, when the Congress to which he has been ejected
shall assemble. The Senators and members whose
terms have expired continue to exercise thi® priv-
ilege until the next Congress assembles; so that be-
tween March and December of the presentyear four
hundred and nine Senators and members and Dele-
gates were using the franking privilege w every part
of the country. If the letters and documents thus
franked were limited to the public sen ice the evil
