1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2367
If there is any such better mode it is that
proposed by those who advocate the construc-
tion of a ship-canal around Niagara Falls, in
conjunction with an expected enlargement by
the Canadian Government of the canals built
to pass vessels around the obstructed parts of
the St. Lawrence river. The improvement of
this foreign route offers the one alternative we
have as against the perfecting of the Erie and
Oswego canals.
TIIE CANADIAN1 VERSUS THE AMERICAN ROUTE.
The question to consider, then, is that between
the better development of the St. Lawrence
passage from Lake Erie to the ocean and the
improvement of the Erie canal. The one is a
foreign channel; the other an American one.
The one diverges at a little distance from the
boundary line between American and British
territory to traverse the latter; the other lies
throughout its length within the domain of the
Union. The one is subject to the authority,
governed by the laws, and commanded by the
fortifications of an alien and sometimes hostile
Power; the other is our own to control and our
own to use in peace or war. Trade following
the one yieldsits commercial benefits to another
people, contributes to the prosperous growth
of another nation, and gratuitously gives wealth,
influence, and importance to cities which are
in rivalry with the ports of our own sea-board ;
retained in the other, this trade of the West
yields everywhere in its course gain to Ameri-
can capital, employment to American industry,
invigoration to American enterprise. All our
natural leanings, then, by instinct and from
policy alike, must be toward the improvement
of the Erie and Oswego canal routes as against
that of the St. Lawrence river, and the com-
mercial advantages offered by the latter supe-
rior to the former must be very great indeed
to persuade an American Congress that it should
be preferred in the adoption of measures for
facilitating western commerce.
NEW YORK CITY AS THE "OBJECTIVE POINT."
But are such superior advantages offered in
any degree by the St. Lawrence route? Unhesi-
tatingly I say no. I go further, and affirm that
tne advantages are every way vastly on the side
of the New York route, and that the great men
who initiated the construction of the Erie
canal saw rightly that, anomalous as the fact
may seem in its statement, they were creating
an artificial channel to furnish the natural
outlet for the products of the lake region and
the West. That the Erie canal is that natural
outlet; that the trade seeking it is not arbi-
trarily thrust aside from its proper course by
the obstruction of the Falls of Niagara, and
that the St. Lawrence river cannot, with every
obstacle removed, be made to serve the pur-
poses and answer the need of the West, are
conclusions which I ground upon this commer-
cial fact:
That the chief communication of the West
is and must be with New York city ;
That it must have cheap and convenient
access, not to the sea-board merely, but to that
point on the sea-board which is the focus of
American trade and the central seat upon our
side of the globe of the general organization
of commerce.
This dominant fact, it seems to me, is not
sufficiently recognized and borne in mind,
although every merchant is constantly con-
fronted by it in his experience and finds it
practically imperative. Commerce upon the
large scale must of necessity be organized into
agrand system, the main characteristic of which
is the establishment of points of concentra-
tion, where smaller currents run together into
great ones ; where the inflow and the outflow
may be regulated by a common reservoir ;
where the balance of exchange between every
exchanging point may be adjusted in the
largest sum totals, and therefore most con-
stantly and to the best advantage ; where cap-
ital aggregates; where all the facilities and
accommodations, the agencies, the vehicles,
and the economical machinery of commerce
are extensively assembled and provided. For
us New York city is that point of concentra-
tion, and we are compelled by an exigency
which overcomes both geography and topog-
raphy to plan our arrangements for traffic in
the main with reference to it. Advantages of
distance are overweighed by the more import-
ant advantages which it combines in its wide
organization of the vehicles of exchange.
Transported to New York, the varied pro-
ducts of the West meet there all that there is of
demand from the four quarters of the globe
which they can supply. They find there the
congregated ships of every commercial nation
destined to every port on every sea and want-
ing cargoes for their voyage. There, too, they
find merchants whose traffic is with every peo-
ple and whose ventures are to every land
between the poles. It is there, in fact, and
there alone that every available market in the
wide world becomes accessible to them. At
other ports they are placed, perhaps, in spe-
cially favorable circumstances of communica-
tion with a few sources of demand ; at New
York they command them all.
So, too, in the matter of buying as well as
selling. To the merchant of the interior New
York is the great emporium. Perhaps Boston
may supply him with one line of goods, and
Philadelphia with another, and Baltimore with
another, on terms of superior advantage; but
New York offers the most to invite his custom,
and unless his 'transactions are considerably
large in detail, he will go there for the total
purchase of his stock.
I am sure, then, that I have stated a fact in
saying that New York city must be what we
may properly call " the objective point" of any
undertaking to improve andcheapen the trans-
portation of freight between our lakes and the
sea-board, if the main interests and ^equire-
mentsof the Northwestare consulted, and that
nothing can answer the demands of the case
which does not provide the best attainable route
for commerce to and from the great metrop-
olis of trade.
THE COMMERCIAL SOVEREIGNTY OF NEW YORK AX
ABSOLUTE ONE.
But it may be imagined that the centrali-
zation of commerce at New York has grown
out of adventitious circumstances, and that a
change of circumstance may shift it, in some
large measure at least, to another point. That
is a mistake. Looking only at the map, with
no deeper study of the geographical situation,
one may readily conclude that if there had
been no political separation of the St. Law-
rence river from these States, the original
development of the North American interior
would have been on that line ; that if Canada
had joined the other colonies in independence
and union the Erie canal would never have
been built; that the barrier of Niagara Falls
would have been broken, instead, to begin with,
the rapids of the lower river evaded, and Mon-
treal instead of New York made the central
seat of American commerce. We hear this
opinion in fact very frequently affirmed. But
they who express it must have forgotten the
fact that navigation at Montreal is open but
seven months in the year at the most. Do you
conceive that the great organized system of
commerce—1 mean that world-wide system of ,
which New York is one of the grand collecting
and distributing centers—■is so elastic that it
can shift its headquarters with the seasons, and
make one port lis summer metropolis and
another port its winter metropolis ? The very
idea is absurd, and we perceive at once that no
circumstance short of a change in the climate
of the continent could ever have created or
can ever call into existence on the St. Law-
rence a oily ranking higher than among the
provincial capitals of trade. If the waters of
Lake Erie and Lake Ontario were flowing
together like those of their sister lakes, upon
an even level, with an unobstructed current,
and if the St. Lawrence had cut its passage to
the oeean as deep as the keel of the' Great
Eastern,- New York would still have been what
it is, and Montreal something more, perhaps,
than she has become, but not much.
Not only is commerce at the latter suspended
for nearly half the year, but the St. Lawrence
passage into the Atlantic is one seldom safe
during the navigable season, and often of deadly
peril. Strong currents, masses of ice, and dense
fogs almost perpetually-brooding over the gulf
where the warm stream flowing np from the
tropics meets the cold waters from the poles,
surround its navigation with dangers.
SECONDARY IMPORTANCE OF THE EUROPEAN MARKET
FOE WESTERN PRODUCE.
But if these were not the facts it would still
remain no less certain that the St. Lawrence
river cannot be the avenue to the ocean which
the West will most employ and which it most
needs to have improved. Our export to Eu-
rope of the chief products of the West is small
in comparison with the aggregate surplus moved
eastward, and the importance of England as a
mart for grain produced on this continent is
greatly overrated. As Mr. Hatch remarks :
"Milwaukee and Chicago alone often send off in ten
days more grain and flour than England takes from
us in avear, reckoning the average of the last twenty
years."
The same is true to an even greater extent
of the shipment of provisions, of lumber, and
of most of the other products of the region
whose trade we are considering. It is not in
Europe, but in New England, in the southern
Atlantic States, in the West Indies, and in
South America that the great bulk of western
produce shipped to the eastern sea-board finds
its consumption, and the route of chief import-
ance to western trade is that which leads most
directly to those markets. Certainly the St.
Lawrence is not that route. If you look again
at the map, with this view in mind, you will at
once see that it forms aline so disadvantageous
for the distribution of the products of the
interior along our sea-board that, however per-
fect in point of navigation it might have been,
a shorter cut to the Atlantic from Lake Erie •
would still have been of imperative necessity and
inevitable. You will see, too, that the position
of New York city in the angle which the coast
line forms at the jutting out of the New England
promontory, and in the latitude of middle tem-
perature, is so admirably convenient in its
relation to the whole Atlantic line of coast that
we may be sure the suffrages of our own sea-
board had more than aught else to do with
making it the grand center of American traffic
and the chief depot of shipping for this con-
tinent.
THE AMBITION OF A FEW,LAKE CITIES NOT THE INTER-
EST 01? THE NORTHWEST.
New York, then, as I hope I have satisfac-
torily shown, is by nature and not as the result
of arbitrary circumstances, the commanding
metropolis of commerce with'which the North-
west requires to be placed in communication
by the cheapest and most convenient channel
of transportation that is attainable. An im-
proved route to Liverpool will serve only one
of the very least among the wants of that great
region. It may gratify the ambition andit may
advance in some degree the importance of
Chicago, Milwaukee, and Detroit, to send out
vessels direct from their wharves to European
docks with unbroken cargoes; but of what
advantage is that to the Northwest at large
compared with the advantage of cheapened
freight for the hundredfold greater bulk of
produce which must seek its market at New
York citvand in NewEngland ? Tell me which
speaks loudest in the clamor for an enlarged
outlet to Europe through the St. Lawrence, in
neglect of other channels, the ambition 01 <x
few lake-port cities or the interest of the pro-
ducing millions in the great Northwest? When
corn and wheat are taken from iNew loik to
Liverpool for nothing, as they have been some-
times in- late years in lieu of ballast, how much
are the wheat*growers of Wisconsin and the
