1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1423
OltDEll OF BUSINESS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill (S. No.
201) to encourage and promote the interna-
tional industrial exhibition, to be held in Wash-
ington city in the year 1871, is before the Sen-
ate as the unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that that bill and
all prior orders be postponed, aud that the bill
iS No. 39t>) granting lands to aid in the con-
struction ot' a railroad and telegraph line i'roin
Portland to Astoria and McMinnville, in the
State of Oregon, be taken up. If the bill be
taken up I will then give way informally a short
time for the consideration of other business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Oregon moves to postpone until Friday next,
at one o'clock, the bill for an international
exhibition in the city of Washington.
The motion was agreed to.
j. vf. Nicnoi.s.
Mr. ABBOTT. I ask the Senator from Ore-
eon to allow me to call up Senate bill No. 400.
Mr. WILLIAMS. If that bill gives rise to
no debate, I am willing that it should be passed
without discussion. If it does give rise to de-
bate, I shall insist upon going on with the reg-
ular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be taken
up subject to the demand for the regular order,
which is the bill in which the Senator from [
Oregon is interested.
Mr. ABBOTT. I send the report to the
Clerk to be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
North Carolina asks unanimous consent to pass
over the regular order informally and take up
Senate bill No. 400. It is so ordered, there
being no objection.
The bill (S. No. 400) for the relief of Major
J. W. Nichols, paymaster United States Army,
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill provides for the payment to Major J.
W. Nichols, paymaster United States Army,
of $4,500 erroneously charged to and paid by
him in the settlement of his accounts.
Mr. ABBOTT. I send to the desk the report
of the Committee on Military Affairs in this
case, to be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
" The facts in this case are stated as follows:
"Lieutenant Colonel J. W. Nichols, paymaster,
received an order from Major Fry, paymaster in
charge of the district, to pay troops in the 'Army of
the Potomac;' that he drew by check from the Treas-
ury Department the sum of $131,500, receiving the
money in.packages running from $500to $60,000, the
$60,000 package being composed of various smaller
packages; that owing to the necessity of starting
immediately for the front he was unable to count the
money, and that on arriving at the front he at once
commenced paying, so that he did not balance his
account until he returned to Washington four days
from the date of his departure, when he found a
deficitof exactly 84,500. This fact he at once reported
to his superior officer, and subsequently made good
the deficit. Major Nichols alleges, that in his belief
there was a mistake in the connt at the Treasury
Department, and asks he be reimbursed by act of
Congress. There is abundant testimony as to the
good character of Major Nichols, and he has for six
years since that time faithfully performed his duties
aS"PT^elcommittee therefore recommend the passage
of the bill."
Mr. HOWE. I know nothing of that mat-
ter except what I gather from hearing the
report read. There does not seem to be any
evidence in the world that there has been a
mistake. The committee say, as I understand
the report, that the paymaster thinkB there was
& nnst&k©
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to the Sena-
tor that I looked over these papers very care-
fully. There is a report among the papers
from General Brice, and quite a number of
documents, showing clearly that the Depart-
ment were satisfied that there was a mistake
in making up these packages.
Mr. HOWE. This money was drawn from
the Treasury.
Mr. SHERMAN. Drawn from the Treas-
ury, but the amount was mistaken.
Mr. HOWE. If it was drawn from the Treas-
ury and the mistake was made in the Treasury,
would not the Treasurer's accounts show the
mistakes indubitably ?
Mr. SHERMAN. They have made a most
careful examination. If the Senator will just
take the papers and look over them I think he
will be perfectly satisfied that here was a clear
mistake made at the Treasury Department in
the amount of money handed to Major Nichols.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator is familiar with
the tuanuer in which accounts are kept in the
Treasury, and I nsk him if there was a mistake
in paying the check would not the accounts ot
the Treasury show it?
Mr. SHERMAN. They might.
Mr. ABBOTT. I would say to the Senator
from Wisconsin that there is evidence in these
papers that mistakes were not uncommon at the
Treasury Department during the war. There
is one instance where a paymaster was under-
paid $1,500 in counting up the packages, and
another instance where the clerk overpaid a
paymaster $10,000, which the paymaster after-
ward rectified. In the hurry of those times, in
counting out money, these mistakes occurred.
I have all the papers here ; the statement of
Paymaster Nichols himself, the statement of
General Brice, the Paymaster General; and
all the authorities unite in recommending the
refunding of this money.
Mr. HOWE. 1 dare say I should be de-
lighted to have the money repaid myself, if
Mr. Nichols is a clever fellow, as the report
says he is. The question is, however, where
the mistake was. Is there anything from the
Treasurer of the United States on the subject?
Mr. ABBOTT. No, sir; but the evidence
; is conclusive that nobody had anything to do
i with the paymaster's box but himself; nobody :
; paid out one cent of money from that box but ;
himself. That testimony is perfectly conclu- <
sive to my mind. ij
Mr. SHERMAN. The testimony is of him-
self and his clerk.
Mr. HOWE. Allow me to inquire how :j
much of this one hundred and thirty odd thou- !
sand dollars was disbursed before the pay mas- ij
ter returned to Washington ? 1
Mr. ABBOTT. About thirty-one thousand :
dollars. He made a brief payment and came ,
directly back to Washington in consequence !
of a movement of the Army. Here is this sig- I
nificant fact, that amounted to exactly $4,500, [
there being packages of money which were
$2,000 and some which were $500. j
Mr. HOWE. I suppose if there had been a I
discrepancy at all it would have amounted to
exactly some sum. j
Mr. ABBOTT. But if it had been a dis-
crepancy it would have been likely to be an
irregular sum. In paying it out it would not
have been exactly $4,500.
Mr. HOWE. I will not interpose any objec-
tion; I only say it Beems to me to be intro-
ducing a new principle to vote money out of
the Treasury simply upon the statement of the
party claiming it that he thinks there is a mis-
tdlc6*
Mr. ABBOTT. If the Senator desires to
examine these papers I will put them in his
hands, and I presume he will be as well satis-
fied as I am.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
Dftssdd over.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I call for the regular order.
NEBRASKA—FIFTEENTH AMENDMENT.
Mr. TIPTON. Mr, President, I rise to a
privileged question. I discover from the Globe
that a dispatch was presented here yesterday
morning by a Senator from Massachusetts, from
the Governor of Nebraska, relative to a legis-
lative act of the State of Nebraska. I am not
willing to admit that it is before the Senate
according to parliamentary courtesy until pre-
sented by a Senator from the State of Ne-
braska. I therefore desire to ask whether my
colleague has official information relative to
the ratification of the fifteenth amendment by
the Legislature of our State?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair doubts
whether that is a privileged question ; but if
the Senator from Oregon yields the Chair will
recognize the Senator from Nebraska on the
right.
Mr. THAYER. I will state that yesterday
morning after the commencement of the ses-
sion I was called out for a few moments into
the marble room by one of my constituents,
and on my return I found a dispatch lying on
my desk from the Governor of Nebraska, an-
nouncing the ratification of the fifteenth amend-
ment. I found also that during the few moments
I had been absent a similar dispatch had been
sent to the desk by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts. I suppose in the absence of this
statement it might perhaps appear that the
Governor had communicated with the Senator
from Massachusetts only, whereas the fact was
that he sent his dispatch to Senators here ; and
if he had supposed or expected it would be read
from the desk I presume he would have ex-
pected the Senators from Nebraska to be the
organ of carrying out his wishes.
PORTLAND AND ASTOIUA RAILROAD.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask that we proceed
with bill No. 396, the regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
question is on the motion of the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Thurman,] to recommit this bill (S.
No. 896) granting lands to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad and telelegraph line from
Portland to Astoria, and McMinnville, in the
State of Oregon, to the Committee on Public
Lands, with instructions to strike out all that
relates to grants of land, except as to the right
: of way; on which the Senator from Ohio is
; entitled to the floor.
Mr. THURM AN addressed the Senate. [His
;] speech will be published in the Appendix. J
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, lam some-
what surprised that my friend from Ohio, in
i; making his assault upon land monopolies,
1 should have selected out railroad corporations
! as the point of attack. I undertake to say that
1 but for railroad grants and the homestead law
of 1862, your preemption laws, under your
other legislation, to which I am about to refer,
would have given no homes to the homeless,
would have given no land to the landless, but
would have placed your entire lands, bo far as
settlements should have advanced west, in the
hands of speculators; and to this I call special
attention, and I propose to show that through
these railroad grants lands have been secured
to settlers, and that they have been for the last
twenty years the principal agents by which set-
tlers havegotafoothold upon the public domain
at all. Those desiring to find homes do not
complain of these railroad grants. This is a
serious subject, and 1 call the special attention
of the Senate to the disposition that has been
made of our public lands. The one great sys-
tem which has done more barm than all other
acts, by operating to consolidate large bodies
of land in the hands of a few people, is what
is known as the military bounty-land warrant
system. It was provided for in four several
acts—one in 1847, one in 1850, one in 1852, and
one in 1855. .
Let me call the attention of the Senate to
those laws. Under them 56,124,690 acres of
land have been taken, and there are outstand-
ing warrants for 3,865,880 acres. Now, let
me explain in a word how this has been used.
The warrants were first issued to be entered
by the soldier himself or his heir, and could
not be entered by anybody else. By the next
act they could be entered by a power of attor-
ney. By the third act they were made assign-
able, and they could be located on lands subject
to private entry by the assignee. U nder the
preemption laws you are aware that at a cer-
tain time after they are surveyed your lands are
offered at auction. It has been the practice in
administering those laws for the President to
offer all the land that is surveyed in a State
for sale at auction. Of course there are never
