1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3311
Appropriations first, unless the amendment
proposed to be offered is an amendment to an
amendment reported by the Committee on
Appropriations. If the latter be the case, now
is I lie time to offer it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. After we have
gone through with the amendments of the
Committee on Appropriations the Senator can
offer his proposition.
Mr. DRAKE. I do not wish to interfere
with the general practice of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The read-
ing will proceed.
The next amendment was in the appropria-
tions for the Navy Department, line twelve
hundred and nineteen, to strike out " §2,200"
and insert "$2,500;" so as to read, "for
compensation of the chief clerk of the Navy
Departmeut, $2,500," &c.
Mr. SPENCER. I inquire of the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations the rea-
son for that amendment, making the compen-
sation of the chief clerk of the Navy Depart-
ment $2,500? The chief clerks of all the other
Departments are paid $2,200 a year salary.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The reason of
that is that there is no Assistant Secretary of
the Navy. I propose to amend that clause,
and as ray attention is called to it, with the
permission of the Senate, I will do it now. I
propose to ameud hy inserting after the word
"dollars" the words "when there is no
Assistant Secretary;" so as to read, " for com-
pensation of the chief clerk'of the Navy De-
partment. at $2,500 when there is no Assistant
Secretary.''
Mr. SPENCER. I wish to inquire further
when there is no Assistant Secretary who is the
chief clerk under?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Under the par-
ticular direction of the Secretary.
Mr. SPENCER. I inquire what duty Vice
Admiral Porter, at a salary of $6,000 a year,
is assigned to in the Navy Department—a sal-
ary much larger, I believe, than that of any
Assistant Secretary 1
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The chairman
is not well informed about the duties of the
admiral. I suppose, perhaps, the Committee
on Nava! Affairs can give the information.
Mr. SPENCER. It strikes me that the
amendment is improper.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is first on agreeing to the amendment rec-
ommended by the Committee on Appropria-
tions, striking out $2,200 and inserting $2,500.
After that amendment the amendment of the
Senator from Maine will be in order. The
question now is on agreeing to the amendment
reported by the committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall ask for a division
on that question. I ask the Senator from
Maine if there is now an Assistant Secretary
of War?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. X think not.
Mr. SHERMAN, The reason why there is
not an Assistant Secretary of War,or of the
Navy is that there are heads of bureaus in the
War and Navy Departments with much higher
paj^and much higher relative rank than any
oflicersin any ofthe-otber.Departments. There
is no occasion, therefore, for giving to the
heads of the War and Navy Departments the
Same amount of superior intellectual ability
surrounding them as assistants, as there is in
the Treasury Department and in other Depart-1,
ments of the Government. If you raise the
pay of the chief clerk of the Navy Department
to $2,500 you cannot refuse to do it, certainly,
to the chief clerk of the Treasury Department,
duties are infinitely more responsible,
fhe Navy Department is a regular machine,
With very little to do except in the ordinary
routine of business. Indeed, I think the Sec-
retary of the Navy could be dispensed with ;
J? n* ^as ')een Suggested by high officers of
the Government that one officer could properly
discharge the duties of Secretary of War and
Secretary of the Navy, since the chief duties
of those two Department* are discharged by
high officers of the Army and Navy. For
instance, the head of the quartermaster's de-
partment is now a major general, and will be
a brigadier general in the regular Army after
the reduction. So of the other officers who are
heads of bureaus both in the War and Navy
Departments. There is no such occasion,
therefore, for any such superior ability sur-
rounding the Secretary of the Navy asinother
Departments. I believe during the last sum-
mer the Navy Department ran along very well
under the charge of the Admiral, without moeii
supervision by the Secretary. It is very clear,
therefore, that there ought not to be any in-
crease of the pay of the chief clerk of the Navy
Department unless it is extended to other
Departments.
Mr. COLE. I hope the recommendation
of the Committee on Appropriations will be
adhered to in this.instauce. As has appeared
from the debate already, there is.no Assistant
Secretary of the Navy, and the chief clerk
performs the service that is usually performed
by an Assistant Secretary. The Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Sherman] speaks of the Assistant
Secretary of the Treasury. He receives a sal-
ary of $3,500, and I believe there is more than
one Assistant Secretary of the Treasury .; there
have been more than one, certainty. But tfaia
officer, the chief clerk in the Navy Depart-
ment, performs similar service, as much service,
I will say, as is performed by an Assistant
Secretary in any one of the other Depart-
ments. "The laborer is worthy of his hire."
This is a very efficient officer, as I am informed,
and as the Committee on Appropriations, in
fact, are informed, and his duties are very
arduous. I hope, there will be no discrim-
ination of this kind against him, and no at-
tempt to reduce the recommendation: of the
committee. Indeed, I would rather see his sal-
ary put upon a par with the salaries of the
other officers who perform the same service in
other Departments. In nearly all the other
Departments, for example, in the Interior De-
partment as well aa in the Treasury Depart-
ment and in the Post Office.Department, there
are assistants to the head of the Department,
and they receive invariably larger salaries than
is accorded by the amendment here , to the
chief clerk of the Navy Department, who per-
forms the duties of an Assistant Secretary.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Assistant Secretary
of the Navy proper gets about seven thousand
dollars a year. What is the pay of a commo-
dore of the Navy? I think it is about six
thousand dollars.
Mr. ANTHONY. He gets his regular pay,
not as Assistant Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the effect of it.
Mr. COLE. The officer referred to may be
on duty here, or on ship-board, or at some
navy-yard, and draws a large salary, a larger
salary in proportion than is awarded to these
civil officers; but that does not alter the fact
in this cas# This man does perform the ser-
vice that is usually performed by an Assistant*
Secretary, and be should receive at least the
small addition to his regular salary that is rec-
ommended by the committee. I hope it will
be adhered to by the Senate.
Mr. CRAGIN. I rise to concur in the re-
marks made by the Senator from California.
I know from personal observation, almost daily
observation, that this officer is perhaps more
overworked than any other similar officer in
the city of Washington. Ip Match, 1869, we
passed an act abolishing the office of Assistant
Secretary of the Navy, and also reducing very
largely the clerical force in the Navy Depart-
ment, and the result has been to throw greatly
increased labors upon the chief clerk, Mr. Off-
ley. I have been there early in the morning,
and at night, and have found him there at
work. I know personally that he has been
once during this session made Mick and obliged
to leave the office in consequence of this over-
work. He is a very valuable, very efficient,
and competent officer. Not only do I hope
that this amendment will be adopted, but I
have on my desk another amendment which
has been agreed upon by the Committee on
Naval Affairs, which I shall offer at the proper
time.
Mr. SHERMAN. What is that?
Mr. CRAGIN. Giving him for past services
some portion of the salary which was appro-
priated for the Assistant Secretary, and not
d rawn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We have gained very
little by our legislation since the war in abolish-
ing the extra officers who were created in con-
sequence of the war, if we are now to pay,
under another name, the same salaries that we
paid to Assistant Secretaries. There was no
such thing known before the war as an Assist-
ant Secretary of the Navy or an Assistant Sec-
retary of War. Those offices were created in
consequence of the great amount of business
thrown upon those Departments during the
war. After the war was over, Congress very
properly abolished the offices ; and now it is
proposed under another name to pay some-
body else the same salary that was paid to au
Assistant Secretary. .
Mr. DRAKE. I hope the Senator will allow
himself to be corrected.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. DRAKE. The Assistant Secretary of
the Navy received a salary of $3,500, the chief
clerk at the same time getting $2,000. Now
the assistant secretaryship is abolished, and
the proposition is to add $500 to the salary of
the chief clerk. The consequence is that the
expense will be $2,500 for salary to the chief
clerk, but it is $3,000 less than it was before.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not $3,000 less than
the Assistant Secretary had.
Mr., DRAKE. No, sir; $3,000 less than it
was when there was an Assistant Secretary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Than the two had. In
other words, we have reduced the compensa-
tion of the officers of the Navy Department
$3,000 since the close of this great war. We
ought to have reduced it more than $300,000.
Mr. CRAGIN. It has been reduced more
than that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope we have reduced
it much more; bat in this instance it would
seem- to be $3,000. Why, sir, we ought to go
back to the old peace establishment, and so far
from increasing the salaries of these officers
because we have disposed of the extra officers
who were appointed when there was perhaps
forty times as much business in the Navy De-
partment as there is now, we should put them
all back to the position that they occupied before
the war. I see no sort of propriety in increasing
the salary of this officer; and as has been justly
said, if you do it in one Department you must
do it in the others. Now, I believe we have
got no Assistant Secretary of War. At one
time we had two Assistant Secretaries of War.
I think they have both been abolished. If they
have not been they ought to be.
I trust that this amendment of the commit-
tee will not prevail. If we inteud to econo-
mize, as seems to be the proclaimed doctrine
now-a-days, we shall not accomplish it by in-
creasing the salaries of these officers. This
may be a very valuable person—I know not
how that is—but that is no reason for raising
the salary of the office, because it happens to
be filled at this time by a very valuable incum-
bent.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President^ I think that
whether , the increase of a salary is right or not
in the Senate depends very much upon where
the increase happens to light. Here upon the
desks of all Senators iB an amendment to be
offered by the Senator from Illinois to this bill
increasing the compensation of all the female
clerks in the Departments $800 apiece at least,
and perhaps more. Hundreds of them are to
get this increase of $300 or more apiece. But
now when there is a request made to give one
most meritorious officer, worked nearly to
