5200
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
July 5,
have refunded to him the cost of two Tice
meters purchased by him, but never used.
By Mr. AXTELL: A petition of numerous
wholesale dealers and importers of wines and
liquors in Stockton and San Francisco, Cali-
fornia, praying that all distilled spirits pay
taxes at the place of distillation.
By Mr. 'CLARKE, of Kansas: The remon-
strance of Sheperd& McQuestion and others,
bankers and merchants, against the funding
bill.
Also, the petition of Jacob II. Turner and
others, for the removal of the Osage Indians.
Also, the petition of William H. Dugger and
others, for the abolition of the duty upon tea
and coffee, and a reduction of tax on sugar
and molasses.
By Mr. DEGENER : The petition of Grem-
singer & Monier, of San Antonio, Texas, for
protection against Indians.
Also, the petition of G. W. & John Chap-
man, of Lasalie county, Texas, for the same.
Also, the petition of Bramlette & Dargharly,
of Frio county, Texas, for the same.
Also, the petition of Lina W. Box, of Hidalgo
county, Texas, for removal of political disabil-
ities.
By Mr. LASH: The petition of J. A, Davis,
of Guilford county, North Carolina, for removal
of disabilities.
Also, petition of M. C. D. Bumpas, a citizen
of Person county, North Carolina, for removal
of disabilities.
By Mr. PORTER: The petition of William
E. Seay, of Amelia county, Virginia, praying
that his legal and political disabilities, imposed
by the fourteenth article of amendments to the
Constitution, be removed.
By Mr. SARGENT: The memorial of the
Pacific Guano Company, with accompanying
papers.
By Mr. SHOBER: Petitions of citizens of
North Carolina, praying for relief from polit-
ical disabilities.
By Mr. TAYLOR: A petition of 8 citizens
of Bucks county, Pennsylvania, in favor of
reduction of duties on tea, coffee, sugar, and
molasses.
By Mr. WILLARD : Replv of William F.
Smith, of the International Ocean Telegraph
Company to the memorial of the Florida Tel-
egraph Company.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, July 5, 1870.
The Senate met at eleven o'clock a. in.
Prayer by Rev. W. H. Boole, of New York.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of yesterday.
DULUTII IIAIlBOit.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the reading
of the Journal be dispensed with, and that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of House
bill No. 763.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to dispensing with the reading
of the Journal? The Chair hears none. The
Senator from Minnesota asks unanimous con-
sent to proceed to the consideration of the
bill indicated by him.
Mr. NYE. Is not the bill I called up yes-
terday morning unfinished business?
Mr. RAMSEY. I beg the Senator not to
interfere.
Mr. NYE. Very well.
Mr. RAMSEY. It is a bill (S. No. 7G3)
granting lands to the State of Minnesota to
aid in the improvement of the harbor at Duluth,
Lake Superior, in said State.
Mr. RAMSEY. If it is taken up I will give
way to the morning business, it desired.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
objection to the present consideration of this
bill?
_ Mr. FENTON. Are not petitions and memo-
rials in order?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Petitions
and memorials are in order ; but the Senator
from Minnesota asks unanimous consent to
proceed to the consideration of the bill indi-
cated by him.
There being no objection, the consideration
of the bill was resumed as in Committee of the
Whole.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I think we
ought to have the yeas and nays on that bill.
I ask for the yeas and nays on its passage.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 24, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Drake, Gil-
bert, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, I-Iarlan, Howe,
Johnston, Kellogg, Lewis, McDonald, Nye, Osborn,
Pomeroy, Ramsey, Rice, Sawyer, Scott, Stewart,
Sumner, Thayer, Warner, and Williams—2-1.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Cragin. Davis, Fenton,
Hamilton of Maryland, Howell, McCreery, Patter-
son, Pratt. Ross, Sherman, Trumbull, Vickers, Wil-
ley, and Wilson—15.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Ames,Boreman,Brown-
low, Buckingham, Camoron, Carpenter, Casserly,
Cattell, Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Edmunds, Perry,
Flanagan, Fowler, Harris, Howard. Morrill of Maine.
Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Norton, Pool, Revels,
Robertson. S aulsbury, Scliurz, Spencer, Sprague,
Stockton, Thurman, Tipton, and Yates—.*>3.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now I ask for the regu-
lar order of business.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the Duluth bill was passed. I
want the motion entered; I do not ask action
on it now.
The PRESIDENT^j-o tempore. The motion
to reconsider will be entered.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 1953) to incorporate the
United States Freehold Land and Immigration
Company, and to confirm certain legislation
in Colorado Territory, was read twice by its
title.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands has examined that bill, and we have
reported one like it, which I think ought to be
passed. I think we had better put this bill on
its passage. This is not our bill, but it is in
our language, though the title is slightly dif-
ferent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Kansas asks unanimous consent that
the Senate now proceed to the consideration
of this bill.
Mr. DRAKE. I prefer to see that bill printed
before we consider it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be printed and laid on the table.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask that an order be
entered relative to the withdrawal of certain
papers.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Petitions
and memorials are in order, and the Senator
from Ohio insists on the regular order.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petition of
J. E. King, of Albemarle county, Virginia,
praying the removal of his political disabil-
ities; which was referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabil-
ities.
Mr. CRAGIN presented the petition of Wil-
liam 0. Sides, praying to be allowed a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. FENTON presented the petition of
Gordon B. Barnes, praying to be allowed a
pension; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
He also presented the memorial of E. B.
Chamberlain, one of the heirs of Joshua
Chamberlain an officer of the revolutionary
war, praying the half pay and bounty land
claimed to be due that officer; which was
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Mr. KELLOGG presented the petition of
Elizabeth M. Ingraham, praying compensation
for property taken from Ashwood planta-
tion," Mississippi, for the use of the Army in
1863; which was referred t.o the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. LEWIS presented the petition of Matilda
Barnett and sisters, ofFredericksburg, Virginia,
praying compensation for property destroyed
by the Army in 1864; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER, it was
Ordered, That John Haley have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers from the files of the Senate.
SOLDIERS' MONUMENT AT LOWELL.
Mr. WILSON. The Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred the joint reso-
lution (II. R. No. 355) granting four pieces of
condemned cannon to the city of Lowell for
the ornamentation of the soldiers' monument
in that place, have instructed me to report it
back without amendment; and I ask that it be
put on its passage now.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution.
Mr. POMEROY. When we first began this
business we said " condemned iron cannon ; "
but now we let them have anything.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Kansas move an amendment?
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
FUNDING BILL.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to postpone all
other business, and proceed to the consideration
of House bill No. 1705.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent during the morning busi-
ness.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I can move to postpone
the morning business. We have no rule pre-
venting that, have we?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. We have.
The Senate did not repeal all rules.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have a report to make.
The Committee on Finance, to whom was re-
ferred the amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives to the bill (S. No. 380) to authorize
the refunding and consolidation of the national
debt, to extend banking facilities, and to estab-
lish specie payments, have instructed me to
report it back to the Senate, and to move that
the Senate disagree to the House amendment
and ask for a conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses. It was up yesterday,
and I trust it will be acted on at once.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion made by the Senator from
Ohio.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Presi-
dent pro tempore was authorized by unani-
mous consent to appoint the conferees on the
part of the Senate.
NATIONAL BANK OMICERS.
Mr. SHERMAN. The same committee, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2000)
to declare the construction of section fifty-five
of an act entitled "An act to provide a national
currency secured by a pledge of United States
bonds, and to provide for the circulation and
redemption thereof," approved June 3, 1864,
and the acts amendatory thereof, and to amend
the same, report it back without amendment.
This is to relievo a manifest ambiguity and
wrong, and as it is very brief I ask that tie bill
be read and passed. It is simply to declare
the_ meaning of the criminal section of the
national banking act.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
objection?
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Illinois
couid not get unanimous consent; how can the
Senator from Ohio?
