1424
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
present purchasers on such an occasion. Then
the Wu d becomes subject to private entry.
This bounty-land scrip, that was intended by
Congress for the soldier originally, was assign ea
at from ten cents up to twenty-live cents per
acre to speculators, awl as soon as your land
became subject to private entry the scrip was
spread over it; and who has received the ben-
efit of it? Not the soldier; because 1m has got
nothing In comparison with what Congress
intended to give him, and there is not one
vestige of improvement to point the finger at.
Nobody bat the speculator has been benefited,
aad he woald do nothing to improve the land,
bat would wait and take advantage of the en-
hanced value of the labor of the pioneer who
settled upon his neighboring one hundred and
sixty acres. Whena pioneer settled on a quar-
ter section the speculators would gather around
him and locate this scrip upon the adjoining
lands. That was working the utter destruc-
tion of your preemption laws at the time of the
inauguration of yoar railroad land-grant sys-
tem ; and 1 will show how that system has ben-
efited the settlers by being a competition to
these enormous frauds. When I say ''frauds,"
I do not use that term in any offensive sense.
The people could buy the scrip; Congress
authorised it; and if they were sharp enough
to locate it properly, nobody could complain
of them, for they did it under the laws ot the
United States; bat I am pointing out where
hardships have come to the settlers, where the
- trouble is, what mistakes have been made in
that respect.
Then there was another law, more odious
still, because founded upon less reason; and
that was the swamp and overflowed land law,
intended to aid the States along the Missis-
sippi river in making their improvements. The
States mismanaged it; the lands fell into the
- hands of speculators ip large bodies as a gen-
eral thing. Under that law over forty-seven
million acres have been already patented, and
I soppoee the whole amount will reach sixty
millions; and it isehoioe land. I saw in the
State of California a tract of thousands and
thousands of acres tint it would have taken
half & day to cross, as pretty land as ever I saw, !
and dry and nice, that had beet) deeded under 1
the swamp and overflowed land law. That has
been very prejudicial to settlers.
Here were two schemes; one involving about
seventy million acres, and the other pro baby
sixty millions, for the return in now snow that
the swamp lands patented amount to forty- '
Neva* millions, and it will probably reach sixty
toillieai acres. Thus probably one hundred and
thirty milfioa aeres are gone in that way into ,;
the hands of consolidated speculators and yon i
■ have nothing to show for it. The Treasury lias j
not been benefitted by it; die levees have not
been built; your soldiers have not been bene-
fited, because you could better pay them twice
the amount they received. They received but
a very small amount for this scrip.
Then there was another scheme, and that
-was the issue of agricultural-college scrip. I
applaud as much as aay one the spirit of that
legislation; but 1 want to call the attention of
the Senate to the use to which it has been put.
Itwas provided that this scrip should be located
upon lands subject te private entry; and where
the States receiving it had no lands subject to
private entry they might locate it in other
Htates. There were about nine aad a half
tmilion acres of this scrip issued, about six and
a half millions of which have been patented.
There are about two and a half millions still
outstanding of this scrip. This was located
precisely the same as the bounty-land war-
rants were, upon lands subject to private entry,
and located in large quantities; and when a
settler went on he foand the land covered by
this scrip.
By these three schemes, probably in the
neighborhood of one hundred and forty mil-
lion acres of laud, and thai, too, picked land,
have been absorbed, lyiag sight« the advance
of civilization aad of the progress of settlers,
taking land from them and putting it up to
large prices.
There have been two systems at war with
these grand schemes. One was the homestead
law of 1862, under which twelve million acres
were given to homestead settlers, and then the
railroad-grant laws. I want to call especial
i attention to the history of these railroad laws,
and how that system has operated to save some
remnants of the original preemption laws.
1 will say in the outset that it will not be
contended that any particular party is responsi-
ble for this railroad policy. It has been fol-
lowed by all parties, and should stand entirely
on its merits. I believe, however, the home-
stead law was a party measure in 1862. That
has worked well. I do not know either that
these scrip transactions were party measures
at all. They appear to have occurred during
all Administrations, and have subverted the
intentions of the homestead law to an alarming
extent; and what there is outstanding of the
scrip entered, which is very little, should be
redeemed by the Government. It snould never
be allowed to be planted in advance of settle-
ment again. You had better pay ten dollars
for one than let speculators block up the cur-
rent of emigration West, as they have done by
this scrip. Yon need not pay it off in money.
What I would recommend would be to let it be
received inpayment for preemption claims and
nothing else. If it haa been provided in the
beginning in regard to the bounty-land warrants
ana the college-land scrip, that it should have
been received for preemptions and nothing else,
and received as money, the good intentions of
the law would have been complied with, and the
country would not have been injured; but taking
one hundred and forty million acres of land,
which is picked out and choice land, in advance
of settlement, haa been a cloud, an incubus on
the progress of this country, and there is noth-
ing to show for it. I do not wonder that there
ia objection to disposing of the public lands in
this way. When that is done there is always
ground for public murmuring, there is always
apprehension. Whan the people see some-
thing wrong going on, when they see lands
falling into the hands of monopolists, they
attribute it sometimes to the wrong cause, as
they have attributed it in this case.
The first railroad grant ever made by the
United States was for the Illinois Central rail-
road on the 20th of September, I860. That
grant was a little over two million and a half
acres of land. What was the situation of that
land when granted? Was it in a situation to
do the settlers any good?
Mr. THURMAN. Wi
ill the Senator allow
me to interrupt him a moment to ask what is
their situation now ?
Mr. STEWART. The land is in the hands
of small farmers. ,
Mr. THURMAN. If my Iriend wishes to
avail himself of that land, he will find that he
will have to buy it at twenty or twenty-five
dollars an acre.
Mr. STEWART. I understand all aboot
that. I shall allude to what thq situation of
that is before I conclude; but right hero I want
to call the attention of the Senate to that por-
tion of the argument of the Senator from Ohio
which urges that we should keep this domain
as a heritage for the future. Was not that
heritage that he described, between here and
the Mississippi, kept for the future from the
foundation of the world ? I thought it was the
business of the American people to open up
the resources of this continent to this age. I
thought it was one of our boasts that our ener-
gies and enterprise would open the fields of
bidden wealth on this continent; that we would
pierce it by railroad, that we woald give labor
to those who needed labor, and that we would
utilize this continent. Look at this hemi-
sphere ; it has been kept through all the period
of history until American enterprise started
forth to subdue the forests, baild roads and
railroads, and applied its energy and its
Bcience and its progress to the development
of this great country, and rescued it from waste
and barbarism. I am in favor of taking such
a course and such a policy as shall not pre
serve this country as a desert for the future,
but I want the present age to realize something
of its grandeur.
The Senator speaks of the enormous rail-
road grants through Arizona, New Mexico,
and Montana. What is the condition of that
! country without railroads? It has been, so
long as the history of man can trace it, trav-
ersed by a few murderous savages. The
Apaches in Arizona never fought a battle in
their lives, but have been assassins traveling
from central Arizona to the city of Mexico in
parties of two and three, and assassinating at
night. They have destroyed civilization for
hundreds and hundreds of miles around them.
Should we preserve that barbarism for the
future? No, let us have development in the
living present.
But I was about to call the especial attention
of the Senate to the situation of the lands in
Illinois when the Illinois Central railroad grant
was made. I am informed that it was almost
impossible to travel over that region of prairie.
There was danger of fire, danger of being lost,
and there was especial danger in the winter
time. Wheat was worth nothing, corn was
worth nothing in that reigon, while a short dis-
tance from it good prices could be commanded.
What did the Illinois Central railroad do for
that country ? The land was granted in alter-
nate sections, which was a very wise idea. It
prevented the consolidation of a large mass
, of land in a compact body, and distributed it,
holding one half open to be disposed of ac-
cording to the laws of the United States. It
rescued that land from the grasp of these other
monopolies that had been allowed to be made
by your legislation. That was prevented to
some extent by the railroad grant; because
when the land was granted it was withdrawn
from market, and there was a strip of country
one half of which at least was rescued from
land scrip of every description. There a set-
tler could go; there the homestead laws and
the preemption laws operated upon the even
sections, at least; and there he could go > and
have a railroad built to his hand, so that he
could have a market, could grow wealthy,
could sell what he raised. There he could
build a home.
It is a fact with regard to the Illinois Central,
i which fact holds good with regard to every
i: other grant, that the pioneers, the settlers fol-
lowed the railroad as they would a stream of
> navigable water. They followed the line of
the Mississippi first, aad when railroads started
into the prairie they followed them, because
they made communication easy and quick with
the outer world; they gave them a market for
their produce, aad they gate them a place to
settle on without encroachment from the grasp-
ing holders of this scrip.
The grant for the Illinois Central railroad
was in 1850, and from that time to this there
have been-variou8 other grants made which are
enumerated in the document before me. At
every session from that time till now more or
lees of these grants have been made, until a
large number of the western States have been
developed with a rapidity that haa astonished
the world. No clamor comes from there. In
the States to which the first grants were made,
like Illinois, the land granted was generally
pretty good. Illinois has had grants of this
Kind to the amoant of 2,596,068 acres, and
they have done her more good than any other
legislation Congress ever enacted for her. The
grants for these purposes for other States have
been, to Mississippi, 2,062,240 acres; to Ala-
bama, 3,729,120 acres; to Louisiana, 2,360,114
acres; to Arkansas, 1 678,720 acres; to Mis-
souri, 3,745,620acres; to Iowa, 7,381,207acres;
and anybodv who doubts the policy of land
grants should look at the prosperity of Iowa,
