112
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
Here was audacious menace, significant hint
to overt treason which was to follow; .here
were the first mutterings of the storm that was
to burst upon the nation amid the convulsions
of civil war. This audacious spirit of bad faith,
usurpation, and oppression, leading an assault
upon popular rights, could not fail to provoke
the intensest hostility in one, the very elements
of whose being made him intolerant of every
species of infidelity, violence, and cruelty.
The effect here of his memorable speech on
that occasion was electric, and contributed, it
may not be doubted, to swell the tide of pop-
ular indignation and resolution of the great
national uprising of 1856, followed in after years
by memorable deeds in arms.
Not aggressive, in spirit, not an advanced
radical reformer even, whatever may be said
of liis constitutional conservatism he was, by
the native simplicity of his tastes, his education
and habits of life, and, better still, by his en-
lightened sense of justice and hatred of wrong,
always the able and fearless advocate of civil
and religious liberty. Eepublican institutions
bad no truer conservator and oppression no
more determined and uncompromising oppo-
nent than William Pitt Fessendent.
From this time forward to the close his
views were given upon most questions of im-
portance, and his influence upon the legislation
and policy of the country during its eventful
struggle of civil war was conspicuous. Internal
revenue, the currency, the banking system,
and finally reconstruction, all received the touch
of his hand and the influence of his genius.
In sentiment Mr. FessENDENwas thoroughly
anti-slaverv. It was his inheritance, and
through life he was faithful to it. In all the
attempts of slavery for recognition and pro-
tection his opposition was inflexible. When
to be anti-slavery was to be anti-American he
was anti-slavery; when his party would com-
promise, he dissented; when repeal was de-,
rnanded in its interest, he protested; when,
later, on the eve of rebellion, conference and
concession were proposed, he would have no
participation in it, and would yield no assent;
and when war came for separation and inde-
pendent slave power, he saw in it the nation's
opportunity ; and that initial measure for uni-
versal emancipation—abolition of slavery in
the uational capitol—had his approval and
support. The abolition of slavery here he
declared was a measure that had ever been dear
to his heart; and later on a kindred question
he said, "I tell the President from my place
here as Senator, and I tell the generals of
the Army, that they must reverse their practice
of returning fugitive slaves who come within
our lines."
The lineaments of Mr. Fessenden's char-
acter were marked and clear. He was endowed
with an acute understanding, lively sensibility,
and intense personality and self-reliance. Pen-
etration and insight eminently characterized his
genius. He was through with his preparatory
course, had graduated from college, studied his
profession and entered upon its practice, and
had gained_ distinction in the departments of
law and legislation at an age when most minds
are just beginning to contemplate their intri-
cacies and ascend their rugged steeps.
There was next to nothing in his life, public
or private, which was factitious or artificial.
His professional success and his influence in
State and national legislation were by no acci-
dent, nor by the employment of adventitious
supports, but by the inherent energy and force
of his mental constitution. He was eminent
in his profession, as in him were combined those
intellectual faculties and mental habits which
go to make the lawyer, the statesman, and the
public administrator. Had he possessed more
sentiment and imagination and greater enthu-
siasm for the ideal it would doubtless have
increased his popularity, while it maybe ques-
tioned if his reliability as a citizen, his distinc-
tion as a lawyer, or his eminence as legislator
would have been greater.
In him the intensely practical ever so asserted
its preponderance over the ideal in action as
to present to superficial observance a lack of
the finer sensibilities. He did nothing from
impulse, and on the most exciting occasions
could be cool and free from irrepressible rest-
lessness ; but it was the calm of high resolve,
persistent and tenacious in its triumph over
passion and sentiment. He was nevertheless
susceptible to the gentler influences ; a most
genial companion, gentle, tender, andaffection-
ate in his family, and had delight in the elegant
arts—sculpture, painting, and poetry.
Mr. Fessenden was not a theorist; the visions
of abstract speculation did not inspire him with
confidence. He saw passing eveuts as it were
in the retrospect, and was little affected by the
factitious circumstances and excitements of the
moment. He was not especially deferential to
the authority of precedent or tradition, nor
readily attracted by novelties or specious pre-
tenses of reform, and fearlessly applied to all
propositions for his action or assent the rigor
of his accustomed methods of induction and
analysis.
His character rested on a granite basis, and
sustained the structure of a lofty public virtue
and private integrity, while an inflexible per-
sonal independence kept guard over the intel-
lect and conscience, and challenged the advance
alike of friend and foe to this seat of his power
and secret of his success. It would have been
impossible for him, like his great namesake,
the premier of George III, to recover office, to
acquire or retain place or power by a conces-
sion of his principles or of a point of honor.
No public man ever more heroically followed
the leadership of his reason and judgment, and
with a loftier disdain of inferior guidance.
His mind and method were of the judicial
order. He did not defer to the decision of the
popular judgment as the sum ofpolitical wisdom
and the inevitable law of duty. His own and
not the public sense was his rule of action as a
Senator. He paid little court to the people, and
practiced no artifices and employed no gratui-
ties to enlist them in his interests or purposes.
And he did not sway the masses so much by
the sublimity of his sentiments as he inspired
confidence and admiration by the dignity of
his manners, the clearness of his understand-
ing, and the purity of his life.
That he possessed ambition was doubtless
true, while equally true it was that he was free
from all suspicion that his ambition had over-
comehisjudgment or betrayed his public virtue.
He had little ambition for mere power and less
use for it. Patronage he did not covet or
employ as a support; nor had the greed of
gain nor the desire of accumulation power over
him as a man, a citizen, or public servant.
If excellence in oratory is to be determined
by its instant effect, Mr. Fessenden was in this
entitled to high rank. His style was clear and
close; his reasoning concise; his language sim-
ple and natural; his sarcasm keen and pungent.
His speeches were calculated and designed for
present effect, and never seem to have been
elaborated with a view to their appearance in
print.
Taken by no sudden impulse, poised in de-
bate on his intellect and reason, he was never
vehement, rarely yielding to strong emotions,
and only when pressed by antagonism strongly
assailing his convictions or impinging his per-
sonal independence. On such occasions he
exhibited the amplitude of his powers and the
intensity of his nature.
Skepticism and infidelity were foreign to his
mental constitution. Thoughtful and sincere,
with characteristic independence of creeds
and traditions, his was a nature to feel the
religious sentiment strongest as it dwells apart
in the silence of the soul. In his recent touch-
ing eulogy here of his 'cherished friend, with
whom he had long been associated, are to be
found utterances of his profound faith in God
and of the Christian's hope of endless and
more exalted life. j
Amongthe distinguished characters who shall
illustrate the annals of our times history will
assign William Pitt Fessenden a conspicuous
place. Through all his public life and services
there shines the luster of a gifted and noble
manhood, of a tried patriotism, and of dis-
interested devotion to worthy ends and aims.
A steady leader, a safe counselor, a pure and
considerate patriot, an eminent statesman, a
true man and friend has gone to his reward.
Mr. President, I submit the following reso-
lutions :
Resolved, That the Senate receive with deep re-
gret the announcement ofthedeath of William Pitt
Eessbnden, late a member of this body.
Resolved, That the members of the Senate will
manifest their respect for the memory of the deceased
by wearing the usual badge of mourning.
Resolved, That these proceedings beeommunicated
to the House of Representatives.
Mr. SUMNER. A seat in this Chamber is
vacant. But this is a very inadequate expres-
sion for the present occasion. Much more than
a seat is vacant. There is a void difficult to
measure, as it will be difficult to fill. Always
eminent from the beginning, Mr. Fessenden
during these latter years became so large apart
of the Senate that without him it seems to be
a different body. His guiding judgment, his
ready power, his presence so conspicuous in
debate, are gone, taking away from this Cham-
ber that identity which it received so consider-
ably from him.
Of all the present Senate one only besides
myself witnessed his entry into this Chamber.
I can not forget it. He came in the midst of
that terrible debate on the Kansas and Nebraska
bill by which the country was convulsed to its
center, and his arrival had the effect of a re-
enforcement on a field of battle. Those who
stood for Freedom then were few in numbers—
not more than 14, while 37 Senators in solid
column voted to break the faith originally
plighted to Freedom and to overturn a time-
honored landmark, opening that vast Meso-
potamian region to the curse of Slavery. Those
anxious days are with difficulty comprehended
by a Senate where Freedom rules. One more
in our small number was a sensible addition.
We were no longer 14, but 15. His reputation
at the bar, and his fame in the other House
gave assurance which was promptly sustained.
He did not wait, but at once entered into the
debate with all those resources which after-
wards became so famous. The scene that
ensued exhibited his readiness and courage.
While saying that the people of the North were
fatigued with the threat of disunion—that they
considered it as "mere noise and nothing
else," he was interrupted by Mr. Butler, of
South Carolina, always ready to speak for
Slavery, exclaiming, "If such sentiments as
yours prevail I want a dissolution rightaway"-—
a characteristic intrusion doubly out of order—
to which the new-comer rejoined, " Do not
delay it on my account; do not delay it on
account of anybody at the North." The effect
was electric; but this incident was not alone.
D.ouglas, Cass, and Butler interrupted only to
be worsted by one who had just ridden into the
lists. The feelings of the other side were ex-
pressed by the Senator from South Carolina,
who after one of the flashes of debate which he
had provoked exclaimed: "Very well, go on;
I have no hope of you." All this will be found
in the Globe, precisely as I give it, but the
Globe could not picture the exciting scene—
the Senator from Maine erect, firm, immovable
as a jutting promontory against which the
waves of ocean tossed and broke in dissolving
spray. There he stood. Not a Senator, lov-
mgFreedom, who did not feel on that day that
a champion had come.
This scene, so brilliant in character, illus-
trated Mr. Fessenden's long career in the
Senate. All present were moved, while those
at a distance were less affected. His speech,
which was argumentative, direct, and pungent,
exerted more influence on those who heard it
than on those who only read it, vindicating
