SSI2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
death, $600 a jcsr more, the Senator from
Illinois sees in it a very great wrong, and says
we ought to go back to the peace establish-
ment. Sir, does the Senator propose to put
the female clerks of the different Departments
upon a war footing, that he offers $300 a year
utore to them ? I find it makes a great deal
of difference where the favor lights in the Sen-
ate Chamber,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am sorry that the
Senator from Missouri cannot see the differ-
ence between a proposition increasing the
salary of a chief clerk beyond that of any
other chief clerk, and a proposition equaliz-
ing the pay of those who perform the same
service. Does H follow because 1 am unwill-
ing to take a chief clerlr out of one of the
Departments and pay him $500 more than any
other chief clerk receives, that therefore I mast
oppose paying to one person the same com-
pensation for the same duty that is paid to
another in the sane service ? I am sure the
Senator from Missouri can see that there is no
analogy between the two cases. The amend-
ment that I intend to offer proposes to place
persons performing the same service upon the
same footing as t<> pay. The Senator from
Missouri is supporting an amendment to put a
person performing the . duties of a chief clerk
in one of the Departments above every Other
chief olerk lu every other Department of the
Government.
Mr. DRAKE. One word more. The chief
clerks in the other Departments, I find upon
examining the bill, get $2,200, and we are
only adding $300 to the annual pay of this
chief clerk. I call the attention of the Senator
from Illinois to the fact stated here, and which
be will see in this bill, that the Secretary of
the Treasury has two assistants; the Postmas-
ter General has three assistants; the Secretary
of the Interior has one assistant; and in alt
those Departments the chief clerk gets $2,200.
In the Navy Department, with no Assistant
Secretary at all, we only ask' to add $500 to
the pay of the chief clerk, a man who does the
work that the Assistant Secretary, who got
$8,500, used to do. It does seem to me that
the Senator from Illinois is unjust in the dis-
crimination which he would make in this case.
Mr. HOWELL. I do not know that I am
very well entitled to speak npon a subject of
this kind, if an actual practical knowledge of
the duties assigned to these clerks be a pre-
requisite for speaking here; but I notice that
the Senate has been leveling up all the time
upon the salaries of all or most of these offi-
cers. The argument was used awhile ago that
some chief clerk in some Department must
have his salary raised because the chief clerk
of some other Department had a larger salary,
and therefore we should equalize upward the
salary of that chief clerk. Now, we have a
chief clerk hefre in a Department which cer-
tainly has no business to be compared in
amount with the business of tho Treasury De-
partment or of some other Departments of the
Government, and we are asked to raise his
salary $300 over and above what has been
assigned to any other chief clerk in any other
Department, while it is known and asserted
here that officers of the Navy do act in the
capacity of Assistant Secretaries or heads of
bureaus, and'therefore most relieve to a great
extent the duties which would otherwise fall
upon the Secretary of the Navy or upon the
chief clerk.
I can see no reason why now, since the war
is over and is past, when the people of the
country are demanding economy at onr hands,
when the Administration came in-pledging
e*pnomy to the people of the country, we
snould raise, as we are raising' here in the
Senate, the salaries of officers so outrageously
and so enormously. The people demand a
reduction of salaries throughout the cotM try.
The House of Representatives, immediately
representing the people, said coming here from
tho people, and going back to the people this
fall, have reduced the salaries or have placed
the salaries at a much lower figure in this bill
and the expenditures at a much lower figure
than is reported by our committee in the Sen-
ate. By these amendments we force them, or
give them, at least, a pretense to say that they
are forced to raise the salaries all through, and
thus to increase the expenses of the Govern-
ment for no sufficient reason, in my judgment.
I do not believe that any of these officers of
the Government are overworked to such an
extent as is complained of here. How long
do they work? How many hours do they put
themselves down to hard work, compared to
what men have to work in the private business
of life—lawyers, physicians, farmers, or mer-
chants throughout the country? I do not be-
lieve in this complaint of overwork on the part
of public officers. I have seen very little of
it and heard very little of it in my perambula-
tions about Washington since I have been a
Senator, or before; and in my judgment there
is very little of it to be complained of here or
elsewhere. Therefore it is that I am opposed
to this whole system of increasing the salaries
of officers, whether they be heads of Depart-
ments or the heads- of bureaus, or the chief
clerks or the minor clerks. In my judgment
the time has come for reducing salaries, and
the Senate should come down to the work and
do what the people of the Country expect and
require and demand of them, and what the
party and the Administration have pledged
themselves to accomplish before the country.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not desire to lake
any part particularly in this debate, but I see
that the heads of the different bureaus in the
Navy and War Departments, especially the
Navy Department, have more pay than the
same officers in tho civil Departments. I sup-
pose there is Bome reason for it, but I do not
know what the reason is.
Mr. CRAGIN. If the Senator wants an
answer I will give him one. They have no
salaries; they draw-their pay as officers of the
Navy.
Mt. POMEROY. I was going to compare
what they did draw with what officers in the
civil Departments whoperform similar service
receive.
Mr. CRAGIN. Th6y do not draw near as
much as the same officers in the bureaus of
the War Department.
Mr. POMEROY. I notice that the chief
of the Bureau of Yards and Docks receives
$5,233 33; the chief of the Bureau of Navi-
gation receives yearly $4,233 33 ; the chief
ofthe Bureau ofEquipmentreceives $4,233 33;
the chief of the Bureau of Construction re
ceives $4,233 33; the chief of the Bureau of
Steam Engineering receives $4,000 ; the chief
of the Bureau of Provisions and Clothing re-
ceives yearly $3,733 33; thechief of the Bureau
of Medicine and Surgery receives $3,500; the
chief of the Bureau of Ordnance receives
yearly $3,733 33.
Mr. NYE. Why does he receive i^P Because
he gets his pay as an officer of the Navy.
Mr. POMEROY. I understand that is bis
salary. What I am speaking' of is that that is
more than is paid in the civil service, more
than is paid in the Treasury Department for
the same kind of service, and more than is paid
in the Interior Department.
Mr. NYE. Does the honorable Senator pro-
pose to change the pay of the officers of the
Navy?
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir.
Mr. NYE. Then what is the use of talking
about it?
Mr. POMEROY. There is an effort now to
raise the salary of the chief clerk of the Navy
Department. I suppose it has some relation
to the fact that the heads of bureaus and other
officers there receive more salary than is paid
in the civil service.
Mr. NYE. Not at all.
Mr. POMEROY. Then will you tell me
what ii is for?
Mr. CRAGIN. Will the Senator give way
for an explanation ?
Mr. POMEROY. Certainly. There must
be some reason for it.
Mr. CRAGIN. The only reason why the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs support this amend ment
is, that this officer is performing the labor which
is performed by several officers in the other
Departments. The clerical force ofthe Navy
Department last spring was so far reduced that
labor has been thrown upon this officer to an
undue extent. Any one who is conversant
with the business in the Navy Department, who
goes there but once, will see it. It is not so in
the War Department. There are several offi-
cers there who perform the same duty. The
chief clerk of the War Department does not per-
form two hours labor a day where this man per-
forms three. There re not any doubt about that.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know anything
about this man. The question with me is how
much the office ought to be remunerated year
by year. I have no knowledge of the gentle-
man who now fills the office. I presume he
discharges his duties well, and does a great
deal of labor. But I notice that in the other
Departments Where we have chief clerks they
do not have the salary that is contemplated by
this amendment. There must be some reason
for it. If it is from the fact that the other
heads of bureaus in the Navy Department by
virtue of drawing their pay as officers of the
Navy get a larger compensation than is had in
the civil service by heads of bureaus who per-
form like duties, I cannot see the reason why
we should raise the salary of the chief clerk,
unless it be to make the whole system harmo-
nious, to make it expensive all the way through.
I notice that there are Assistant Secretaries
to the other heads of Departments, and they
receive $3,500 until we come to the Attorney
General, who has two assistants, and they re-
ceive four or five thousand dollars, I believe.
They have had an increase. By the bill of the
11th of March the assistants in the Attorney
General's Department receive an additional
compensation. It is said they have important
duties to discharge, opinions to give that are
of great value ana importance to the country.
But how is it when we come to the Interior
Department, where there is no solicitor and only
one assistant to whom are appealed all ques-
tions relating to lands; all the immense appeals
from every land district in the United States?
Questions that affect land titles for generation
after generation are decided by the Assistant
Secretary of the Interior, without any help,
without any solicitor. He discharges the duties
of a solicitor and an Assistant Secretary, and
often of chief clerk too; yet we see no effort
here to raise his salary, not even to make it
equal to the salary of an Assistant Attorneys
General, of whom there are two.
I presume that those who have charge par-
ticularly of the Navy Department know some
reasons for this proposition that I do not; but
I can see no reason why persons who discharge
the duties of a civil office should have any
more compensation than is paid in other De-
partments of the civil service. These other
salaries are large from the fact that the officers
are officers in the naval service of the country,
and draw their pay and rations and commuta-
tion, and in that way their salaries reach up to
the amounts I have named. I do not suppose
they can be reduced. There is no effort in
that direction. But I do not see why we should
increase the salaries of those who simply dis-
charge civil duties.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Kan-
sas has called attention to what is very obvious
on looking at this bill. The only ground on
which the Senator from Missouri bases his sup-
Sort of this proposition is to be found in what
e alleges to be the fact, that the Secretary of
the Navy has no assistant, while the Secre-
taries of the other Departments have.
Mr. POMEROY. Not of the Interior.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, there is one Assist-
