4256'
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June' i),
would not be as great as it now is; but low as are
the present rates of postage, the frank covers private
correspondence of e„very description, and abstracts
largely from the Treasury. The DepartmentDot only
carries all this matter free of, charge, but likewise
pays to every postmaster whoso yearly commissions
do not amount to the sum of $2,000 one cent for the
delivery of each letter. Though the free-matter
passing through the'mails is very large at the pres-
ent time, the amount "of it is yearly increasing.''
The allegation is frequently made by the op-
ponents.of this bill that the franking privilege
does not add anything to the expense of the
transportation of the mails. The absurdity is
contended for, that if a transportation company
make a contract to carry a thousand pounds or
one hundred thousand pounds of mail matter,
they will allow you, without additional cost, to
add any amount of weight under that contract.
No express company, no sensible business man
in this country, would assume to do business
upon such a principle as that, to make a con-
tract with you to carry a thousand pounds^ of
letters or any other matter for transportation
and allow you to add two thousand pounds to
it, and do it all for the same contract price.
The thing is absurd in itself. Postmaster Gen-
eral Campbell on this point says :
" The weight and numberof public documents add
very much to the cost of transportation, and when
not conveyed by railroad retard the mail. The
directors of the various railroad companies when
required to reduce their charges point to the mail
matter conveyed by them, amounting in some in-
stances to tons, and insist that they do not receive as
much for it as for ordinary freight. Although this
assumption is, in my opinion, most unfoundod.it
affords a pretext tosome of them for demanding tho
present enormous rates. In addition to this the quan-
tity of free joined to tho printed matter, to which I
shall presently allude, obliges thy .Department to
contract for a higher gr<ule of service than the ordin-
ary mails would require, and two and four horso
coach service have to bo substituted lor horseback,
at greatlv increased rates, and has, m effect, rendered
inoperutivothe eighteenth section ot tho act of 3d of
March, 1813, which was intended to rcdace the cost
of transportation by requiring the Pox-^tinaster Gen-
eral to select such modes as might bo necessary to
provide for the due celerity, certainty, and security
of such transportation, without reference to any other
consideration."
Again, in the annual report of Postmaster
General Campbell for the year 1850, he said :
"In my Inst annual report, in referring to the defi-
ciency in the Post Office revenue, X expressed my
regret that Congress had not abolished the franking
privilege when they passed tho act of 3d ofiMarcIT,
1831, reducing tho rates of postage. The experience
of the last year has satisfied me more full v that this
privilege should be speedily abolished. For months
during this year free matter by the ton passed through
the mails into every part of tho United States, inter-
fering greatly with the regular transmission of the
correspondence of tho country. When this free
matter passes f'tom tho railroads it is almost ini}rrao-
tioablo to forward it by the ordinary conveyance^.
Tho evil isyoarly increasing, detracting largely from
the revenues of the Department and impairing its
efficiency." * ' 5 t? 5
" If my views regarding tho abolition of tho frank-
ing privilege—-a measure which would greatly reduce
the fxpcnM-s of the Department—be not adopted by
Congress, I would recommend tho passage of a law
enabling the Department to charge the ordinary
rates of postage on letters and printed mailer which
now pass tree through the mails."
Aaron V. Brown, of Tennessee, Postmaster
General, said, in tho conclusion of his ieport
in 1858:
" The discontinuance or modification of tho frank-
ing privilege having been suggested by several of
ray predecessors as a means ot increasing tho reve-
nue, I shall not now notice the subject further than
to present for consideration such a modification of
it as it appears to me can bo readily adopted without
subjecting membersof Congress to the charge of post-
ago on their personal or official coirespondence. It
is proposed that in lieu of tho franking piivilego now
allowed bylaw to membersof Congress, the .Secre-
tary of tho Senate and the Clerk of the House, or
such other ofiieor as may be designated for the pur-
pose, furnish the members with postage stamps to
be-uscd on all letters, public documents, and pack-
ets transmitted by them in the mails, and keep an
account of the stamps furnished to each member, to
be paid foroutof thceontingent fund of each Ilou«e.
It is farther proposed that ad letters and packets,
except newspapers addressed to members of Con-
gross shall be prepaid at the mailing office, in rhis
way tho Dcpaitment would be compensated tor the
service rendered without a resort to the inconven-
ience of keeping daily minute accounts of the post-
age chargeable on such mail matter.
"It is evident on the slightest reflection that the
whole theory on which the Post Office Department
was originally founded has been in a great measure
departed from. Its great function for many years
was the transmission of mail matter proper, such as
letters, newspapers, and light pamphlets, from one
part of the country to another. Theidea of the Gov-
ernment becoming a common carrier of persons and
merchandise was never entertained. But what is the
transmission of the immense mass of book matter,
amounting annually to hundreds of tons, but mer-
chandise, whether sent from private book establish-
ments or from tho two Houses of Congress? Inasingle
instance the transmission of the books, &e., of one
member (from Utah) has cost the Department be-
tween six and seven thousand dollars. Why cannot
these be forwarded under the direction of tho Secre-
tary of the Senate and Clerk of the House either by
the ordinary modes of conveyance or by the applica-
tion of postage stamps, as on other mail matter?
"Another consideration forcibly presses itself on
the mind in relation to this Department. Many
ocean steam lines have been established, not really
to meet the postal wants of the country, but to give
aid and assistance to our growing and expanding
commerce. The Department could havo no returns
in postages that would at all compensate for their
expensiveness; still, as it was of the first importance
to commerce and agriculture to have such lines, the
duty of establishing them, it was thought, had as
well be devolvedupon the Post Office Departmcntas
on any other.
"The great necessity and propriety of establishing
connection with our distant possessions on tho Pa-
cific, borli byse-a midland, was universally acknowl-
edged. The route by Panama has never repaid in
postages half its expense, yet the nation has been in
her trade and commerce remunerated a thousand-
fold. So of the great overland routes, the main one
of which has been established by the express enact-
ment of Congress. None of the kilter can ever make
postal returns at all proportionate to their cost; but
through their agency nearly one half of our Repub-
lic will be developed in its agricultural and mineral
resources. Other references might be made, clearly
showing that tho Post Office has of late years been
made the instrument of accomplishing many things
of great national impoitancc not within its original
scope and purpose of merely sending letters and
newspapeis from one place to another. It is not
fair, thereiorc, to measure its usefulness by the mere
receipt of postages, nor to complain that in accom-
plishing great and lastins_r benefits to the commorcc,
to the settlement and security of the country, it has
brought somccharge on the Treasury beyond its con-
tributions. Tho oihor Departments subsist wholly
on the Treasury, bridging no returns whatever into
it. Why, then, should it be thought strange that the
Post Office Department, when chaiged Willi opening
now sources of oommerco to the merchants, new mar-
kets for our agricultural products, and placing our
Government and people in direct and independent
communication with tho other nations of the earth,
should not be able to accomplish these great results
upon a three-cent postage on letteis, and on printed
matter almost no postage at all?
" The exact, pyinciple of justice on this whole sub-
ject I conceive to bo,that in conducting its oidinary
business of transmitting correspondence, it should
be thrown entirely on its own revenues. JJut when-
ever any service on the sea or on tho land is required
of it, mainly if not exclusively for national objects,
sach as the extension of our commerce, the spread
of our population, and tho development ot tho vari-
ous resources of our country, the cost thereof in all
fairness ought to bo borne by the national Treasury.
These national purposes, if accomplished through
tho action of the Navy and War bepai tment1?, as
(hey might be, would necessarily fall on the national
Treasury. What difference, then, should there be
m this respect when tho samo duties aic superadded
to the Post Office Department, whoso rate of post-
ages, its only means of raising revenue, has been
adjusted for very diflcrent puipuac.* ?
" J t is in the light of this distinction that the oper-
ations of this Department ought to be examined, ll
is no longer amachinc composed ot horses, stages,
and mail-bags, for the transmission mainly of the
private correspondence of individuals; it has become
tho great pioneer of civilization and progress; it is
tho agent of eommcrcc and intelligence; it visits
every town and city; it comes homo to almost every
domicile of the country; and its high mission of indi-
vidual and national usefulness ought not to be dimin-
ished by any misapprehension of its true character
and functions.
''Applying these general remarks to tho precise
question of the present rate of postage, I feel bound
to say that the last ieduction below five cents,
and the discount allowed on the already greatly
reduced rates on printed matter, have greatly cur-
tailed the usefulness ot the Dep.u tmcnt in extend-
ing our mail service with that celerity, frequency,
and uniformity to all parts of our country which the
spirit of improvement m every department of busi-
ness and ot social life so earnestly demands. There
are many portions uf the United States which have
not yet received satisfactory mail facilities, and are
not likely soon to do so with tho present inadequate
means of tho Department.
"In a, compact and dense population the present
rate might bear some reasonable proportion to the
actual cost of transportation, but in a widely ex-
tended country like tho United States,now reaching
from one ocean to the other, and in many portions of
it thinly populated, three cents would seem to be
altogether iusuifiecnt to meet the actual expense
incurred by tho Government in sending forward the
letters. Heretofore our entire California correspond-
ence has been conducted at ten cents, it being over
throe thousand miles by the Panama routo. Since
the establishment of our various overland routes,
however, all our great cities of the valley of the
Mississippi are brought, wilhin tho three thousand
miles, and therefore.will pay the inadequate post-
age of only three cents. It is not likely that tho
people ot the-Afclantie States, and especially of their
large cities will be willing to pay ten cents on their
extensive correspondence to California, Washing-
ton, and Oregon, while those in the Mississippi val-
ley will have to pay only three cents. To avoid this
source of dissatisfaction and the practical incon-
venience of having different rates, regulated by dis-
tances, it is respectfully submitted to the superior
wisdom of Congress whether one uniform rate of,
five cents for all distances would not enlarge the
usefulness of the Department, diminish if it did not
entirely prevent such heavy drafts on the Treasury,
and best promote theinterest andconvenienceof the
people.
"In relation to the franking privilege, it is impos-
sible to tell to what extent it is abused; not often, it
is to be hoped, by those to whom it is allowed by law,
but by others, who take the liberty to sign their
names under some pretended authority to do so, or
under no authority at all. It is impossible for the
twenty-eight thousand postmasters of the United
States to judge of tho genuineness of thesignatures,
and therefore they can do nothing to prevent abuses."
This is a fact that I would have Senators
consider. He says :
"It is impossible for tho twenty-eight thousand
postmasters in the United States to judge of tho
genuineness of the signatures, and therefore they
can do nothing to prevent abuses."
In the immense amount of business done by
the Post Office Department at this time it is
impossible to scrutinize the signatures of those
who assume to use the franking privilege.
Or.ce I saw the experiment made myself of
parties simulating a name upon the corner of
an envelope, which is usually where the frank
is put, and droping it into the post office, and
it went to Us destination. It is impossible for
the clerks in the post offices, here or elsewhere,
with the mass of matter that passes through
their hands, to scrutinize signatures. I suppose
Senators presume that is a character of abuse -
which seldom occurs; but I have no doubt it
very frequently occurs. Postmaster General
Brown, in the same report, says further :
" fn times of national as well as Stato elections
the post office conveyances arc literally loaded down
with partisan documents, ior which it is evident
somebody should pay if it is expected that the Depart-
ment should even approximate its own support.
•S'ow, if it be desired by Congress that alkthese docu-
ments bo tiansmittcd at public expense, let the
stamps be furnished and charged to members who
frank them, so that Congress may keen watch over
the privileges granted to their own members and
prevent abuses which this Department has no power
to detect."
Postmaster General Holt, I think, of all the
officers at the head of that Department of the
Government has been most emphatic and out-
spoken in his denunciation of this privilege.
In his report for the year 1859 upon this sub-
ject he says:
"It is, of course, not intended to assort that the
con cspondence of tho Government should be trans-
mitted at the personal charge of its functionaries,
but only that tho cost of conveying such correspond-
ence, when passing through tho mails, should bode-
liayed from the national Treasury. There is no
more leason why the PostOfficc Department, through
its contractors, should perforin this service gratui-
tously for tho Government than there is that the
steamboats and railroad companies of the country
should transport its troops, munitions of war, and
stores without compensation. What shall be the
character and amount of written or printed docu-
ments forwarded on behalf of the Government, and
desire to maintain only the general proposition that,
whether the written and printed matter bo great or
small, if it be dispatched in the name and in the in-
terest of the Government and by its agents accredited
for tho purpose, it should bo charged with precisely
the same.rates of postage to which it would have
been subjected had it been forwarded by private
citizens.
" The franking privilege, as accorded tho various
officers of the Government, was from the beginning
and still is an anomaly in the postal system, and in
direct conflict with the true theory of its creation.
Had this Department, like tho others, been planed
as a charge upon the Treasury, and wereit essentially
a political instrumentality, and the property of tho
nation, it would bo as incongruous for it to demand
remuneration for its services to the Government as
it would be for the Army and Navy to do so; but
this is not and never has been its actual or theoret-
ical status. Beyond its political authority in estab-
lishing the Department and its revisory power over
its administration, the relations of the Government
to it are precisely those of thepiivato citizen. This
has been distinctly recognized in the several acts
