2808
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
corn-growers of Illinois to profit by an open
St. Lawrence? It can prove only a mockery
to tliem if it iagiven as the sufficient " outlet"
of western commerce and at the sacrifice of
the tenfold more important channel of the New
York canals. The goal of their demands is the
only to Europe but to every market in which
western produce can find a profitable sale.
ROUTES TO NEW ENGLAND AND NEW YORK CITY.
Our question is now narrowed down to this:
by what water channel from the lakes can
transportation toNew England and the markets
reached through New York city be made the
cheapest and the most advantageous? The
St. Lawrence river, through its length to the
ocean, is canceled on this point from the reck-
oning. We have only to choose between the
canal from Lake Brie to the Hudson, the canal
from Lake Ontario at Oswego to the same, and
the canal from Montreal through Lake Cham-
plain.
The route from Oswego is at present made
available by the AVelland canal in Canada,
twenty-eight miles long, uniting Lake Erie and
Lake Ontario. It is proposed—and Congress
has been several times asked to appropriate a
large sum for the purpose—to construct another
and larger canal around the Niagara Falls, on
the American side of the river, parallel to the
Welland canal. This project is urged partly
for the sake of direct trade by the St. Law-
rence with Europe, and partly on the score of
developing the Oswego route by canal to New
York. The former view of it I have sufficiently
discussed. In the latter view it is to be con-
sidered whether the proposed Niagara ship-
canal will answer the wants of western trade
in a degree commensurate with its cost. On
that point I shall cite facts and leave you to
weigh them.
The Welland canal is ten feet in depth of
water, and passes vessels carrying five hundred
tons of cargo. Up to a period four or five years
^ago that was not much below the average ton-
* nage capacity of the vessels navigating the lakes,
and it is now nearly three times the tonnage
capacity of boats navigating the Erie canal.
The distance of canal navigation saved by ship-
ping from western ports to Oswego instead of
Buffalo is about one hundred and twenty miles,
and the distance of lake navigation added is
about ono hundred and fifty miles. For that
latter distance the shipper to Oswego had the
advantage of his larger vessel, added to his
saving of tolls, while on the lakes above ho was
until quite recently, as I have said, on nearly
an even footing with the shipper to Buffalo.
The Oswego route, therefore, lias been hitherto
in a situation to fairly compete with that through
the entire length of the Erie canal; yet for
the last twelve years the freight on wheat from
Chicago to Now York, via Oswego, has ruled,
in the average, from one half to one cent per
bushel higher than that via Buffalo, and the
shipments via Oswego have borne the propor-
tion to those via Buffalo which is shown in the
following table:
deceived at Jicceived at
Ottwegn. Buffalo.
Grain, bushels. Orain.buskels.
1S.17  S.234.0S2 20.050.fi89
1S5S   11,257,07 1 27,219,855
185D  7,256,850 22,215,425
jstiO  17,065,873 37,133,461
1801  17,089,942 61,460,601
1862   IM.155,827 721801,188
18(53   14,396,801 40,845,085
1861   9,838,887 41,014.496
li>65  12,826,212 42,473,223
Out of the receipts at Oswego there must be
taken an average of about three million bushels
per annum which came from ports on Lake
Ontario.
Do not these facts indicate an advantage of
some character in the canal route from Lake
Erie which is not to be extinguished by cutting
a new passage around Niagara Falls and giving
wider access to the canal at Oswego? Cau
they reasonably be regarded as pointing to that
undertaking for the solution of the needs of the
Northwest? Do they; not rather argue, and very
forcibly, that the wiser application of money
to be first expended for cheapening and aug-
menting the flow of western products to exterior
markets will be upon the enlargement and
improvement of both the Erie and Oswego
canals, postponing until after that ia done, at
least, the costly work of hewing a new cut
through the Niagara lime-rock to give better
access to the latter, especially in view of the
fact that Canada may save us the cost of a
Niagara ship-canal by enlarging her own 1
THR ARGUMENT IN BRIEF.
I shall not stop to discuss the question with
reference to the route by Lake Champlain from
the St. Lawrence at Montreal. That is more
than covered by the considerations already
reviewed. My argument is substantially done.
I believe that every candid mind fairly exam-
ining the facts I have presented will assent to
the two main propositions on which I rest the
measure under discussion:
1. That the commercial interests of the N orth-
west can be best served only by the improve-
ment of water carriage for its products to New
England and to New York city ; and
2. That the avenue on which that improve-
ment can be made to the best advantage is the
one furnished by the canals of New York.
I have endeavored to show, and I hope satis-
factorily, that it is legitimately the province
and legitimately the policy of the General Gov-
ernment to take upon itself this improvement.
The results to accrue from it will spread over
the entire breadth of the nation. The com-
merce to be accommodated and augmented by
it is the inland commerce of the most aetivo
and the largest section of the Union. In every
sense of the word it is a work of national
importance and of national advantage, a work
which tiie nation ought to do.
Compared with the profit which the nation
must inevitably derive from it the outlay
required for this great improvement is insig-
nificant. We waste more as a Government in
vanities every year than will suffice to per-
petually cheapen the price of broad to half the
people in America.
■ A Niagara ship-canal cannot be constructed
in one year, nor two, nor three. The proposed
improvement of the Erie canal can be accom-
plished in a single season without interruption
to navigation. I leave it to the Representa-
tives of the West to say if the consideration of
time is not an important one to the people of
that section, feeling the impatience which they
do upon this subject of commercial relief.
WIIY AID OP TIIF. GENERAL GOVERNMENT IS SOUQIIT.
And now that I have laid the case before
you, let me answer the question which 1 have
no doubt you are ready to ask, why the State
of New York has not herself carried out this
completion of her great work, and why the
national Government is applied to lor aid when
so much has been done without its assistance
heretofore and with such vast advantage to the
State? The reasons are twofold. In the first
place, the question of canal improvement is
entangled in New York by the extent of the
canal system which that State has constructed.
Upon the trunk line of canal, and I include as
such the Oswego a3 well the Erie, there has
been ingrafted a number of tributary canals
and river improvements more than five hundred
miles in total length. As you can readily under-
stand, the local interests connected with these
lateral canals are disposed to create jealousy,
and interfere with the adoption of any policy
of sound liberality toward the main canal.
Every attempt in the State Legislature to carry
a measure for the enlargement of the latter is
defeated by demands from the former for cor-
responding expenditures. My experience three
yea'rs ago in the New York State senate con-
vinced me that the interposition of the General
Government alone can cut the Gordian knot
of this entanglement and enable the State to
do what must be done upon the Erie canal to
meet the demands of commerce and the defense
of the lakes. The Erie canal is sandwiched
between two powerful railroad corporations
whose policy for years has been to destroy the
canals, either through the Legislature of the
State or by other means. The railroad corpor-
atioasof Pennsylvania and Ohio have destroyed
the canals of these States, and as I believe it is
impossible to do anything for the canals throug h
the Legislature, are we to allow them to.be
rendered useless for commercial and defensive
purposes rather than get assistance from the
General Government?
THE JSBIB CANAL AS AS JSKCMM OS NATIONAL DEFENSE.
It might be well to look at the benefits which
would be derived from the Brie and Oswego
canals if enlarged to a size sufficient to carry an
impregnable war vessel. According to a great
authority—no less than Ericsson, the inventor
of the Monitor—an impregnable war vessel of
25 feet wide and 200 feet long, with shot-proof
turret, carrying a gun of 15-inch caliber with a
ball of 450 pounds, draws without ammuni-
tion, coal, or stores but six feet six inches
water. The Erie and Oswego canals when
enlarged to the size anticipated by this bill will
be more than sufficient for the passage of such
vessels. It cannot be said that wedo not require
such protection as long as the .Dominion of
Canada is alien to us. - Nor can it be said such
preventive measures are undertaken irom a
spirit of hostility. Defensive measures have
always been considered pacific measures, and
their tendency has been more to avert than
provoke hostilities. The Dominion of Canada
possesses an immense advantage over us in her
canals; and so much is this the case that the
Committee on Military Affairs of the House of
Representatives of the second session ot the
Thirty-Seventh Congress stated in their report
to the House that—
• 'A floot of light-draught, heavily armed, iron-clad
gun-boata could, in ono ahort month, deapito of any
opposition that could bo inado by oxtomporized bat-
terios, pass up tho St. Lawrence and shell ovcry city
and village from Ogdensburg to Chicago. At one
blow it could sweep our commoreo from that entire
chain of waters. Such a fleet would hava it in its
power to infliot a loss to bo reckoned only by hun-
dreds of millions."
A naval superiority on the lakes has ever
been regarded as equivalent to success in war
on the frontier of Canada, and the chain of
Canadian canals were evidently constructed
from that idea. The imperial Government
shrunk from no expenditure to meet the neces-
sity of defense on the lakes, and is the Govern-
ment of the Union to be less backward? The
national Government has expended nearly
forty million dollars for the defense of the
Atlantic and the Gulf of Mexico, while it has
spent less than two millions for every species
of lake defense. New York unaided, and alone,
pushed through an undertaking which has
proved of incalculable benefit to an immense
country. Is it too much to ask, when this
undertaking has become a great national neces-
sity, not only for defense but commerce, that
she should be assisted by the General Govern-
ment?
REDUCTION OF TOLLS.
But there is another special reason for pro-
posing this measure to the General Govern-
ment. The improvement of the Erie canal
must be accompanied by a reduction to the low-
est point of the toll charged for its use if the
full result of cheap transportation due to com-
merce is to be realized. Now, it is stating
nothing to the disparagement of the people of
the State of New York to say that they would
not consent to bear unassisted the cost of an
extensive improvement of the canal, which is
for the commercial benefitof the whole country,
and to surrender at the same time all revenue
from it; nor could so large a liberality ef senti-
ment be expected from any people as a whole.
I have no doubt, for my own part, that the
people of New York would be more than com-
pensated for the expenditure, if they bore it
