1870,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5201
Mr. SHERMAN, On the report of the bill;
and I hope the Senator from Kansas will not
object.
Mr. POMEROY. I do notobject, but I can-
not understand why the Senator from Illinois's
bill should be objected to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
objection to the present consideration of the bill?
The Chair hears no objection, and it is before
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill declares that section fifty-five of the
act entitled "An act to provide a national cur-
rency secured by a pledge of United States
bonds, and to provide for the circulation and
redemption thereof," approved June 3, 1864.
and all acts amendatory of that section, shall be
construed to apply to every president, director,
cashier, teller, clerk, or agent of any banking
association, whether organized under the act
mentioned or under the act entitled "An act
to provide a national currency secured by a
pledge of United States bonds, and to provide
for the circulation and redemption thereof,"
approved February 25, 1863.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
OBDES OF BUSINESS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I renew the motion to
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
1705.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent at this time; is there
objection?
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. What is it?
The Chief Clerk. A bill (H. R. No. 1705) to
fix the time for the election of Representatives
and Delegates in the Congress of the United
States.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I object.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to postpone all
other business for the purpose of taking up this
bill for consideration. The Senator's objec-
tion, cf course, cannot control the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent so long as there is morning
business; and reports of committees, bills, and
resolutions are yet, unfinished.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 give notice that I shall
object to the consideration of anything until
the morning business is over, and then shall
make this motion.
GEORGE FISHER.
Mr. DAVIS. I rise to a question of privi-
lege on behalf of a committee of this House in
asking information of the Departments ; and
I will offer a resolution and say a word or two
in explanation of it.
In the Creek war of 1813 
Mr. POM EROY. Is that a question of privi-
lege, Mr. President?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky will state his question of
privilege.
Mr. DAVIS. I am about to state it. It is
this: whether the standing committees of the
Senate are entitled to havo information from
the Executive Departments. I suppose the
Senator from Kansas now understands it.
Mr. POMEROY. They are entitled by a
resolution.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, sir, if you will just wait,
you will find that the resolution has been pre-
sented and has not been responded to. If the
honorable Senator will hold himself a little and
hear my statement I shall be obliged to him.
Mr. POMEROY. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I am not going
to make a long statement, but it is a very
curious one. In 1813, in the Creek Indian
war, the property of one George Fisher was
destroyed. He lay by until the 13th of Feb-
ruary, 1832, and he then presented his petition
to Congress for compensation for the value of
his property. Accompanying this petition was
a bill of particulars setting forth the property
that was destroyed, the value of which he
proved by two witnesses to be $12,173. Con-
41st CoiXG. 2d Sess.—No. 32G.
gress passed an act referring the settlement of
the account to the Second Auditor. The Sec-
ond Auditor in 1848 reported in favor of the
claim to the amount of $8,773. That sum
was then paid to the claimant's representatives.
The Second Auditor reopened his adjustment
of the account, and on the 31st of December,
1848, he found the additional sum of, $8,797 94
in favor of the-claimant. That amount was
paid. The claimant's representatives were not
satisfied with that, and they appealed to the
Department for a reopening of the account,
and the Third Auditor settled the account
again, May 12, 1849, and found a balance of
$10,004 89 in favor of the claimant, and that
was paid.
The parties were still not satisfied. They
again made appeals to the Secretary of the
Treasury and to Congress, and another resolu-
tion of Congress was passed withdrawing this
account, after some twenty-eight or twenty-
nine thousand dollars had been paid upon it,
from the further jurisdiction of the Treasury De-
partment and referring it to the War Depart-
ment. On the 12th of October, 1858, the War
Department made another settlement of this
claim, and they awarded to the parties $22,-
881 28, which was paid. The claimants were
still not satisfied, and in a month afterward,
the 6th of November, 1858, they procured an-
other settlement at the War Department and
received upon the claim $16,346 22 more.
The claimants were still not satisfied. They
appealed to Congress and they got a joint res-
olution passed by Congress, directing that the
Secretary of War should reopen his adjustment
of the account. He went to work and he, after
the payment of $66,803 33 upon this claim,
when the claimant originally had applied lor
$12,173, repoited in favor of the claimant as
having still due to him $65,803 27.
It is the most extraordinary claim the his-
tory of which I have ever yet learned. A bill
was introduced at the present session requir-
ing the Treasury otlicers to pay the second
sixty-live thousand and odd dollars. It was
refened to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and I was appointed a sub-committee by that
committee to investigate the matter. I wanted
information from the Department of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury. I wanted these vari-
ous items, amounting to sixty-six thousand
eight hundred and odd dollars to be verified by
official evidence, which we did not have here
before the committee.
More than two weeks ago I addressed a note
to the Secretary of the Treasury, asking him
to furnish the committee with the amounts
and dates of each payment; and telling him
that I was instructed to do so by the authority
of the committee. He paid no attention to
my communication. I was up at the Depart-
ment,, and visited the different bureaus where
1 thought would be the papers. I left a mem-
orandum with one of the bureaus, giving the
amount of each payment and its date, and
requesting the head of the bureau to furnish
mewiththeinformation. Hepromisedtodoso.
My letter was directed to the Secretary of
the Treasury more than two weeks ago. I
waited a week or ten days ; I received no com-
munication either from the Secretary of the
Treasury or the heads of the bureaus. I pre-
sented more than a week ago a resolution to
the Senate calling upon the Secretary of the
Treasury for information. That resolution was
passed, and it was sent immediately to the Sec-
retary by our clerk some eight days ago. I have
received no response whatever to that resolu-
tion, and the Senate has received no response
to it. We cannot get information of these
extraordinary facts from the Departments.
On Saturday last I visited the War Depart-
ment with a view of getting a sight of the last
award, which was the fifth award that had been
made upon this claim, and which decided that
the claimant still had a balance due of sixty-
five thousand and odd dollars. The honorable
and courteous and obliging Secretary received
me very politely and remarked immediately
that the matter had been transferred from the
War Department to the Treasury Department,
but that he would send over a special messen-
ger, and if the paper could be had he would
send me a copy of it. That was Saturday last,
and I have not since heard from the honorable
Secretary. I am satisfied that it is not his
fault; that he had to appeal to another head
of Department to whom I had appealed in
vain and to whom the Senate had addressed a
resolution to be furnished with this information,
which had not been responded to; and I pre-
sume he is denied that copy by the Secretary
of the Treasury or by some of his subordinates.
In view of these extraordinary facts I sub-
mit this resolution to the Senate:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury, for
not having responded to the resolution of the Senate
directed to him for information of the amounts and
dates of the payments made at the Treasury Depart-
ment upon the claim of G-eorge Fisher, deee&sed,
information necessary and proper to enable the Com-
mittee of Indian Atfairs to investigate and report
upon said claim, deserves to be, and is hereby, con- ,
sured by the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky asks leave to offer a reso-
lution. Is there objection to its present con-
sideration ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
its present consideration.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not ask for its present
consideration.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection; I
tliink it might be considered, i suggest to the
Senator from Kentucky, however, that the
statement he has made is a most extraordinary
one; but 1 cannot think the Secretary of the
Treasury will tally or obstinately withholds these
matters. There is probably some explanation
for not sending the papers; and I suggest to
the Senator from Kentucky to change the char-
acteroi' his resolution by ref'eiring to the foi trier
resolution, and then repassing the resolution
that the Secretary be again diiected to furnish
these papers; and I think they will come. I
cannot think 
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator will permit, me,
I will allow this resolution to lie upon the table ;
and then, if the other is answered, that is an
end of it. All I want is the informal ion.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I ask the
Senate 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Nobody has objected to
the consideration of that resolution. It is
before the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understood the Senator from Illinois to object.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No; I did not object to
considering it. On the contrary, I was quite
willing to have it considered.
Mr. CONKLING. Does it state the date
when the resolution was passed ?
Mr. DAVIS. The clerk can report the date
of the resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is advised that the resolution referred to wds
passed on the 29th of June.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I think such abs-
olution as this cannot be considered respectful.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have known the Secre-
tary of the Treasury a good while, and I feel
pretty safe in saying, without knowing anything
about this business, that there is no foundation
whatever for any complaint against the conduct
of that official. Anybody who understands the
course of this Government and the course of
these two Houses in calling on all the Depart-
ments at all times for everything, would know
if he would go to the Treasury Department and
look at the force of clerks employed in answer-
ing calls all the time, that unless you enlarge
the force of the Secretary of the Treasury
which can be devoted to answering calls from
the two Houses, my friend would be lucky in
the ordinary course of business if he got ail
answer in two months instead of two weeks. I
am sure the Secretary of the Treasury would
never knowingly, without some accident or
mistake, withhold for a single moment beyond
