1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4257
permanently appropiiating $700,000 per annumfor
tlio transportation of'free matter.' Tliis is not,in
tbo language or spirit of the act of 1836, a provision
made ior the support ot the Department from its own
revenue, but is an appropriation from the public
Treasury, and is, in its terms, a specific compensation
ior the transmission of the correspondence and docu-
ments connected withthoadministration of the Go v-
crnmeut. It i-1 important to bo noted in this connec-
tion, because it must rest on an admission of the
soundness of the principle insisted on, though in its
0 mount it falls far short of the logical result to which
that principle would lead.
"If. is well known that the expenses of the Dc-
pailment for Uansportatiuu have rapidly increased
within the last ten years. In 1S49 they amounted to
$J.577,-i07 71; butfortke year ending theSOth of June,
J&/J. they reached the sum ol $9,473,457. This has
been piodueed by the enormous bulk and weight of
the mails, which arc principally due to the vast Quan-
tity ot heavy books and printed documents sent under
th'* Government frank. Mails which but recently
weighed a few hundred pounds are now, from tins
can^e, found weighing tons. The rates of postage on
printed documents, Ac., being but nominal, the cost
of their conveyance is, intact, a tax on the letter
correspondence ot the country, llenee, as the great
mai-s ot the matter franked by the Government oth-
ci.ils i* punted, were it even paid for at the prevail-
ing rates, Mill, in precise proportion as the Govern-
ment is the patron of the mails would the service be
inn emunerativc to the Department. Were the *fiee
mattei' now convened charged with the exiting
1 ate-, of postage it is confidently believed thai it won Id
yield an annual revenue of at leasts ,800.000; yet ior
this service the Department receives but &70J.0J0, and
actually expends in its performance but latle, li any-
thing, fdiort of $3,000,000.
"The obligation ot the Government to pay for the
use of the mails at the rates imposed on the private
eiti/en, is now >o manifest thai, the, pioposilion has
been deliberately made and urged with much force,
that this act ot justice shall, it possible, be made
letrobpootivo. Could the ninouutwhich the Depart-
ment has expended ior the transportation ot free
matter 1mm the foundation ot the Government be
iti-rei tained—which is obviously impiactioable—it is
<.liifieu.lt to perceive on what ground a claim to its
reimbursement, less the aggregate of the appropria-
tions made from the Treasury tor the support of the
Department eould bo resisted. If the principle
contended for is right now, it has been so from the
beginning.
"Dut, it maybe asked, does not the Government
virtually comply with this requisition to pay its own
postages by the annual appropriation wh.ch it makes
to meet the deliot in the postal revenues, and is there
any substantial difference between such a provision
and the prepayment of its postages in detail? The
answer is, that there is a difference, and this differ-
ence vitally concerns the honor and reputation of the
Depaitment. The appropriation refeired to is made,
not in satisfaction ot what is confessed to be due, but
U rather bestowed as an alms. It is not paid as to a
creditor for services fully rendered, but is extended
as a relief to ^defaulting branch of the Government,
and to save it from bankruptcy and dishonor. This
places the Department continually ina talse position,
and presents it to the world as a delinquent, when, in
fruth, it is not so. So long as it is thus treated, how-
over skillfully or honestly it may be administered, it
in us-1 stand at the bar of public opinion as condemned
and as faithless to its mission. Tins is amoral wiong
arid a gieat political error. When tne Department
has loyally discharged every duly ineumbentupon it,
and has performed services, the compensation lor
which, if fairly made, would render it independent,
it has aright, in the name of common justice, to claim
that it shall be allowed to assume that attitude in-
stead ot the mortifying one it has been driven to
occupy for years—that of an improvident and dis-
credited insolvent, ever begging at the doors of the
public Treasury.
" It may be added, if it is properthat the Govern-
ment shall be charged with the expense ot convey-
ing the matter now passing free through the m.iiis,
justice alike to the public and to the Department
requires that the amount thus due shall be precisely
ascertained, which can best be done by prepayment
at the mailing offices. There can be no enlightened
administration of the postal system without a com-
plete knowledge oi its financial resources and liabil-
ities, which can never be attained while the incubus
of the franking pmilege is hanging over it. Under
the stifling pressure, too, of this incubus the Depart-
ment is torccd to continual efforts to ameliorate its
condition, which must otten result in curtailments
to be deplored, because they deprive the public of
mall accommodations for which they have fully paid,
and which they aie, therefore, entitled to enjoy.
"Another potent reason for the abolition of the
franking privilege as now exercised is found in the
abuses which seem to be inseparable from its exist-
ence. These abuses, though constantly exposed and
animadverted upon for a series of years, have as con-
stantly increased. It has been oiten stated by my
predecessors and is a matterof public notoriety that
immense masses of packages arc transported under
the Government frank, which neither the letter nor
the spirit of the statute creating the franking privi-
lege would justify; that a largo number of letters,
documents, and packages are thus conveyed, covered
bv the f'rankof the officials, written m violation of
law, not by themselves, but by some real or pretended
agent; while whole sacks of similar matter, which
have never been handled, nor seen even, by Gov-
ernment functionaues. are transported under franks
which have been forged. The extreme difficulty of
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 2(>'7.
detecting such forgeries has greatly multiplied this
class of offenses, while their prevalence has so dead-
ened the public sentiment in reference to them that
a conviction, however ample the proof, is scarcely
possible to bcobtained. Thcstatute of 1825,denounc-
ing the counterfeiting of an official frank under a
heavy penalty, is practically inoperative. I refer
you to the case reported at length by the "United
States attorney for this District as strikingly illus-
trating this vitiated public opinion reflected from
tho jury-box. The proof was complete, and the case
unredeemed by a single palliation, and yet the of-
fender was discharged unrobuked to resume, if it
should please him, his guilty task.
"This verdict of acquittal is understood to have
been rendered on two grounds, first, thatthe accused
said he did not commit the offense ' to avoid the pay-
ment of tho postages;' and second, that tho ofiense
has become so piovalent that it i-« no longer pioper
to punish it. Thevo are stai tlim> propositions,
whether regarded m their legal, moral, or logical
aspects. They announce that to render the violation
of a stdtuto legal it is only necessary to render it
general, and that the counterfeiter of the frank of a
member of Congress,in Older to sbicldhiniself fiom
punishment, has only when arrested to declare that
he committed tho infamous: crime from no hope of
pecuniary gam, thus reversing that axiomatic prin-
ciple ol philosophy and of law which teaches that
a rational agent shall be held to contemplate and
design those results which necessarily follow from his
conduct._ If such language as this, coming up from
theciiminal couits of the countiy, does not arouse
Congress to the necessity of promptly reforming thus
already great and rapidly growing evil, then it is to
be feared that nothing can do so. The franking pi iv-
ilege has thus become an active instrument of public
demoralization. When a crime is committed under
the influence of strong temptation a large raoasure
ot integrity may remain with the offender; but where
an offense like this, essentially mercenary in its  pirit
and creepmgly clandestine in its perpetration^ is
committed for the gain of a few cents, and when such
ollensc becomes widespread in its prevalence, it evi-
dences a. condition of the public morals which cannot
be contemplated without profound sorrow and the
liveliest apprehensions. Did no other reason exist
than these abuses, and the disastrous consequences
to which they lead, Congress would be fullyjustilied
in abolishing the franking privilege.
"Of the substitutes which have been proposed, that
of prepayment by stamps, as recommended by my
predecessor, is probably to be preferred. It would
harmonize with tho, existing system, and. being em-
inently just, simple, and practicable, it could bo put
into immediate operation without the slightest em-
barrassment. That a part of the abuses enumerated
might still prevail in not denied; but their conse-
quences would fail, as they should, on the Govern-
ment by whope officials they were perpetrated, in-
stead ot this Department, as they do at present.
"While the franking privilege was enjoyed by tho
British Parliament it was limited in its exercise by
the assignment of a given number of franks to each
member per day ; and the aOjustmentof thisqucstiou
by Congress would present n iavom.bln moment for
considering whether the public interests do not re-
quire that some similar restriction should be imposed
upon the unlimited license that now prevails."
The Po.stimihirr Geneial, in his report for
the ye.tr 1801, said :
"The flanking piiviWei^in thi^ country gieatly
extended. In the United Kiivdom, the only other
eountiv in which very low rates <>f inland postage
prevail, it appears to be limited to addresses and
petitions to iho queen and petitions to either house
of Parliament. All other mailable matter is charge-
able with postage. Hence, m part, the success there
of the low postage system in point of levenue. In
this country, however, it. is extended to cover a largo
class ol postmasters, probably the majority.
" By the first section of the act approved March 2,
1817. each deputy postmaster, whose compensation
for the last preceding year did not exceed *200, may
send through the mails all letters written by himself,
and receive all addressed to himself on his piivato
business free of postage, tho weight not exceeding
a half ounce. Tin-piivilege is greatly abased, and
ought to be revoked. If other compensation is due
to a postmaster beyond his commissions it should be
in the discretion of the Postmaster General, not ex-
ceeding— per cent, additional to that now allowed,
that it may go to the intelligent and faithful, not to
the shrewd and unscrupulous, as it chiefly does under
the existing law. Privileges resting in the conscience
of the recipient as to their extent arc dangerous.
" Irccominend the repeal of this clause, conferring
the franking privilege on postmasters whose com-
missions do not exceed $200; only letters certified to
be on post office busdntj-sshall be allowed to be sent
or received by postmaster? free of postage, and tins
enforced by proper penalties.''
Postmaster General M. Blair, in his report
for the year 18(>2, said:
"T renew tho recommendation made last year that
the lrunkmg privilege of postmasters bo abolished,
except for correspondence between them and other
office] s of the Department upon oiiicial business.
It should be abolished, also, as to the correspondence
of all persons uddiessed ro the several Departments
and executive officers of' Government, except upon
official correspondence addressed by an othcer of tho
Government. Both these privileges, as they now
exist, have been much abused, and have no proper
place in a correct postal system."
Postmaster General Randall, in his report
for the year 18UC5; said :
"Tho law regulating the franking privilege ought,
in my opinion, to be amended, 1 do not think the
privilege should bo abolished. I think it a neces-
sity forthodifferentDepartments.as well asforCon-
grcss; but great abuses have grown up under it: To
avoid frauds and a misuse of tho privilege, I rec-
ommend such a. change in the law as to require the
written signature of the person exercising tho privi-
lege upon the matter franked; and to relieve tho
heads of Departments and bureaus of great labor,
that a franking cleik be authorized by law for each
Department ot the Government, with the right to
frank all matter perraining to the Department for
which he is appointed."
Postmaster General Randall again, in his
report, for the year 1807, said:
"I am compelled again to call attention to tho
gross frauds perpetrated upon the Department by
violations of the franking privilege in almost all
parts of the country. Thajuc simile franks of differ-
ent members of Congress are freely used to circulate
obscene books and papers, lottery circulars, business
e.irds, &c., and to cover all kinds of business and
domestic correspondence of persons not authorized
by law to frank mailable matter. Unless something
is done speedily by Congress to check this serious
mischief the annual appropriation to cover the
transmission of lrec matter will have to be increased
from $700,000 to at least ?1,000,000. To avoid the
continuance of this seriousabusein theusc of namos
of members of Congress without their knowledge or
consent, I again urge that tho law be so changed
aa to lequirc the wnttcn signature of the person
exorcising the franking privtlego upon the matter
franked; and to relieve the heads of Departments
and bureaus of great labor, that a franking clerk
be authorized bylaw for each Department of the
Government, with the authority to frank all matter
pertaining to the Department for which he is so
appointed."
Again, in his report for the year 1868, Post-
master General Randall said:
" I have twice in my annual reports called atten-
lion to the gross'a,buses of the franking privilege,
ll becomes my duty again tospeak of the frauds per-
petrated upon the revenues of the Post Office Depart-
ment by these abuses. I have had occasion frequently
during the past year to call thoattcntion of members
of Congress to tho use of their names in sending
mailable matter free under a facsimile frank. Three
dollars will buy tho fac simile frank of any member
ol Congress, and Iho use of it by claim agents and
biibiness men in cities, in sending books, periodicals,
1 otters, and business circulars, defrauds tho Depart-
ment out of immense sums of money. It is estimated
thatthe lo>s to the Department by this species of
abuse of the franking privilege has amounted to from
one million to one million and a half dollars during
the past year. On former occasionsl have urged, in
order to avoid the continuance of this serious cheat in
tho use of names of members of Congress without
thei v knowledge or consent,that tho law beso changed
as to require the written signatuieof the person exer-
cising the franking privilege upou the matter franked;
and torehevetheheadsofDepartments andbureaus
ot great labor, that a franking clerk be authorized
by law for each Department of the Government, with
tho light to frank all matter pertaining to the De-
partment forwhich he isso appointed; andto relieve
members of Congress from great labor and care, that
one or more franking clerks be appointed for each
Jfonse of Congress, to franksuch letters and public
documents as it is desirable to send free through the
mails. I have thus far failed to secure any attention
to these urgent appeals, and am becoming satisfied
that the only way to avoid an abuse which is becom-
ing systematized, and which is so severe a tax upon
the levenues of tho Department, is to abolish the
franking privilege altogether.''
There is much more in the reports of the
several heads of this great Department in the
years that have passed that 1 should like to
present to the Senate : but probably I should
be occupying too much of the Senate's valuable
time if I were to read any further from these
reports. The report of the Postmaster General
of this year shows that the franking privilege
is now enjoyed by about thirty-two thousand
officials.
Mr. SUMNKR. Including postmasters?
Mr. RAMSEY. Including postmasters.
Mr. NYE. From what document is the Sen-
ator about to read?
Mr. RAMSEY. The report of the present
Postmaster General.
Mr. COLE. I would inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads if that number, thirty-two thou-
sand , includes the publishers of small papers
that send their papers free through the mails/
Mr. RAMSEY. I think there is no such
class of persons enumerated in this list. This
comprises the officials who exercise the frank-
ing privilege.
