1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
undividedly, by their own share of the profit-
able results to accrue from it; but I could
hardly hope to persuade them in that view to
authorize the tax and then reduce collections
on the canal to the mere covering of the ex-
pense of maintenance. And there would be
110 justice in such arrangement. When the
benefits to bo purchased, as in this case, are
national the purchase should be national. The
time has come when the " Grand Erie canal,"
as it was early named, should bo adopted among
the subjects of the care of the Government of
the United States, and when steps should be
taken toward making it a free public highway—
as free as the lakes and rivers which it joins
together, saving the small due that may justly
be collected for its maintenance in repair. This
is consonant with the spirit in which the canal
was conceived, and which has always been
manifested by the leading men of New York.
A cheapening of the charges for transporta-
tion involves among its consequences: an im-
mense stimulation of the production of the
West, by leason of the larger share in the
ultimate selling price of his products which is
left to the producer; a vastly widened open-
ing of foreign markets to our breadstuffs and
all staple productions of the American interior,
on which the cost of transportation to the sea-
board so often lays a practical embargo ; an
incalculable augmentation of the extent and
activity of the trade between the East and the
West, affecting the prosperity of every section
and every individual; and, more important
than all, as it appears to me, the perpetuation
of the guarantee which a free highway of cheap
water navigation affords to commerce against
the establishment of any oppressive combina-
tion and monopoly in the carrying trade by
great controlling corporations.
By the existing constitution of the State
ctrtain sums are required to be set apart each
vear from the revenue of the eanala to be ap-
plied to sinking funds for the extinguishment
of several debts charged to the canals. It is
no doubt rightly considered that these provis-
ions of the constitution are in the nature of
"sacred pledges" made to the creditors of
the State, which would be violated if the col-
lection of surplus revenues from the canals
were caused to cease before the extinguish-
ment of the debts in question. They constitute
liens, in fact, upon our canals, which require
to be in some manner discharged before we
have the power to liberate the trafiic of the
canals from tolls. We can only obtain the
demanded removal of tolls at once by im-
mediately procuring the extinguishment of
these debts of the State. The obligation to
release the State from this debt, iu order to
enable her to cease the imposition of lolls upon
her main canals, naturally and rightiy rests
upon the General Government. The immense
national benefit of free water transportation
is cheaply to be purchased at a cost or
315,000,000; and 1 am convinced that the
great national interests concerned in the mat-
ter will largely support the proposition.
The proposition is beforo yon, gentlemen,
with the prominent reasons sustaining it pre-
sented, if not to their best advantage, at least
candidiy and fairly. I might have extended
the argument much farther than I have done.
A good manv considerations of importance have
been omitted. I havo confined my view almost
wholly to the interest which the Northwest has
in the measure proposed, because that is the
interest, surpassing every Other in magnitude,
and because it is the demand of the Northwest
for relief from the commercial restrictions upon
its production which is urging Congress to un-
dertake some improvement of the avenues of
traffic oceaa-ward. But there are other fields
of production largely concerned in the question
of cheapening transportation on the Brie canal.
THE PESXSYtVAMA COAL TUi.DE.
I might appeal to the representatives of
Pennsylvania for their support to this measure
41st Coxa. 2d Sess.—No. 149.
in behalf of the coal trade, which is so import-
ant to their State. I doubt if they are aware
of the extent to which that trade owes its devel-
opment to the Brie canal and to the tributaries
of the Erie canal. I doubt if they have ever
been led to acquaint themselves with the mag-
nitude of the present movement of coal_by the
canals of New York. If they will examine the
relation in which those canals stand to the
mining interests of Pennsylvania they will see
that the question of cheaper transportation
iuvolved in the bill which I have introduced is
one that comes home vere closely to them. In
1851 the total amount of coal carried on the
New York canals was 80,127 tons. In 1868 it
was 1,611,699 tons, and to this magnitude it
had risen during the nineteen years by a steady
annual increase, doubling with almost exact
regularity every five years. At the same ratio
of augmentation continued, the coal traffic of
the canals will have become in ten years about
equal in tonnage to the whole existing traffic
upon them, and in fifteen years it would swell
to proportions exceeding their present capacity
if the channel were exclusively given up to the
carrying of coal. So far, the main movement
of coal on the canals is from the anthracite beds
of eastern Pennsylvania northward and west-
ward ; but cheaper transportation will inevit-
ably induce an equal movement of bituminous
coals from central and northern Pennsylvania
to the Bast and stop their importation from
Nova Scotia for gas-making and other uses.
Looking at this state of facts, our neighbors iu
Pennsylvania must see that they have an inter-
est second to noue in the improvement of the
New York canals.
THE INTEREST OP BOSTON".
1 think, too, that if the people of Boston, and
of New England generally, will carefully in-
vestigate the matter it will appear conclusive
to them that their railroad connections with the
terminus of an enlarged and cheapened'Erie
canal at Troy or Albany must be of more value
to them by far than those with the St. Lawrence
at Ogdensburg and Gape Vincent can possibly
bo made.
COKOI.USIO.N".
But I must not go further in my subject. It
is almost endless in its bearings, and from
whatever point it is viewed there seems to mc
nothing but confirmation of the argument with
which I started, that the improvement of the
Erie canal is a work which comes legitimately
within the domain of the proper duties of the
General Government of the United States, and
which is in the direction of the truest policy
of public economy, because its results will
compensate a hundredfold the people^ whose
money is invested in it. This principle of
policy, as I have attempted to show, will lead
the Government into no unlimited field of
loose and reckless expenditure. It marks out
and strictly defines a logical system of internal
improvements, applied to the completing and
making perfect of the two great trunk systems
of waterway with which our continent has been
naturally furnished. The recognition of it
began when the deepening of a channel across
the St. Clair fiats was undertaken by author-
ity of Congress, and its results in that one in-
stance have been seen in the immense enlarge-
ment of vessels navigating the lakes which has
taken place since. In 1850 the maximum
cargo of grain vessels on the lakes was twenty-
two thousand bushels of wheat. Now, we are
already able to count a numerous fleet of ships,
among the finest in the world, which singly
transport from forty to fifty thousand bushels
of the same cereal at a load, and obviously
with a great diminution of cost.
The same principle will lead us to a favor-
able consideration of the proposal made in
Michigan, that the Sault Ste. Marie canal into
Lake Superior be transferred to the General
Government and enlarged as a national work.
It will also support the appeal for aid to carry
out both the Fox river improvement in Wis-
consin and that of the Illinois river and canal,
for the purpose of giving easily procured an d
advantageous connections by water between
the Mississippi river and Lake Michigan, and
check the enormous rates charged by railroad
routes centering in the upper lake ports.
These fates hie so enormous that they are fre-
quently in excess of the amount charged for
transportation from Chicago to New York. It
will justify no less liberaj. measures for the
benefit of navigation oa the Mississippi, the
Ohio, and the Missouri, wherever they may be
needed to promote commerce by removing
hinderances from its path * on those great
streams.
To such a consistent system of internal im-
provements I most earnestly commend this
Government in the name of economy itself,
holding the large import of that much-abused
term in view. If we to whom the people have
delegated the powers of legislation will govern
ourselves by this wise principle, briaging a
spirit of national enterprise into action where
results of national advantage are to be gained,
and refusing with steadfast firmness to lower
the policy of the Government to that of an
indiscriminate patronage, which may bessram-
bled for and lobbied for in the interest of
private speculations and local schemes, I know
that we shall have the approval of our constit-
uencies and that we shall be honored in the
memory of future times, when the fruits of
what wo do have fully ripened.
I have set forth the main view of the facts
in this vastly important matter, as they present
themselves to my mind, with as much distinc-
tion as I can, and havo suggested ihe measures
which, it appears to me, we are imperatively
called upon to adopt. I submit them to your
consideration and to the people for candid and
thoughtful judgment. I am confident that so
far as you can be induced to carefully ponder
the subject, you will agree with me fully, and I
hope will support the carrying through of the
policy proposed.
Mr. GILFILLAN. Mr. Speaker, many of
the important questions growing out of the rebel-
lion have been adjusted by this aud previous ses-
sions of Congress. Bounties and pensions, as
liberal as the crippled condition of our finances
would warrant, have been provided for our sol-
diers and the surviving widows and orphans of
those who perished on the altar of their country.
Thethreeor fourmillion slaves whose shackles
were, through the intervention of Providence,
incidentally stricken off in the conflict, and who
were left in a most destitute condition by rea-
son of the abject servitude in which they had
been held, have received such care as human-
ity required and justice demanded. The States
which in an hour of madness treasonably at-
tempted to tear themselves from the Union and
destroy this great Government of the people
will soon have all been restored to their proper
relations with the Union, onder such restrictions
and on such conditions as give, I trust, ample
seenrity against a repetition in the future of
their reckless folly and wanton crime. Our
national Constitution has been so amended as
to securo to all men, without regard to race,
color, or previous condition, equality before
the law. The great doctrines of the Declara-
tion of Independence, the disregard of which
has so long and justly reproached us, have at
last been fully recognized and incorporated in
our Constitution and laws. The last vestige
of human slavery, the hateful relic of barbar-
ism, has been blotted from our statute-books*
and our institutions are now consistent with
themselves. Universal suffrage, an essential
element of free Government, is made part of
our fundamental law by the "fifteenthamend-
ment," and.we now present-to the world a Gov-
ernment remodeled on the great principle-thai,
"all men are created equal.-1
The Republican party, Mr. Speaker, has great
reason for Belcongratulation, and Biay chat-
the admiration of the friends of freedom
