1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1425
the rapidity with which she has filled up in
population and increased in wealth and power.
• Iowa is an illustration of what these grants
have done for the western States. They have
opened up lands to emigration, and men have
gone there and found a home. There have
been more of these land grants in Iowa and
fewer scrip transactions than in any other State
of the West since this policy was inaugu-
rated; and look at her unexampled prosper-
ity. The 7,331,207 acres that were granted
to railroads secured the same amount to set-
tlers ; and look at the effect. We must judge
of it by its results. Suppose there had been
seven millions of scrip located there instead
of seven millions granted to railroads; sup-
pose the scrip had not been legislated out by
means of these railroad grants, where do you
think Iowa would have been to-day? I think
that Iowa is the best of argument for this
policy of distributing land. Michigan has had
5.327,930 acres; Wisconsin, 5,378,360 acres;
Minnesota, 7,783,403 acres; Kansas, 7,753,000
acres; California, 2,060,000 acres; Oregon,
1,GOO,000 acres.
It will be recollected that California and
Oregon are very large in territory, much larger
than several of these other States ; and these
statements must be taken comparatively. Of
the land granted for railroads there have been
22,000,000 acres patented; but with those
22,000,000 acres there have been more results
produced than by any 22,000,000 acres of land
ever disposed of by the Government. Perhaps
there is more ready to be patented, but there
have been only 22,000,000 acres patented thus
far; the railroads have beeu built, and where
the roads have been built the country has been
prosperous and nobody complains. Now, gen-
tlemen talk about the corporations holding
these lands. Why, sir, the railroad company
to which such a grant is made must live, and
hence it must sell the lands, and sell them to
settlers. It is not a corporation to hold land.
The analogies of corporations grasping lands
do not hold in this case. The railroad would
be destroyed if the company did not sell its
land. The necessity for business, that the road
may live, compels them to sell their land, and
there has been no complaint on that score that
amounts to anything. The people have been
satisfied. The railroads have to sell the land.
One half of itis already distributed and secured
to preemption and homestead settlers, drawn
out of the market, and taken in that way.
Mr. CASSERLY. My friend, the Senator
from Nevada, will pardon me. As he seems to
have examined this subject, I should be glad
to know from him what proportion of the large
land grants made to the Central Pacific and
Union Pacific railroads have passed into pri-
vate ownership, that is, have passed into the
hands of purchasers from those railroad com-
panies?
Mr. STEWART. I believe the Senator has
traveled over that country, and I should like to
ask him what proportion of it will ever fall into
the hands of anybody to use it?
Mr. CASSERLY. I shall discuss that sub-
ject at some other time. The question I ask
the Senator is for the purpose of testing the
soundness of the assertion he has just made,
that by making these large grants to railroad
companies we put them in a position where
the necessities of the companies compel them
to dispose of the land rapidly. What I want
to ask is, whether the Senator is aware that any
considerable portion of the lands of the Cen-
tral Pacific Railroad Company have been sold
by that company up to this date ?
Mr. STEWART. I am aware of this, and
the world knows it, that there has been ten
times as much sold and occupied as would have
been occupied without the road; I do not know
the amount the company have sold; I have not
examined their books ; but not an acre of it
would have been sold without the road, and
the only possibility of disposing of it was by
the making of the road. It could not be util-
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 90.
ized by man without a road. Why preserve
those lands for the Apache Indians? Why
plead for barbarism? Why not plead for civil-
ization ? Why talk about the American peo-
ple being robbed and the world being robbed
of these lands when the energy of this nation is
attempting to open up the continent? The
lands on the lines of the Central Pacific and
Union Pacific railroads were a waste without the
road ; but there are some good lands on these
lines, and by means of a road a great quantity
of land will be utilized, mines will be devel-
oped, and the country will progress; but with-
out a road it was all reserved for desolation.
Mr. CASSERLY. I will say to the Senator
that my impression is that the companies are
still holding nearly the entire amount of lands
granted to them. If the Senator from Nevada
is of the contrary opinion I should be glad to
hear it. I refer especially to the Central Pa-
cific Railroad Company, because, from the fact
of that company being a California corpora-
tion, I suppose he aud I know more about its
affairs than we do about the other companies.
Mr. STEWART. I appeal to anybody who
has traveled over the road to say whether land
on the line of that railroad would be worth a
cent without the road. In my State there was
only one person on the line of the road from
the Truckee river to Salt Lake when that road
was started from the Truckee river, after cross-
ing the mountains. Two years ago there was
but a single inhabitant, and now I suppose there
are fifteen or twenty thousand inhabitants right
along the line of the road taking up farms.
There was only one man, and he had a ranch,
with some stock on the Humboldt river. I do
not remember his name; but there was only one
man living on a line of five hundred miles, and
he was simply ranching some stock. Now
towns are building up and the country is being
developed. To say that it v/as a mistake to
give away half of that land is very foolish. I
think it is well to give to our people one half
any tract of wild land for them to make it the
home of man. If they will make it the home
of man, and introduce the arts of civilization,
instead of leaving it to desolation, let them
do so. There is no complaint of these land
grants coming from the people. Pass them
with proper restrictions and everybody wants
them.
To all the States there have been fifty-eight
million acres of lands granted for railroad pur-
poses. The probability is that forty million
acres of that quantity are available lands.
Twenty-two millions have already been pat-
ented. This system has done more for the
United States than any other one thing. It has
done more for the western population than any
other one thing. The Pacific railroad grants
cover a very large area of land, it is true ; but
much of it is a desert, and all of it would be
utterly inaccessible and utterly worthless, and
would always remain so but for the construc-
tion of a railroad.
Take the Southern Pacific railroad, of which
grant complaint is made. Look at the expense
of carrying on the operations of the War De-
partment in Arizona alone. The expense of
freight on the Government supplies would pay
interest on bonds enough to build the road.
The military service in that region costs us from
four to six million dollars per annum. You
have set up territorial governments and in-
vited emigration there. How is it to get there ?
Would you rather give that country to the In-
dians ; give it over to the Apaches ; give it to
barbarism; give it to desolation, than to allow
the American people to open it for homes for
themselves and their fellow-beings who are to
come here from Europe?
Mr. President, I will not protract this dis-
cussion. I will not enlarge upon the benefits
of railroads. I will not trace the history of
railroads. That has been done in a masterly
manner in a report, which I hold in nay hand,
from the Committee on the Pacific Railroad,
in which much valuable information is col-
lected, showing what railroads have done in
multiplying wealth in Europe and America,
and showing what we are with railroads and
what we should be without them. Without
railroads this Government could not have sus-
tained the war against the rebellion for one
month ; without railroads it could not pay the
interest on the national debt for one year ;
without this enormous agency that is brought
to bear to develop the resources of this coun-
try we should be bankrupt as a nation. If we
would progress we must go on and develop
this continent. It has been the policy of ihe
obstructionists of all ages, it has beeu the policy
of the anti-progressionists, to oppose all im-
provements, to oppose all progress, to reserve
this world for desolation and barbarism.
I expect to see this hemisphere bound to-
gether by railroads. I expect to see in my
time a railroad stretching from this continent
to the South American continent. I expect a
greater development from railroads than has
ever been dreamed of heretofore ; and until
those who desire to go forward and occupy
these deserts, until those who wish to go for-
ward and occupy these public lands complain
of this system of giving them the means of
getting them there and protecting them when
they are there, the opposition comes with ill
grace from States that have not given the mat-
ter any investigation or have had their full
quantum. It has been the policy of the Gov-
ernment for twenty years, and every Congress
for the last twenty years has had it under con-
sideration, and it has been discussed from time
to time, and often assailed, but its intrinsic
merit in distributing the public lands and de-
veloping the resources of the country has so
commended it to the American people that it
has been sustained. Think you, if this had
been an odious policy; think you, if this had
been operating to produce great monopolies in
the West, that representatives from that section
would have come here steadily for twenty years
and always advocated it? It has been assailed
before. Think you it would have stood this
long through all parties ?
There is not a year for twenty years that
these grants have not been made. They have
been often discussed. I have heard them dis-
cussed repeatedly for the last five years, and
their beneficial effect has always commended
them to the consideration of Congress. On
the contrary, these other grants for military
land warrants and college scrip have all been
comprised in a few acts and have been swept
away. These railroad land grants have come
up in detail and have borne the test of investi-
gation. The more you investigate them the
more you will see that they have distributed
the lands, they have made improvements for
the good of the country, they have given labor
to the poor. Stop the building of railroads in
the West, stop progress in the West, give that
region over to barbarism, and you will have
starvation in the East; but let the car of
progress proceed, let us have more railroads,
let us have more enterprise, let us call for the
labor of the East to manufacture more cars,
more steam-engines, and more iron to build
them of. Let us develop the wealth of the
country. Why stand still? That is not Amer-
ican. We must go forward. We have a great
national debt to pay. AVe have illimitable
resources ; let us avail ourselves of them. Let
us have no Chinese policy now. The power
of America is too well established. Our de-
termination to develop this continent is felt
and known. The great heart of the United
States says, "Let us have railroads; let us
have farms where the people can get them.
If nature has not given us oceans and rivers
to transport our produce, we will make artifi-
cial means of conveyance; we will overcome all
obstacles." Modern science, modern energy,
under the lead of the free institutions of tlie
United States, will do something with that
desert between here and California which is
so much depreciated. It has unbounded wealth
