5202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
the time required to get it together and furnish
it, any information that this House or the other
should require at hishands, whatever his opin-
ion might be as to the wisdom of making it
public. This is less than two weeks, less than
one week in fact, from the 29th of June.
Now, I happen to know from the course of
business in the Treasury Department that res-
olutions that I have introduced, and introduced
at the request of the Treasury Department, on
consultation, in order that certain facts neces-
sary to legislation might be made public, have
been weeks before they could be reached in
order to be answered. There they keep a reg-
ular account of them, and the first resolution
that comes the clerks go to work upon and
answer that first, as they ought to do, so that
every gentleman who introduces a resolution
shall have a fair opportunity to have the inform-
ation ho requires.
Now, I submit to my honorable friend if
this is not a little unkind. I know he does not
intend anything wrong, but the fact that such
a resolution as this is here on our table is a
standing reproach to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and I appeal to my honorable friend from
Kentucky to withdraw this resolution for a few
days and see if the information does not come
in the regular way. If he will not do that, I
shall move that it be referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs, as it relates to the business
of that committee, that we may have a report
whether there is anything in the conduct of the
Secretary of the Treasury that justifies such an
imputation as that contained in the resolution ;
but I hope my friend from Kentucky will with-
draw it.
Mr. DAYIS. I was not disposed, and it is
averse to my feeling, that this matter should
take up any time; but I will now withdraw it,
and give the reason in a word or two. It is
more than two weeks since I wrote the usual
courteous letter to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, informing him that 1 had been authorized
by the Committee on Indian Affairs to apply
to him for that information. He never re-
sponded to that letter. I did not expect him
to do it, and I did not care whethf r he did or
not. After waiting five or six days, and re-
ceiving no response to that letter, i sent to the
Treasury Department, and I furnished thehead
of the bureau with a memorandum of the dates
of each payment, just five payments upon this
claim; and any mercantile establishment that
keeps books in the ordinary form could have
furnished the information in half an hour's
time by a reference to the ledgers. If books
are kept at all at the Treasury Department,
when they were furnished with the name of
the claim, the amount of each payment, and
the date of each payment, all they had to do
was to refer to their books to ascertain the
payments.
Mr. CONKLING. May I ask a question of
the Senator ?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. Is it not true, within the
Senator's knowledge, that a letter such as he
speaks of is referred to the appropriate clerk
or head of bureau ? When he visited the De-
partment he went and spoke to the head of a
bureau, and assuming that there is any cause
of complaint, the laches has occurred on the
part of this head of bureau or his subordinate,
whoever it may have been, whose duty it was to
answer this inquiry. Now, we all know that the
Secretary of the Treasury, with only one pair
of hands like the rest of us, does not do this
with his own fingers ; it is not his manual act;
and therefore the censure, if it is to be applied
at all, I submit to the honorable Senator, ought
to be applied to somebody else ; perhaps he
knows who, and perhaps he does not; I do not
know. But I submit to him that it is not in
accordance with his ordinary considerateness
and kindness, which I must say I think are very
great, to impute to ihe Secretary of the Treas-
ury, upon the fact which he stales, any blame,
for it seems to me the statement that he makes
shows conclusively that the Secretary of the
Treasury personally and individually cannot be
to blame or in default in regard to this mat-
ter.
Mr. DAYIS. My honorable friend from
New York does not apprehend the facts of the
case as they took place. I addressed this letter
personally, such a letter as I had received in-
formation from other Departments upon fre-
quently.
Mr. CONIiLING. But that is referred to a
subordinate.
Mr. DAYIS. That I-admit. But the Sec-
retary not only paid no attention to that letter,
but after waiting some week or eight days I
then moved the Senate for a resolution against
the Secretary himself, and I asked the Clerk
to send it immediately to the Secretary, which
he did. The date of that resolution has been
given. There has been no response to that
resolution, and no notice taken of it.
Mr. CONKLING. There has not been lime
to respond to it.
Mr. HOWE. Will my friend from Ken-
tucky allow me to make a suggestion to him
there? He says the Secretary paid no atten-
tion to his letter. Does he know that the Sec-
rotary did not do what he does with all such
letters—refer it to the head of the proper
bureau.
Mr. DAVIS. What I mean is this: he did
not inform me that he had received my letter.
I have no doubt—1 know—that he did refer it
to the head of the proper bureau; but the head
of the bureau did not respond, and when the
resolution of the Senate admonished the Sec-
retary that after such delay the information
had not been furnished he was then admon-
ished personally, and he has acted in the man-
ner he has done. All I desired was to bring
the matter to the attention of the Senate. 1
have no ill will against the Secretary of the
Treasury. My object is achieved. I do not
care what becomes of the resolution.
Air. WILSON. I wish to say to the Sen-
ator frora Kentucky that I believe he is engaged
in a good cause, that his object is to ferret
out a wrong against the Government. I have
great confidence in his motive and purpose
and his general integrity on a.ll these questions.
I have known the Secretary of the Treasury a
long time ; I have lived in his county for thirty
years, and I know there must be some mistake
about this matter. He is a man of unques-
tioned integrity. I know no man in this body
or anywhere in the country in whom I have
more confidence than I have in the Secretary
of the Treasury.
Mr. DAVIS. If the honorable Senator will
permit me, after the assurances and desires
expressed by various Senators, I ask leave to
withdraw the resolution.
Mr. WILSON. I am very glad of it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution is withdrawn.
DISTRICT POLICE COUO.T.
Mr. IiAMLIN asked, and by "unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1040) to amend an act entitled "An act
to establish a police court for the District of
Columbia, and for other purposes," approved
June 17, 1870; which was read twice by its
title.
Mr. HAMLIN. We passed a bill a few weeks
ago establishing a police court in this District,
which provides that "the said police court
shall hold a term on the first Monday of every
month." The justice for that police court was
nominated by the president and confirmed by
the Senate, and his commission was made out;
but in the absence of the President it tailed to
be signed, and he could not, therefore, as he
was ready to do, open his court yesterday. All
the lawyers, I think, who examined it will see
that he cannot hold another court until the
first Mouday i,C next mouth. This is a very
brief bill of three or four lines to authorise
him to hold his term as soon as he shall be
qualified; and I ask to have it put on its pas-
sage at once.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear it
read before I consent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
read, subject to objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object.
■ Mr. HAMLIN. Oh, no; let it pass.
Mr.TRUMBULL. My billhas been objected
to by others.
Mr. HAMLIN. I did not object to it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. You have not objected ;
but others have, and I gave notice that 1 shall
object to everything that was out of order and
required unanimous consent.
Mr. HAMLIN. There is no criminal juris-
diction here now for thefts of articles under
thirty-live dollars in value.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am for the bill, but
we must take our chances.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the bill cannot be considered
to-day.
Mr. LEWIS. I ask the Senate to procced
to the consideration of 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to unanimous
consent being given for any purpose.
Mr. LEWIS. Then 1 move to pass overall
others orders to take up the bill 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A motion
to pass over cannot be made except by unan-
imous consent until the morning business is
disposed of, and then a motion to postpone
will be in order.
Mr. EENTON, Is the introduction of bills
in order?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. EEN'l'ON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (8.
N'o. 1039) to incorporate the Tehuantepec Rail-
way and Ship-Canal Company ; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committeeon
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SCOT I' asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint, resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 240) granting condemned guns
to the Franklin County Monumental Associa-
tion at Chambersburg, Franklin county, Penn-
sylvania ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BOREMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 241) transferring con-
demned ordnance to the Governor of West Vir-
ginia to be placed in National Soldiers' Ceme-
tery at Grafton, in that State ; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committeeon
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ABBOTT submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to the bill (H. R. No.
2092) making appropriations for the repair,
preservation, and completion of certain public
works on rivers and harbors, and for other
purposes, for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1871; which was referred to the Committeeon
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
PROPOSED RECESS.
Mr. THAYER. I move that the Senate
take a recess to-day at half past four o'clock
until half past seven o'clock, for the purpose
of considering to-night the bills named the
other evening when a similar motion was made,
the Oriental Steam Navigation Company bill,
the Massachusetts claims, and the Australian
steamship bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection, and
I hope that the proposition for an evening ses-
sion will be adopted, but for the purpose of
going on with the tax bill, if it is not concluded
then.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does that motion require
unanimous consent?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, ltdoes not.
Mr. SII1511 MAN. 1 object to the last clause.
I'iie PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator Irom Ohio asks 1 hat the motion be divided.
