1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3315
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, May 10, 1870.
prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
mas, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
petitions and memorials.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented resolu-
tions of the Grand Encampment of the depart-
ment of New York, Grand Army of the Repub-
lic, in favor of the adoption of a plan for the
monthly payment of pensions; which were
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. FERRY presented the petition of Sarah
N. Eagleton, praying an extension of the let-
ters-patent granted to her husband, Joseph
Eagleton, May 20,1836, and reissued June 24,
185(5, for a new and useful improvement in
anneaiing furnaces; which was referred to the
Committee on Patents.
Mr. PRATT presented the petition of Nancy
S.Ledford, widow of Christopher M. Ledford,
late private company F second North Carolina
mounted infantry, praying to be allowed a pen-
sion ; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. PRATT. I also present a memorial
of citizens of Elkhart county, in the State
of Indiana, who remonstrate earnestly against
the passage of House bill No. 1492, for the
extension of John Young's patent for washing
and wringing machines. They say in their
remonstrance that the effect of the extension
of the patent would be to increase the cost of
these necessary household articles, already too
heavily burdened with patent tariffs. Accord-
ing to their best information not less than two
hundred thousand wringing machines are man-
ufactured and sold per annum, and this num-
ber is increasing yearly. It will be, in their
opinion, greatly for the interest of the public
if the price of these necessary articles can be
Teducedto some reasonable proportion to their
cost of manufacture. If this patent is ex-
tended this will be impossible, as they know
from past experience; and at least $100,000
per annum will flow into the treasury of the few/
wnich, without injury to any person, should
remain in the pockets of the many.
I move the reference of this memorial to the
Committee on Patents.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Committee
on Patents have reported on that subject, and
it will be laid on the table.
Mr. PRATT. Adversely or favorably ?
The VICE PRESIDEN T. The Chair thinks
adversely. The memorial will be laid on the
table.
Mr. LEWIS presented the petitions of John
A. B. Thornton, Gloucester county, Virginia;
of Selas Shaples, Albemarle county, Virginia;
of H. G.Segar, Richmond,Virginia; of George
A. Lipscomb, Charlotte county, Virginia, and
Thomas Cheatham, Lunenburg county,
Virginia, praying the removal of their political
disabilities; which were referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. McCREERY presented the petitions of
R. M.Young, John H. Arthur, and YV. J. Can-
trell, of Calhoun, Gordon county, Georgia,
praying the removal of their political disabil-
ities; which were referred to the select Com-
mi'jee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, presented a peti-
tion of women employed as sweepers and
scrubbers in the Treasury Department, pray-
"ig an increase of compensation ; which was
re'®rred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. COLE presented the petition of Maria
A. .Burton, widow of Henry S. Burton, late
colonel of fifth regiment of artillery, United
states Army, and brevet brigadier general,
praying an increase of her pension ; which was
erred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petitions of
£Hotnag W. Dandridge, M. D., of Madison,
oclunghara county, Virginia, and of Sabat
Griffin, of Brunswick, Virginia, praying the
removal of their political disabilities; which
were referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. SHERMAN presented resolutions of j
the Cleveland Labor Union, against grants of
lands to railroad companies and other corpora-
tions ; which were referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
He also presented the petition of Anne
Jeffries, of Wheeling, West Virginia, praying
arrears of pension; which was referred to the '
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the petition of
Sebastian Riechert, praying that the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office be directed
to state an account with him in relation to cer
tain lands in St. Clair county, Illinois, and that
he be refunded the amount of purchase-money
with six per cent, interest from the time that
payment was made for such lands ; which was
referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
Mr. McDONALD presented resolutions of
the Legislature of Arkansas, in favor of a grant
of one hundred sections of land to the Arkan-
sas Institute for the Blind; which were referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. POMEROY. I present a memorial in
the nature of a protest against the bill propos-
ing to make a territorial government for the ,
District of Columbia, unless the right of suf-
frage be extended to all citizens without regard
to sex. The memorialists represent that if all
the citizens of this District who are citizens of
the United States should be allowed to vote
they would favor the government of this Dis-
trict in that manner, but not otherwise. As
the Committee on the District of Columbia
have reported on this subject, I move that the
memorial lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER presented the memorial of
S. Allen's Sons, of Greenfield, Massachusetts,
remonstrating against the extension of the pat-
ent of John Young for washing and wringing
machines; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. SUMNER. I also present the petition
of N. H. Wood, of Portage city, Wisconsin,
asking that Congress will provide for a farther
increase of the circulation of the national banks,
and setting forth ways and means to secure a
return to specie payments. I move the refer-
ence of this petition to the Committee on
Finance.
The motidn was agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. I present a petition of
citizens of Yolo and Solano counties, Califor- !
nia, bordering on the Rio de los Putos, pray-
ing for the establishment of a post route from
Vacaville to Buckeye, a distance of about
twenty miles. The district is a very important
and growing agricultural one, and I respect-
fully commend the petition to the favorable
consideration of the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads, to which I move its reference. ;1
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG presented the petition of
John S. Smith, of New Orleans, Louisiana,
praying the removal of his political disabili- j
ties; which was referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities. i|
He also presented the petition of William H.
Colledge, praying compensation for clerical
labor performed in the Third Auditor's Office, j|
Treasury Department, from May 11 to the 11th ;
of October, 1859; which was referred to the j
Committee on Claims.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of Charles
Stoddard and other citizens of the United |
States, praying for a reduction or repeal of j
the legacy and succession taxes; which was j
referred to the Committee on Finance. i
reports of committees. ,(
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am instructed by the jj
Committee on Finance, to whom was referred J
the bill (S. No. 651) declaratory of an act
entitled "An act to provide increased revenue
from imports, to pay interest on the public
debt, and for other purposes," approved Au-
gust 5, 1861, to report it back with amend-
ments. I will state that the object of the bill
is to provide for the repayment of certain
duties imposed on the importation of Russia
hemp. The Committee on Finance are unan-
imously of the opinion that the act of Congress
approved August 5, 1861, by which a duty of
forty dollars per ton was imposed upon unman-
ufactured Russia hemp, while at the same time
a duty of twenty-five dollars per ton was im-
posed upon Manila and other hemps, is in
violation of the treaty between the United
States and Russia, made on the 11th of May,
1833, by which it was provided that no higher
or other duty should be imposed upon the im-
portation into the United States of any article
the produce or manufacture of Russia than
was imposed upon like articles the produce or
manufacture of any other foreign country. A
majority of the committee are of the opinion
that the duties that were collected upon the
importation of Russia hemp in violation of
this treaty ought to be refunded, and the bill
that I have reported is to provide for refunding
them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am not able to agree
with the report of the committee as to the
necessity or propriety of refunding duties
already paid by citizens of the United States.
I think they have no just cause to complain,
although I agree with the committee that the
duty on Russia hemp is in Violation of the
spirit of the treaty. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to report a bill to correct in
the future the levy of the duty on Russia hemp,
or to make the duty on Russia hemp the same
as on Manila hemp; but I do not think we
ought'to refund what has already been paid.
The bill (S. No. 896) relating to the duties
on Russia and other hemps was read and
passed to the second reading.
Mr. FERRY. The Committee to Audit and
•Control the Contingent Expenses of the Sen-
ate, to whom was referred a resolution to pay
to O. B. Hart the usual mileage of a Senator
for one session and the monthly pay from the
date of presenting his credentials until the
passage of the resolution declaring him not
entitled to a seat, have had the same under
consideration, and instructed me to report it
back to the Senate and recommend its passage;
and I ask for its present consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion?
Mr. CHANDLER. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the resolution will be placed on the
Calendar of resolutions.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee; on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
622) to.grant a pension to Nancy E. Amnions,
reported it without amendment, and submitted
a report; which was ordered to be printed. ■
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 682) to increase
the pension of Marie Antoinette Rousseau,
widow of the late General L. H. Rousseau, sub-
mitted an adverse report; which was ordered
to be printed; and on his motion, the bill was
indefinitely postponed-
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
William Spence, praying compensation for
property taken and used by the Army of the
United States in the yeara 1862 and 1863, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S.No.
897) for the relief of William Spenoe.
The bill was read, and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WARNER, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 804) in aid of the New Orleans, Baton
