1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1427
years in dealing with the public domain. I
think the day will come when Senators will find
it extremely difficult to justify to the country
the system of vesting those lands in large masses
in private corporations. That policy has given
to four railroad corporations within the last
six or eight years the gigantic amount of one
hundred and twenty-four million acres of land.
I refer to the Union Pacific, the Central Pacific,
the Northern Pacific, and the Atlantic and Pa-
cific railroads. They own by grants from Con-
gress one hundred and twenty-four million
acres of land. Do gentlemen know how much
land that is? In all France there are but a few
million more acres than that great amount; in i
all Germany, with her swarming millions, not !
much more. There are four States of this |
Union, no inconsiderable States either—the ■
States of New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania, and '
Virginia—which taken together contain but a ;
few thousand acres more than was vested by
Congress in those four railroad corporations, j
There is nothing like it in the history of the j
world. The objection now is not to aiding rail- i
roads, but it is to the continuance of this system
of lavishing on them the public domain by mil-
lions on millions of acres. Yet gentlemen say
that such a policy is one of progress and de-
velopment. They insist upon it; and demand
its continuance. They may one day awaken to
the reality that they have put a master upon
the back of the people of this country whom it
will be harder to take off than it was to put on.
These great landed monopolies are the object
of alarm to those whom an eminent citizen used
to call the plain people of the country; an object
of alarm particularly to the working people of
the United States, who, with an intuition that
is finer and truer than all your rhetoric, all your
ratiocination, all your philosophy, discern that
there is imminent danger in the policy of Con-
gress of granting to these private corporations
vast tracts of land, equal almost to half a con-
tinent, equal to half a dozen of your largest
States, and thereby investing them with the
overshadowing power which the possession of
the land gives in a free country. Why in a free
country? Because a free country cannot exist
without free land, and our institutions have to
rest, if they rest at all, on a great body of inde-
pendent freeholders. What becomes of them
if this policy is pursued ? Senators say because
the grants of land to railroads have been bene-
ficial in the past they are to be continued in the
future; because we have given away to railroads
one hundred and eighty-two million acres since
1850—I speak by the record—the same policy
must be pursued hereafter. It does not follow
because railroad companies have contributed to
develop the material resources of this country
that they should become the owners and hence
the rulers of the country.
The railroad is a great civilizer, it is said ;
bat I never have understood in what way it
added very materially to the moral forces of
the State, which are the real strength of the
Republic. I never have joined and I do not
now join in any outcry against corporations as
such; but I am equally far from concurring
in the extravagant eulogies of them to which
we have been treated to-day, and which must
have forced a smile from every dispassionate
listener. I am neither the assailant of corpor-
ations as such, nor their champion. They are
what they are, neither more nor less.
Now, what is it that the Senators on the other
side say? They insist that the present hour
must alone be regarded, and that to do this
the public domain must be given away to cor-
porations as rapidly as possible. In my judg-
ment that is a spendthrift idea, a system of
waste, that violates the true policy of admin-
istering the public lands. The Government
of the United States holds these lands in trust;
a sacred trust to be executed by it, not aban-
doned to private corporations. For whom
and for what is this trust ? Is it for us of to-
day, and us only? Is it merely for the progress
and development of to-day? No, sir; it is
not for to-day alone, but for to-day and the
many days that are hereafter. It is not for us
only; but for the race of free people that are
to possess this continent by countless millions
forever. These lands are their inheritance,
the field and the security of their civilization
and their liberties—an inheritance to be hus-
banded, and not to be squandered.
I beg Senators in dealing with this subject
to deal with it with some reference to the great
interests concerned, to the vital interests of
the American people in the long future ; with
some reference to the feelings, wishes, and
apprehensions of the great body of the people.
It would ill become the State of California to
reject an agency which has had so powerful a
part in her development. Her people under-
stand, however, what the dangers are that
menace them from the continuance of the policy
hitherto pursued by Congress. In that spirit,
friendly to railroad enterprises, willing they
should be aided by the Government, desiring
they should be aided in every proper case, they
simply ask Congress to change the practice of
vesting the lands ofthe country in great masses,
by States and empires, by title in these compa-
nies.
Is there anything unjust or unwise in that?
Is there anything in it that should be met
here with denunciations and cries of obstruc-
tion to progress ? Sir, the man who so speaks
of the people of California does great injustice
to the intelligent, enterprising, progressive
men of that State, who, without distinction of
party, have united in a declaration that rail-
roads should be aided, but without vesting in
them vast tracts of the public domain. Is there
anything wrong in this policy? I say, let it
be tried once before it is denounced by Sen-
ators as impracticable. As for me, that is the
platform built by the State which sends me
here, and I mean to stand upon it, even if I
stand alone.
As to the bill now before the Senate, I do
not say that I shall vote against it. It is in
many respects an improvement on the old sys-
tem. I shall be governed in my vote by what
shall occur in the progress of the debate, and
the effect of it upon my judgment.
Mr. DAVIS. I move an amendment to the
bill. On page 2 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair.) The Chair must inform the
Senator that the question is on the indefinite
postponement of the bill, and it is not open to
amendment.
Several Senators. Recommitted.
Mr. CASSERLY. Recommitted with instruc-
tions.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thatmotion
is pending, and an amendment is not now in
order.
. Mr. DAVIS. Whether an amendment be in
order or not, I have a word to say on the bill
itself.
I have always been a friend to railroads,
and I have voted for donations both of money
and land to railroads. I voted for the sub-
sidies of land and money to the great Pacific
railroads, but I think there was a great excess
of subsidy voted by Congress to those roads.
The money subsidy to some portions of that
line of road, I believe, amounted to $60,000
per mile; and besides that there was a most
enormous land subsidy voted to the same sec-
tions of the road; and the two companies, the
Central Pacific Railroad Company and the
Union Pacific Railroad Company, in the
aggregate length of their roads between the
town of Omaha and San Francisco, I think,
have a line of about seventeen hundred miles.
It was certainly the largest, the grandest rail-
road enterprise that had been attempted in the
world previously. It passed through that
extensive region over a desert of sandy coun-
try, and certainly there was much reason for
a very large subsidy in the construction of
that road. For that large subsidy I voted, but
subsequent facts have satisfied my mind that
it was too large. I have no doubt, sir, that
the proprietors of those two roads, and espe-
cially of the eastern section, will make im-
mense fortunes out of the land and money
subsidies voted by Congress for that work.
The true question in my mind is not whether
subsidies shall be continued or not, but whether
there shall be some reasonable limit to the
amount of subsidies that are granted to rail-
roads. The example of the Illinois Central
road has been brought to the attention of the
Senate very properly. What was the land sub-
sidy of that road ? It was every alternate sec-
tion on both sides of the road. That road has
been constructed and is now in operation, and
what is the value of the stock of that company
in the market at this time ? It is $1 40 in the
dollar. The capital stock of that company is
measured by shares of $100 each, ana every
share of stock in that road is worth to-day in
the market above one hundred and forty dol-
lars, and that upon a railroad the land subsidy
of which was but an alternate section of land
on either side of the road for its whole length.
Mr. WILLIAMS. What road is that?
Mr. DAVIS. The Illinois Central.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The Senator is mistaken.
The grant was five sections to the mile.
Mr. DAVIS. I am much obliged to the hon-
orable Senator for his correction; but now what
is his proposition? It is to double the amount
of land subsidy to this comparatively inconsid-
erable road in the State of Oregon. Here is a
road of about one hundred and thirty miles in
its aggregate extent to be constructed in the
State of Oregon, and the proposition is that
that road shall have a subsidy of land to the
extent of alternate sections for ten miles on
both sides. Thus the whole extent of the grant
upon both sides of the track will be an area of
twenty miles in width. The proposition of the
Senator from Oregon, then, is to give double
the amount of land subsidy that according to
his recollection was given to the Illinois Cen-
tral road. Now, I have a report of the value
of the stock of the Illinois Central railroad in
the market at this day, and it exceeds one
hundred and forty dollars for the share of
$100.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Allow me to suggest to
the Senator that the grant to the Illinois Cen-
tral railroad was through a prairie country
where every foot of the land was valuable for
cultivation, while this grant is through the
mountains where much of the land is fit for
nothing except for timber, so that there is a
vast difference. The grant made to the Illinois
Central was far more valuable than this will
be.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no doubt there is a
difference in the quality of the land and in its
value; but the results have proved that the
amount of land subsidy to the Illinois Central
railroad was excessive. The appreciation of
its stock in the market this day proves the
excess of the subsidy that was granted to that
road. Now, if the proposition in relation to
the Oregon road had been for the same quan-
tity of land that was bestowed as subsidy on
the Illinois Central road I do not know that I
should have had any material objection to it;
but the Illinois Central railroad was con-
structed from Cairo, or a point six miles above
Cairo, diagonally in a northeast direction across
the whole line of the State of Illinois. It at
that time was an immense line of railroad. It
was at a time when there was not much aggre-
gate surplus capital in the country to be appro-
priated to the construction of railroads, and
when there was enormous pecuniary difficulty
in the construction of that road.
That road was a great pioneer road. I nave
no doubt that the men who voted that subsidy
thought it not excessive, but reasonable and
proper. It secured the construction of that
road ; and large quantities of land bestowed
upon the company to aid in its construction, if
I understand, still belong to the company and
are offered in the market at from ten to twenty
