116
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
lucidity with whichhe did this work evinced that
the minor points were not concealed from his
view, though below his ambition to present.
Yet when it became his duty, from his position
in the Senate or from his place on committees,
to lead or close a debate upon any important
question, then he showed his general mastery
of affairs, and proved himself competent to
handle the gravest issues, whether involving
constitutional topics, finance, economy, peace
or war; and all that he needed, whether spring-
ing from a fresh glimpse of the subject or drawn
from the storehouse of his memory, appeared
instantly ready for his use.
Studious of facts, guilty of no nonsense, rev-
erent to the highest principles of liberty and
republican policy, cogent and severely logical
in argument, his speeches were always a marked
feature in any debate ; and if he encountered
any opposition that might seem to check his
career there was often a sharpness and point
in his rejoiners that caused him to be dreaded,
as for any scores so received he could not con-
tentedly long sit in arrears. Holding the for-
midable power of sarcasm within his compressed
lips it would sometimes escape in sport—quite
as often in bitter earnest. This pungency in
debate involved him in conflicts, not infre-
quently with his dearest friends,but they forgave
him as he forgave them, and he never withheld
a generous tribute to the real merits of even
those with whom he was least in accord, being
fastidiously observant not to forego praise in
such direstions, lest perhaps he should be
guilty of injustice.
When he spoke, with nerves as firm and
elastic as a Damascus blade, he bore himself
proudly and with graceful ease, always choosing
language the most simple, chaste, and fluent to
express his meaning ; and few beholding his
imperial bearing would have suspected his
sensitive and retiring nature, or that something
of nervous soreness and prostration followed
his every effort. He sought no felicity of
phraseology,except a direct and plump expres-
sion of his meaning. For grandiloquent ora-
tory he had no taste, but of that manly, unaf-
fected speech which is thoroughly in earnest to
force conviction upon the hearers he was a
consummate master. There was equal energy
in his thought and manner of delivery, but it is
not likely that he ever sought eloquence of any
description, or if he did he must have sought
the kind so well described by Boliugbroke when
he said:
" Eloquence must flow like a 3treant that is fed by
an abundant spring, and not spout forth a little
frothy stream on some gaudy day and remain dry for
the rest of the year."
Those who were invited to his home found
him hospitable, cordial, and wonderfully fas-
cinating in mauner and conversation, as he was
a brilliant talker, often speaking with humor,
and far more ready to unload his memory and
display his learning, love of poetry, anecdote,
and literary resources at his own fireside than
in any more public theater. He made friends
and watched their history and welfare with
tenderest care, not for the selfish purpose of
subordinating them to his private advantage,
but because he fouud an appropriate place for
them in his heart, and there they dwelt forever,
in no peril of being displaced by other new-
found tenants. Fitted to shine in society, he
yet generally avoided it, to the deep regret of
those who knew him best and loved him most,
as they felt that he would have been more
widely beloved had he been less of a recluse.
The circumstances under which Mr. Fessen-
dex was called to the Treasury Department
upon the resignation of Secretary Chase will
not soon be forgotten. Large sums of money
were required at once; the postponed requisi-
tions lying in wait were enormous, and the
credit of'the country seemed to bo sinking be-
neath the heavy load. The premium on gold
was doubled and Government paper became
almost valueless. General distrust pervaded
all financial circles. Nothing but victories in
the field promised any support or consolation
to the country, and these victories were slowly
and hardly to be won from those whose con-
siderable successes had whetted the appetite for
more. President Lincoln tendered the office
to Senator Fessenden, who hesitated long,
fearing as the difficulties surrounding the office
were so much more formidable than was gen-
erally supposed that he should fail to meet the
full expectations of the people, while he was
conscious that personally he had everything to
lose and nothing to gain by leaving the Senate;
yet the urgency of his associates here on both
sides of the Chamber, and the hardly less poten-
tial voice of the press throughout the country,
seldom summoning small men for great vacan-
cies, at length secured his acceptance of the
position. The public had confidence in the
man and his sterling integrity, and it was this
confidence which enabled him to carry the
Treasury safely through one of the most gloomy
periods in the history of the late rebellion. He
appealed to the people for a loan1 and they re-
sponded with unprecedented liberality. He
nursed the national banks and ceased to inun-
date the country with legal-tender currency.
The premium on gold receded. Public credit
was reestablished. The Secretary had justified
the confidence of the-public; but only intending
to hold the position temporarily, in less than a
year he tendered his resignation in order to
accept his place in the Senate, to which Maine,
with becoming State pride in one of her most
distinguished sons, had again promptly returned
him.
The administration of the Treasury Depart-
ment was too brief to afford any opportunity
for the display of new and original financial
plans, and the Secretary, if he had any such
plans, which may be questioned, did not aim
at brilliant theories when practical wisdom,
enconomy, and integrity would through daily
use serve the country better.
The acceptance by Senator Fessendex of the
Treasury Department was based upon a prin-
ciple deeply imbedded in his nature. He felt
that he was called from a station where his use-
fulness had been unquestioned to a new and
untried field to which he had never had any
aspirations, and where even great ability and
the utmost devotion might not command suc-
cess ; but his principle was " that even his name
among men should be of little account when
weighed in the balance against the welfare of
the people," and his administration in a critical
emergency proved wise and safe, fully deserving
a liberal recognition now as it is sure to receive
hereafter.
The most conspicuous instance of Mr. Fes-
sesden's obstinate adherence to the principle
already referred to was on the late impeach-
ment trial, and was elaborately enunciated two
years earlier in his fine eulogy upon the death
of Senator Foot, whom he loved tenderly and
tenderly lamented, where, after referring to all
that a faithful Senator will have to encounter,
he said:
"All this, if he would retain his integrity, he must
learn to bear unmoved and walk steadily onward in
tlie path of public duty, sustained only by the reflec-
tion that time may do him justice, or if not. that his
individual hopes and aspirations and even his name
among men should be of littie account to him when
weighed in the balance against the welfare of the
people, of whoso destiny he is the constituted guard-
ian and deiender."
Two years after these words were uttered
he practically showed his willingness to brave
popular opinion, and if need be to sacrifice
himself, by voting for the acquittal of the Presi-
dent. That he shocked the public judgment
of his State, or of the great party to which he
belonged, (and he could belong to no other,) is
undeniable; but however mistaken his views
were thought to have been by those of us
who reached other and different conclusions
upon the same evidence, I am not aware that
the integrity of his motives was ever impugned
by any of his peers. lie probably would never
have asked forgiveness for this act, but time
gently wears away some of the asperities of
political life, and his people, having little else
to forgive, would in this case most likely have
granted him absolution.
He was the natural and courageous enemy
of all political quacks and quackery. With
Addison he might have said :
" Believe who will the solemn sham, not I."
No measure not resting on the solid found-
ations of reason and public policy obtained
his support. He snuffed pretenders and pre-
tenses afar off and drove them ignominiously
from his presence. Even though a friend got
inflated with a bubble, the bubble was none the
less sure by him to be remorselessly pricked.
He espoused no cause until his judgment was
convinced, and this he guarded with scrupulous
care against all false weights. Intensely New
England in thought, as well as in form and
feature, yet his whole record might in vain be
searched for a sectional vote or a sentiment
which might not fairly belong to any liberal-
minded statesman.
It is well known that the late rebellion was
the sequence of a conspiracy gotten up in this
Capitol, based upon the idea that the North
would not fight and that peaceable secession
was practically safe and easy. But one of the
conspirators, then serving in the Senate with
Mr. Fessenden, did not conceal his opinion
from his midnight associates that the straight
and slender Senator from Maine was as much
to be feared as any other man in the Senate.
Mr. Fessexden was slow to believe -that the
Government would be forced to resort to the
rigors of actual war; he could not think the
South would dare to bray the institution of
slavery in such a mortar ; but when the time
came, his resolution and courage fully justi-
fied the apprehension of the incipient rebel.
Though the capital of our country trembled
from the shock he was neither confused nor
terrified.
No legislator labored more zealously or more
efficiently for the preservation of.his country,
and at the_close of the war his " report from
the committee of fifteen on reconstruction"
will long rank as a masterly production and
find its place among the ablest State papsrs of
the nation.
If he had his faults it will be fortunate for
those of us who may be charged with less, and
let us then bear willing testimony to those pre-
eminent gifts and traits of character the memory
of which must now swell the common fame of
our country and be handed down as a legacy to
posterity. The praise of to-day will not be
inconsiderately bestowed, because it justly
belongs to exalted merit and worth.
We miss a true friend, a manly foe, a wise
and useful legislator! We miss an American
Senator who was warm in his affections for his
country and always zealous of its honor!
Mr. CATTELL. Mr. President, if I were '
to take counsel of my judgment rather than
of my feelings I am sure I should remain a
silent listener throughout these mournful cere-
monies; for I cannot hope to add anything
to the eloquent and impressive words which
have fallen from the lips of those who have
preceded me ; nor will any words of mine add
to the justly high estimate which the people of
this country have formed of the talents, patriot-
ism, and eminent services of the distinguished
statesman whose loss we mourn.
But I should do violence to the promptings
of my heart if I failed on this occasion to offer
my tribute of respect and affection to the mem-
ory of my departed friend.
It is no part of my purpose to attempt any
delineation of the character of Mr. Fessexden,
or to speak of the eminent services he has ren-
dered to the country on this floor and else-
where in the most critical period of our nation's
history. His colleague and others have fitly
spoken of his public career, and it may safely
be left for the pen of the historian to complete
the record. My purpose is a more simple and
grateful one. I bring from the garden of the
heart a few fresh, modest flowers, dripping with
