414
appendix to the concessional globe.
[May 28,
Ho. of Reps.
Soldiers and Sailors of War of 1812—Mr. Willard.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
parties, much is said of the corruption of legis-
lation. Sir, I have never been a believer, nor
am I now, in these insinuations which we read
daily in the newspapers of the land. ButI am
not prepared to say, in view of the purport of
this bill, in view of the interest manifested to
secure its passage without amendment, without
restriction, and without limitation; in view of
this ignoring of the rights of the great masses
of the people to obtain homes upoti these
lands, I am not prepared to say that there is
not some show of reason at least for the course
of the newspapers who charge these things in
connection with great measures of legislation.
Sir, it is eertaiu that the passage of this bill
is not necessary for the speedy construction of
this road. If these men who hold this fran-
chise have any disposition in good faith to con-
struct it as a legitimate business enterprise
they have aid enough, and more than enough,
already, and let them commence the work.
What better testimony can we have on this
point than the report of the first board of
directors of this company, as follows:
" To construct this road Congress, by an act of the
lust session, made a most munificent grantof twenty
square miles ofland, or twelve thousand eight hun-
dred acres for caeh mile of the road through Wiscon-
sin, Minnesota, and Oregon; and forty square miles,
or twenty-iivo thousand six hundred acres tor each
mile of the road through Dakota, Montana, Idaho,
and Washington Territories; malting an aggregate
of forty-seven million thrcehuadredandsixty-thou-
s«nd acrcs for the whole grant.
" These lands, wheu tlioroad shall ho built and the
business fairly started, including town and station
sites, would certainly average ten dollars per acre,
making the sum of $473,000,00,). Supposing llio con-
struction of the road should cost $00,000 par mile, the
eutiro cost at this rate would be $120,000,000, leaving
to thcsliare-holders an excess of clear protitfrom the
lands alono of $353,000,000. This cstiiuato of &60.000
nor mile as tho cost of the ro.id was liberal, in view
of tho vast quantities of material for us construction
found along tho route, including cxhaustiess mines
of iron of tho host quality, which could be turned
into rails; and the cstimato at ten dollars per acre
as tho value of the laud is reasonable when those
lands aro com pared with the grant trmdo for tho con-
struction of the Illinois Central railroad,
" The lands granted to this company have not been
culled and selected, but aro emphatically new lands,
while tho Illinois grant was of lands which had been
many years in the market, much of themhavingbeen
ttradod down to twelve and a half cents per aero; yet
no sooner was the road eomplotod than thososhilling
lands at once rose in value to twenty, thirty, fifty,
and even one hundred dollars per acre; and from
tliem that road was now in successful operation.
" With perseverance and energy, backed by tho
means at their command, this road could easily bo
completed and in full operation, with a telegraph
accompanyiufjit, withinsevenyears; andntthisrate,
costing, as already estimated, §120,000,000, tho pro-
ecods of tho lauds would yield to tho share-holders,
after reimbursing tho whole of tho original outlay,
more than one hundred per cent, upon tho capital,
leaving out of view tho earnings of tho road."
With such ample franchises there is no excuse
for this last demand, this unwarrantable claim.
It ought to bo repudiated by the Representa-
tives of the people, as it will be repudiated by
the people themselves.
Mr. Speaker, if we turn to the statistics in
connection with this question of granting lands
to aid in the construction of railroads, we will
fmil cause for great alarm at the rapidity with
which this business has been going on without
proper restrictions for the last six or seven
years. And it has been going on not alono by
the action of this House. The treaty-making
power, conferred by the Constitution upon the
other branch of Congress and upon the Exec-
utive, has during the past few years been so
far prostituted, so far misused and abused, that
vast bodies of the public lands which, under a
true and just rule belong to the people, have
been handed over, in defiance of the Constitu-
tion. to the greedy speculators in our great
financial centers, and to llheir aiders and abet-
tors in the new States where these lands are
situated.
But to the facts connected with our legisla-
tion outside of this treaty business. Of the one
hundred and eighty-two million acres given to
railroads one hundred and twenty-four million
acres have been given to the various Pacific
roads alone. The grant to this northern road
already has been estimated by good authority
as containing " sixteen thousand square miles
more than the entire area of England and
Wales ; " and all the grants made have been
estimated by Commissioner Wilson as "equal
to the combined area of Great Britain and
France, and exceeding that of Spain, Italy,
and Switzerland."
Sir, it is of this extravagant abuse of power
on tho part of Congress that the people of this
country have a right to complain. If you will
examine the facts and the figures more elab-
orately than I have here time to present, if
you take into view the future of this country,
which in thirty years from the present time
will, according to the best estimates, contain
more than one hundred million people, if you
take into account the vast resources of our
land, every thoughtful man ought to stop and
pause before sanctioning this extravagance,
when it is in our power to establish proper
limitations.
Mr. Speaker, when this bill was last before
the House I had the honor to submit, accord-
ing to the understanding at that time that the
largest liberty should be allowed for offering
amendments, an amendment to which I desire
for a moment to call the attention of the House,
for I believe that by its provisions every essen-
tial feature of monopoly and speculation in
connection with this land-grant business would
be utterly destroyed, while at the same time
no serious blow would be inflicted upon the
company owning this franchise. My amend-
ment does not differ from that offered by the
gentleman from Illinois [Sir. IIawley] so far
as regards the limitation its to the sale of lands
to actual settlers in tracts of one hundred and
sixty acres to each settler at $2 50 per acre.
It only differs in its details. It provides, in
the first place, that tho land granted to the
company shall be immediately opened to set-
tlement. In other words, if this bill become
a law, the settlers can at once go upon the
land with the certain assurance that when the
road shall he built, whether next month or next
year, they shall have the title to the land they
occupy at §2 50 per acre. It is provided fur-
ther that—
When tho company shall file with tho Secretary
of tho Interior tno certilicato of tho Govomorof tho
Stato or Torritory in which said road is located that
any twenty oonsocutive miles of said road have been
completed in a Rood, substantial, and workmanlike
manner, tho Soorotary of tho Interior shall there-
upon direct tho proper district land otlicers to eivo
public liotioo to all actual sottlers under the provis-
ions of this act, residing on tho granted lands oppo-
site to and conterminous with said completed section,
to mako proof and payment to the district land oHi -
cers for their claims within six months from thodato
of saul notice.
The officers of the nearest land office do
the whole business without cost to the com-
pany, and the company can have no power
over these lands so as to take them out of the
control of the natural currents of emigra-
tion or in placing any sort of cloud upon the
title. But you may ask, how is this provision
to be enforced? The amendment provides
that if the settlers do not come forward and
pay for their lands within a given time the
lands shall then be patented to the company.
Thus, on the completion of each section of
twenty miles, the company will either receive
$2 50 per acre from the settlers along the line
of the road or will have the title conveyed to
| themselves. Thus the rights of the road and
I the rights of the people are fully secured, and
with this done I am willing to vote to give
reasonable grants to important roads in the
new States and in the Territories.
I believe that a provision of this kind is
worthy the attention of this House. I believe
the time has come when we cannot afford to
grant away without limitation or restriction this
vast patrimony of the people. It is true, sir,
we who occupy seats in this Congress may
have power to do it, hut I do not think it is
necessary to say that those who shall hereafter
occupy these seats, even in the next Congress,
will not have the fool-hardiness, in the face of
the people of the country, to grant extrava-
gantly the public lands for these purposes with-
out the recognition of the rights of actual set-
tlers demanded by my amendment and sus-
tained by every sound principle of expediency
and public policy.
Mr. Speaker, a few more words, and I have
done. I am not opposed, as I have said before,
to granting lands to aid in the construction of
railroads with proper limitations such as I have
indicated. With these limitations you can do
much to continue the development of the new
sections of this continent. You can continue
to develop the agricultural wealth and the min-
eral resources of the country ; thus adding to
our national wealth, power, and prosperity.
By these limitations you can accelerate and
increase the vast immigration which to-day is
tending in such great numbers toward the
shores of the Pacific. With these limitations
the laboring men of the country, the poor men
who throng our great cities and the over-
crowded States of the Bast, can go out upon
the frontiers and join in the development of
the national power, in the assured certainty
that they will have the right, at a nominal
price, to secure for themselves a substantial
and comfortable home. But if you continue
this unrestricted system ofland grants; if you
thus foster this system of monopolies; if you
throw doubt anil uncertainty on the title to
great tracts of the public lands by doubtful
legislation, you will, sir, retard that immigra-
tion which would otherwise flow toward that
beautiful country and accelerate in so great a
degree the glory and the grandeur of American
civilization. Be liberal, if you please, with
the capital which seeks investment in all legit-
imate works of internal improvement, and 1
will join you in it; but you ought not to crush
out, as proposed in the bill you are about,
to pass, the rights of the people at large, the
farmers, the mechanics, and all the toiling
millions of the land. I resist this usurpation
by voice and vote, and appeal to an intelligent,
constituency for justification. The people 1
represent will sustain a liberal policy on this
question; but they will oppose in this, as in all
other legislation, extravagance and injustice.
Soldiers and Sailors of War ol' 1812.
SPEECH OF HON. C. W. WILLARD,
OF VERMONT,
In the House of Representatives,
May 28, 1870.
The House having under consideration the bill
(II. B. No. 1829) granting pensions to certain soldiers
and sailors of the war of 181-2—-
Mr. WILLARD said:
Mr. Speaker; If the House will give me
their attention for a few minutes I will state the
reasons which influenced the majority of the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions and War
of 1812 to report this bill in its present form.
In the first place the committee took the bill
which passed the House during the last Con-
gress, together with the amendments to that
bill which were adopted by the Senate. This
bill, now under consideration, is substantially
that House bill as modified by the Senate
amendments thereto. The object of the com-
mittee in adopting this modified form of the
bill, which was acted upon by the Fortieth Con-
gress, was to make our action as acceptable as
possible to the Senate, inasmuch as the prin-
cipal difficulty in passing any bill of this nature
will probably be found at the other end of the
Capitol.
The bill now before the House proposes to
