1428
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February *19,
dollars per acre, and the stock of the company
is now appreciating from day to day, and as
the money market of this country and of the
world becomes easy will cont inue to appreciate
still more. We find it already rated at forty
per cent, above the par value in the markets
of the world.
Now, it seems to me that that was an excess
of land subsidy to the Illinois Central railroad,
and that the lacts and experience since have
proved that position to be true. I therefore
argue that the subsidy proposed by this bill is
also excessive and greatly excessive. I would
thank the Senator from Oregon to tell me the
length of the road proposed by this bill, and
its branch. It does not appear in the bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The road is about one
hundred miies in length, and the branch about
thirty miles.
Mr. DAVIS. Here are two roads in the
great State of Oregon lying wholly within its
limits, one of them about one hundred miles
in length, and the other, a branch of it, about
thirty miles; and for these two interior roads
in the State of Oregon, rather of a neighbor-
hood importance and character, a subsidy of
land to the amount of every alternate section
for twenty miles is proposed. It seems to me
that that is an excessive and a prodigal appro-
priation of land to these two internal roads of
the State of Oregon. I therefore shall vote
against the extent of this subsidy as it has been
proposed ; and when the proper time comes I
will propose to reduce the amount of the land
subsidy that is offered to this road by an appro-
priate amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Ohio, to recommit the bill with instructions.
Mr. CASSERLY. On that I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
_ Mr. CASSERLY. I understand the instruc-
tions are to strike out so much of the bill as
grants land except for the right of way. I
should like to have that understood.
Mr. ABBOTT. I have paired off with the
Senator from Oregon, [Mr. Corbett,] who
would have voted against this motion, and I
should have voted for it.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I have paired off with the
Senator from Nebraska, [Mr. Thayer.] He
would vote against this motion and I for it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 3, nays 37; as follows:
JEAft—Means. Cajserly, Davis, and Sanlsbnry—3.
Means. Anthony. Boremao, Brownlow,
Buckingham. Cole, Conkling, Drake, Edmunds,
Penton, Fitrtrler, Hamlin, Harlan, Howard, Howe,
Howell t Kellogg, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Wye, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool, Ramsey, Rice,
Boss, Sawyer, Seburs, Scott, Sherman, Spencer,
Stewart. Sumner, Tipton, Warner, Willey, Williams,
and Yates—37.
ABSEKT-—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Cameron,
Carpenter,Cattell, Chandler, Corbett, Cragin, Ferry,
Gilbert, Hamilton, Harris, Johnston, Lewis Mc-
Creery. McDonald, Morton, Norton, Patterson,
Pratt, Robertson, Sprague, Stockton, Thayer, Thur-
man, Trumbull, Vickers, and Wilson—28.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. Is the bill now open to amend-
ment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There are
several amendments reported by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, which, according to
custom, will be acted upon first.
The first amendment of the Committee on
Public Lands was in section one, line twelve,
to strike out the words "and water for oper-
ating the said road, and the machine-shops and
machinery connected therewith," and insert
"said road so that the section will read :
And the right to take from the adjacent pnblio
lands materials for constructing: said road, and also
the necessary land for depots, <fcc.
The amendment was agreed to.
ihe next amendment was in section two,
hues eleven and_twelve, to strikeout the words
under the existing or future laws relating
thereto, ' and insert:
for such land: And
prowled aho, That settlers under the provisions of
the homestead act who comply with the terms and
requirements of said act shall be entitled within the
said limits of twenty miles to patents for an amount
not exceeding eighty aores each, anything in this act
i to the contrary notwithstanding.
I The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section five,
lines four and five, to strike out the words
i "and one tenth part of the earnings of the
j said railroad and telegraph."
j The amendment was agreed to.
; The next amendment was in section five,
lines seven and eight, to strike out " the pay-
ment of the interest and."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. In line eighteen of section
one, on page 2, I move to strike out the word
"ten" and insert "five" in lieu of it; so as
to read:
Each alternate section of the publio lands desig-
nated by odd numbers nearest to said road to the
amount of live such alternate sections per mile.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will make a remark as
to that amendment. First, so far as this road
runs through the settled part of the country,
it gets little or no land. When it strikes the
mountains, the lands are chiefly valuable for
their timber, and not for agricultural purposes,
although there are valleys in the mountains
some of which are good for agricultural pur-
poses; but this is the grant that is usually
made in the land-grant bills for the Pacific
coast, for the reason that a very large propor-
tion of the lands there embraced within the
limits qf the grant are of little value. A grant
of land of five sections on each side of the road
in the State of Iowa or Nebraska or Kansas or
Minnesota is worth infinitely more than this
grant, notwithstanding it is not so large; and
any person who has been upon the Pacific coast,
and traveled around among those mountains,
and who knows the nature of the country, will
see at once that this grant is inconsiderable in
value, although it appears to be pretty large
in size.
The price of the land is limited. The com-
pany cannot sell an acre of land for more than
two dollars and a half an aere, when, so far as
the grant to which the Senator refers was con-
cerned, there was no limitation upon the price.
That company could sell, and have sold very
mnch of that land for five dollars, and even as
high as ten dollars an acre; but this company
can only sell this land for $2 60. This 1 can
assure the Senator is a very meager and a very
poor grant of land, and the company will have
all they can do to construct the road. They
have commenced the road; they have expended
between sixty and one hundred thousand dol-
lars upon the road; they have found it diffi-
cult to proceed, and therefore they solicit this
aid.
The amendment was rejected. !
Mr. HARLAN. I move to amend the bill ;
by inserting after the word " lands," in line
seventeen of the first section, the words " not
mineral."
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask the Senator to insert
the usual clause, " lands not mineral, except
coal and iron."
Mr. HARLAN. I have no objection to that
modification.
Mr. WILLIAMS. With that modification I
1 have no objection to the amendment.
Mr.NYE. The grant would not carry such
lands if those words were not in.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. At the end of line nineteen
of that section, on the second page, I move to
insert the words "preemption or."
Mr. WILLIAMS. If the Senator from In-
diana will allow me, I will call his attention
to the last two lines of section four, on page 4,
which provide, " and to settlers having valid
preemption rights at the time of the passage of
this act, at $1 25 per acre." The company is
required to sell these lands, if any of the odd
sections are occupied by preemption claimants,
to those claimants at $1 25 an acre.
Mr. HARLAN. I have observed that clause
in section four; but the Senator will perceive
by reading it that it makes the company the
judge of who has preemption claims, and I
think it would be much better to leave the
Land Office to settle that question. The com-
pany might not be an impartial judge; and as
the grant is somewhat large in extent this will
not diminish it materially. Those who are now
entitled to preemption claims, I think, ought
to be permitted to prove them up in the Land
Office and get title at $1 25 an acre.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not see that it makes
much difference, and I shall not object to the
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In line twenty-two of the
first section, after the word "limits," I move
to insert "of twenty miles," so as to read,
" and in case the quantity of ten full sec-
tions per mile cannot be found on each side of
said road within the said limits of twenty miles,
other lands designated as aforasaid shall be
selected." The phraseology of the section as it
stands is a little peculiar. It provides that the
grant shall be made "to the amount of ten such
alternate sections," butitdoes not, as it seems
to me, fix any limit in extent.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have no objections to
the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I also move to amend the
bill in line.twenty-five of the first section, by
striking out " twenty" and inserting "twenty-
five;" and by striking out in line twenty-six
the words 1' beyond the said limits "and insert-
ing "from the track of said road;" so as to
allow the company five additional miles in
which to select the quantity of land they may
be entitled to, provided the same shall have
been otherwise disposed of.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not see the particu-
lar object of that amendment. I suppose that
if this company is expected to derive any bene-
fit from this grant it ought to obtain the land.
This only provides that in case the land cannot
be obtained within ten miles on each side of
the road they may then go to the extent of
ten miles further on each side for the purpose
of obtaining enough to make up the deficiency.
That is all this portion of the bill provides, and
I see no reason for changing it.
Mr. HARLAN. I think the Senator aims
at the same thing I do, and I am quite sure
that if he will examine the phraseology closely
he will see that the bill as it stands would per'
mit the company to select the deficiency any-
where in the United States. It reads, begin-
ning in line sixteen, "and also each alternate
section of the public lands designated by alter-
nate numbers nearest to said road, to the amount
of ten alternate sections per mile on each side
] thereof, not otherwise disposed of or reserved
or held by valid homestead right at the time
of the passage of this act." There is no limit
whatever. They are to take the amount of ten
sections per mile as near to the line of the road
as it can be found. If they do not find it within
twenty miles they may go one hundred or five
hundred miles. I know the Senator did not
intend that, and therefore I propose to amend
the section so as to limit the amount to the
nsual width in extent on each side. The widest
extent heretofore permitted has been twenty-
five miles on each side of the railroad land
grant. I think this ought to be limited in the
same way.
The amendment was agree&to.
Mr. HARLAN. In section two, lines one
and two, I move to strike out the words "sur-
veyor general of Oregon" and insert the words
" Commissioner of the General Land Office."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. On page 3, after the word
" act," in line fourteen of section two, I move
to insert the words, " and preemption laws,'
and change the word "act," in line fifteen, to
the plural, " acts."
