4260
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9, fi
Mr. EAMSEY. That is an estimate. I do
not know that there is any accurate account.
Mr. HOWARD. I presume I only state
what will be stated by every other Senator
when I say that I am not aware that my own
frank has ever been forged or counterfeited at
all. I have never had occasion to suspect any
such thing, and I do not believe any instance
of the kind has ever occurred. The franks of
other Senators may have been counterfeited,
but my own has never been, so far as I know.
Now, if there should be an inquisition upon
this particular point, and Senators and Rep-
resentatives should be put upon the stand as
witnesses to testify, that would surely be the
shortest mode of getting at the facts; but we
are left entirely in the dark about it. It appears
to be a pure assumption, founded upon noth-
ing whatever, except the surmise of the Post-
master General. I do not accuse him of writing
a report on a matter about which he knows
nothing, for he may have evidence that I know
nothing about; I presume he has ; but I wish
to state this fact in the presence of the Senate
and in the presence of the country. I do not
believe these forgeries are as extensive as they
are alleged.
Mr. RAMSEY. These high officials, men
of respectability and purity in the Government,
have for twenty or thirty years repeated this
impression. They are especially charged with
the postal system, and they have special knowl-
edge of it.
Mr. NYE. Has there been a single instance
in the Post Office Department where a frank
has been forged whore it has been detected
and punished ?
Mr. RAMSEY. It has been detected. I read
a case from Postmaster General Holt's report
a lew moments ago.
Mr. NYE. That is only one ease.
Mr. RAMSEY. But the Department has
been continually stating thai, this has occurred.
There is no doubt that there is an abuse. 1
say it does noli rest simply upon the opinion
of the present Postmaster General, but 1 have
given you the opinion plainly expressed by
Postmaster General Aaron V. Brown twelve
years ago. I will read it again ; the Senator
from Michigan evidently did not pay attention
to it:
"Itisiropossibloto toll towhatcxtcntitisabused—
not ol'tcn, it is hoped, bv thorn to whom it is allowed
by law,bat by others who take tho liberty to sign
their names under romo pretended authority to do
so, or uoiler no authority ;i,l. all. Tt, is impossibles for
tho twenty-eight thousand postmasters of tho United
States"—
Now thirty-three thousand—
"to judtrcof tho genuineness of the si,matures, nnd
therefore they can do nolliing to prevent abuses."
Now, 1 will say to the Senate that within
my own personal knowledge (he signatures of
members of Congress have been simulated,
coarsely done ; but a signature like that [ex-
hibiting a (ranked envelope] has been put on
an envelope and passed free. Why ? Because
ten thousand letters pass through tho office,
and it is impossible to scrutinize closely these
signatures. I have seen that done ; such a
letter passed through the office and returned
to the party writing it, ho having sent it with
a view of testing this matter.
If the pending bill become a law appropri
ate stamps will have to bo prepared for the
official correspondence of each of the Executive
Departments to be purchased and used by them
on their official matter. There is no hardship
or any difficulty in such an arrangement.
I will say that, without tins reform the Post
Office Department, manage it as well as you
may, let the most ingenious financier or busi-
ness man be put at the head of it, and take
every precaution he possibly can, yet after all,
with the fortification guarded and well guarded
on three sides, the fort is entirely open. Your
constituent, before they can send through the
mails the most unimportant letter must pay
three cents in advance ; and yet there are
in the country thirty-two or thirty-three thou-
sand men who have the privilege of loading
the mails to any extent they please. How is
it possible that any Department can be care-
fully, economically, or justly administered in
that condition of things? Hence, I say, it will
be much wiser, much more economical, if you
should confer the franking privilege on any offi-
cers of the Government, to give them stamps
annually to the proper amount, just as you
allow members of Congress their newspapers
and their stationery. If you are to give mem-
bers of Congress the privilege of sending mat-
ter without cost to themselves, ascertain what
their proper postage would amount to, and give
it to thera in stamps, as you now give them
what they are entitled to for newspapers and for
stationery, and let them use the stamps as they
need thein. Then the Postmaster General, at
least in making up his estimates, will know
precisely what charge will be upon his Depart-
ment.
Mr. NYE. I wish to ask the honorable
Senator a question, because he is chairman
of the Post Office Committee, and we look to
him for direction in this matter, whether we
follow him or not. He tells us that there are
thirty-three thousand postmasters. The Post-
master General sends to them blanks, and
they send their reports to him in regard to the
postal service. I have assumed less than one
half of what it would cost to pay their post-
age, and put it at iifty dollars each, and that
makes the sum of $1,050,000 that the Depart-
ment has got to pay itself. It lakes it out of
one pocket and puts it into another. It will
be double that.
Now, I want to call the honorable Senator's
attention to another thing that I want him to
answer before he sits down; and that is, the
Interior Department sends books, blanks, blank-
books to the several land offices, the postage
on which would be seventy-five dollars, accord-
ing to the present rates.
Mr. HARLAN. For each land office?
Mr. NYE. Yes, sir; they send immense
books, and great numbers of them. There are
packages on which the postage would be sev-
enty-five dollars, 1 venture to say.' It would
cost, that Department nearly five million dollars
a.year to send its communications to the several
oflices and through all of the land offices. The
honorable Senator will find by "tho time he gets
through that tho appropriation bills will have
over $10,000,000 for postage, alone.
Mr. RAMSEY. Very well: suppose the Post
Office Department does this service for the
other Departments of tho Government, why
should it not bo reimbursed? What is it that
would induce the Postmaster General to an
economical management if you never give him
credit for it ?
Mr. NYE. The answer lie.; in the fact that
it is a governmental affair, and that is the
Depart merit through which it is done.
Air. RAMSEY. Do you not want to stim-
ulate him lo be economical?
Mr. NY'E. I want to stimulate him to see
that there an* no frauds in Ins Department, and
when the public is at, ease let him be so.
Mr. RAMSEY'. The public is not at ease.
Has not the Senator witnessed tho millions of
petitions tliat have been sent here?
Mr. NYIi. Yes; and one which I had the
honor to introduce wasindorsed, " Sent back by
order of the Postmaster Genera!," and I could
got as many petitions from strangers who did
not know the honorable Senator to hang him
as iher'1 are to abolish 'he i'.'auking privilege.
| Mr. RAMSEY. I hope th'.y would be from
. those who did not know me.
I Mr. NY IS. I said so.
; Mr. RAMSEY', i trust so.
, Mr. NYE. And some that did know him
would sign it without knowing what they signed,
and regiet it forever after. [Laughter.]
Mr. RAMSEY. But the Senator says "peace,
| peace, when there is no peace.'' The wholo
' country is agitated on this subject,. There can
be no mistake about that. As I have read you
from the reports of Postmaster Generals for
forty years, they have felt an interest in thia
question ; they have pressed it upon the coun-
try, and the country is alive lo it now. There
has been no question before Congress foryears
that has called out so much feeling on the part
of the people, so much remonstrance against
the continuance of the franking privilege.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Can the Senator esti-
mate the number of petitions ?
Mr. RAMSEY. I am not aware of the
number of petitions, but I can speak more
definitely about the number of petitioners. I
think they are rising a million ; I should judge
from the number I have had before me, and
under my own eye.
Mr. HARLAN. Can the Senator inform
the Senate how many of those petitioners'
names are on petitions that were not printed
by the Post Office here?
Mr. RAMSEY. . Well, sir, as to that, and
the reflections which have been from time to
time made upon the Postmaster General, I will
say that his interference in the matter arose
just in this way : he had letters from all parts'
of the country asking the abolition of the priv-
ilege, and asking the Department to indicate
how it could be most effectually brought to the
attention of Congress. Ho gave them a brief
form. That is all he has done. If this abuse
really exists in the present administration of
the Department, as not only he says, but his
predecessors for forty or fifty years have urged,
was it not his duty to enable the people to pre-
sent the case to Congress ? That is all he has
done. Does the honorable Senator from Iowa
suppose that his constituents signed those peti-
tions simply because the Postmaster General
presented them a form ?
Sir. HARLAN. I was not finding fault with
the Postmaster General. I suppose he didright.
In order that my own position may be under-
stood, I will say that 1 expect to vote for the
honorable Senator's bill. I think the people
of Iowa expect, the bill to become a law ; but I
desired to know the extent of this agitation and
disquietude on the part of the people of the
country, and I thought that was one mode of
arriving at it, to ascertain how many petitions
they had drawn up themselves, signed, and
forwarded to Congress.
Mr. RAMSEY. I do not know that there
is any force at all in that insinuation. I think,
in regard to any great reform that is agitating
the country, the advocates of it are in the habit
of putting their petitions into something like
form and printing the heads of the petitions to
be sent to Congress.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to ask if
the Senator does not believe it would be an
economical provision in the same way to abol-
ish the compensation to members of Congress
for their services rendered, and if petitions of
that kind were framed and circulated through
the country, would they not be signed exten-
sively ?
Mr. RAMSEY. I do not think so; but if
petitions are so little considered by the people,
if they are so easily induced to sign th m, why
have not the enemies of this proposition cir-
culated their remonstrances against the aboli-
tion ? Why in all this time since the agitation
commenced here has not one petition come up
from all this land asking you to continue the
franking privilege iu force? Not a solitary
one, sir, has come; but there is one uniform
sentiment on the subject, and for that reason
the petitions have only been in one direction.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will state to the Senator
that since these petitions have been presented
to Congress, I have received a great number
of letters from my constituents asking me to
sent! thorn public documents through tho mails,
the writers knowing full well that they would
be sent under the franking privilege.
Mr. RAMSEY. Certainly the e nemios of
this reform are in the habit of saying that it
costs the Government nothing. Yon are in the
habit of telling your people that the existence
