Mlfi
THE DOKGEESSiOlfAL GLOBE.
May 10,
Rouge, and Vkkeburg railroad, reported it
with an amendment.
bills introduced
Air. McDONALD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 898) to aid iu the maintenance of the Ark-
ansas Institute for the Blind ; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOWELL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S 
Xo. 899) to regulate the pensions of disabled
officersand enlisted men; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PATTERSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (8.
No. 900) to incorporate the Loan and Trust
Company of the United States; which wasread
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. FERRY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
901) for the relief of Sarah N. Eagleton, exec-
utrix of the last will and testament of J. Joseph
Eagleton, deceased; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Patents,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous cousent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 902)
granting lands to the State of California to aid
in the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line from the town of Vallejo to Humboldt bay,
in the State of California; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. OSBORN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
903) to extend the provisions of an act for the
final adjustment of private land claims in the
States of Florida, Louisiana, and Missouri, and
for other, parposea; which waB read twice by
ita title, referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ROSS asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 194) to enable the Leavenworth,
Lawrence, and Galveston Railroad Company
to relocate a portion of its road; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
. Mr. TIPTON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 195) authorizing the Midland
Pacific Railway Company to build a bridge at
or near Nebraska city, and connect its road
with other railroads; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, and ordered to be
printed.
invasion of indian territory.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, submitted the
-following resolution; which was considered
•by unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved., That the Secretary of the Interior be
directed to communieate to tie Senate any inform-
ation in his possession of any unauthorized invasion
of the Indian territory, so called, by citizens of the
United States.
reduction of tiik aumy.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business-is exhausted,
Mr. WILSON. I now move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of the Army
-bill, laying aside the pending bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts moves to paws over all prior
orders for the piurpose of considering the Army
bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS* I suggest that the appro-
priation bill be laid aside informally by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. SHERMAN. It has not come up yet.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I be£ pardon. The regu-
lat morning business is finished when we get
throagh with resolutions.
The VICE PRESIDENT, > There being-no
resolutions laid over, the appropriation biH
now comes up, and it is -proposed to pass over
that bill informally. The Chait- hears so ob-
jection. The legislative, executive, and judi-
cial appropriation bill is passed over informally,
and the bill called up by the Senator from
Massachusetts will be stated.
The Secretary. It is the bill (H. R. No.
987) to reduce the number of officers in the
Army of the United States, and for other
purposes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is it the pleas-
ure of the Senate to have the House bill read,
or the substitute reported by the Senate Com-
mittee on Military Affairs amended by the
Senate? The Secretary will report the substi-
tute as amended.
Mr. WILSON. The substitute has been
read. I think it would be better to proceed
with its consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT.. The question is
on agreeing to the substitute as amended by the
Senate some days since.
Mr. WILSON. I propose before that is dofie
to strike out the twenty-third section and in-
sert what I send to the Chair in lieu of it.
The Secretary. The words proposed to be
stricken out are:
That seotioa thirty-seven of the act entitled "An
act to increase and fix the military peace establish-
ment of the United States," approved July 28,18G6,
be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
And it is moved to insert in lieu thereof:
That the Secretary of War shall prepare a system
of general regulations for the administration of the
affairs of the Army, which, when approved by the
President, shall be in force and obeyed until altered
or revoked by tho same authority; and said regula-
tions shall be reported to Congress at its next ses-
sion: Provided, That said regulations shall not be
inconsistent with the laws of the United States.
And be it further enacted, That tho provisions of the
act of July 28,1866, which declare that the existing
regulations for the Army shall remain in force, are
hereby repealed.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to. .
Mr, TRI/MBULL. This is a very important
bill.. It was read some dayB ago. Although
I do not know but I am willing to agree to the
whole substitute, I confess I have not exam-
ined it sufficiently to think we ought to pass it
without having it again read to the Senate, qr
some opportunity given to look into it. I do
not know how it is with other Senators ;< but it
strikes me in this way: here is a bill, a very
important one, in regard to • the organization
of the Army, reducing the Army, making very
great changes in pay and compensation; and
we are about to act upon this substitute, con-
sisting of twenty-five sections, without having
examined it at all in the Senate.
Mr. WILSON. I will explain the different
scctlors.
Mr. TRUMBULL- I thinjc the Senator from
Massachusetts had either better explain the
substitute to.ug and show how; it differs from
the original bill, or else it had better be read
in the hearing of the Senate. I am sure this
is a bill that ought to command the attention
of every Senator.
Mr. WILSON. I:suggest, as the way to have
it best understood, that we take it up section
by Section, have each section read, and I will
explain any section on which an explanation
is desired. I do not desire to consume the
time of the Setiate in making a general speech
on the subject, though I had intended to do so.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think that would be the
better way.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the first section of the substitute,
and the Senator from Massachusetts Vill explain
each section as it is reported, if that is the
desire of the Senate.
The Secretary read the first section of the
matter proposed to be inserted by the amend-
ment of the Committee on Military Affairs, as
follows:
That the President be, and ho !s hereby, authorized
aid directed, on or before the 1st day of July, 1871,
to reduce tho number of onlisted men in tho Army
to twenty-five thousand, and thereafter there shall
be no rnoro than twenty-five thousand enlisted men
in the Army at any one time, unless otherwise
authorized by law.
Mr. WILSON. I will say that the number
of enlisted men in the Army at the present time
is thirty-five thousand. This section proposes
to reduce the number to twenty-five thousand
by the 1st of July, 1871, thirteen or fourteen
months hence. The terms of enlistment of some
eighteen or twenty thousand of the men now in
the Army will expire between this and that
time. It is left to the discretion of the Presi-
dent to make this reduction at any time between
now and July 1, 1871. If it should so happen
that the condition of the country should require
the present forpe to be kept up we can make
the necessary change next winter. But it, is
important to reduce the force, if possible, down
to the lowest cost. This reduction, if adopted,
and if the condition of the country will permit
it on the 1st of July, 1871, will save from six
to seven million dollars every year. I hope,
therefore, is will be adopted. Then if any
Indian or other troubles in the country should
require the force to be kept up at the next
session of Congress we can repeal so much
of this act as reduces the rank and file, as it
does not go into effect until July, 1871.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
what the number of the Army is fixed at by the
House bill?
Mr. WILSON. By the House bill the num-
ber of the Army, rank and file, is not affected
in any way.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They left it the same as
it is now?
Mr. WHjSON. Just as it stands now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They reduced the offi-
cers and not the men?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir; they reduced the
offieets and not the men.
Mr. POMEROY. Mr. President 
Mr. SHERMAN. As I understand the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, each section was to
be read and the Senator was to explain it, and
then when we got through with the sections in
that way we were to vote on amendments.
Otherwise we shall get into a debate on a sin-
gle section.
Mr.-POMEROY. I have no remarks to
submit on the general bill, excepting on this
section;
Mr. SHERMAN. I wanted to hear the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts as to the whole, and
then we can go back and the whole measure
will be open to amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. Has the Senator from
Massachusetts anything more to say on this
section?
Mr. WILSON. Nothing more. I hope we
shall go on and take up the other sections, and
I trill explain the whole bill in this way.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The better way would
be, if there is any suggestion to be made in
regard to this section, to make it now.
Mr. POMEROY. I have a suggestion to
make about it. I do hot believe in providing
for a reduction of the Army now, to take place
on the 1st of July, 1871. The disguise of this
thing is- too flimsy, too thin. It is not a reduc-
tion of expenses. If you will examine the
compensation provided for in the section rela-
tive to the payment of the officers who are
retained you will find that the aggregate ex-
pense will exceed the amount of the reduc-
tion, even if you reduce the Army to twenty-
five thousand men. Therefore, as a pecuniary
question, this measure is not worth one cent.
If we catinot save any money by it, is there
any reason existing in the country why we
should provide for a reduction of the Army
now, when that reduction is not to take effect
until Congress will have been together again
and have had another session, when we shall
have the facts and the condition of the coun-
try before us as they shall then exist? No
Senator who comes from the section of coun-
try from which I receive correspondence almost
