5204
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July o,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Missouri moves that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of a certain order.
It is not in order to move to amend that mo-
tion by moving to proceed with some other
|}US1UCSS
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senate will
vote down the motion of the Senator from
Missouri.
The Chief Clerk read the order submitted
heretofore by Mr. Drake, as follows:
Ordered, That after this day the Senate shall meet
at ten o'clock a. m., and that the order heretofore
made for night sessions be rescinded.
Mr. DRAKE. Strike off the latter clause.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is not up, and you
cannot strike off anything. I object to its
corning up.
Mr. DRAKE. One word, sir. It is per-
fectly manifest that with the nine remaining
days of this session we cannot transact the
public business without meeting at an earlier
hour than eleven o'clock. Now, sir, I wish to
get through with the public business if possible,
and it is for that purpose that I have offered
this proposition; and as soon as it is before
the Senate I shall request that the latter por-
tion of the order be withdrawn, and that the
question be taken simply on whether we shall
meet at ten or eleven o'clock.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I hope it will not
be taken tip; because if we are to meet at ten
o'clock in the morning and sit until twelve at
night it is a little more than anybody except
my friend from Missouri can physically endure.
I should not object to taking up and adopting
the resolution in the form he first proposed it.
Mr. DRAKE. Then 1 hope it willbe passed
in that shape.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope it will not be
taken up at all this morning.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Mis-
souri, to proceed to the consideration of the
order indicated by him.
The motion was not agreed to ; there being,
on a division—ayes IS, noes 22.
ELECTION OF CONGR1SSSM14N.
' Mr. TRUMBULL. Now will my motion be
in order to proceed with the consideration of
House bill No. 1705?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Illinois moves to proceed to the con-
sideration of the bill indicated by him.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I want to know what ihe
bill is.
The PRESIDENT/>ro tempore. House bill
No. 170-5, to fix iue time for the election of
Representatives and Delegates in the Congress
of the United States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is of no use to take that
up this morning.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 am going to try to get
it up.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 inquire what becomes of
the tax bill?
The PRESIDENT j 'o tempore. That comes
up at twelve o'clock. The question now is on
the motion of the Senator from Illinois.
The question being put, a division was called
for, and the ayes were 31 and the noes 1(J.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour
of twelve o'clock having arrived, it becomes
the duty of the Chair to call the special order,
which is the tax bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. IIow did that become
the special order?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is the
special order for this day, made so by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We were not consider-
ing the tax bill last night. It is not the unfin-
ished business of yesterday.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It was the
unfinished business of a previous day, and by
special order of the Senate assigned for twelve
o'clock to-day.
Mr. SHERMAN. By unanimous consent,
and so entered on the Journal.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was not' aware of any
unanimous consent which made' it come in
after the naturalization bill. If there is sack
a consent, of course Twill not interpose:
Mr. SHERMAN. It was agreed to; and I
had the order entered on the Journal, in order
to avoid controversy.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I will make an
appeal to the Senator from Ohio, as we now
have this bill up. I have struggled for an hour
to get it up, and have been in a very unpleas-
ant situation by objecting to bills that ought
to be passed, because when 1 made this motion
to take this up a single Senator objected to its
being taken up. We have now got it up, and
let us dispose of it. I ask the Senator from
Ohio if he will not consent to let his bill lie
by an hour, say ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I intend to stand by this
tax bill and get it through if I can. I know
amendments will be offered to the Senator's
bill. I shall vote for the bill itself when it
comes up; but I know that amendments are
to be offered that will lead to debate. I now
insist on the regular business of the day. I
have no objection to a time being fixed for
considering the bill of the Senator.
Mr. MORTON. I suggest to the Senator
from Illinois that his bill is a very important
bill, and I hope it will pass in some form ; hut
I suggest that he make it the order immedi-
ately on the conclusion of the tax bill, and
have it taken up next.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask the consent of the
Senate that we proceed with the bill just called
up immediately after the disposition of the tax
bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 insist on the regular
order, just as my friend from Illinois did.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that this bill be
made the special order immediately after the
disposition of the tax bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That motion is not in
order at this time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Illinois must move to postpone the
pending bill in order to accomplish his object.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 make that motion, to
postpone the lax bill, for the purpose of making
the hill now indicated, and which has just been
taken up, the next special order, to iollow the
disposition of the tax bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then we see what virtue
there is in a unanimous consent. The Senate
gave tSiis consent under peculiar circumstances.
J hope the tax bill wiii not, be postponed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. J insist on that motion
being divided. If the tax bill is to be postponed,
that is one thing; and what we are to do next
is another.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is very
proper. 1 desire to remind the Senator from
Illinois that the naval appropriation bill is
unfinished, and that I have been appealing to
the Senate several times to agree to proceed
to the consideration of that bill as soon as the
tax bill shall be closed. I think the Senator
from Illinois will hardly desire to push that
bill aside in its unfinished condition. I there-
fore hope no special assignment of any kind
will be made to follow the lax bill, for I shall
endeavor to urge the consideration of the naval
appropriation bill as soon as the tax bill is out
of the way.
The PRESIDENT protenipore. The motion
is to postpone the pending biil.
"Mr. EDMUNDS. To postpone until when ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Temporarily; merely
for the purpose of making a motion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object.
Mr. SHERMAN". That is not in order. The
Senator from Illinois is setting a very bad pre-
cedent,.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I believe I am in order.
The rules provide that no motion shall be enter-
tained on a bill as to its postponement but two ;
one to postpone indefinitely, and the other to
postpone to a day certain ; and therefore if the
motion is to postpone the tax bill temporarily
Tobjecttothe motion asnotin order, fortherule
expressly recites the,only-two motions to post-
pone which cert be made. Ifthe'Senator from
Illinois wants to move to postpone it until to-
morrow, of course 1 have ho objection to that
form of the motion, though I should object to
the motion itself. - '
Mr. TRUMBULL. A motion to postpone
is in order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A motion
to postpone means to postpone until to-mor-
row.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Everybody will under-
stand, except my friend from Vermont, that my
only object is to gel a vote upon fixing the bill
which i have in charge for consideration at
sometime. That is all I ask.
1 wish to say one word in reply to the Sen-
ator from Ohio, who seems to think this is in
violation of an understanding of the Senate.
I never have violated and never wilt violate,^
on my part, any understanding that the Seriate
has entered m*o. I regretted exceedingly to
see such an understanding violated 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 ask the Senator'if he
was here yesterday when the understanding
was agreed on ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was in my seat most
of the day.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yesterday morning, after
full consideration, the question was put dis-
tinctly to the Senate that against everything
possible to be named the tax bill should be
proceeded with at, twelve o'clock to-day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Tlse Senator did not
quite hear me through. These agreements by
unanimous consent are to be adhered to ; but
I suppose that the Senator from Ohio—and 1
shall withdraw my motiou if he persists in his
objection after hearing my statement—would
not object to letting a vote of the Senate be
taken as to fixing the time for the considera-
tion of this bill. I have beeu struggling all
the morning, as he has seen, to get tiie bill up.
and have been placed in a very unpleasant
position in having to object to every bill. But
if the Senator from Ohio regards my motion
to make tins a special order to follow the tax
bill as violating any agreement in reference to
the bill he has in charge, I withdraw it. I
leave it to him. I do not think it violates the
spirit of any agreement.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it is in violation
of the understanding and order of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I withdraw.the motion
on the statement of the Senator from Ohio.
DISTKICT POLICE COURT.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The tax
bill is now before the Senate.
Mr. HAMLIN. Now, I appeal to the Sen-
ator from Ohio to allow a bill of four or five
lines, authorizing the police court of the city
of Washington to go into organization, to be
passed.
Mr. SUMNER. That ought to be passed.
Mr. HAMLIN. No Senator here will object
to it.
Mr. SIIERMA N. I cannot break the unan-
imous consent of the Senate.
Mr. IIAMLIN. I ask unanimous consent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Everybody will consent,
I reckon.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Maine asks unanimous consent to
proceed to the consideration of the bill indi-
cated by him.
1 here being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee ot the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 1040) to amend an act
entitled "An act to establish a police court for
the District, of Columbia, and for other pur-
poses,'' approved June 17, 1870, It proposes
to amend the act of June 17, 1870, so that the
police court may be organized and the first
j term thereof be held any day after the judge
| of the court shall have been commissioned ancl
qualified.
i The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
