2372
THE CONGBKSSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1.
gonds at C per cent.—Gold f>ar~-J3ond for $1,000,
Dr.
For interest on $1,000 for ons your, at 7 per
cent  §70 00
• lor interest on $225 of reserve on circulation.. 15 75
Government tax on $900 circulation  9 00
Interest on mutilated currency and various
charges, 1 per cent  9 00
$103 75
Cis.
Intorost on bond for SI,000 at G per cent §60 00
Interest on $900 circulation at 7 per cent  68 00
$123 00
Net profit 2 per cent., or $19 25 on $1,000 bond.
11 thus appears that while under the pro-
posed 4} per cent, bond these bankers under-
take to show that the Government only gives
tliem $1 bonus for each $1,000 capital invested,
or $100 bonus on every $100,000; or to bauks
having §500,000 capital only §500. But they
estimate 1 per cent, for interest on mutilated
currency, &c. _ This is too great. One half of
1 per cent, is a liberal estimate for theso
items, and will not be gainsaid by the highest
authority on this subject.
Then take tljo same example, with the re-
duction on incidentals mentioned, and wo show
an estimate as follows :
Dk.
Interest on &1.000 at 7 per cent, per annum $70 00
Interest on $200 reserve at 7 per cent  14 00
Government tax on $800 clruulation  8 00
Interest on mutilated eummcy on hand, &e.,
5 per cent  -1 00
&«> U)
Cu.
Intercut cm t-l.O'li) bond at -11 per cent  $15 00
Interest on $300 circulation, 7 per cent   f.0 00
tioi oo
Profit or premium on Sl.OiVI, $5.
Aecouling to their second estimate they show
a net profit of two per cent, on their bonds in
gold, under a 0 per cent, bond as at present
held, or 310 25 on every $1,000 capital, Re-
duce this to currency at the past average, say
8 per cent., and these bauks have been re-
ceiving from the tax-payers of this country a
premium of S3!) 2") on each $1,000 ; or a bank
having only $100,000 capital would receive
the munificent gill of So,!i25 for the exclusive
privilege under the present, law. But to take
the narrowest view of the case, as made by
these'Tmnk presidents, on the basis of a 4} per
cent, bond, except in the matter of mutilated
currency, the Government would pay to these
bunks $5 premium per annum for each $1,000
capital employe'!, or $.3011 to banks employing
$100,000 capital, or $2,500 annual premium to
bauks employing $500,000 capital.
Is this munificence too insignificant? If so,
or if any gentleman on this floor can so demon-
strate, then, sir, I shall cheerfully, for one,
agree, in order to preserve so good a system,
and lest the currency of the country should
receive a jar, to repeal the one per cent, tax
on the circulation. This, then, would give
these banks about one ami a half per cent,
per annum on the capital invested, as a pre-
mium for good character and good behavior,
and the kind offices they perform in receiving
deposits for the Government and acting as dis-
bursing agents, and kindred services. Would
not this be more economical than to collect
this one per cent, in shape of taxes from the
banks, and then pay it back to them in shape
of interest? Would, then, the concession of
one half of one per cent, of interest on these
bonds be too great a sacrifice on their part in
passing from a war to a peace basis? Or will
they stand in the way ot a financial measure
so important to the whole country, and persist-
ently con tend for th e full " pou nd of flesh ?1'
DAJSUEES TO THE PRESENT SYSTEM.
I favor the free system of banking for yet
another reason. If the business be confined
within its present limits we shall in the end
destroy the whole system. Wemustsilence the
just clamor of monopoly that is raised against
it or its fate will be like that of the old United
States Bank. The ory of " privileged class,"
which enabled its enemies to compass its de-
struction at the expense of the business of the
country, will surely bo raised with like effect
against the present system if not liberalized and
adjusted to the wants of the oountry, although
infinitely superior in every respect to the old
United States Bank. Oar people have always
been extremely jealous of their rights, and arc
ever ready to start at the specter of aristocracy
which our friends on the other sido of the
House know so well how to invoke. We do
not, however, advocate tho free system through
fear of criticism of tho prosent limited organ-
ization, butbeoausc it will moot all the require-
ments of tho busiuess community and adapts
itself to tho wants of tho people.
Again, sir, by making tho system general
you place it beyond tho reach of artful and
unprincipled speculators. 'The brokers and
money-changers who fattened on discounts ob-
tained from uncurrent bank notes, under the
old State system, may still complain, but. tho
merchant, farmer, and mechanic, who have
felt in times past the keen shave of the broker
under that system, will never couscnt to sur-
render the national currency, so reliablo, con-
venient, and uniform. It has been urged that
a free system of banking may lead to inflation
and thereby incite wild and reckless .specula-
tion. liut, sir, us we have already said, tho law
of supply and demand will regulate the matter.
No arbitrary law of limitation oi expansion
enn bo made to govern trade and commerce.
The evils resulting from overtrading will cure
themselves, but there is no system so likely to
prevent such evils as tho system I am now ad-
vocating, made free and founded on a specie
basis.
Banks which have given ample security for
their circulation and are required to keep on
hand a spocio reserve under penalty of forfeit-
ure of their charter, will not readily discount
paper so recklessly or largoly as those which
have given no security. I regard this as a
question between State and national banks.
Tho dangers of inflation under'tho former sys-
tem are tenfold greater than under the latter.
It is impossible for States to impose any uni-
form restraint upon such banks or to require
any uniform security. While one State might
exercise prudence and caution, another might
grant charters ad libiium and without proper
restrict,ions. Under the national system the
city banks are required, in addition to their
deposit of bonds, tolceep twenty-five percent.,
and tho country banks fifteen percent, of their
capital as a roservo fund in legal tenders for
the redemption of their notes, while under the
State banks it was not uncommon to have eight
or ten dollars of circulation for every dollar of
legal tender in their vaults.
We can never have a uniform currency for
the whole country unless it bo authorized and
controlled by Congress. The framers of the
Constitution experienced the evils resulting
from a want of a uniform currency, and henee it
was that they, by express language in tho Con-
stitution, restricted " the right to coin" to the
General Government, and denied to tho States,
by just as oxpress language, "the right to emit
bills of credit." It was most extraordinary,
sir, that tho State Banks ever succeeded in fast-
ening themselves upon tho country. Although
their constitutionality was, I believo, alfirmed
by tho oourts, yet it was generally regarded as
a decision of policy rather than one of law.
For we can scarcely conceive that the framers
of the Constitution contemplated that the Legis-
latures of the States could grant powers to
others which they were forbidden to exercise
themselves. On the other hand, to maintain
tho national bank system, and to enlarge it
under proper guarantees, and make it free, is
not of doubtful constitutionality nor of doubt-
ful policy.
It becomes, therefore, Mr. Speaker, the duty
of Congress at as early a day as practicable to
fund the amount of bonds now duo and pay-
able, and tt> provide a uniform bank currency
on a sure basis, that will give the people secur-
ity in their business and extend to tho whole
country facilities for obtaining a sufficient
amount of currency to meet the requirements
of trade. This will also enable the people to con-
trol those institutions with their own capital and
keep it out of the hands of gold-gamblers and
Stock-jobbers in 'the great money centers of
the country.
incomk'tax.
This done, Congress can and ought to relievo
the people, among other thiugs, from some of
the objectionable features in the internal rev-
enue laws. The inquisitorial feature of taxing
incomes should be dispensed with. The peo-
plo have patiently and patriotically borne it
because the necessities of the country required
it; but now in time of peace they are natur-
ally expecting some reduction in taxation, and
this feature is most objectionable of all, inas-
much ns it compels internal revenue officers
to inquire into the private business of nearly
every citizen in the land, and make an ex-
hibit to his neighbor of tho condition of his
finances, thus inviting invidious comparisons,
which could not be done in any other way, and
which exists as an anomaly in free institutions,
and one that will ever be distasteful to a free
people.
THE FUTURE.
If the funding bill should become a law, Mr.
Speaker, and if the Secretary of the Treasury
should be able to negotiate the proposed bonds
at the rates of interest prescribed in tho bill,
of which I have no doubt, it will about com-
plete tho long-desired work of reconstruction.
The States will all have been restored to their
proper relations in the Union and our disor-
ganized finances placed on a satisfactory and
secure basis. We will then be able to see
the sun of prosperity and happiness breaking
through the clouds that have so long shut out
from our sight the glorious destiny in store for
our reunited country.
Our nation, still young, will come forth
strengthened and purified by the fiery ordeal
through which she has passed, ready to enter
upon a new and still more brilliant career. We
will have demonstrated to tho world our inhe-
rent power to preserve and defend our country
from enemies at home and abroad, and that
our people have the patriotism and honesty to
bear thc heaviest burdens of taxation to meet
the requirements of their just debts.
We raised during the late struggle the largest
armies ever raised in modern times; armed,
equipped, and maintained them on the most
perfect war footing for four years, and will
finally, bypassing the measures now under con-
sideration, exhibit an honestandeommendable
desire to pay tho debt it entailed. The traitor-
ous cry of repudiation that has emanated from
some quarters has been rebuked by the honest
masses, who have determined that our national
credit shall not be impaired, and that our na-
tional honor shall be scrupulously preserved.
Mr. Speaker, no people ever submitted more
cheerfully and patriotically to heavy taxation
than have the people of our country for the
last seven years, for tlicy well knew, sir, that
it was the price of liberty and country. Such
patriotism, sir, will not go unrewarded. The
God of our fathers, who has delivered our
country from the hands of her enemies, will
not overlook the sacrifices our people have
made, bat will requite them with corresoond-
mg^happiness and material prosperity.
We stand to-day purified and regenerated by
the fearful trials of battle. The great na-
tional^ sin of American slavery, so dark and
damning that in view of it the great author of
the Declaration of Independence declared it
made him tremble for his country when ho
remembered that God was just, no longer stands
to threaten our peace and tarnish our national
character. With forty million inhabitants, a
