1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2373
liberty-loving, intelligent people spread over
eo vast a domain as ours, the richest in the
world in wealth, developed and undeveloped,
what an illimitable field of prosperity and true
progress lies before us, and how magnificent
the destiny that awaits us!
And then, on motion of Mr. BENNETT,
(at nine o'clock p. m.,) the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &e., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BOYD : The petition of John Carny
andoOO others, citizens of Missouri and Arkan-
sas, praying for a mail route from Minnville,
Missouri, to Berryvillc, Arkansas.
By Mr. BURCHARD: The memorials of
George F. De Forest, B. 0. Porter, Jacob
Krohn, and others, citizens of Preeport, Illi-
nois; also, of John Burell and 35 others, citi-
zens of Freeport, Illinois, remonstrating
against the provisions of section Seven of the
funding bill.
By Mr. HAWLEY : The memorial of Ste-
vens W. Merrill, late lieutenant thirty-sixth
Iowa volunteers, praying Congress to grant
him a pension.
By Mr. JONES, of Kentucky: A petition
of the Louisville Liquor Dealers' Association.
By Mr. JUDD : The memorial of E. Hemp-
stead and 1,000 others, business men of Chi-
cago, protesting against the passage of sections
seven and eight of the pending funding bill
as retroactive in effect,destructive of the busi-
ness interest of the country, and unjust and
oppressive.
By Mr. JULIAN : The petition of James E.
Reeves and 24 others, citizens of Richmond,
Wayne county, Indiana, in relation to the sev-
enth section of the funding bill.
13y Mr. KNAPP: A petition of 54 citizens
of Delaware county, New York, for a reduc-
tion of taxes.
By Mr. LOGAN : The petition of John F.
Neville, late assistant quartermaster, for relief'
for accountability for Government property.
By Mr. MeCRARY : The petition of Bruce
& Primean and 80 others, citizens of Keokuk,
Iowa, praying the passage of an act requiring
all the tax on distilled spirits to be collected at
the distillery or distillery warehouse.
By Mr. POMEROY: The remonstrance of
G. M. Woodbury and others, citizens of Mar-
shalltown, Iowa, against the seventh section
of the funding bill.
By Mr. SARGENT: Joint resolutions of the
Legislature of California for the repeal of the
income tax.
Also, joint resolutions of the Legislature of
California in reference to the distillation of
brandy from fruit.
By Mr. SAWYER: The petition of John
II. Noble, of Marquette, Wisconsin, asking
that $300 commutation money be refunded to
him for reasons therein set forth.
By Mr. SLOCUM: A petition of glass man-
ufacturers, for reduction of internal revenue
duty on glass-ware.
By Mr. SMYTH, of Iowa: The petition of
John Weare, S. C. Bever, and others, bankers
and business men of Cedar Rapids, Iowa,
. against the seventh section of the funding bill
recently passed by the Senate.
By Sir. STILES: A petition of soldiers of
the war of 1812, praying that the surviving sol-
diers of that war and the widows of such as are
deceased be placed on the pension-roll.
By Mr. STRICKLAND : The memorial of
Samuel Bull, asking for a pension for his ser-
vices in the war of 1812.
By Mr. TWICHELL: A petition from 122
women and 45 men of Hyde Park, Massachu-
setts, asking the adoption of a constitutional
amendment extending the right of suffraga to
women.
Also, a similar petition from 152 women and
108 men of Boston.
Also, a similar one from 34 women and 45
men of Boston and vicinity.
Also, a similar one from 88 women and 58
men of Salem and Beverly, in Massachusetts.
Also, a similar one from 36 women and 46
men from Boston and vicinity.
By Mr. TYNER: The memorial ofE. S. Ross
and 13 others, citizens of Wabash, Indiana,
asking that the seventh section of the funding
bill be stricken out by the House.
ByMr.VANHORN: ThepetitionofHorace
White.
Also, the petition of B. H. Basseau.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, April 2, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
WILLIAM 1'. SCOTT.
The SPEAKER. Yesterday the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Packard] asked unani-
mous consent to have taken from the Speaker's
table for action the bill (S. No. 527) for the
relief of William F. Scott, late adjutant fourth
Iowa cavalry. Objection was made to the con-
sideration of the bill, when, under some mis-
apprehension, it was referred to the Committee
ou Military Affairs. The gentleman frOtn In-
diana desires that it may again take its place
on the Speaker's table. If there ba no objec-
tion it will be so ordered.
There was no objection.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. SCHENCK. I call for the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. Last evening, when the
House was about, to take its recess, the Chair
stated, in reply to a parliamentary inquiry in
regard to the position of business this morning,
that the bill then, before the House, Senate
bill No. 396, granting lands to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad and telegraph line from
Portland, Oregon, to Astoria and McMmvilie,
would come up this morning as unfinished
business. But this being Saturday, which as
well as Friday is devoted to private busi-
ness, tho Chair is obliged to rule that that bill
must go over till Tuesday next, unless it be dis-
posed of at once by some peremptory motion.
Mr. HOLMAN. In accordance with the sug-
gestion of the gentleman from Oregon, [Mr.
Smith,] I ask that the bill may be placed at
the bottom of the business on the Speaker's
table.
The SPEAKER. If there bs no objection
it will be so ordered.
There was no objection.
Mr. HOLMAN. I presume that order will
not interfere with the motion to refer.
The SPEAKER. It will not; and the Chair
will recognize the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Holman] as entitled to the floor when
the bill shall bo again reached.
Mr. SCHENCK. I renew tho call for the
regular order. ,
The SPEAKER. The regular order bemg
called for, the morning hour has now begun.
Reports of a private nature are in order from
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. DIXON. I am instructed to report
back from the Committee on Commerce the
bill (II. II. No. 800) to authorize the issuing
of a certificate of registry or enrollment to the
schooners Zenos Snow and Patriot.
CALL OP TIIE HOUSE.
Mr. WOOD. I object to the transaction of
business in the absence of a quorum.
The SPEAKER. Nothing has yet trans-
pired to show the absence of a quorum.
Mr. WOOD. There is evidently no quorum
here.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman move
a call of the House ?
Mr. WOOD. I do.
On the motion there were—ayes 34, noes 50;
no quorum voting.
Mr. WOOD. I call for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.-
The SPEAKER. No quorum having voted,
the Chair will riot be at liberty to entertain
business.
Mr. DAWES. Let us have the yeas and
nays. Perhaps by the time the call is concluded
there may be a quorum here.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken s and it Was decided
in the negative—yeas 22, nays 116, not voting
86; as follows.
YEAS—Messrs. Axtell, Benton, Biggs, Boyd, Cox,
Dockery, Getz, Griswold, Haldeman, Hambleton, •
Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Kerr, McICenzie, Mc-
Neely, Niblitek. Orth, Randal), Rldgtvay, Stevens,
Sweeney, and Wood—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ambler, A-mes,
Arneil, Atwood, Ayer, Beaman, Beatty, Beck, Ben-
jamin, Bennett, Boles, Booker, George M. Brooks.
James Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Bnninton, Burchard,
Burdett, Calkin, Cessna, Churchill, Sidney Clarke,
Amasa Cobb, Clinton B. Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Con-
ger, Conner, Cowles, Cullora. Dawes, Dickinson,
Dixon, Donley, Duval, Dyer, Ferriss, Ferry, Knk-
elnburg, Fisher, Garfield, Gibson, Gilfillan, Hale,
Hamilton, Harris, Ila-wlcy. Hay, Hoar, Hoge. Hol-
man, Hooper, Jenckes, Alexander H. Jones. Judd,
Kelley, ICelsey, Ketcbuin, Koapp,Lawrence, Lougb-
ridge, McCarthy, McCrary.McGrew, Mereur.Ehakim
11, Moore, Jesse H. Moore,William Moore,Morphis,
Daniel J. Morroll, O'Neill, Packard, Packer, Paine,
Palmer, Peters, Portpr, ProSaer, Bice, Sanford, Sar-
gent, Sawyor, Schonck, Sehumaker, Scofield, Shanks,
Lionel A. Sheldon, Port6r Sheldon, Slocum, John A.
Smith, Joseph S. Smith, Worlliiugton C. Smith,Wil-
liam Smyth, Stevenson. Stokes, Stoughton, Strick-
land, Tanner, Tillman, 'lVichell, Tyner, Upson,Van
AVyck, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, William
B. Washburn, Wells, Wheeler, Wilkinson, Willard,
Kugene M. Wilson, Winans. and Witeher—116.
N OT V OXING—Messrs. Archer, Armstrong, Asper,
Bailey, Banks, Barnum, Binghart, Bird, Blair,
Bowen, Burr, Benjamin l'\ Butler, Roderick R. But-
WOiUit iJltUU, I'UA. 4-J.aaLiin, axiik
lleaton* Hoflin, Hill. Hotchkiss, Ingersoll, Julian,
Kellogg, linott, Laftin, Lash, Logan, Lynch, Mar-
shall, Mayham, Maynard, McCormick, McKee,
Milne& Morgan, Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey, Mun-
gen. Myers, Neglcy, Perce, Phelps, Piatt, Poland,
Pomoroy, Potter, Beading, Reeves, Rogers, Roots.
Sherrod. William J. Smith, Starkweather, Stiles,
Stone. Strader. Strong, Swann, Taffo, Townsend.
Trimble, Van Auken.Van Horn,Van Trump, Voor-
hees, Welkor. Whitmoro, Williams, John T.Wilson,
Winchester, and Woodward—86.
So a call of the House was not ordered.
During the foil-call,
Mr. BUCKLEY said: My colleague, Mi'.
Heplin, has been called to his home by sick-
ness in his family.
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the time Occupied in calling the yeas and nays
upon the motion for a call of the House will
not be construed as coming out of the morn-
ing hour, and the morning hour will now begin.
There was no objection.
SCIIOOXER3 Z13NOS SNOW AND PATRIOT.
Mr. DIXON, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported back House bill No. 809, to
authorize the issuing of a certificate of regis-
try or enrollment to the schooners Zenos Snow
and Patriot, with the recommendation that it
do pass.
The bill, which was read, provides, whereas
the schooners Zenos Snow and Patriot ars
American vessels, and being denationalized by
the sale of a small fraction of each to a for-
eigner, who has since become naturalized ;
and whereas after seizure by the United States
the said vessels have been under the laws re-
stored to the owners thereof by the Treasury
Department, that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury shall be authorized to issue a certificate
of registry or enrollment to the schooners
Zenos Snow and Patriot.
Mr. DIXON. tmovetheprevious question.
The previous question was seconded and tho
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and bemg engrossed,
it was acCoi'djo^lJ' read the-third time, and
passed; ''
