1870.
THB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3817
every morning can fail to feel' that we are
threatened with a war on our frontier more
formidable than has ever existed, or at any
rate more formidable than has existed for many
years. The President has notified the coun-
try. and the Secretary of War has been here
informing Senators and the chairman of this
committee that we cannot reduce the Army;
it is impossible; the condition of the country
will not permit it; and yet we are to provide,
as the first section of this bill does, a proposi-
tion to reduce the Army some time between
now and July 1, 1871, on account, as it is
alleged, of elfecting a reduction of seven or
sine millions in expenses; and yet when that
section comes before the Senate which pro-
vides for the pay of the Army, you will see
Hist we increase the expenses, and the amount
of increase will exceed the amount of reduc-
tion even if we reduce the Army, which we do
not intend to do, or at any rate not until July 1,
1871. Therefore, instead of this measure being
in the interest of retrenchment, it is not in that
interest. It will not save to the Treasury a
dollar; for this year certainly it will not re-
dace the Army, but it will increase the ex-
penses. That is my conviction. I do not want
to argue it, for I know the amount of business
there is pressing before the Senate, and I do
not wish to occupy time. I have simply ex-
pressed my conviction upon the question.
Mr. WILSON. I am sorry to say that the
convictions of the Senator are not correct. In
the first place, if the Army were reduced from
thirty-five thousand, rank and file, to twenty-five
thousand, it would be a saving of $6,600,000.
That we understand.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask theSenator whether
he doespropose to reduce the Army this year?
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator will listen I
will give him all the information he can desire
about this subject. The enlistments of more
than eighteen thousand soldiers of the United
States expire in the course of eight or nine
months. The question is whether we shall keep
the Array full to thirty-five thousand men.
Now, what does this bill provide ? It was
originally intended to make this reduction on
the 1st day of next January, "but it was feared
that if the reduction of ten thousand was then
made, and we failed to reenlist men whose
terms would expire in the mean time, it might
be against the public service, and therefore
the time is changed from the 1st of January
nexttothelstof July, extending it six months.
This will give the War Department discretion-
ary power, and they will be governed by the
needs of the country. If the needs of the
country require it they will not make the re-
duction until toward July, 1871. If it shall
be found at the next session of Congress that
the thing cannot be done, then the act may be
modified. But if we are to make any reduc-
tion at all this gives a year ia which to make
it, and make it, not -by turning soldiers oat of
the Araiy, but by failing toenliat more men. I
believe that if we have no Indian war there
can be no question at all about it, that in a
year from this time the Department can work
tie Army down to twenty-five thousand, rank
  and file; and if it can do so we shall save $660
on every man reduced, for that is the average
cost of every soldier of our Army annually. '
Mr. RAMSEY. What is the number of the
rank and file at this time ?
. .^r- WILSON. . Between thirty-five and
thirty-six thousand.
Mr. RAMSEY. Really or nominally.
Mr. WILSON. Really.
Mr. RAMSEY. I know that many of the
companies on the remote posts of the Indian
rentier supposed to be fall are but half full.
Companies of fifty men, for instance, are in- a
post surrounded by a great number of Indians,
 >!,• 'u '8 H0 ot,'ler Post containing troops
'tnin a hundred miles. It is a miserable way
protecting the frontier.
Mr. WILSON. The War Department has
le Precise number of enlisted men in the
Army in every location and station of the
country. These men are scattered all over
this broad land in two hundred and fifty-two
military stations.
Mr. RAMSEY. Is it not true that in many
of tho3? posts there are but twenty-five or fifty
men, ana no post again for a hundred miles ?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. RAMSEY. That is a wretched system.
Mr. POMEROY. I have listened to the
Senator from Massachusetts, and he has not
varied the statement he made before; and that
is that the Secretary of War does not propose,
in view of the condition of the country, to re-
duce the Army before 1871, and that if there
is any public exigency then Congress will be
in session and we can repeal at that time so
much of this law as requires him to reduce it.
I submit, Mr. President, that is not the way to
legislate. That is legislating in such a way as
to provide for the repeal of your legislation
before the time comes for it to go into execu-
tion.
The Senator says finally that there are eight-
een thousand men whose terms of enlistment
will expire within a few months, and yet the
bill proposes to deorease the Army only ten
thousand, and there are therefore only eight
thousand to be enlisted, or new enlistments to
that extent are to be made in any event.
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Army is to keep up
the machinery of recruiting for eight thousand
there will be very little additional expense in
recruiting twelve or fifteen thousand. It is the
recruiting machinery that is expensive, rather
than the number of men that are recruited;
so that in this respect there is no saving of
expense.
My remarks are directed only to this feature
of the. bill. I understood it wag coming in
with a view of decreasing the expense of the
Army; that, having passed o U>f the rebellion
and peace being restored, we were to put the
Arn?y upon a peace footing,at a greatly reduced
expense. If the Senator will show that this
bill would reduce the expenses, though tlje
whole western frontier were thereby exposed,
I might perhaps submit to the reduction pro-
posed by the bill., ,
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will inquire of the Sen-
ator if he has observed that by the first sec-
tion of this bill the President may forthwith
commence the xeduction of the Army if in his
judgment it shall be advisable so to do, ■ It is
not necesBary that he should wait uutil the 1st
day of July, 1871; he can commence imme-
diately on the passage of this bill, and if the
public exigencies will permit he may reduce
the Army forthwith, or, if in his judgment it
be advisable to make the reduction gradually,
he may go on until the 1st day of July, 1871.
Mr. POMEROY. I understand that; but
I made the remarks I did knowing that the
head of the War Office does not believe the
country is in a condition to reduce the Army
at all at present, and there is no intention on
the part of those who conduct military affairs
to reduce the Army, as I understand. That is
my understanding about it. I will <not take
up time on this matter; but I do not believe
we ought to provide for the reduction of the
Army unless we can greatly reduce the ex-
pense; but this bill does not do it.
Mr. ROSS. Mr, President, this is not
a question simply of saving'a few dollars here
and there to the Government, but it is a ques-
tion whether we shall protect human life and
property on the plains and on the borders of
our settlements. It is well known to every
Senator here that there has been a constant
demand for years for more troops than we have
been able to get ou the plains. Month after
month, and day after day almost, for years the
Senators and members from the West- have
been importuning the President, the Secretary
of War, and the General of the Army for more
troops for that country. Their uniform answer
has been that they had not troops to spare;
that we could not have them. Theconsequence
is that we have had war on the plains for
the last four years; we have war there now, and
we have, had that war and have it now simply
because we have not had troop3 enongh in the
Army.
It seems to me, sir, to be idle to say that we
can increase the Army hereafter if circum-
stances shall necessitate it. Why diminish it
at all? It is well known that it is a great deal
easier to keep the Army at its present status
than to increase it after it shall once have been
reduced, and I should do so in view of the con-
stantly threatening condition of things there.
I hope, sir, that this amendment will not
prevail. The troubles on the plains must con-
tinue from year to year until some much more
satisfactory system of governing the Indians
than we now have shall have been devised.
The only way now of keeping peace there is
by force, and that is likely to be the only way
for years to come. Our settlements are ex-
tending too far into the West; the accumula-
tion of property is too great and. of too much
importance to the Government to risk the
sacrifice of millions there for the sake of
saving a few hundred thousands here.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, at the close
of the rebellion we had one million and thirty-
four thousand men under arms. In 1866 we
reorganized the Army of the United States and
provided for about fifty-four or fifty-five thou-
sand men, which could be, however, extended
to eighty thousand. That force has been re-
duced, reduced by the law two years ago, until
it now stands at thirty-five thousand, rank and
file, actually in the service. It is believed that
we ought to reduce this force if possible to
twenty-five thousand men, and for that purpose
this bill has provided, and has provided in the
most careful way, leaving the Executive to
commence now and to continue along from
month to month for the next thirteen months
making this reduction, or to keep the force up
till near that time, .and if when we approach
the time it should be necessary to keep up a
larger force we can then do it; but if it should
not be necessary to do it the force will then
stand twenty-five thousand, and we shall save
$6,500,000 annually. It is a plain, simple
proposition. I hope the proposition will be
adopted.
Mr. WARNER. Mx. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair was
about to ask whether the suggestion of the Sen-
ator from Ohio should be carried out, that this
substitute be read through by sections^ the
chairman of the committee explaining each
section, after which the proposition will be
open for amendment and general debate. The
Senator from Ohio stated that he understood
that to be the proposition. This debate seems
to be confined to the first section. [A pause.]
There seems to be no response. . The Senator
from Alabama is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HAMLIN. I want to make a response
to that, and .I suggest that if we read each sec-
tion, and consider each section by itself, and
listen to a separate explanation from the Senator
from Massachusetts, we shall have just so many
distinct and separate debates as there aTe s6Ci
tions in this bill. Now, I say let us'adopt the
suggestion of the Senator from Ohio ; let the
Senator from Massachusetts give us an explan-
ation of each section as it is written, and then
let us have one debate instead of as many
debates as there are sections in the bill, for it
will come'to that if we do not adopt the sug-
gestion of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. My suggestion was that
the Senator having charge ot. the bill should
have the first section read, then the second
section, and if nothing needed to be explained,
go on, and by the time he gets to the end of
the bill each Senator trill have formed^ pretty
good opinion as to whether he ought to vote
-for the bill or not.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection to
that.
