1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1429
Mr. WILLIAMS. Let the bill be read as j
it will stand when thus amended. I think the j
Senator misunderstands it. >
The Cuief Clerk. The proviso to the second
section, it'amended as proposed, will read :
4 H'l provided aho. That settlors under tbo pro-
vision* of the hmiie«tead and preemption laws who
comply with the term? and requirements of said acts
sh lit be entitled within the said limits of twenty
imlc? to patents for an amount not exceeding eighty
acre? each, anything in this act to the contrary not-
withstanding.
Mr. HAIILAN. I am not sure that I ap-
prehend the intention of the committee in that
proviso as it stands; but I suppose it was
intended to apply to those who may now be on
the land.
Mr. WILLIAMS. No, sir; the intention
was to provide that persons who took the even
sections as homesteads after the grant should
be limited to eighty acres.
Mr. HARLAN. Then I withdraw that
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to strike out the
clause ou page 4, beginning with the word
"and." in line nine of section four, to the end
of that section. It is the clause referred to a
lew minutes since, which is not proper now
since the amendment I offered was adopted.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have no objection to
that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will move to insert a
few words in line seventeen of section one,
on page 3. After the word "each" I move
to insert " of the said ungranted lands," so as
to make the language more specific.
'The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I move to amend
the fifth section, outhe fourth page, in the sixth
and seventh lines, by striking out the words
"or other safe and more productive securi-
ties." If the object is to have any of these
funds invested in bonds of the United States
that object cannot be attained by retaining the
words which I have read. The clause, if thus
amended, will read:
That the said company shall, by mortgage or deed
of trust to two or more trustees, appropriate and
set apart all the net proceeds of the sale of the said
granted lands as a sinking fund, to bo kept invested
in the bonds of the United States.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think the company ought
to be allowed, if there are any securities more
productive than the bonds of the United States,
to invest these moneys in those bonds. There
are bonds on the Pacific coast that are paying
ten per cent, in gold per annum; and if the
proceeds of these lands can be invested in such
bonds paying ten per cent, per annum I do
not think the company ought to be required to
invest that money in bonds bearing only six
per cent, per annum. The object is to secure
the mortgagees upon this road and to provide
that the net proceeds of the sales of these lands
shall be applied to that end in the most effect-
ive manner, so that there shall be no squan-
dering of the proceeds of the lands; but it shall
be understood that the money thus received
constitutes a permanent fund, made as product-
ive as possible, for the purpose of securing
those who take the bonds of this company.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I supposed the object
was to secure the investment of a part of these
funds at least in bonds of the United States.
I do not doubt that there are other securities
paying a larger rate of interest, and with the
phraseology of the section as it now stands no
part of these funds will ever be invested in bonds
of the United States. You might just as well
erase the words "bonds of the United States"
and insert "English consols" or "French
rentes.'' The question with me is simply this:
whether it is the intention of the Senator who
has charge of this bill, or of those who desire
this grant, to have any part of these funds
invested in United States securities* If we are
to insist upon it that any corporation shall
invest its surplus funds in United States bonds,
and in that way aid the Government in fulfilling
its obligations, this is peculiarly one of those
cases in which the requirement should be made.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will state that the
intention was not to provide that the money
should be invested in United States bonds, !
but they were mentioned, and I think unneces- i
sarily mentioned in the bill, which I did not I
draw, as some kind of securities in which the j
money might be invested; but the company j
should be left to choose other and better securi- |
ties if they can be found. <
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator from Iowa
made a motion to strike out some part of the
fourth section. I for one did not hear dis-
tinctly what his motion was and do not know
what the result was. Will the Senator be
kind enough to state what it was?
Mr. HARLAN. It was the last clause of the
fourth sectionf beginning with the words "and
to settlers," in the ninth line, that was stricken
out on my motion, and at the end of line nine-
teen of the first section, after theword "valid"
at the end of that line, the two words '1 preemp-
tion or" were inserted, so as to exempt from
the grant lands that are now occupied by pre-
emption settlers.
Mr. THURMAN. I did not understand it
before. I move now to strike out the fifth sec-
tion of the bill. 11 know of no power in Con-
gress to confer on this corporation the power
to make mortgages. If the company has that
power, it is not necessary for us to enact that
it mayor shall create a mortgage. Ifithasnot
that power under the charter, we cannot confer
the power upon it. I believe the effect of this
section will be to utterly destroy the provision
in the fourth section that the land shall be sold
to actual settlers. I move, therefore, to strike
out the whole of the fifth section.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am surprised that the
Senator should make that objection, contend-
ing as he does against land grants to railroad
companies. Wherever there is a provision in
the bill which is intended to protect the public
he objects to it. Here is a grant made to this
company of public land, and Congress has the
right to attach any condition it pleases to that
grant. It provides that the net proceeds of
these lands shall be secured to the persons who
hold the bonds of this company, so that the
company may not use this grant for any other
purpose whatever except to construct this
road. Now, the entire object of this section
is to make the grant answer the purpose con-
templated by the bill, that is to aid in the con-
struction of the road, by requiring that the net
proceeds of the lands granted shall be invested
and set apart to secure the bondholders who
may advance money for its construction.
As to the objection that it will affect the
lands in the hands of actual settlers, I am sure
the Senator ca'inot be sincere in that, for it
only provides that the net proceeds of the
lands shall be applied in this way. Actual
settlers are to go upon the lands and take them
up and pay the company for them ; and the
proceeds of the sales of the lands by the com-
pany are to be applied in this way, and this
mortgage or deed of trust, or whatever may be
executed for the purpose of securing the bond-
holders, applies in no way to the land, but to
the moneys in the hands of the company. This
section provides that in the district court of
the United States that deed of trust may be
enforced against the company.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I cannot
agree with the proposition of the Senator from
Oregon, that Congress can impose anycondi-
tions it pleases upon this grant. It can impose
any conditions that this company has the legal
capacity to perform, and it can impose no
others. This company has no legal existence
except such as is granted by its charter, and I
find nothing in its charter that authorizes it to
make any such mortgage at all; and there-
fore I say that Congress cannot impose this
condition. For that reason I move to strike
it out.
Besides, if we had that power, I do not quite
regard this section as does the Senator from
Oregon. Let us see what it is. It provides
for a sinking fund,-and that sinking fund is to
be applied to what ? This sinking fund is to
be applied to " the redemption at maturity of
the first mortgage construction bonds of the
company." That implies a mortgage wholly
different from the mortgage that is first spoken
of here, in order to create a sinking fund.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That is a mortgage upon
the railroad, not upon the lands. Such mort-
gages are always executed upon railroads and
not upon lands unless there is an express pro-
vision to that effect.
Mr. THURMAN. Now the Senator admits
that here are two mortgages. The section
speaks of "the first mortgage construction
bonds of the company," which signifies that
they are not only to be bonds, but are to be
secured by a first mortgage; and this is a dif-
ferent mortgage from that which is specified in
the first and second lines of the section by the
phrase "said company shall by mortgage or
deed of trust to two or more trustees appro-
priate and set apart all the net proceeds of the
sales of the sp.id granted lands." That is simply
a pledge of the net proceeds of the sale, not a
mortgage of the properly itself. And the same
section recognizes, as the Senator admits now,
that the first mortgage specified in the ninth
line is a first mortgage, as he says, of the road.
Where is there anything which limits it to the
road V There is nothing in this bill that limits
it to the road. There is nothing in this bill
that prevents the company from mortgaging
every dollar's worth of property it may own in
the world as security for its construction bonds.
It may mortgage every acre of this land which
is granted to it as a security for these construc-
tion bonds, so far as this bill is concerned;
and, as I said before, there is nothing in its
charter to even authorize it to make a mort-
gage at all according to the settled adjudication
of the words in the charter, and certainly no
limitation in the charter. If it has a right to
mortgage the road at all, it has a right to mort-
gage all the property it owns. Therefore this
bill, to say the least of it, is so extremely ob-
scure in the fifth section that it may be con-
strued to give a right to make a first mortgage
of the entire property, including this very grant
of lands, under which the provision in the
fourth section in favor of the actual settlers
may become perfectly nugatory.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not wish to take
time, but I should suppose the Senator would
know that if a mortgage was executed to any
person under and by authority of this act, it
would be just such a mortgage as the company
could execute, and the company is required
under this very act to sell these lands to actual
settlers at $2 50 an acre, and the company
cannot by virtue of this law execute any mort-
gage that would interfere with the rights of
the settlers under this act. So much for that.
But, sir, I think the Senator misconstrues
this bill. One part of the section applies to a
first mortgage, and the other part of it provides
that the proceeds of these lands shall be applied
to the satisfaction of that mortgage. When
the company proceed to construct the road
they execute a construction mortgage upon the
road as it progresses, and this section simply
requires that they shall take the proceeds ot
these lands and invest them in a sinking fund,
which shall be a security for the payment of
this mortgage upon the road. That is what it
means, and that is the reasonable construction
of the section. I hope we shall have a vote.
Mr. THURMAN. In answer to the Sen-
ator I have this to say: that by this same act,
which provides that "land shall only be sold
to actual settlers in quantities not exceeding
