118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
joint Committee on Reconstruction, written
by him, will hereafter be second, to no public
document relating to that most important
period in the history of our national legisla-
tion. It presents the condition of affairs and
the questions at issue in a form so clear and
compact, and enforces the duty of Congress
■with arguments so apt and cogent, that it has
since had the force of a political creed to the
dominant party on the subject of reconstruc-
tion. In this as in every public act with which
his name is connected he favors the largest
liberty which the conditions of society will
allow. His education, his reason, his sympa-
thies, and all the instincts of his noble nature
rebelled against every form of human oppres-
sion.
He was sometimes conservative where his
political associates demanded reformation, but
it was only when convinced that legislation
would react against the purity and permanence
of the Republic or to the detriment of his
countrymen. His large experience and great
familiarity with the history of Governments
sometimes doubtless induced hesitation where
one less instructed by the experience of the
past would have moved forward upon an un-
obstructed path amazed and indignant at the
scruples of the statesman. Possibly the com-
prehensiveness of his views and a habit of
thoroughly and carefully considering subjects
in all their aspects dulled the "native hue of
his resolution" and measurably unfitted him
to be a leader in revolutionary times. He was
never swept off his feet by the force of his in-
dignation against some solitary outrage; never
concentrated his gaze so intensely upon some
single good as to lose sight of the general wel-
fare of the country in its related interests as an
entirety.
He seemed equally informed and equally in-
terested in the foreign and domestic affairs of
the Government, in its social and political poli-
ties, and in its questions of labor and of capital.
Inall thelongand eventful period over which
his public life extended, though connected inti-
mately with every great measure which passed
this body, his integrity and patriotism were
never questioned. Bitter and widespread as
was the disappointment which attended his
vote upon the august trial of the President of
.the United States, no Senator doubted that
William Pitt Fessenden acted from a sense
of duty in view of the facts and the law as they
presented themselves to his apprehension. By
what mental process he could reach the conclu-
sion he did was then, is now, amystery to many
who had battled by his side in the long agony
of the great rebellion and who now cherish his
memory with fraternal love. But when we
consider with what infinite pain his sensitive
and loving nature must have rolled the bitter-
nessof thatdefeatupon his life-long supporters
and party friends, when we recall the calm and
quiet naturalness and self-poise with which he
moved in and out before us while intense ex-
citement rolled around this Hall and deep
anathemas hung in the air above him, we must
acknowledge that there was no self-seeking, no
hollow ambition in thatact, but only invincible
courage and the manliest political virtue. I do
not approve liis vote, but am compelled to com-
mend the spirit of self-renunciation with which
it was given. That was of the very essence of
the loftiest public morality.
_ One who knew him intimately as an asso-
ciate upon this floor, and himself an invalid in
a foreign land, writes these expressive words :
"He was the highest-toned man I ever knew: the
purest man I ever knew in public life, and the ablest
public man of my day."
It does not fall, sir, within the scope of my
purpose to compare Mr. Fessenden with other
Senators who have passed to their great in-
heritance of fame from this arena of legislation.
Some have commanded more wealth and splen-
dor of rhetoric ; others have held the Senate
in the spell of a more powerful and fascinating
eloquence; but none have given to the public
service more intelligence, a purer patriotism,
or a loftier public virtue.
Of the last hours of this distinguished man I
know but little. Reared and educated in a
neighboring State, New Hampshire claims only
the honor of his birth. His public labors and
great fame are of the treasures of the whole
country; but with pride his native State enrolls
his high among the imperishable names which
she has given to the Republic and to mankind.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I first saw
William Pitt Fessenden in the summer of
1837. Mr. Webster had been invited by his
admirers of Kentucky to visit that State, and
one of the friends who accompanied him was
the young Fessenden. The great Senator
presented him to our people as his protegg,
and as a young man of ability who had already
given high promise of future distinction and
usefulness to his country, and Mr. Clay and
his friends received him with all the consider-
ation and courtesy due to his rising merits
and the generous indorsement of his illus-
trious friend and patron. The warm greeting
of the people of Kentucky and the witching
hospitalities of Ashland made a lasting im-
pression upon Mr. Fessenden.
Mr. Webster had been previously made by
him his political leader and instructor, and
from that visit he fully associated Mr. Clay;
and he proved himself one of the ablest and
most faithful of their disciples, firmly held the
respect and confidence of both to the end of
their lives, and in his career fully responded
to the high estimate and hopes which they so
early formed of him.
I first met Mr. Fessenden in the House of
Representatives at the December session of
1841, and there served with him through the
Twenty-Seventh Congress. A community of
political principles and policy and of admira-
tion and friendship for Mr. Clay brought Mr.
Fessenden and myself into close and frequent
contact. We often interchanged views upon
political and miscellaneous subjects, and we
formed and cherished mutually sentiments of
respect and friendship. He was not only a
young man of eminent ability and attainments,
but he was warm-hearted, frank, sincere, true,
honorable, and eminently conscientious. His
health was then good, and he was always bright
and genial; sometimes he showed the lambent
play of passion and fire. He was an especial
favorite of Mr. Clay and the Kentucky dele-
gations of both Houses ; they were proud that
the distant northeast had sent to Congress a
friend and follower of their great leader, him-
self of such rare merit. Thatleaderandall the
members of those delegations but three—Un-
derwood and Andrews and Davis—were borne
to their graves before Fessenden. He held
firmly the true and high regard of those who
went before and of those who follow him.
Mr. Fessenden brought to the study of our
Constitution and system of government a vig-
orous^and discriminating intellect, an exalted
conscientiousness and moral sense, a pure and
fervid patriotism, and great physical and moral
courage ; and he learned and comprehended
and maintained their truth, principles, and
philosophy. He knew and realized that ours
was a Government of written language, of pro-
visions, of practical principles, and not of
abstract ideas; that it was formed by the
States and the people of the States delegating
by a written Constitution to a magistracy to be
organized and chosen for the United States
some enumerated powers of government, and
retaining to themselves all others; and that
the powers thus organized were divided into
legislative, executive, and judicial, and each
class of them vested in a separate and coordi-
nate body of magistracy, intended and framed
to be checks upon each other, and each to
guard and defend the integrity of the Consti-
tution and the liberties of the people against
the other departments and all assailants. He
knew that the powers of the Government could
not be augmented, or altered, or amended by
arms, or war, or conquest, but only by the
authority and in the mode prescribed by the
Constitution itself; that all the powers of
Government which the people of the United
States intended to embody and to be exercised
they had divided by the Constitution between
the Government of the United States and the
several States; and that political sovereignty
did not appertain to either of those Govern-
ments, or to all of them, but to the people only.
That the powers of the Government conferred
upon it by the Constitution and the acts of
Congress in conformity to it were the supreme
law of the land; but all other powers, author-
ity, and laws were of the reserved sovereignty
of the people of the several States. Mr. Fes-
senden' s reading of the Constitution and polit-
ical philosophy clearly taught him that the
Government of the United States is built upon
the States and their governments partly, and
their continuance is necessary to its existence
and operation; that it might ccase to act, bo
dissolved, or abolished, and they remain com-
pletely organized and administered.
After the insurrection had broken out in
such grand and threatening proportions the
absorbing object of Mr. Fessenden became to
be its suppression and the holding of all the
States together, fas aut nefas, under the same
Government. He was sincerely and strongly
attached to the union of the States for the
great and common good which it brought to
them all, but its paramount importance to his
own State and section made that sentiment
with him an intense passion. Their remote
position and natural poverty and weakness were
such that a disruption of the Union would have
been to them one of the greatest calamities;
and he firmly resolved that if he could prevent
it they should not be left out in the cold north-
east. He therefore gave his earnest support
to all the measures of Lincoln's administration
for the suppression of the rebellion. His
excited apprehensions were continually utter-
ing to his soul and sense the strong language
of the day, "the life of the nation has been
assailed with tremendous forces, and by all law
it has every right of dgfense and self-preser-
vation." Such was the view which Mr. Fes-
senden took of this mighty national throe.
But with him the war upon the part of the
Government and the adhering people of the
United States was not and could not become a
war of _ subjugation, of conquest, or of the
demolition of the States whose people had
risen m rebellion, but was war only to suppress
insurgents and rebels and to uphold and en-
force the authority and laws of the United
States; and when those ends were secured
guilty leaders and individuals might be visited
with personal punishment for violations of law,
but the war could no longer be legitimately
continued for any purpose whatever. Mr. Fes-
senden voted in the most solemn form for
these propositions:
" That the present deplorable civil war has been
forced upon the country by the disunionists of the
southern States now in revolt against the Constitu-
tion and Government, and in arms around the cap-
ital; that in this national emergency Congress, ban-
ishing all feelings of mere passion or resentment,
will recollcct only its duty to the whole country;
that the war is not waged upon our part in any spirit
of oppression, nor for any purpose of conquest or
subjugation, nor purpose of overthrowing or inter-
fering with the rights or established institutions of
those States; but to defend and maintain the suprem-
acy of the Constitution and to preserve the Union
with all the dignity, equality, and rights of the sev-
eral btates unimpaired ; that as soon as these objects
are accomnlished the war ought to cease."
These noble words breathe the very spirit of
our constitutional form of government, and
the deep, truthful, and earnest spirit of Mr.
Fessenden, at least, meant ail they express.
He knew that the Government of the United
States had no power under any state of things
to abolish a State or its government, or to take
any action upon the assumption or hypothesis
of such destruction. He understood clearly
that it was the duty of the United State8
Government to uphold, defend, and preserve
