4262
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
I think, then, the people of the country have
given every evidence of being entirely satis-
fied with the present rates of postage, and that
they have really no ground of complaint; that
hence there is not probably much weight to be
attached to that proposition.
I have various other matters which I could
present to the Senate, but I think I have given
an outline of what I depend upon for the appro-
bation of the Senate to this bill. I have before
me a statement of the several enactments of
Congress on the subject of the money-order
system, the franking privilege, the extension
of our mail service, and of various improve-
ments in the postal system. And that brings
me to consider again what the Senator from
Massachusetts said with regard to the conduct
of the Committee 011 Post Offices and Post
Roads in reporting this bill simply providing
for the abolition of" the franking privilege with-
out the reduetiou of postage, and comparing
our conduct with the conduct of England in
that regard.
It is true, Mr. President, that England com-
pares well with us. We reduced our postage
in 1855 to a uniform rate of three cents, fifteen
years after the reduetiou to a penny in Eng-
land. When we reduced our postage, however,
we forgot to abolish the franking privilege at
the same time. England had more courage iu
that respect, and she abolished the franking
privilege at the time she reduced the postage.
In these great ameliorations of the postal
service we have always been in our service
behind the British islands about ten or fifteen
or twenty years. When we came to a uniform
low rate of postage we were fifteen years in
arrear of England iu the same legislation. If
we should now at this day—as I hope wo shall
accomplish it at this session of Congress—
abolish the franking privilege, we shall have
had thirty years to consider that improve-
ment.
Again, England in the bill abolishing the
franking privilege 111 .January, 1840, introduced
the money-order system. \Ve did not reach it
till 38(3-1, twenty-four years after. With us also
the registered-letter system came many years
after England had adopted it. And so of the
free-delivciy system ; we adopted it many years
after it, had been in use in England, and not
only there, but in all the continental Stales.
1 think, Mr. President, the Senate will agree
with me that the time has now come when we
should consummate in the form of legislation
this great reform.
Mr. ELAN A CAN address.. ■d (lie Senate in
remarks for which see Appendix.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. T offer the
following as a substitute for the pending amend-
ment, il it is iu order. 1 am not sure that it is
in order sit I lie present time:
Pro/yiih d, That liotiiiutf herein contained shall bo
held to apply to the frankmtf pi-nile^e of persons
ufion wliimi it has been specially conterred by law,
nov of iho Kxecutivo .Departments of tho (Joveiu-
iricnr, Jioruf tho Afiricnltuial Depart inent: but thev
shall continue to have lawtul authority to send and
receive .such communications, document.^, packages
(it cuttings, seed roofs, and parcels, fi ee of postage,
as may be now sent and received under ex is;; tj laws.
And ail public documents issued by the pi escnt or any
previous Congicss, may be. ,-ent or received bj alt
persons entitled to send or rt ceivc tho same, flee of
postage, upon being- properly franked by or ad-
dressed to tho.->e now entitled to iho ininking priv-
ilege; and allpetitions and remousti a noes oi eiri-
zens oi tho limted States may in; tran.-mitted to
.Senators and Ivopresontativcs 111 Uoiisress, Ihroir/h
the inaiis lieo ot postage. And nothing heiciti con-
tained shall bo construed to ablidge or restrict any
privileges of free circulation now enjoyed under
existing laws by newgpapeis and periodicals.
Mr. I'OVi LER. I have a substitute which I
wish to offer at the proper time, and which 1
would like to have read.
Mr. MOUIULL, of Vermont. I suppose I
have the floor upon my amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Cau-
j'kxteii in the chair.) The Senator from Ver-
1 rnont is entitled to the floor.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not desire
to occupy any length of time. I understand
the Senator from Massachusettsdesiros to move
ail executive session, and I will yield for that
purpose.
Mr. SUMNER. Do I understand that the
Senator expects to proceed on this bill?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not
expect to occupy more than ten minutes.
Mr. SUMNER. If I can, I should like an
understanding that I shall go on on this bill
to-morrow. I haveaproposition already printed
which I shall move as a substitute, and on that
I wish to be heard somewhat at length, review-
ing our whole postal system and making sug-
gestions of amendment. The two leading
propositions which I shall maintain will be the
abolition of the franking system, with one-cent
postage for all. I understand that many Sen-
ators desire an executive session, and I there-
fore move that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business.
Mr. FOWLER. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont is entitled to the floor. Does
he yield to the Senator from Tennessee ?
Mr. FOWLER. I merely wish to have my
proposition read and printed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I yield for
that purpose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the amendment to be offered by the
Senator from Tennessee.
The Secretary read the proposed amend-
ment, which was to strike out all after the
enacting clause of the bill and insert the fol-
lowing :
That after the 1st day of November, 1870, all mat-
ter now mailable according to law shall bo trans-
mitted froe of charge.
Mr. FOWLER. I move that the amend-
ment be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
executive session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts now moves that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to ; and after some
time spent in executive session the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, June 9, 1870.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
settlement of kansas claims.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, by unanimous
consent, reported from the Committee of
Claims a bill (II. R. No. 2176) authorizing
tho appointment of a commissioner and the
settlement of claims of citizens of Kansas;
which was read a first and second time, and,
with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed, and recommitted to the Committee of
Claims.
charges 01' bribery.
Mi. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I rise to a
question of privilege. In the New York Even-
ing Post of the 6th instant I find an article of
considerable length, and I ask the Clerk to
read an extract from it which I have maiked.
Tho Clerk read as follows:
" Mr. Taylor then went to work to induce members
of Congress to vote for recognition, if that question
should bo brought betoro the House, and to work in
a general way tor the Cuban republic in all matters
winch might come up. lie saw many members for
this purpose, and among others. (Jolladay of Ken-
tucky, -Butler oi Tennessee. Dcweese of North Caro-
lina. Fitch of Nevada, and McUojimick of Missouri;
but it is not known positively who accepted bribes and
who did not. It is conclusive, h'owever, that bribes
were tendered."
Mr. McCORMICIv, of Missouri. I wish to
state that so far as I am implicated by that
article it is entirely false. I have not been
interviewed by anyperson directly or indirectly
in favor of or against the recognition of Cuba
as a belligerent Power. There is no founda-
tion of fact nor any vestige of truth in that
article so far as I am concerned.
By order of this House there is a sub-com-
mittee of the Committee on the Judieiary, of
which the honorable gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Butler] is chairman, to investi-i
gate the subject of improper influences to de-
termine the action of members in reference to
Cuba. I therefore ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Botler,] if he is present,
to rise here and state to the House and to the
country if any evidence has been taken at any
time by that committee which in any way
whatever implicates me in this matter. [A
Member. Mr. Butler is not present.] Then I
will say to any member of that sub-committee
who may be present, or to any member of the
Committee on the Judiciary, that I would take
it as a personal favor if he would rise in his
place and state if I have in any way been
implicated by any evidence before that com-
mittee. I ask the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Davis,] who I see is present, to state the
facts of the case so far as he knows them.
Mr. DAVIS. I am not a member of the
sub-committee to which the gentleman refers.
I am not authorized to make any statement in
regard to the matter. I know nothing of the
evidence that has been taken; I have not seen
it, nor have I heard any of it.
Mr. McCORMICK. Then I will take an-
other occasion to allude to this matter, when
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. But-
ler] shall be present.
change ob' judicial circuits.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask unanimous consent
to have taken from the Speaker's table and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary
Senate bill No. 387, to change the judicial
circuits.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
up, read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
commerce with Mexico.
Mr. DEGENER. I ask unanimous consent
to have taken from the Speaker's table, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce, a bill
relating to commerce with Mexico.
No objection being made, the bill (S. No.
783) to repeal all existing laws authorizing the
transportation and exportation of goods, wares,
and merchandise in bond to Mexico, overland
or by inland waters, and for other purposes,
was taken up, read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
saraii a. lovell.
Mr. CHURCHILL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2177) granting a
pension to Sarah A. Lovell, widow of Major
Christopher S. Lovell, United States infantry;
which was read a first and second time, aud
referred to tho Committee on Invalid Pensions.
order or business.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from New
York [Mr. Davis] is entitled to the floor upon
a bill which he is authorized to report at any
time from the Committee 011 the Judiciary.
He is appealed to from many sources to yield
for the morning hour. If he does so by a
specific postponement he will not lose the
precedence he now has, but will be recognized
immediately after the close of the morning hour.
Mr. INGERSOLL. If the gentleman does
not yield for the morning hour I shall raise the
question of the consideration of the bill he pro-
poses to bring up.
The SPEAKER. It would be too late to
raise that question. The gentleman has been
011 the floor at least ten minutes.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 am willing that the bill which
I have in charge shall be postponed till after
the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. The being 110 objection,
that bill will be considered as postponed till
the close of the morning hour, when the gen-
tleman from New York will be recognized.
The morning hour now begins, and reports
