416
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GrLOBJi.
Ho. of Eeps.
Fifteenth Amendment—Mr. Smith.
[May 2i7,
41st Cong....2dSess.
endanger the passage of the bill in the other
branch of Congress. If we desire to get the
bill, through both Houses of Congress it is
unwise tq load it unnecessarily. Any gen-
tleman on this floor who desires to have the
widows pensioned can propose a separate bill
to that effect, and the committee will consider
it. After the report of the committee the
House can, if it choqses, pass such a bill and
send in to the Senate as an independent prop-
osition. But let us not load this bill with any
amendment of that kind, and thus seriously
endanger its passage.
Allow me now to say a word in respect to
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Winans,] my colleague on the
committee. He proposes to strike out the
following words:
And who at no timo (luring the lato rebellion
against tho authority of the United States, adhered
to tho causo of tho onomios of tho Government, giv-
ing thorn aid and comfort, or exorcised the functions
of any oflico whatever under any authority or pro-
tended authority in hostility to the United States,
and who shall talio and subscriboan oath to support
tho Constitution of the United States.
This provision of the bill is less objection-
able to those who, like ray friend from Ohio,
desire to have no reduction of this sort, than
was the provision in the bill passed at the last
Congress. That provision required each of
these soldiers to take the test-oath, and thereby
to declare that they never sympathized with the
rebellion. Now, this bill was drawn with con-
siderable caro in this particular, with the object
of making it as mild and as little offensive as
possible, and no more exclusive than is fairly
necessary, and yet make a proper distinction
between those who were loyal and those who
weredisloyal during the late rebellion. The
bill provides that tho persons receiving these
pensions shall not at any time during the late
rebellion have "adhered"—which is of course
a voluntary act—to tho enemies of the Govern-
ment. Now, Mr. Speaker, I do not suppose
that this phraseology would include an old
soldier who, residing in Tennessee, Louisiana,
or any other southern State, was during the
rebellion simply quiet, submitting to the powers
that were in authority there. Bat it will em-
brace those who gave their adherence, their
active, voluntary support to the rebellion.
The clause also provides that these pension
ers "shall not have exercised the functions of
any office whatever under any authority or
pretended authority in hostility to tho United
States." It seems to me that there can be no
objection to these provisions unless wo are will-
ing to allow this pension to the soldiers of the
war of 1812, North and South, whatever may
have been their active sympathies during the
late rebellion. I understand the object of this
bill to be a recognition on the part of Congress
and the people of the services rendered to the
country m the war of 1812 by theseold soldiers.
But,if any of these veterans so far forgot the
patriotism which animated them in that war
with Great Britain as to adhere to tho cause of
the enemies of their country, giving them aid
and comfort in the recent attempt of traitors
to destroy this Government, they have no right
now to ask or expect that this Congress will
overlook this later _ offense against the flag in
their recollection of the former service. The
soldier of tho war of 1812 who adhered to the
enemies of the Government during the late
rebellion has by that act forfeited any right to
the bounty proposed by this legislation, and
should not be included in its benefits. We say
by this bill that we do not believe this Govern-
ment and this people are under any obligation
to continue their reverencefor or give pensions
to that class of soldiers after they gave in their
adherence to the rebellion against the Govern-
ment.
Let me say one word more, which occurs to
me in this connection, in respect to the propo-
sition to give this pension to the widows of
these soldiers. As I understand, the theory
upon which a pension is usually given to a
widow is that she has been deprived of her
support by reason ofher husband's having been
in the Army. "When she lost her husband in
the war, or he died by reason of injuries re-
ceived while in the service, the Government
recognizes its obligation to make some provision
for her support; but I do not understand that
any provision or recognition of obligation of
the kind contemplated by this bill is due at
all to the widows of soldiers. It is a recognition
of services personal to the soldiers themselves,
and does not reach to their widows or their
heirs, and it therefore seems to me out of place
for the widows of these soldiers to bo pensioned
by this bill, I now ask for a vote.
Fifteenth Amendment.
SPEECH OP HON. J. S. SMITH,
op oregon,
In this House or Representatives,
May 21, 1870,
On tho hill (II. R. No. 1293) to onforco tho right of
citizens of tho United States to vote in tho several
States of this Union, and for other purposes.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. Mr. Speaker, I do
not oppose this bill because I am unwilling that
all citizens of the United States shall be pro-
tected in the right to vote, nor because Lam
unwilling that persons who may seek to deprive
them of that right by violence or fraud shall be
punished by the infliction of reasonable penal-
ties by a proper tribunal; but because it con-
fers on the Federal courts jurisdiction over a
large class of cases which properly belong to
the State courts; because it provides for a vast
increase of Federal officers and imposes cruel
and unusual punishments on the people, and
subjects them to harassing and expensive liti-
gation, and to oppression and extortion in vari-
ous ways. I conscientiously and persistently
opposed the adoption of the fifteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution, believing that the
question of suffrage had been wisely left to the
States by the framers of that instrument, and
that there it ought to be left; and further
believing that thenegro population of the South,
just escaping from the degradation and ignor-
ance incident to a state of slavery, were not
qualified to use the ballot with safety to the
nation or advantage to themselves or to the
communities of which they form a part.
I fully believed that to give them the right
to vote by congressional enactment, constitu-
tional amendment, or in any other way than by
the voluntary action of the people of the States
in which they live would antagonize the two
races and lead to widespread and long contin-
ued disorder and contention. Events have jus-
tified that belief. The, folly of forcing negro
suffrage on an unwilling people is demonstrated
by the condition of the South at this time and
by your voluminous legislation on the subject.
Law after law has been enacted, amendment
after amendment has been made to both law
and Constitution; carpet-baggers and scala-
wags, soldiers and Freedmen's Bureau officers
have been callcd into and continued in your
service for five years, and yet by your own
showing there is more bitterness and antag-
onism between the races than ever before, and
more hostility to your plan of reconstruction
to-day than when it was first proposed. The
necessity for any such legislation as the bill
now under consideration, if such necessity
exists, is a humiliating proof of the folly and
wickedness of your attempt.
No civilized people not driven to desperation
and madness py long-continued injustice and
insult ever required to be restrained by such a
bill of abominations as this, and no wise states-
man would ever expect any good to come from
such legislation, no matter what might be the
occasion for it. Sir, if the people of the South
or any part of the country need such a law
as this law will not save them; they are past
being legislated for; they are fit subjects"for
the knout of the autocrat or the bow-string of
the bashaw. But, sir, there is no necessity for
this bill. It assumes that there is no longer
any respect for law in the country, and under-
takes to set up a government of force as con-
tradistinguished from a government of law.
Restore to the people of every part of our
country the right to make their own laws and
to electtheir own officers, and they will respect
the one and obey the other. Remove every
restraint imposed upon them by partisan ma-
lignity and corruption, and they will require
no mercenary informers or paid prosecutors
or greedy Federal officials to secure the rights
of the humblest citizen or to bring to justice
the strongest offenders. Unjust and unpopular
laws cannot be enforced in a free country, no
matter how heavy the penalties attached to
their violation, or how numerous the officers
intrusted with their execution; while just laws
made by the people for their own government
and protection enforce themselves, with rare
exceptions, by the mere force of public sen-
timent.
Let Congress cease to meddle with the do-
mestic alfairs of the States, give up tinkering
at the Constitution, and confine its action to
its legitimate and constitutional functions and
duties, and we shall soon hear the last of
internal commotion and discord. Peace that
will not depend upon the presence of bayonets
for its continuance will once more prevail all
over tho laud, and our laws, like a well-fitting
garment, will protect us from injury without
galling us by their restraint.
Sir, 1 repeat if I believed there was any
necessity for the passage of this bill 1 should
despair of my country. It cannot be enforced,
and ought not to be enforced; but the attempt
to enforce it -will result in strife .and confusion,
if not bloodshed; and I venture tho prediction
that many who vote for it to-day will be glad
of an opportunity to vote for its repeal. Its
objectional features are so numerous that I
cannot refer to them all, nor to any of them,
at much length.
The point has been made with unanswerable
force in the other end of the Capitol that in so
far as it undertakes to punish private citizens
not acting under color of Federal or State au-
thority, it goes altogether beyond the power
given to Congress by the fifteenth amendment.
That amendment is in the following language:
Section 1. The right of oitizens of the United
States to vote shall not be denied or abridged by tho
United States, or by any State, on account of race,
color, or previous condition of servitude.
"Sec. 2. Tho Congress shall have power to enforce
this article by appropriate legislation."
This is a prohibition on Congress and the
States against depriving citizens of the United
States of the right to vote on account of race,
color, or previous condition of servitude. The
power to punish private citizens for infractions
of the election laws or interference with the
rights of others is not touched by it at all. That
remains where it was before, with the States,
and no human ingenuity can'torture these few
plain, simple words so as to make them confer
upon Congress any power except to enforce
the amendment against the States and persons
acting under State or Federal authority. That
proposition is too plain for argument, and I
will not dwell upon it.
Butthis bill, if passed andenforced, will effect
an entire and most pernicious revolution in
the practice of the Government, one fraught
with danger to every citizen and subversive of
liberty.
Ever since the foundation of our Government
the States have had exclusive jurisdiction over
