1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
417
41st CoN"a....2D Sess.
Fifteenth Amendment—Mr. Smith.
Ho. ox' Reps.
the question of suffrage, to determine who
should have the right to vote, how that right
should be exercised and protected, and how
andby whom any interference with it should be
punished. All this is reversed by this bill. The
fifteenth amendment made some change. It
added the negro to the voting population, but,
as we have seen, left the people of the States
to determine how the right to vote should be
exercised and how its infractions should be
punished. Congress now undertakes to determ-
ine what shall be considered an infraction of
that right and how it shall be punished, and in
the cumbersome and multifarious provisions of
this bill creates new crimes hitherto unknown to
the laws of the country, affixes cruel and cumu-
lative penalties to their commission, makes it
the interest of corrupt, bad men to entrap
their neighbors into, and accuse them of the
perpetration of those crimes, and secures them
a reward at the expense of their victims for
procuring their conviction.
To give them every facility for success it is
provided that only the Federal courts shall
have jurisdiction of all such cases. What
revolution is here?_ And yet gentlemen on the
other side say this is all right.
The gentleman from New York, [Mr. Davis,]
with well-feigned astonishment, asks what dif-
ference it makes. Why should good citizens
fear the Federal courts? His precise language
is as follows:
"Is it not wise for Congress in enforcing the pro-
visions of the Constitution to use its own instru-
mentalities and to resort to its own courts? Is there
danger that the Federal courts will scrutinize your
conduct too closely? Do you fear the Federal courts
more than the Slate courts? Why is it you prefer
the State courts? Why is it the Democratic party
seek all the while the shield and cover of the State
courts asrainst conduct in reference to which the
highest Democrat dare not face his own f"llow-citi-
zens on a jury in a Federal court ? When you an-
swer mo that question you will have answered tile
question whether it bo better to leave tile execution
of these provisions to the instrumentalities of the
Fedeial Government or leave them to tile States."
I might retort, why does he and his friends
fear to trust State courts and officers? Is the
assumption of this bill true, that Federal judges
and Federal officials generally are more virtu-
ous or trustworthy than those of the States?
That doctrine is equally new, dangerous, and
false. Only a bad cause requires such sup-
port. But can the gentleman be serious in his
inquiry ? He a member of the American Con-
gress, for many years an eminent New York
judge, a man of mature mind and ripe expe-
rience, and ask why the people should prefer
to be tried for alleged offenses before their local
courts ? I am astonished at the inquiry. It
is pregnant with a meaning that is alarming.
It suggests the same idea that this bill sug-
gests, that mueh of the recent legislation of
Congress suggests, that, in the opinion of the
dominant party, State courts, State laws, State
constitutions, State institutions are of no value,
are only obstructions, to be done away with as
speedily as possible.
Why prefer State courts to Federal ? Why
not extend the inquiry ? Why not ask why we
prefer to have laws made by our State Legis-
latures rather than by Congress, administered
by our Governors rather than by the President,
construed by our own courts rather than by
Congress or Federal courts? Why not do away
with the State courts and State organizations
altogether? Every argument against the pref-
erence of the people for their State courts ap-
plies with equal force to all State institutions
and tends to justify their subversion.
The question indicates both contempt for
the wholo machinery of State government and
profound ignorance of the love which every
patriotic, intelligent American feels for his State
government. It has hitherto been both his
security and his pride. It is still his hope,
aud when it is overthrown all of liberty is lost.
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 27.
What difference, indeed, between State and
Federal authority. Take my own State for
example. Does it make no difference to my
constituents whetherthey live under laws made
by their own representatives, all of whom are
elected by themselves, responsible to them, and
whose mistakes they can easily remedy by new
elections, or whether they live under laws en-
acted here more than three thousand miles
away by a body in which they have one Repre-
sentative, and whose enactments, no matter
how much opposed to their wishes or inter-
ests, so far as their power over them is con-
cerned, are like the laws of the " Medes and
Persians," without change.
Does it not matter to them whether their
laws are_ administered by a Governor of their
own choice, living in their midst, responsible
to them, and likely to consult their wishes, or
by a President elected by the whole, mass of
the people of this vast country, living in Wash-
ington, knowing nothing, and perhaps caring
nothing about their wants or wishes? Is it
nothing to them whether they are to be judged
by their fellow-citizens, chosen by themselves,
and having interests and sympathies in com-
mon with their constituents, with the right of
appeal reserved, to other judges of their choice,
or whether their lives, liberty, and property-
are to depend upon the caprice, or honest
judgment, if you please, of a judge appointed
for life from Washington, from whose decision
there is no appeal, and who is as independent
of them as he is of England's queen? Does
it not matter to them whether, when accused
of crime, they shall be tried by their neigh-
bors, selected according to their own laws, by
officers of their choice, within convenient dis-
tance of their homes, surrounded by friends
and neighbors, or whether they shall be
dragged away hundreds of miles from home
and friends by a Federal official responsible
only to the President, to be tried by a jury of
strangers, selected by another Federal official,
presided over by a Federal judge appointed
not to try, but to convict; where the good
character of the accused can avail nothing in
his defense, and the bad character of the inter-
ested witness who seeks to convict may not
invalidate his testimony? Does it make no
difference to him when the trial is over and his
innocence established, if he be so fortunate as
to escape the toils and snares thrown around
him by the hired prosecutors, whether he be
discharged in sight of the smoke of the chim- j
ney of his humble home or whether he be left
far away among strangers, with perhaps not a
cent in his pocket and the brand of Cain upon
him, as one accused of crime and barely escaped
conviction. Is it of no consequence to his wife
and children whether in his hour of trial they
can minister to his wants, cheer him with their
presence, and soothe and comfort him with
their love and sympathy, or whether they be
left to pine in doubt and fear in his desolate
home while ho shivers alone in the gloom of
some far-off Federal prison?
When in the Declaration of Independence
Jefferson included in that terrible list of crimes
committed by England's.king against the peo-
ple of the Colonies the charge that he had
'transported us beyond seas to be tried for
pretended offenses," the reply might have been
made, as in this case. "Why object to going
from home to be tried? Why, if innocent, fear
to face an English jury in an English court?
Have not English courts maintained a charac-
ter for purity and justice unsurpassed by any
in the world?" Ah, sir. the country and the
world understood the difference then, and the
people understand it now. The patriots of 177G
were not to be cheated out of their liberties by
any such shallow pretense as that it made no
difference where they were tried or that only
the guilty had cause to fear.
Tell me not, sir, it makes no difference
whether our laws are made by Congress or by
our State Legislatures, whether they be admin-
istered by our own officers or those of the Gen-
eral Government. It makes just the difference
between security and danger, between liberty
and despotism, between the Government as our
fathers made it and as bitter, malignant Radical-
ism has marred and seeks to mar it. I concede,
sir, that Federal laws and Federal officers are
necessary and proper; but the theory of our
Government and the practice under it from its
formation until the accession to power of the
Republican party left to the States all of legis-
lation and administration that did not necessa-
rily devolve upon Congress ; so that Federal
penal laws were few and their violations rare.
The existence of the General Government, was
only manifested by the benefits it conferred,
and not by the burdens it imposed or the pun-
ishments it inflicted. Federal officials were
rarely seen, and their services seldom required
among the people. Now they swarm every-
where ; and this bill provides for enormous
additions to their number. No man's fireside
escapes their visits, no man's business avoids
their scrutiny, and if this bill passes no man's
liberty will be safe from their interference.
Let us examine some of the provisions of
the bill in detail. The fourth section reads as
follows:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That if any per-
son, by force, bribery, threats, intimidation, or other
unlawful means, shall hinder, delay, prevent, or ob-
struct. or shall combine and confederate with others
to hinder, delay, prevent, or obstruct, any citizen
from doing any act required to be done to qualify
him to voto or from voting at any election as afore-
said, such person shall for every such offense forfeit
and pay the sum of $500 to the person aggrieved
thereby, to be recovered by an action on the case,
with full costs and such allowance for counsel fees
as the court shall deem just, and shall also for every
such offense be guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall,
on conviction thereof, bo fined not loss than $500, or
be imprisoned not less than one month and not more
thanono year, or both, at the discretion of the court.
AVhat snares are here set for the feet of the
unwary? What encouragement is given to
the vicious ? Who can tell what will constitute
the various offenses here enumerated? Take
any one of them, bribery for example. Will
the giving of liberal wages for doing a pressing
piece of work about election times, by which
a man may be "hindered from doing any act
required to be doue to qualify him to vote,"
constitute the offense. Slay a man encourage
you to " bribe" him in that way, pocket your
money, and then go and sue you for $500, and
collect it, " with full costs and allowance for
counsel 1'ces," and have you fined §500 and
imprisoned a year besides?
What degree of warmth iu argument shall
constitute "threats" or "intimidation?"
What are the other "unlawful means" of
hindering, delaying, or obstructing one in
doing the act required ? Will you be liable if
you engage him in conversation, ask him to
dinner, or persuade him to go hunting, fishing,
or prospecting with you? Who can fail to see
that there never was an election held in which
there v.as any interest taken, and never can be
one held, without the commission of the crimes
enumerated in this and the following section
by many persons? That section is as follows:
SeO. n. Ami be it further enacted, That if any per-
son shall prevent, hinder, control, or intimidates or
shall attempt to prevent, hinder, control, or intimi-
date anv person from exorcising or m exercising the
right of suffrage, to whom the ngiil of suffrage, i>
secured or guarantied by the fifteenth amendment
to the Constitution of the United States, by means
of bribery, threat?, or throats of depriving such per-
son of employmentor occupation, orof ejecting such
person from icnted hou..e, land;-, or other property,
or by threats of 1 el'usinsj to i enew leases or contract--
for labor, or by threats of violence to himself or
family, such person so oflcndmg shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall, on conviction
thereof, be lined not less than $5U0, or be imprisoned
not loss than one month and not more than one year,
or both, at the discretion of the court.
