1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3319
offteera. They ara continued in die same way j
 s the major and brigadier generals. „
The PRESIDING OFFICER The Sec re-
tar* rea^ tl,e next sectiou of the amend-
m/„t of the committee.
The Secretary read section t ight, as lollows:
Cse. 8. l>* H f*rtker enacted. That whenever a
r,^Bcy shall occur in the offices of Adjutant Gen-
Mi! Oasrtmn aster General. Commissary General
<nbsi«t«nee. chief of ordnance. chief of en gin-
PaymssterGenernl. Surgeon General, and Judge
, jvoes'eGeoeral.such vacancy shall be filled by ttie
.•<■<0inlinent, according to existing laws, of an officer
*a'o shall have the rank and pay of a colonel.
Mr. WILSON. I will simply say that the
House bill provided that the officers now at the
heads of these departments should be reduced
to the rank of colouels. That would be a very
extraordinary proceeding, and, it seems to me,
 ould be wholly unjustifiable. Therefore we
have provided that when these officers resign
or die. when vacancies occur, colonels shall be
paced at the heads of these several departments.
Mr. DUAK.E. It is suggested by several
Senators in conversation that perhaps the
phraseology I suggested in the amendments
to sections six and seven is in reality not the
best that could be adopted for effecting the
proposed object 1 will inquire what is the
language that the Senator from Ohio sug-
gested?
Mr. SHERMAN. It is to strike out lines
four and five of section six and insert the I
words "after which the number of major gen- !
erals shall not exceed three."
Mr. DRAKE. That would be more ex-
plicit, T thiuk, and by general consent I sup-
pose there would be no objection to making
that change. And the sauie chango should
also be made in regard to the brigadier gen-
erals in section seven.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That change
■will be made in sections six and seven, if there
he co objection. The next section will be
read.
The Secretary read section nine of the com-
mittee's amendment, as follows:
Ssc. 9. And be it farther enacted. That the grade
of regimental commissary in tbe several cavalry regi-
neota is hereby abolished; and the lieutenants bow
holdi og tbe appointments of regimental commissary
may be assigned for dmy to companies of their regi-
ments. and shall fill the first vacancies that may
occur in their reti>ect< re grades of first or second
lieutenant in the regiments to which they now be-
long; and nothing herein contained shall affecttheir
relative rank with other lieutenants of their grade.
Mr. WILSON. Let the next section be
read.
The Secretary read section ten, as follows :
Sic. 10. And be it further enacted. That tbe grades
of regimental commissary sergeant and regimental
boipital steward are hereby abolished. The number
ot corporals in eaen company of cavalry, artillery,
and iofantry -hall ba reduce J to fuur, and the said
non-commissioned officers shall havo the privilege
of receiving an honorable discharge, with full pay
(ad allowjuces to the actual date thereof, if they
shall so eie t, in preference to remaining in the ser-
vice in aoch uttier grades as may be assigned to f.hem
by tbe Secretary ot' W ar.
Mr. WILSON. I will state that the ninth
md tenth sections have once passed the Sen-
ate in a previous bill at another session, and
had the sanction of General Grant while Secre-
tary of War.
The Secretary read the eleventh section, as
follows:
Skc. 11. And leit further enacted. That the General
®f the Army, commandingofficers of theseveral mil-
itary departments, and chiefs of the several staff
(tepartments ot the Army shall, as soon as prac-
tjcaWe after the passage of this act, forward to the
secretary of War a list of officers serving in their
respective commands rteemeil by them unlit for tbe
discharge of their duties, setting forth spe-
tiacal.y oeach case the causeof such unfitness. The
i Cretan* of War is hereby authorized and directed
j" eiMtitute a board to coosist of one major general,
, brigadier general, and three colonels, three of
ta ;rt iofficers to be selected from among those appointed
w the regular Army on account of distinguished ser-
•ites in tbe volunteer force during tho late war, and
jL,?r^®0nimendation of such board the President may
*DoHy retire any of the said officers so reported with
°ne year's pay.
Mr. WILSON. I will simply say that this
section provides for the appointment of a board
to examine such officers as the General of the
Army, the commanding officers of the several
military departments, and the chiefs of staff
shall recommend the Secretary of War to send
before the board. The number will not exceed |
three hundred, and probably not more than !
two hundred or two hundred and fifty. This
work, it is believed, can be done in the course
of six months.
The Secretary read section twelve, as follows:
Sec. 12. And be it further enaatttl. That all vacanoies
now existing, or which may hereafter occur, in the
oavalry. artillery, or infantry shall be filled iu due
proportion by thesupernuinerary offioersof infantry,
having reference to rank and seniority as provided
in existing law regulating promotions in the Army,
until tho entire number of such offloersshall be ab-
sorbed; and whenever vacancies exist in tho grade
of second lieutenant in auy company of cavalry,
artillery, or infantry an additional first lieutenant
shall bo assigned to suoh company, in lieu of the
appointment of the second lieutenant, until the
supernumerary first lieutenants of infantry shall be
absorbed. ,
Mr. WILSON, There are in the cavalry |
forty-five vacancies, iu the artillery thirty-one, j
and ia the infantry twenty-nine, being one hun- I
dred and five vacancies of second lieutenants.
There are also some vacancies in the staff de-
partments to be filled. This provision will
provide for about one hundred and twenty of
the supernumerary officers,,
The Secretary read the next section, as fol-
lows :
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted. That if any super-
numerary officers snail remain after tho above pro-
visions are carriad into effect they shall be l'ur-
loughed at half pay until they are assigned to fill
vacancies occurring in the cavalry, artillery, and
infant y regiments; or they shall be discharged with
one year's pay and allowances.
Mr. WILSON. The object of this section
is simply to provide that if after the examina-
tion is made, and after these changes are made,
there shall be a few officers left the War De-
partment may furlough them for a few weeks
or months nntrt some vacancies occur, and
then they may be appointed to fill those vacan-
cies, instead of appointing new men, or they
may be discharged, at the discretion of the
President, with one year's pay and allowances.
The probabilities are that there will be forty or
fifty officers *bo will be left, aod we have about
that number of vacancies in a year in the Army
ordinarily. These are officers of experience,
and we onght not to throw away their services
if they can be usefully retained.
The Secretary read the next section, as fol-
lows:
Ssc. 14. And be it further enacted. That tho pro-
fessors at tbe United States Military Academy whose
service in the Army and at the Academy exceeds
twenty-five years shall havo the assimilated rank
and pay ofeolonel of engineers, and those whose like
service is less than twenty-five but exceeds fifteen
years shall have tbe assimilated rank and pay of
lieutenant colonel of engineers; and said professors
are hereby placed on the same footing as all other
officers of the Army as regards retirement from active
service.
Mr. CARPENTER. The other day, when
this bill was under consideration, I moved that
section as an amendment to tbe section origin-
| ally offered by the committee. I have since
learned that on a consultation between the
Secretary of War and one of tbe professors at
West Point a section has been drawn which is
i satisfactory to both parlies, and I will send it
I to the Chair in place of the amendment to this
section which I offered the other day.
Mr. WILSON. I will accept the amend-
ment.
The Secretary read the amendment to the
amendment, which was to strike out the four-
teenth section after the enacting clause and to
insert in lieu thereof the following:
That the professors of the United States Military
Academy whose service in the Army and at th« Acad-
emy exceeds thirty-five years shall have the pay
of colonel, and those whose likeservice is less than
thirty-five but exceeds twenty-five years shall have
the pay oflieutenant colonel; and all the other pro-
fessors shall have the pay of major; and hereafter
there shall be allowed and paid to such professors ten
pt-r cent, of their current yearly pay for each and
every term of five years continuous service: Provided,
That such addition shall in no case exceed forty per
cent, of said yearly pny. And fa id professors are
hereby placed upon tho same footing as regards
retirement from active service as officers of the Aw;y,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection this amendment to the amend-
ment will be regarded asadopted. Itisadopted,
and tho Secretary will read the next section.
The Secretary read section fifteen,as follows:
Seo. 15. And be it further enacted. That the pay of
the officer! of the Army shall be as follows: the pay
of tho General shall be $12,000 a year; Lieutenant
General shall be $10,000 a year; the pay of major
general shall be $7,5u0; the pay of brigadier gen-
eral shall be $5,000; the pay of oolonel shall bo $3,500;
the pay of lieutenant colonel shall be $3,000; tbe pay
of major shall be $2,500; the pay of captain, mounted,
shall be 82,000; tbe pay of captain, not mounted, shall
bo $1,800; the pay of adjutant shall be 81.800; the
pay ol regimental quartorma-ster shall be £1,800; tho
pay of first lieutenant, mounted, shall be $1,600; tlie
pay of first lieutenant, not mounted, shall b >$1,500;
the pay of second lieutenant, mounted, shall bo
$1,500; the pay of senond lieutenant, not mo inted,
shall be $1,400; the pay of chaplain shall bo $1,400;
the pay of aid-de-eamp to maj >r general shall be
$200 per annum in addition to pay of bis rank; the
pay of aid-do-camp to brigadier general t-hall be
$150 por annum in addition to pay of his rank; tho
pay of acting assistant commissary and acting assist-
ant quartermast r shall be $100 in addition to pay of
their rank; and there shall be allowed and paid to
each and overy commissioned officer below therank
of brigadier general, including chaplains and others
having assimilated rank or pay. teu percent, of their
current yearly pay for each and every term of five
years' service: Provided, That the total amount of
such inorease for length of service shall in no case
exoeed forty per cent, on the yearly pay of his grade
as established by thisact: Andproviaed further, That
the pay of a colonel shall in no case exceed $4,000
per annum, nor the pay of alieutenxnt colonel $3,600
per anuurn, nor the pay of a major $3,000 per annum;
and these sums shall bo in full of all commutation
of quarters, fuel, forage, servants' wages and cloth-
ing, longevity rations, and all allowanoes of every
I name aud nature whatever: Provided, That fuel,
quarter", and forage in kind, may be issued to offi-
cers by the quartermaster's department, as now al-
lowed by law and regulations: And provided further.
That when any officer shall travel under orders, and
shall not be furnished transportation by the quarter-
master's department, or on a conveyance belonging
to or chartered by tho United States, he shall be
allowed ten cents per mile, and no more, for each
mile actually by him traveled under such order, dis-
tances to be calculated acoording to their nearest
post routes; and no payment shall bo made to any
1 officer exoept by a paymaster of the Army, Officers
retired from active service shall receive seven ty-five
per cent, of the pay of the rank upon which they are
retired.
Mr. WILSON. This is a very important
section, and I hope Senators wHl give it acare-
ful examination. It was understood when tbe
House bill passed that -h great reduction of
expenditure had been made, and that impres-
sion has gone out to the country, and the Mil-
itary Committee of the Senate has been espe-
cially criticised for not hurrying it at once
through the Senate and thereby securing a
great reduction in the expenses of the Army.
Sir, I am one of those who believe that the
present mode of payment is the result of years
! of experience and is the wisest and the best
| that can be devised for our Army and our kind
j of service; but it was thought best in the bill
1 that came from the other House to adopt anew
' system, to pay a found sum. as it is ealled, to
the officers of the Army, and 1 will now state
how that affects the pay of the officers.
Under the provisions of the bill as it came
. from the House of Representatives in this re-
; spect, and which we have adopted substantially
as the fifteenth section of our amendment, the
• pay is, as I will..state, in comparison with the
present pay. Underexistinglaws acolonelwho
, has served Ipss than five years receives $2,736
annually. Underthebill of the Househe wou'd
receive $3,500, being an increase of $704.
As we have sixty eight, colonels, or shall have
| in the Army if this bill shall pass, it would be
an iucrease of compensation for the colonels
! of tbe Army of $51,000. 1 fa colonel had served
j twenty years in the Army under existing laws
:! he would receive $3,174. Underthebill as it
, came from the other House he would receive
: $4,500, being an increase of $1,326—an in-
; crease for all the colonels of the Army, if they
i had served twenty years, of $90,000. A lieu-
|| tenant colonel under existing laws receives
!' $2,446 50. Under the proposed bill he would
j receive $3,000. When i>e had served twenty
years he would receive $2,884 50 under exist-
; ing laws, and under the House bi'lbe would
!! receive $4,000, being an increase of $1,115,
