1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
119
the States and their governments as parts of its
own essential machinery; and if his conserva-
tive, constitutional, and enlightened statesman-
ship could have prevailed, the storm of civil
war would have swept over the country, and as
it passed away the governments of the United
States and every State would spontaneously,
by the vivitce of our system, have resumed their
proper positions and relations; and peace,
order, prosperity, and liberty would soon have
blessed again the whole land.
The statesmanship of Mr. Fessenden was
more moderate and virtuous, wiser and more
patriotic, than that propounded by the mount-
ain faction of Congress and the country, and
which his party slowly accepted.
As the contest raged with varying fortune
the passions of the people became stirred to
their profoundest depths. Men of weak under-
standings, of violent and wild passions, of at-
tractive but mischievous theories, of selfish
and sinister purposes, threw themselves every-
where in the lead and called for the extremest
measures. The maddened people listened to
them, accepted their leadership, were fascin-
ated by their diabolical counsels ; and after
that people had put down the rebellion those
architects of revolution and ruin, still holding
the country under their spell, inaugurated their
wild work.
The time had come for passion to give place
to reason ; when the voice of reason must be
potential to save our constitutional form of
government. Mr. Fessendex and other men
entertaining similar views vainly sought that
hearing, even in the Senate Chamber. The
spirits of revolution and ruin, here at first few,
continued to grow in numbers and audacity as
not only to silence Mr. Fessenden and his
small band of associated conservative Repub-
licans, but ultimately to bitch them on to their
triumphal car and to drag them along in their
destructive career, even to support the over-
throw of our Constitution and form of govern-
ment by what is called the reconstruction acts
of Congress. Mr. Fessexden clearly saw the
abyss before him ; he was to separate from and
turn upon his party or take the fatal leap;
unfortunately for his own pure and enduring
fame and for his country, ho accepted the latter.
But Mr. Fessekden's conservatism and devo-
tion to the Constitution led him into many
struggles with the excesses of his party and its
more reckless leaders. No party man ever
dissented oftener or more essentially from his
party or rebuked with more ireful but manly
scorn its arrogant leaders who abused its trust
in the promotion of their own selfish purposes
to the detriment of the country. His separa-
tion from them on the impeachment of the late
President is a grand testimony in support of
his correct comprehension of the Constitution,
of his true statesmanship, of his stern sense of
duty, his great moral firmness, and his exalted
patriotism. The muse of history will write this
chapter of his life in characters that will never
fade; it will be a more imperishable monument
than marble or brass, and upon it will be in-
scribed, "The ablest and purest statesman of
New England in his day and generation.''
Mr. VICKERS. Mr. President, I have lis-
tened with melancholy interest to the recital
of the prominent traits in the character and
history of a deceased Senator and to the elo-
quent eulogies that have been pronounced upon
him. Those who knew him best, had served
longer with him in public life, and enjoyed
more intimately his social communion, can
more fully appreciate his public character and
intellectual and moral worth. My acquaintance
with him was recent and limited, and my
opportunities less, of forming a correct esti-
mate of his ability and merits; but his long
and eminent career in the public service and
his conceded talents made a favorable im-
pression upon my mind long before my in-
duction into public life. _ After iny admission
into this body I marked his course and listened
to him in debate with more than ordinary at-
tention. To me he appeared in some sense the
the Nestor of the Senate. His grave and thought-
ful brow and dignified mien produced senti-
ments of veneration, while his words made a
deep impression. More than once I privately
appealed to him to speak more audibly, for on
my side of the Chamber we desired to distinctly
hear and understand him. He told me that his
habit was acquired in the old Senate Chamber,
where any one could be heard without difficulty.
I consider it no disparagement to Senators
to say that he was one of the mostaccomplished
and logical debaters among us. He was also,
what is more rare, a good listener, and did not
often occupy the floor. It was only upon occa-
sion s of importance that he rose to a discussion,
and when he finished the debate frequently was
virtually ended; the strong points were seized
andanalyzed, and when they had passed through
the crucible of his understanding the pure metal
was easily discerned. Although I differed with
him on some subjects of national moment, yet
when I considered his education, section, habits
and associations, I could not doubt his sincerity
or his patriotism. The materials which a life
in the nation's service had enabled him to col-
lect he had an aptness and facility in using
which gave him great advantage in discussion.
His efforts had the appearance of fluency and
ease, while his command of appropriate ex-
pressions impressed the minds of his hearers
with his great ability. His style was not ornate
or diffuse, but he possessed the power of con-
centration and force as well as of classical
taste, that outweighed the metaphorical and
beautiful. If true eloquence consists in great
will, great courage, great intellect,and the power
that controls the judgment, then he was an
orator of the first class; or if to be worth much
speech must begin like a river, and flow and
widen and deepen until the end, he possessed
that attribute also. On some occasions, being
warmed by the subject and circumstances, he
spoke with an animation and cogency which
exhibited his higher powers of argumentative
eloquence, though ordinarily Homer's descrip-
tion of the oratory of Ulysses might be par-
tially applied:
"But when ho speaks what elocution flows,
Soft as thoflecces of descending snows."
It maybe said of hiin what was once remarked
of a distinguished French orator, that he said
just what he meant to say, and like an expert
navigator he steered his words and his ideas
through the shoals which beset him on every
side, not only without going to wreck, but
without ever running aground. In a word, he
was an experienced and wise statesman, an
eloquent and methodical debater, with powers
of reasoning rarely equaled or excelled.
On a momentous and memorable occasion
he uttered sentiments which, like jewels of bril-
liancy and value, will be treasured by the vir-
tuous and the patriotic, and were worthy of the
fathers of the Republic. He said:
"A desire to bo consistent would not excuse a vio-
lation of my oath to do impartial justice. In the
words of Lord Elden, I take no notice of what is
passing out of doors, because I am supposed consti-
tutionally not to be acquainted with it; and I should
consider myself undeserving the confidence of that
just and intelligent people who imposed upon me
this great responsibility, and unworthy of a place
among honorable men, if for any fear of public rep-
robation and for the sake of securing popular favor
I should disregard the convictions of my judgment
and my conscience."
These declarations were worthy of a Roman
senator in the palmiest days of the republic ;
they are eminently worthy of an American Sen-
ator and jurist, and indicate the sterling worth
and purity of the man. No prouder monu-
ment need be erected to his fame. His firmness
and decision under the trying circumstances
reminded me of the reply of the noble Duke
of Somerset to James II of England, who had
told him that he was above the law and would
make him fear him: " Your Majesty may be
above the law, but I am not, and 'while I obey
the law I fear nothing."
But he has left us. When I last saw him he
was in apparent health, and filled his place
and performed his duties with his accustomed
fidelity. A few short months brought us the
telegraphic information that he was sick, ill,
dead! Upon my mind it fell like an electric
shock, and I could scarcely realize its sadness
and solemnity. The Bible informs us that
some " shall die like men and fall like one of
the princes." He has verified it, for a great
man has fallen, and William Pitt Fessbnden
sleeps with his fathers ; but his usefulness and
reputation survive, and the historian will pay
an exalted tribute to his memory. Let us be
admonished, Senators, that we, too, are frail
and mortal and may soon be called to pay the
same debt of our common nature; that we
owe high duties to the State, those of charity
and forbearance to each other, and a respons-
ibility to the great Ruler of the Universe, for
the faithful discharge of every public and
private duty.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, the truthful
and appropriate words which have been spoken
by Senators in honor and memory of my de-
ceased colleague have left but little to be
added. So full and generous have been their
expressions of his distinguished ability, his
services in the councils of the nation, and his
high moral worth, that necessity would seem
to require no word from me; but duty and
inclination impel me to pay a brief but sincere
tribute to his memory and his worth. That he
has been thus appreciated by the Senators with
whom he served is gratifying to the people of
the State he represented, which State he so
highly honored, as it had honored him, and
doubly gratifying will it be to his family, rela-
tives, and friends who shared most intimately
his confidence and friendship, and who most
deeply feel and mourn his loss.
My estimate of my late colleague has been
formed by long years of association with him.
I was a student at law in his office, and prac-
ticed with him for a time in the same courts.
We served together as members of the Legis-
lature of our State, and for many years were
together Senators here. The purity of his life
challenges and commands our admiration and
furnishes an example for all to imitate.
He was alike eminent in his profession of
law and iu the Senate, standing in the foremost
ranks of each. I do not deem it necessary or
even appropriate to attemptareference in detail
after so much has been said by Senators as to his
varied ability or specific public acts; it could be
but a repetition. The impress of his mind is
indelibly stamped upon the laws and policy of
the country. As a parliamentary debater he
was without a superior, and in one regard with-
out a peer.
He lived and acted at the most important
period of our country's history, when the events
of a century were compressed into a single
year and requiring minds of no ordinary char-
acter to deal with atid give theui direction.
Itwas a time, too,that taught us allmore clearly
that the duties and victories of civil life are as
comprehensive and important as those of arms,
and that the distinguished statesman who aids
in wisely directing the councils of the nation
should at least be held in as cherished remem-
brance as he who successfully commands our
armies in the field in time of war. Their several
duties and responsibilities are unlike, but
equally important. Indeed, whatever may be
the public estimate, in my judgment the eminent
statesmen, prominent in legislation, who give
form and shape to tbe laws that govern, and
who impress their genius and ability upon them,
occupy a position as important—may I not say
of higher importance—than he who executes
or gives them construction. Sucli I believe is
the position which a dispassionate public judg-
ment, such the position that the historian will
assign my late distinguished colleague, who in
the inscrutable providence of God has been
summoned from this earth, and whose manly
