2376
TBI CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
Blair, Burehard, Burdett, Burr, Cessna, Churchill,
Sidney Clarko, Cook, Conner,.Cox, Crebs. Diekiii-
son, Dixon, Dockery, Duval, Dyor, Eltt, Etdridge,
Porriss, Finkelnburg, Fisher, Garfield, Getz, Gib-
son, lialdeman, Hale, Hartiilton, Hawley, Hay,
lloge, Holman, Johnson, Alexander II. Jones, Kerr,
Liawrenee, McCarthy. MoCormiok, McIConzio, Mc-
Neely, BliakMA H. MooroJjaniel J. Morrell, Sam-
uel P. Morriii, Mitftgen, Nibktck, Orth, Packard,
Palmer, Paters. Poland, Potter, Prosser, Randall,
Rice, Sargent, Sawyer, Sehumakor, Shanks, Porter
Sheldon, Sloeum, Williaia J. Smith,William Smyth,
Stokes, Swoeney, Tatfe, Tillman, Twiehell, van
Tramp, Ward. W iUiam B.W ashbnrn, W oils. Wheeler,
Wilkinson, Engeno M. Wilson, Winans, Wood, and
Woodward—80.
NAYS—Messsr. Ayor, Boaman, Bennett, Benton,
Boles, James Brooks, Brack* Bufiinton, Benjamin V.
Butlor, Calkin, Clinton L. Cobb, Conger, Cowles,
Cullotii, Dawes, Donley, Ferry, Gilfltlan, Harris,
llooper, Judd.Kelley, lCelsoy, Knapp, Knott, May-
nard, MeOrary, MctJrow, Moreur, Milnes, Myers.
O'Soill, Packer, Phelps, Sani'ord, Schonck, Seo-
field, Lionel A.Sheldon, Joseph S.Smith, Stoaghton,
Striokland, Tanner, Xynor, Upson, Van Wyek. Cad-
walader C. Washburn, Walker, WiUaid, Williams,
and Witqhor—50, „
NOT VuTINQ—-Messrs. Ambler, Armstrong, Ar-
nell. Astell, Bailey, Bafnuta, Binghato, Bird,
Bookor. Bowen, Boyd, tfeorao JVI. Brooks, Buekley,
Itoderiok B,. Butler, Cake, W. 'J. Clark, Cleveland,
Amftsa Cabb, C'Abnrn. CoVode, Davis, Degefier,
Dieltoy, Box, FarnswOrth, Fit oh, Fox, Qriswold,
iiaight, Htmbletori, HijroiH, Hawkins, Hays, Hea-
ton,Honm,HiU,lloaT, Hotehkiss, Inffersoll.Jenekes,
Thomas L. Jones, Jfiliiin, Kellogg, Kotohnsm, Laflin,
Lash, Lotfan, Lottghridfjo, Lyficu, Marshall, May-
ham, Mc&ee, Jcsso 11. Moore, William Moore, Mor-
gan, Morphis.Morriasoy. Negley. Paine, Perce, Piatt,
J'omeroy, Porter, Heading, Rcoves,, Ktdcway, Ho-
lers, Hoots. Sherrod, J ohn A. omilb, W ortninston C.
Smith, Starkweather, Stevens, Stevonson, Stilos,
Stone, Strador, Strong, Swann.Townscnd, Trimble,
Van Aulten, Van Horn, Voorhecs, Whitraoro, John
T. Wilson, and Winchester—S3.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
TusrNiir, tswwi Niagara ntvutt.
Mr. BENNETT, from the same committee,
also reported back House bill No. 1542, to au-
thorize the city of Buffalo, New York, to con-
struct a tunnel under Niagara river, and to
erectafld maintain an inlet pier therefrom, with
the recommendation thatit do pass.
The bill, which was read, declares that it
shall and may be lawful for the city of Buffalo,
New York, to construct and maintain a tunnel
under Black Rock harbor and Niagara river, ex-
tending not more than four hundred feet out-
side of Birdlsland pier, and toereet and main-
tain an inlet pier, to be located not more than
four hundred feet outside of said Bird Island
pier.
Mr. BENNETT. I now call tie previous
question.
The previous qnestioa was seconded and tbo
main question ordered.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accord ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr, BENNETT moved to reconsider the
vote by wbic-h the bill was passed; and also
movud that the motion to reconsider be laid
on I lie table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
r. p. I'AItnOTT.
Mf\ POTTER., from the Committee oh Com-
merce, reported badk Senate bill No. 421, for
the refief of II. P. Parrott, tfith the recom-
mendation that it do pass.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Secretary o'f the Treasury shall be authorized
and directed to pay R. P. Parrott the sum of
$12,198 85, oat of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, in full payment for
building an iron light-Boase at Cape Canaveral,
in the State of Florida.
Mr. POTTER demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question vt&s seconded and the
mainquestioh ordered; and Ufider the Operation
thereof the bill was ordered to a third reading:
and it was accordingly read the third tiftie, and
passed.
Mr. POTTER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; atfd also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADDITIONAL LAND DISTRICT, COLORADO.
Sir. SMYTH, of Iowa. I am directed by the
Committee on the Public Lands to report back
House bill No. 424, to create an additional land
district in the Territory of Colorado, with the
recommendation that it do pass.
The bill was read.
Mr. SCHENCK. I make the point of order
that is a public bill and cannot, be reported at
this time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. SCHENCK. I shall not insist on the
objection if nobody else does.
The SPEAKER. It is clearly a public bill,
but can be entertained by unanimous consent.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I must
object if it is a public bill.
THOMAS J. IVES.
Mr. PERRY, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported back
House bill No. 1006, for the relief of Thomas
J. Ives, late postmaster at Havre de Grace, with
the recommendation that it do not pass; and
the same was laid oft the table.
T1S10TIIX BAKER.
Mr. FERRY, from the same committee, also
reported back House bill No. 1325, for tho
relief of Timothy Baker, late postmaster at
St. John's, Michigan, with an amendment.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and re-
quires the Postmaster General, in settling and
adjusting the accounts of Timothy Baker, late
postmaster at St. John's, Michigan, to credit
him with the sum of $593 75 and interest on
the same at seven per cent, per annum since
the 28th day of February, 18G4, $554 75 of said,
sum being commissions belonging to him and
not allowed to said Baker, and the balance of
said sum, thirty-nine dollars,being paidljysaid
Baker to one John Swogler, a mail messenger.
The amendment of the Committee on the
Post Office and Past Eoads was read, as fol-
lows:
Striko out''M ?$>" la lines fourteen and fiftoefl.
and insert "JSS4 is." snaatriko otit all aftoi- "'18C1
is Hna twowly.
lit:- BENJAMIN. Before the gentleman
from Michigan proceeds I desire to know
whether my understanding of this bill is cfor-
reel. Does it allow interost ?
Mr. PERRY. I wilt state the position of
the dsse* _ Arid when that is done I think gen-
tlemen will be drilling to allow the interest.
An account -tva# kept with the postmaster at
St. John's, and it seems that ondef a mis-
apprehension of his duty he failed to render a
quarterly acconnt of the stamps charged against
him, and by r'egtdatifm of (b& Bepartmerct no
commission was aHov/ed in his Ssivat. The
Department iff making op their aeeowst Charged
him yrtth the Whole nmorttrtof the stamps, giv-
ing him no credit for his eotomrssions, and com-
pelled him to pay thabalancct'W'hich they claimed
to bo duo, amounting to §80? SI. f ho post-
master supposed that he was indebted only
some $200, and was ready to pay the amount.
The_ Department directed proceedings to be
instituted against him, and recovered judgment
for §1,102, covering the claim, costs, and in-
terest, they charging interest against him,
and did not allow him anything fot bis com-
missions. The committee hold a letter from
the Department showing the amonnt of com-
missionsthat would be due him. The postmas-
ter now asks that the interest collected by the
Department oft those commissions due him at
the time, and included in the jadgment, should
be refunded. This is admitted by the Depart-
ment to be due him, and was not allov/ed simply
because he failed to make his quartefly returns.
The Iloiise - ill gee that it is a plain act of jus-
tice that this should be allowed. He has paid
the judgment, amonnting to $1,162, including
the costs and interest. The amount againsthim
was $807 81, and the amount ofthe commission
is precisely the amount allowed by the coin-
miUee. I now call the previous question.
Mr. STRICKLAND. I ask the gentleman
to yield to me a moment before calling the
previous question.
Mt. FERRY. I am afraid I have not time.
How much of the morning hour remains ?
The SPEAKER. Three and a half minutes.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. This
is a case in which the committee propose to
allow interest, where it is conceded that the
fault was that of the postmaster himself in not
rendering his aceoant. I thinkthe case should
properly come before the Committee of Claims,
and I hope the House will not establish the
precedent of passing such a measure.
Mr. FERRY. I ao not yield to the gentle-
man for a speech.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to move an
amendment, t.o strike out the interest.
Mr. FERRY. I must insist on calling the
previous question. And let me say that it is
well known that many postmasters do not fully
understand their duties in this respect. The
whole difficulty was simply that this post-
master did not render a quarterly account; but
ho held himself liable for the amount to the
Department. And as judgment was collected
upon him with accrued interest, and as the
I/epartment admit that so much was duo to
him for commissions, it seemed to the com-
mittee only just that interest should be allowed.
On seconding the previous question there
were—ayes 38, noes 24; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Ferry and Mr.
Benjamin.
Tile House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes seventy-eight, noes not counted.
So tho previous question was seconded and
tho main question ordered; which was upon
agreeing to the amendment reported by the
committee.
The amendment was agreed to,
'The bill was ordered to bo engrossed and
read a third time.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I call for tho reading
of the engrossed bill.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and the bill goes over.
Mr. SCHENCK obtained the floor.
USURY LAWS OP TII13 DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. COOK, I ask tho gentleman to yield
to toe to move the appointment of a commit-
tee of conference!.
Mr. 8CHJSNOIC. I yield to tho gentleman,
but not for anything that will cause division or
debate.
On motion of Mr. COOK, bylfnanifnous con-
sent, the bill (S. No. 215) to amend tho usury
laws of the District of Columbia was taken
from tho Speaker's table.
Mr. COOK moved that tbo House insist on
ita amendment to said bill, disagreed to by the
Senate, and agree to the committee of confer-
ence asked for by the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
FAMES IN CITY OF WASHINGTON.
On motion of Mis CO OK, by unanimous con-
sent, the Senate bill No. 745, authorizing the
corporation of the city of Washington to set
apart portions of streets and avenues as parks
for trees and walks, was taken from tho
Speaker's table, and was read a first and sec-
ond time.
Tho question was on ordering the bill to be
read a third time.
The bill authorizes the corporation of the
city of Washington to set apart from time to
time as parks, to be adorned with shade-trees,
walks, and inclosed with curb-stones, not ex-
ceeding one half the width of any and all
avenues and streets in the said city of Wash-
ington, leaving a road-way. of not less than
thirty-five feet in width in tho center of said
avenues and streets,'or two such road-ways on
each side of the park in the center of the same.
It further authorizes and empowers the said
corporation to Levy and collect special taxes,
in such and just manner as said eorpor-
