418
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 27,
Ho. oi? Reps.
Fifteenth Amendment—Mr. Smith.
41st Cong...,.2d Sess.
Why, sir, with this bill a part of the law of
the land, with the hordes of hungry, interested
officials provided for in the other sections prowl-
ing about the country seeking for victims, with
the inducements and opportunities offered to
the mercenary and the malignant, it will not
be safe for men to discuss political questions
with their neighbors, or to transact the ordinary
business of life with each other about election
time. It will have a tendency to breed uni-
versal distrust and uneasiness, to encourage
litigation, to promote the gratification of spite
ana greed of gain by unfounded accusations
and prosecutions.
But it may be claimed that the innocent, law-
abiding citizen will have nothing to fear; that
only the guilty need tremble; that while the
law is general and comprehensive in its terms,
no convictions will ever be had unless an intent
to violate its spirit and destroy the right it seeks
to protect is clearly proven. Let us see. Sec-
tion eight is in the following words :
Sec. 8. And be it further enacfpd, That tho district
courts of the United States, within their respective
districts, shall have, exclusively ot the courts of th e
several States, cognizance of all crimes and offenses
committed against. the provisions of this act, and
also concurrently with the circuit courts of the United
Sta tcs, of all causes, civil and ci imiiutl, arising under
this act, except as herein otherwise provided, and
the jurisdiction hereby conferred shall be exercised
in conformity with tho laws and practice governing
United States courts; and ail crimes and offenses
committed against the provisions of this act may be
prosecuted by tho indictment of a grand jury, or, in
cases of crimes and offenses not infamous, the prose-
cution mny bo either by indictment or information
filed by tho district attorney in a court having juris-
diction.
It will be seen that every prosecution for a
penalty or misdemeanor under the act is to be
tried by the United States courts. In the State
I have the honor to represent—a State larger
than Pennsylvania awl New York combined—•
there is no such court held exeeptat, Portland,
on the extreme northern boundary of the State.
lOvury citizen of tho State is liable at any time
to be dragged from his homo to the place where
this court is held on the complaint of any
person that ho has committed any one of the
new, uncertain, obscurely-defined offenses men-
tioned in this bill.
Suppose he is not convicted, grant that he is
entirely innocent, and that his innocence is
clearly established at the trial, if ho is a poor
man he is ruined. lie may be arrested to be
taken hundreds of miles from home, when he
is planting his crop or engaged in his harvest,
or while his family lie sick, atanytimo without
warning and without guilt, and for what? For
some unguarded and innocent word or act
nltered or performed at, or before some elec-
tion for school directors or road supervisor,
by which some negro, Chinaman, Indian, or
white man was hindered from voting. What
redress does an acquittal secure to him ; what
satisfaction to have his discharge and return to
his home to find his field unplowed, his crops
destroyed, or his wife or children in want orin
the grave ? Why set in motion machinery that
may, under the control of bad men, crush and
ruin many an unoffending citizen? Has there
been any such general disregard of existing
laws as to call for or justify this sweeping
change, or is itlikely that this act will bo better
observed than those under which all preceding
elections have been held ? Why not leave all
such comparatively petty offenses, if committed,
to be tried where a man lives under State laws
and by State officers, as heretofore ? Why in-
augurate this complicated system so uncalled
for, so liable to abuse, so dangerous to the
citizen ?
Can it be claimed that there is no liability to
abuse, that no arrests will he made without
probable cause? The bill offers $500 reward
to any one who will make it appear that his
right has in any way been interfered with.
Can it be doubted that that sum will be suffi-
cient temptation to many persons to institute
prosecutions without probable cause, and to
suborn witnesses to sustain them? There is
no penalty for failure and great reward for suc-
cess. No other Government ever gave such
encouragement to prosecute for such indefinite
and trivial offenses, covering so wide a field,
and likely to result in such multitudinous law-
suits, and all to be tried in courts inconven-
iently located and expensively conducted. But
is there no temptation to any one but the per-
son claiming to be injured to prosecute with-
out probable cause? See what a multitude of
officers are provided for in the ninth and tenth
sections, all directly interested in encouraging
and commencing prosecutions.
Section nine is as follows:
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted. That the district
attorneys, marshals, and deputy marshals of the
United States, the commissioners appointed by the
circuit and territorial courts of the_ United States,
with powers of arresting, imprisoning, or bailing
offenders agair.st tho laws of the United States, and
every other officer who may be specially empowered
by tho President of tho United States, shall bo, and
tuey arohereby, specially authorized and required, at
tho expense of the United States, to institute pro-
ceedings against all and every person who shall vio-
late the provisions of this act, and cause him or them
to bo arrested and imprisoned, or bailed, as tho case
may be, for tiial before sucli couit of the United
States or territorial court as has cognizance of tho
offenses. And with a view to afford reasonable pro-
tection to all persons m their constitutional right to
vote without distinction of race, color, or previous
condition of servitude, and to the prompt discharge
of tho duties of this act, it shall be the duty of tho
circuit courts of the United States, and tho superior
courts of tho Territories of tho United States from
time to timo to increase the number of commission-
ers, so us to afford a speedy and convenient means for
tho arrestand examination of persons ehargedwith a
violation of this act; and such commissioners are
hereby authorized and required to exercise and dis-
charge all the powers and duties conferred on them
by this act, and the same duties with regard to offenses
created by this act as they aro authorized by law to
cxerciso with regard to othor offenses against the
laws of the United States.
Section ten provides that the commissioners
" may appoint in writing any one or more
suitable persons" to assist in the execution of
the law, and every one of these persons may
call on " such portion of the land and naval
forces of the United States or of the militia as
may be necessary for the performance of the
duty with which they are charged, and to in-
sure a faithful observance of the fifteenth
amendment, to the Constitution of the United
States."
There is no limit to the number of officers
provided for by these two sections, and the
President of the United States may specially
empower any other officer, civil or military,
and they are all ''specially authorized and
required, at the expense of the United States,
to institute proceedings," "to arrest, im-
prison, or bail every person who violates the
provisions of this act." What an army is here!
With what powers these officials are armed 1
When Jefferson, in the same immortal doc-
ument I have just quoted, charged the British
king with having " erected a multitude of new
offices and sent hither swarms of officers to
harass our people and eat out their sub-
stance," he had seen no abuses of that kind
to compare either in their enormity or number
with those provided for in this bill. livery
precinct in every State may have its Federal
spy and prosecutor, and every poll may be
surrounded by a squad of soldiers at any elec-
tion. Is there any security for the citizen,
any guarantee for the purity of elections under
such a system ? Can a country be called free
where such a law exists, and where such
powers are intrusted to swarms of irrespons-
ible officers. I say irresponsible, for the
President appoints the judge, the judge ap-
points commissioners, the commissioners their
subordinates, and the subordinates command
the troops, make the arrests, and control the
elections. Are not the dangers of the system
infinitely greater than any likely to arise from
the remissness of State officers in enforcing
the fifteenth amendment.
But the point I was considering is whether
there is danger of numerous arrests being made
by these officers without probable cause. To
decide that question it is only necessary to
inquire how they are to be paid.
Section twelve gives us information upon
that point. It is here. Let me read it;
SKO. 12. And be it further enacted. That the com-
missioners, district attorneys, the marshals, then-
deputies, and the clerks of the said district, circuit,
and territorial courts shall be paid for their services
the like fees as may be allowed to them for similar
services in other cases. The person or persons author-
ized to execute the process to be issued by such com-
missioners for tho arrest of offenders against the pro
visions of this act shall be entitled to the usual lees
allowed to the marshal for an arrest for each person
he or they may arrest and take before any such com-
missioner as aforesaid, with such other fees as may
be deemed reasonable by such commissioner for such
other additional services as may be necessarily per-
formed by liim or them, such as attending at tho
examination, keeping the prisoner in custody, and
providing him with food and lodging during his deten-
tion and. until the final determination of such com-
missioner, and in general for performing such other
duties as may bo required in the premises; such fees
to bo made up in conformity with the fees usually
charged by the officers of the courts of justice within
the proper district or county as near as may bo prac-
ticable, an;l paid out of the Treasury of tho United
States on the certificate of the judge of the district
within which the arrest is made, and to be recover-
able from the defendant as part of the judgment in
caso of conviction.
Thcv are to be paid by fees. The amount
of iheir pay depends upon the amount of their
work. No matter whether their victims aiv
innocent or guilty, whether convicted or ac-
quitted, in either case the officer is sure of his
pay. In case of conviction he collects his fees
as a part of the judgment against the defend-
ant. If acquittal follows the trial he is paid
by the United States. Is there no danger to
the innocent citizen in such an arrangement
as this?
A-rrest and trial at the place where the Fed-
eral court is held may be ruin to him if found
innocent; certainly so if convicted; but in
either case he brings a grist to the official
mill. No arrests no pay. Many arrests many
fees. Was ever such a system of danger and
wickedness devised to harass and ruin the
people of a free country and to maintain in
idleness and encourage in mischief the hungiy
hangers-on of a political party? Is this not,
setting the wolves to guard the flock? When
we remember the kind of material from which
Federal appointments have beeu generally
made for the last ten years, have we not roa
son to fear for the lambs?
What a fat place under this law your Uni-
ted States district attorney will have. He is
not required to submit accusations against his
fellow-citizens to a grand jury. That process
is too slow and uncertain, and gives the ac-
cused too many chances of escape. Grand
juries are not interested in increasing the busi-
ness of the courts and multiplying fees for
their officers. They are apt to have some inter-
ests and feelings in common with their fellow-
citizens, and cannot always be successfully
packed. They are therefore dispensed with
under this hill in the great majority of cases,
aud the district attorney has only to file his
information in court to bring any citizen or
any number of citizens from any part of his
district, no matter if as in Oregon it comprises
a whole State, into the Federal court, and sub-
ject him or them to tedious and expensive
trials, and if possible, with the aid of other
interested prosecutors, deprive them of their
property and liberty, fine and imprison them.
If this result is not reached, at any rate the
judicial mill is kept going, and the tolls are
plentiful and sure.
An incident has beeu related to me by adis
tinguished member of this House since this
discussion began which beautifully illustrates
