5208
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5;
I think that there is quite difficulty enough
in the large cities of Philadelphia atid New
York to obtain men that are competent to dis-
charge the duties of appraisers on all classes
of articles, and this bill allows the importation
of every description of merchandise, "with the
exception of wine, distilled spirits, explosive
and perishable articles." Silks, liquors, wines,
laces, all sorts of jewelry, and everything else
can be imported t6 these interior cities under
this measure, and imported' where it will be
impossible to find experts with the proper
knowledge and judgment, not men doing busi-
ness, to act as appraisers or to be appointed as
appraisers ; and I may add here that this will
impose all the paraphernalia of the New York
custom-house upon every one of these interior
ports where these goods may be transported,
and entail a very large expense upon the
Treasury.
I wish to soy here that if there was any mode
under heaven by which the business of New
York might bo distributed safely to the rev-
enues of the country I should be the very
first to advocate it; I think they have there too
much business, more than thoy can well and
faithfully take care of; but I have yet to see
the bill. I have no doubt that any collector
with a proper view of his duties at New York
might in ten days remove all just cause of corn-
plaint. He could not, to be sure, remove Cin-
cinnati and Chicago and St. Louis to the At-
lantic coast; but it could be fixed so that they
could get their goods as quick at St. Louis and
Chicago as they could at New York, deducting
merely the time of transport; and that is all
that fair-minded men should ask.
Now, sir, if the collector at New York would
have a separate department, a separate ware-
house, where all the goods destined for the
interior might be warehoused and the business
of the custom-house attended to, belonging out-
side of the city of New York, at the earliest
possible moment, then all just cause of com-
plaint would be removed. I think the West is
entitled to ask and to have that, and 1 have no
doubt it could bo accomplished with any effi-
cient collector.
Mr. President, I have not designed to say
one word in relation to this bill more than is
necessary to a proper understanding of it. I
have no interest, the people of my State have
no interest whatever in the subject. I only
desire to impress upon the Senate that, in my
judgment, it is an experiment, and perhaps a
dangerous experiment to be attempted at this
time. Certainly a measure of the character of
that under present consideration should be
better indorsed than this seems to be by the
officers of the Treasury Department. I think
that this measure will cause an endless amount
of confusion and fraud, and tend to break up
our whole system of collecting revenue at the
custom-house department.
There are one or two slight amendments that
I shall propose, although I have not had time
to consider this bill at any length, and I did
not know that it was to be offered until it was
submitted to us and printed, on the motion of
the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. SHERMAN. I believe the Senator from
Michigan is not in at present.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. He has
just this moment stepped out.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 wish to take five min-
utes in reply to my honorable friend from Ver-
mont; but perhaps I had better wait until the
Senator from Michigan makes his remarks,
and then I shall endeavor to give my views on
this matter in five minutes.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the Clerk to read
first the letter which I send to the desk from
the Secretary of the Treasury; and I hope
the Senate will give a. little attention to these
papers as they are being read, for it is a subject
which ought to receive consideration and in-
vestigation, and I hope Senators will pay atten-
tion,
The Chief Clerk read the following letter:
Treasury Department,
March 5,1870.
Sir : The Department has duly considered the sev-
eral features of Senate bill No. 3/2, entitled "A bill to
regulate the appraisement and inspection of imports
iu certain oases, and for other purposes," inclosed
with your letter of the 26th of January last, request-
ing my views as to the necessity and propriety of the
legislation therein proposed. As tho measuro con-
templates a material change in the manner of col-
lecting a portion of the public revenue, it has been
thought proper to givoitaoareful examination, with
a viow of ascertaining in what respect the interests
of the Government may be affected by its provisions.
The bill autiiurizes the tiansportaUon of impoited
merchandise from the portnt first arrival within the
United States to Chicago, Cincinnati, and St. Louis
without examination, inspection, and appraisement,
which, under existing law, arc required to be done at
the sea-board immediately upon tne discharge of the
cargo from the importing ve.-.-ol, for the purpose of
seeming the duties on the same. The transportation
of goods in bond through the country iurnUhcs an
opportunity lor smuggling, and tho (iovenmiont is
undoubtedly subject to considerable loss of revenue,
notwithstanding: the utmost efforts of the Depart-
ment are dtrcolcd to tho prevention of frauds in this
branch of the servico. The bill is a departuro from
the practice authorized by exiting laws in this, that
goods are to bo transported, in bond to be suie, but
yet without any knowledge on the part of tho officers
ot tho Government ot the contents of the packages,
and of course without any comparison of toe goods
with the invoices. I cannot doubt that the intro-
duction of tho system will furnish opportunities,
which will be availed of, for the substitution of goods
white en route over the country, and will promote
smuggling at tho inland ports of entry; and it is also
certain that the cost of collecting tho rovenue, in
proportion to the amount collected, will be largely
increased.
The means of estimating tho value of the goods in
foreign countries are very much diminished on tho
part of examiners and appraisers loeated at interior
places in this country. It is apparent that the daily
facilities tor ascertaining the value of goods in Euro-
pean markets aro much greater in the city of Now
York, through a variety of sources of information,
than in Chicago, Cincinnati, and St. Louis.
The only real practical difficulty apprehended
which seems to mo to justify legislation is that goods
destined tor merchants doing business at the interior
cities named are delayed in their delivery at i>fow
York, and that merchants doing business in New
York, by personal solicitation and other means, ob-
tain advantages in tho matter of time in tho exam-
ination and appraisement of their goods.
I have submitted tho subject to tho collector of
customs at New York, who states that, as far ashe is
able to ascertain, no such special privileges aro en-
joyed by the merchants of that city over merchants
resident at inland cities, and that whatever may
have boon the practiuo heretofore, he will make
every possible exertion during his administration to
prevent any such advantages on tho part of resident
merchants.
If, however, in viow of tho facts, Congress shallbo
of opinion that some legislation is necessary, I re-
spectfully submit that it would be more economical
ill the collection of the rovenue, and would secure
more uniformity in valuation, equal efficiency in
every respect, and avoid all the dangers of smug-
gling by transportation previous to an examination
and comparison of tho goods with tho entries, to
establishm the appraisers'department at New York,
whero goods destined tor the interior aro chiefly
bonded, a bureau devoted exclusively to tho exam-
ination of invoices and goods destined for the inte-
rior of the country. Thus all rivalry between tho
merchants residing at New York and others would
bo avoided.
Packages not designed for tho appraisers' stores
could be forwarded immediately, with an opportun-
ity on thepart ofthe officersof the Government,in case
any undervaluation was ascertained, or any discrep-
ancy between the goods sent to tho appraisers' olhce
and the invoices, to arrest by telegraph the delivery
to the importer ofthe goods sent forward.
In this way the merchants doing business in west-
ern cities would bo placed upon equal footing with
merchants resident m New York.
The payment of duties in gold could be as easily
made in New York as at the interior cities; and if
paid at the interior cities it could only he hy the
transportation of go Id troniNew Yorkandtho return
of it at tho expense on the one part of tho mer-
chants. and on the other of the United States, or by
the substitution of gold notes or exchange in some
form.
I have the honor, therefore, respectfullyto recom-
mend, if any legislation is necessary, which does not
seem to me to be established by the facts in the pos-
session of this Department, that a special bureau be
organized at the port of New York, as the least
expensive and most efficient of tho plans proposed.
1 inclose herewith a memorandum, which has been
prepared in the Department, setting forth more in
detail objections to the bill.
1 have the honor to bo, very respectfully,
GEOBGE S. BUUTWELL,
ry r, ,■*< Secretary.
Hon. Z. Chandler, Ohairiiicm Committeeon Commerce,
United States /Senate.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now send to the desk
the inclosure that accompanied that letter of
the Secretary of the Treasury, and ask that it
may be read. It is a very able and ve*y care-
fully drawn examination of the features of the
bill.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Memorandum in relation to Senate bill Ko. 372, enti-
tled "A bill to regulate the appraisement and in-'
spection of imports in certain eases, and for other
purposes/'
Section one provides that any merchandise, ** ex-
cept wine, distilled spirits, and perishable or esrplo-
sivearticlcs, or articles in bulk, importedat any port
of entry in the United States," and destmod iorChi-
cago, St. Louis, or Cincinnati, may be entered at tho
first port, of arrival for warehousing and transport-
ation at once, without appraisement or liquidation"
ot duties, subject only to sucli examination at the
first port of entry as the Secretary of the Treasury
sh:i!l dei'in necessary, to verify invoice and entry.
This section, in authorizing the shipment from the
port of anival to distant interior places, proposes a
dangerous innovation upon the present system of
collecting customs duties.
Under a high tariil, which offers great inducement
for fraud in undervaluationand a clandestine intro-
duction of merchandise into the country, the only
safety to the revenue lies in ascertaining and collect-
ing or seeming the duties at the first port of arrival.
Upon this theory are b.tsed ail of the collection
laws, from the act of 1793 down to the latest enact-
ment upon the subject, with the exception of those
establishing the warehousing system, which is in
direct conflict therewith.
'I he warehousing acrs of August 6,1840, March 23,
1851:, July, 1862, stud March 1-1, 1865, authorizing tho
transportation of goud^ in bond from port to port,
extend to a limited class of merchants a credit ot
three years for the duties, at an interest of only two
and a half percent, per annum. 13y the complicated
and cumbersome machinery of warehousing and re«
warehousing goods, and their transportation in bond,
the expenses of collecting the revenue from customs
have been greatly increased, and many avenues for
corruption and fraud have been opened, without any
corresponding advantage accruing to the Govern-
ment or the community at laige fiom the system.
The consumer dm ives no benefit, therefore, bat on
the contrnry is directly injured by it, since by the
warehousing privilege the importer is enabled to
hold his merchandise in bond until a favorable con-
dition of the market enables him to obtain a maxi-
mum price.
Experience has demonstrated that the sooner the
duties are collected after importation the cheaper
and more thorough will be the collection, and tho
less frequent will be tho occurrence of fraud and
disturbance to legitimate trade.
The facilities now afforded for rapid communica-
tion with foreign and domestic markets by steam aud
telegraph have reiuo\ ed the causes which led to the
passage of tho warehousing act. by which importers
are enabled to hold large quantities of goods in bond
upon a creditsystem maintained by the Government.
It may not be inappropriate to call attention to
the fact that the holding of goods in bond has in ti
great measure fallen into the hands of foreigners,
who have established agencies at our principal ports
lor the sale of their own importations, which, with a
small capital, they are enabled to holdin bond, to the
manifest injury of the actual bona fide importer.
1 rom these considerations it would seem thai instead
of enlarging this warehouse and transportation sys-
tem, as proposed by this bill, Congress ought rather
to repeal absolutely the laws by which the system was
established.
So long as payment of internal revenue tax is
required the collection of the customs revenue should
be confined as nearly as possible to frontier places,
thus avoiding in a great measure the complication
ofthe two systems, and precluding the innumerable
opportunities for fraud which are aitorded by suoli
complication. Without going into detail it may be
stated as a fact that it was entirely owing to the
tempting facilities afforded by tins warehouse and
transportation system that the immense frauds so
successfully carried out at I he close ol'the last Admin-
istration at New York, New Orleans, and Mobde
wereperpetrated.
This bill proposes to extend the privileges therein
specified, to three ports only; hut would not its pas-
sage afford a precedent lor extending its supposed
benefits to every interior town of any considerable
commercial importance in tho entire country ? By
the establishment ot such a system the Government
would eventually be compelled to follow foreign
imports from thesea-board or frontier to every inte-
rior city m the land, in order to obtain payment of
the legal duties.
Section two. This section authorizes warehouse and
transportation bonds to be executed at the port of
final destination, the sureties to justify before the
collector ac said ports, who shall certify to their suf-
ficiency, and to he transmitted to the collector of the
port of first arrival.
. This section is identical with the act of 1831. Noth-
is erarstod to the importer hy it which is not
aheady provided for by law. And the preparation
i'i at the port of destination, and its trans-
mittal to the port of first arrival, involves the same
I tu11 i u arising from technical objection? raised
consequent aggravating
u^iays, winch arc now so much complained of by
inland importers.
it has been found impossible to
lUi.y protect >. lie customs revenue fr&ucU.. on account
