1432
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order is
well taken. Debate on this portion of the bill
has been closed by order of the House.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Dawes j ana upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 40, noea 6; no quorum
voting.
Mr. MAY NARD. As debate on this porti on
of the bill was closed by order of the House,
on the motion of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Dawes,J I must call for tellers
on this amendment.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Dawes and
Mr. Maynard were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 81, noes 10; no
quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN. Under the rules the
Chair must direct the Clerk to call the roll of
members.
The Clerk accordingly wiled the roll, and
the following members tailed to answer to their
names:
Messrs. Adams, Archer, Ayer, Bailey, Banks,
Barnum, Benjamin, Benton, Bigga, Booker, Bowen,
Burdett, Cake, Cleveland, Clinton L. Cobb, Cowles,
Cox. Cuilom, Davis, Dixon, Dockery, Fox, Garfield,
lialdeman, Hambleton, Hamilton, llawley. Hays,
lleaion, Hill, Holman, iiotebkiss, Ingersoll, Thomas
L. Jones, Kellogg, Lafliu, Lash, Lynch, Mercur,
Milnos, Daniel J. Morrell. Morrissey, Mungen.Neg-
ley, Palmer, Poland,Potter, Randall, Reeves, liidg-
way, Koots, Sohumaker, Sherrod, William bmyth,
Stevens, Stiles. Stone, Sweeney, Tanner, Van Auken,
Van Horn, Van Wyek. Voorhees, Ward, Wilkinson,
Williams, Eugene M. Wilson, and Winans.
The Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr.
Cessna reported that the Committee of the
Whole, pursuant to order of the House, having
under consideration the legislative, executive,
and judicial appropriation bill, and finding it-
self without a quorum, he as the chairman had
directed the Clerk to call the roll of members,
and now reported the names of the absentees
to the House.
The SPEAKER. The roll having been
called, and one hundred and fifty members
answering to their names, thus showing the
presence of a quorum, the Committee of the
Whole will resume its session.
The Committee of the Whole accordingly
resumed its session.
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee
rose it was dividing on the amendment of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.]
The question -was again taken; and the
amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Ito incidental and contingent expenses of the
Treasury Department:
In the office of the Secretary of the Treasury and
the several bureaus, including copying, labor, bind-
ing, sealing, ships' registers, translating foreign lan-
guages, advertising, and extra elerk hire for prepar-
ing and collecting information to be laid befoie
Congress, and for miscellaneous items, $50,000.
For stationery for the Treasury Department and
the several bureaus, $45,000.
For desks, tables, cases, boxes, and miscellaneous
articles of furniture, including repairs and renova-
tion of the saye, $4,000.
Mr. DAWES. I move to strike out" four''
and insert "ten," so that the latter appro-
priation will be $10,000 instead of $4,000,
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope there will be some
explanation of this large increase.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 41, noes 32; no quorum voting.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope this increase over
the estimates of $6,000 on such items as this
will be explained to this committee.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Dawes and
Mr. Holman were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tell'
ers reported—ayes 66, noes 4-5.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For carpets, oil-cloths, mattings, rugs, and other
miscellaneous articles of like nature, including re-
pairs, renovation, and putting down the same, $1,000.
Mr. DAWES. I am instructed by the com-
mittee to increase that to $2,600.
Mr. HOLMAN. I must demand a division
on that amendment. I should like to know
what good reason there is for this increase
above the estimates.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 67, noes 46.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Independent Treasury:
Office of Assistant Treasurer at New York: for
Assistant Treasurer, $8,000; for deputy Assistant
Treasurer, chief clerk, clerks, messongors, porters,
watchmen, and detectives, $90,000,
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent to
postpone the further consideration of that para-
graph till Monday next.
There was no objection ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
The Clerk read as follows:
Office of Assistant Treasurer at Boston : for Assist-
ant Treasuror, $o,000; chief clerk, $2,700; for clerks
and messenger, $20,000.
Mr. DAWES. I move to add to that the
following:
And so much of the act making appropriations for
the legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of
the Government for the year ending the 30th of June,
1870, approved March 3,1869, as limits the amount
appropriated for the salaries of clerks and messen-
gers for this office to $20,000 is hereby repealed.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suppose that is incom-
petent legislation on the appropriation bill, as
it proposes to repeal the law. If, however,
there t>e proper and satisfactory explanation
I shall not object. It seems to repeal a proper
restrictive clause of the law.
Mr. DAWES. If the committee will allow
me I will explain it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Debate has been
cut off on motion of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, and he ought not to be the first to
break his own vpte. But I do not object.
Mr. DAWES. In the last appropriation
bill this office was cut down to $20,000 by a
paragraph inserted prohibiting a greater ex-
penditure. In order to furnish this office with
a chief clerk it is necessary that paragraph
should be repealed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows, under the head-
ing " Mint of Philadelphia: "
For incidental and contingent expenses, including
wastage and repairs, $25,000.
Mr. COBURN. I move to strike that out,
and I do so for the purpose of inquiring of the
i chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
what these contingent expenses are. I call his
attention to these other items :
Branch mint at San Francisco, California:
For incidental and contingent expenses, repairs,
and wastage, $69,545.
Assay office. New York:
For incidental and contingent expenses, $50,000.
Mr. DAWES. They embrace all such matter
*as coal, gas, and all necessary current expenses,
covering all details which may be properly in-
cluded in such an item. The amounts are dif-
ferent at the different mints, in consequence of
the difference in the amount of business car-
ried on and the greater cost at one place than
at others.
Mr. COBURN. I withdraw my amendment.
The Clerk read the following:
Branch mint at San Francisco, California:
For salaries of superintendent, treasurer, assayer,
melter and refiner, coiner, and six clerks, $30,500.
For wages of workmen and adjusters, $150,000.
Mr. AXTELL. In the five hundred and ninety-
second line I move to strike out "$160,000"
and insert " $190,000and I ask the chairman
of the committee to allow the note appended
to this item in the book of estimates to be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
"[Not*.—The superintendent of the San Francisco
branch mint, in his letter to the Director, says: 'This
estimate is based upon a careful calculation of neces-
sary expenses, and is only slightly in excoss of the
amount actually expended by my predecessor during
the year just closed. To strictly comply with the
Mint law 1 have appointed a register of deposits and
a superintendent ofdepositmelting; and forthepro-
tection of the bullion in the mint I have found it
necessary to increase the number of watchmen, thus
considerably increasing the expenditure for wages
of workmen. Subjected as we are to the fluctuations
in tho value of currency, which wo are compelled to
reduce to a gold valuation, and crowded as wo aro
for want of room in all the operations of this branch,
I am unwilling to practice that expensive economy
which would reduce my working, force below the
number required to properly manipulate and pro-
tect the bullion with which wo are intrusted, and
tend to impair the public confidence in this branch.
I have therefore madeacareful and honest estimate,
and have left no margin to bo cut away by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.' (Signed.) 0.11. La Grange,
superintendent. Tho Director invites special atten-
tion to this explanation.]"
Mr. AXTELL. Thecommittee will observe
that the Director of the Mint indorses the
statement of the superintendent of the San
Francisco branch mint. I have no doubt that
the estimate of General La Grange, which is
for $190,000 instead of $150,000, is not more
than is necessary for the public service. Gen-
eral La Grange has just succeeded to tlie direc-
tion of the mint, and from his well known
character and high standing I have no doubt
that he has great pride in carrying on the affairs
of the mint in an economical manner and in a
way that will be for the best interests of the
Government. He states that he has found it
necessary to employ some additional watchmen
and superintendents, and recommends that his
estimate be not cut down, and the Director of
the Mint indorses the recommendation. There
is no margin here. The item does not include
any "wastage" or "incidentals," but is for
the actual pay of workmen. The committee
will bear in mind that to coin money is as much
a mechanical process as to roll out railroad
iron. And it is not to be presumed that a pub-
lic officer, in exercising the responsibility
intrusted upon him, would desire more work-
men than are absolutely necessary for conduct-
ing the business profitably to the Government.
I hold that it is vastly important to this country
that our bullion should become coin. We do
not want to make the precious metals a matter
of merchandise to be sent away in bars more
than can possibly be helped. The day is nearly
dawning when the paper of the Government
will no longer be at a discount. We are rap-
idly nearing the time when the paper promise
of the Government to pay a dollar shall be
equal in value to a dollar in coin. We ought,
therefore, to foster the coinage of our bullion
so that it may not go out of the country in
bars, but may remain in the country in the
form of coin.
I hope the committee will give a favorable
consideration to the proposition to increase this
estimate to $190,000—an increase of $40,000—
and not refuse the necessary aid and help to
the superintendent of this great mint at San
Francisco, where most of the coin of the United
States has yet to be made. I trust they will
also agree to maintain the great silver mint at
Carson, Nevada. I trust they will adopt such
a policy as will secure the coining of our bul-
lion instead of a policy which will compel it to
go out of the country as merchandise.
It cannot be true that there are a consider-
able number of men in this House that believe
that the greenbacks of the country are in them-
selves money, and we must soon have a much
larger volume of metallic currency than we
have now.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SARGENT. I dislike, of course, to
differ with my able colleague [Mr. Axtell]
upon any matter of appropriations for our
State. I am inclined to believe, considering
his anxiety to reduce many expenditures, as
he has shown us, especially on this bill, that he
would not willingly advocate what he thought
an extravagant appropriation for his own State.
But I am unable to agree with him in the con-
clusions at which he has arrived in this matter.
He has called attention to the note of Mr. La
Grange, the superintendent of the mint at San
Francisco, wherein he says that he has made his
estimates too small, although $40,000 more
than the appropriations for the current year,
and further that he has " left no margin to be
cut away by the Committee on Appropriations.''
This is the first time, I think, that that doctrine
