4264
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
mittee from New York [Mr. Cox] before J.call
the previous question.
Mr. COX. I only desire to say a word or
two. I concurred with my colleagues in rega'rd
to reporting this bill. I did so after careful
examination of the facts ascertained by the gold
investigation committee, and of the statements
made by the substantial merchants of NewYork,
not the speculators either in produce or in
gold, but the men of solid parts, the men who
look to the substantial interests of the people
, outside as well as inside their city, the men of
| character and propriety. These men generally
"gave it as their opinion, according to their best
judgment, that there ought to be some legisla-
tion to stop this vehicle of gold gambling, which
is the subject of this bill. I do not think there
was a single member of the Committee on Bank-
ing and Currency—and in that statement I
believe I can include my absent friend from
Kentucky, [Mr. Joxes]—but concurred in this
report, believing that the bill would at least
have some effect in keeping somewhat stable
our fluctuating currency.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now yield to
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Wood.]
Mr. WOOD. X presume that every member
of this House will be willing to contribute by his
vote to create any legislation the effect of which
will be to stop the'gambling in gold. The bill
passed in March, 18(31), isan attempt to accom-
plish that by providing that it should be made
a penal offense for any bank officer to certify
any check drawn upon a bank without there
being funds deposited in advance to cover it.
Hut I doubt whether that law has had the
slighter-! effect in accomplishing the purpose
intended ; for the gold panic of September,
IMC.',), occurred after the passing of that act.
The speculation in gold is carried on and trans-
acted by methods and by means irrespective
of the banking institutions altogether. And to
attempt by legislation to regulate the internal
practical affairs of banking institutions is .some-
thing which, in my opinion, is beyond the
power of the House to accomplish.
Now, sir, (i merchant or a banker or a
broker keeps his account, in a bank. He makes
three, four, live, ten, sometimes twenty depos-
its in a day. He deposits in his bank various
securities, with the understanding that his
drafts shall be honored, and his account made
good every day before three o'clock. That is
the practical operation of the largest mercan-
tile establishments in the city of Now York, as
well as of the largest private bankers in that
city.
Now, the banks have been compelled, in my
judgment legitimately and properly, either to
entiiely wind up the most profitable part of
their business, or to evade in some possible
way (he provisions of the law of 180!), and con-
sequently they have transferred alleged depos-
its founded on securities to accounts, when
those deposits were not practically and du facto
as money in the possession of the bank at all.
That thing has been done, and upon sound
mercantile and banking transactions and in
good public policy ; and I do not believe that
it is in the power of the two Houses of Con-
gress to make water run up hill. This is a
practical question, and you cannot govern or
regulate questions of this character by legisla-
tion. The wants of trade and commerce will
necessarily regulate all affairs of this kind.
Now, the gentleman'sbill proposes to make it
a penal offense, punishable with fine and impris-
on merit, to do that which it is impossible for any
Government ever to detect and find out. I do
not oppose the bill especially ; but 1 say that it
is futile for the committee to attempt to accom-
plish that which, in my judgment, is beyond
the power of the Legislature of any country,
and which Congress should not attempt even
if thi-y had the power to accomplish it.
Mi. GAUFIKLD, of Ohio. I desire to say
a tingle wo: J bef'oie moving the previous ques
tic a. The Secretary of t he Treasury, in his
1 tepoi;, i.as <
ded a much more
stringent measure than thia. He has recom-
mended that we actually forbid any national
bank to certify the checks of any other national
bank, whether the money be deposited for them
ornot, andhesayshe knowsof no better way to
cover the great evil than that. The Committee
on Banking and Currency considered the mat-
ter very carefully and heard the testimony of
George Opdyte and Richard Schelland a large
number of other-prominent gentlemen in New
York, and they all agreed that to follow the
recommendation of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury would be too violent a measure, and would
very much disturb business. We have therefore
chosen, as the nearest approach to curing the
evil that we can possibly devise, merely to say
that there shall be a personal penalty attached
to the officer of the bank who violates the law,
whereas there is no such penalty under the ex-
isting law. I believe no one will object upon
any other ground than that it may not be effect-
ual ; and 1 demand the previous question on the
engrossment of the bill.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I desire to ask the
gentleman from Ohio to consent to insert the
word "willfully" before the word "violate" in
the fourth line of the section.
Mr. GAllFIELD, of Ohio. I have no objec-
tion to the insertion of that word.
There was no objection; and tho word was
inserted.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the hill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. UAllFJELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was pas-'eil;
find also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JNOJUiASU 01' HANICI.NO FACILITIES.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, from the same
committee, reported back, with' an amend-
ment in the nature of a substitute, the bill
(S. No. JiTi-') to provide a national currency of
coin notes, and to equalize the distribution of
circulating notes.
Mr. INGKRSOLL. I desire to offer an
amendment, to that bill.
Mr. GARFHibl), of Ohio. 1 yield to my
colleague on the committee [Mr. .Iuod] to
offer an amendment to the substitute reported
by the committee.
Mr. TNGERSOLL. And I desire to offer a
substitute for the substitute.
Mr. RANDALL. I would like to have tho
Senate bill read.
The Clerk read the Senate bill.
The first section provides that $45,000,000
in notes for circulation may be issued to na-
tional banking associations in addition to the
$"00,000,000 authorized by the twenty-second
section of the act to provide a national cur-
rency secured by a pledge of United States
bonds, and to provide for tho circulation and
redemption thereof, approved June <j, 18(>-l;
and the amount of notes so provided shall be
furnished to banking associations organized
or to be organized in those States and Terri-
tories having less than their proportion under
the apportionment contemplated by the provis-
ions of the act to amend an act to provide a
national currency secured by a pledge of Uni-
ted States bonds, and to provide for the cir-
culation and redemption thereof, approved
March 3, 1805; but that a new apportionment
of the increased circulation herein provided
tor shall be made as soon as practicable, based
upon the census of 1870.
The second section provides that at the end
of each month after the passage of this act it
shall be the duty of the Comptroller of the
Currency to report to the Secretary of the
Treasury the amount of circulating notes issued
to national banking associations during the
previous month; whereupon the Secretiny of
the Treasury shall redeem and retire an amount,
of the three per cent, temporary loan certifi-
cates issued under the acts of March 2, 1867,
and July 25, 1868, not less than the amount of
circulating notes so reported ; and may, if
necessary, in order to procure the presentation
of such temporary loan certificates for redemp-
tion, give notice to the holders thereof, by pub-
lication or otherwise, that certain of said certifi-
cates (which shall be designated by number,
date, and amount) shall cease' to bear interest
from and after the date of such notice, and that
the certificates so designated shall no longer be
available, as any portion of the lawful money
reserve in the possession of any national bank,
and after such notice no interest shall be paid
on such certificates, and they shall not be
counted as a part of the reserve of any banking
association.
The third section provides that after the
expiration ot six months from the passage of "
this act any banking association located in any
State having more than its proportion of cir-
culatiou may be removed to any State having
less than its proportion of circulation, under
such rules and regulations as the Comptroller
of the Currency, with the approval of tSe Sec-
retary of the Treasury, may require ; provided
that the amount of the issue of said banks shall
not be deducted from the amount of new issue
provided for in this act.
The fourth section provides that upon the.
deposit of any United States bonds, bearing
interest payable in gold, with the Treasurer of
the United States, in the manner prescribed in
the nineteenth and twentieth sections of the
national currency act, it shall be lawful for the
Comptroller of the Currency to issue to the
association making the same, circulating notes
of different, denominations not less than five
dollars, not exceeding in amount eighty per
cent, of the par value of the bonds deposited,
which notes shall bear upon their face the prom-
ise, of the association to which they are issued
to pay them upon presentation, at the office of
the association, in gold or silver coin of the
United States, and shall be redeemable upon
sueh presentation in such coin.
The fifth section provides that every national
banking association formed under the pro-
visions of the preceding section of this act
shall at a,U times keep on hand not less than
twenty-five per cent, of its outstanding circu-
lation in gold or silver coin of tho United
Stales, and shall receive at par in the payment
of debts the gold notes of every other such
banking association which at the time of such
payments shall bo redeeming its circulating
notes in gold or silver coin of the United States.
The sixth section piovides that every asso-
ciation organized for the purpose of issuing
gold note--, as provided in the preceding sec-
tion, shall be subject to all the requirements
and provisions of the national currency act,
except the first clause of section twenty-two,
which limits the circulation of national bank-
ing associations to $300,000,000; the first
clause of section thirty-two, which, taken in
connection with the preceding section, would
require national banking associations organ-
ized in the city ef San Francisco to redeem
their circulating notes at par in the eitv of
New York; and the last clause of section
thirty-two, which requires every national bank-
ing association to receive in payment of debts
the notes of every oilier national banking asso-
ciation at par, provided that in applying the
provisions and requirements of said act to the
banking associations herein provided for the
terms "lawful money" and "lawful money
of the United States " shall be held and con-
strued to mean gold or silver coin of the Uni-
ted States.
The seventh section provides that to secure
a better distribution of the national banking
currency there maybe issued circulation notes
to banking associations organized in States
and Territories having a less banking circula-
tion than their pro rata share, as herein set
ibi'Lu. And the circulation in this section au-
