1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
nn
ation may determine, in particular wards, parts,
or sections of the city, or upon all property
bordering upon avenues, streets, and alleys
which shall have been so improved, sufficient
in amount to pay the actual cost thereof; pro-
vided that nothing herein contained shall be
held to apply to Pennsylvania, Louisiana, and
Indiana avenues, nor to Four-and-a-half street
between the City Hall and Pennsylvania ave-
nue.
Mr. DAWES. If the bill is before the House
for action I desire to propose an amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 yielded with the under-
standing that the bill was to cause no discussion.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to have it provided
that no part of these improvements shall be
for private purposes. Under the authority of
just such a bill as this there was an attempt to
build door-yards out into the avenues a few
years ago.
Mr. LAWRENCE, 1 would ask the gentle-
man from Illinois if it is contemplated by the
bill that a tax may be levied on the Govern-
ment property in this city?
Mr. COOK. No, sir; not on the Govern-
ment property. .
Mr. WOOD. I would inquire if the bill pro-
poses to make the whole taxable population
of Washington liable to assessment for these
improvements?
Mr. COOK. It proposes to allow the com-
mon council of the city to provide for setting
out trees and making parks, assessing the prop-
erty benefited thereby for the expense.
Mri WOOD. My inquiry in directed to this
point: whether this bill would subject all the
property of the city, as well as that to be espe-
cially benefited by the improvements, to an
assessment to pay this expense?
Mr. COOK. The common council will have
a right to assess taxes upon such property as
they shall designate to be benefited by the
improvements.
Mr. WOOD. Well, 1 am not willing, for one,
to trust the present corporation of the city of
Washington with that power over any property,
and I am opposed to the bill.
Mr. COOK. I offer the following amend-
ment, suggested by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Dawes:]
Andprovidedfurther, Ihatnothini* in this actshall
authorizo the occupancy of any portion of tho pub-
lic streets or avenues for private purposes.
I move the previous question on the bill.
Mr. WOOD. The bill should be carefully
considered by a committee before it is passed.
Mr. COOK. The Committee for the District
of Columbia have examined it.
The question was put on seconding the pre-
vious question, and no quorum voted.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Cook and
Mr. Wood were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers repott-
ed—ayes eighty-five, noes not counted..
So the previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. COOK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The Utter motion was agreed to.
leave of absence.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was
granted to Mr. Dos for one week on account
of sickness in his family j to Mr. Hamill until
Wednesday nest; and to Mr. Benjajiix for
tv,-o weeks from Monday next.
papei'.s toiidlfawm and ilul'miked.
On motion of Mr. DICKINSON, by unan-
imous consent, leave was granted to withdraw
from the files of tho House the petition and
papers of Lieutenant George Veltfort, fifty-
fourth New York infantry ; and the same were
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
redemption of copper and other coins.
Mr. POTTER, by unanimous consent', intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1670) for the redemp-
tion in Treasury notes of the copper, bronze,
and nickel coins of the United States; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Banking and Currency.
CAPITOL GROUNDS.
Mr. POTTER also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1671) to enlarge
the public grounds surrounding the' Capitol;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds.
collection 05" debts bub the united states.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, by unani-
mous consent, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill (H. R. No. 1672) to
provide for the collection of debts due to the
United States from certain southern railroad
corporations; which was read afirst and second
time,recommitted to the committee, and ordered
to be printed.
claims on japan.
Mr. PETERS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House that the joint resolution (S. R.
No. 15-1) authorizing the Secretary of State to
adjust certain claims, atid directing the pay-
ment thereof, be taken from the Speaker's
tablo and referred to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs. The party has been waiting three
weeks to go before the committee.
Mr. DAWES. I must object. I want the
" pressure" kept up on the whole business ou
the table. [Laughter.]
Mr. PETERS. The pressure has been some-
what relieved.
Mr. DAWES. I withdraw the objection.
The joint resolution was then taken from.the
Speaker's table, read a first and secoud time,
and referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
united states courts is wisconsin.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask Tmanirflous con-
sent to have taken from the Speaker's tablo,
out of its order, Senate bill No. 684, for refer-
ence.
No objection was made; and accordingly
the bill (S. No. 684) to change the time tor
holding the circuit and district courts of the
United States for the district of Wisconsin
was taken from the table, read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
soldiers' home, washington.
Mr. SLOCUM. I ask unanimous consent
to have taken from the Speaker's table, out of
its order, a Senate joint resolution relating to
officers of the Soldiers' Home.
No objection was made; and the joint reso-
lution (8. II. No. 167) relating to officers of the
Soldiers' Home was taken from the table and
read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering it to be read
a third time.
Mr. SLOCUM. I ask that this joint reso-
lution be now put upon its passage.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that, the law passed January 21, 1870,
prohibiting the assignment of retired Army
officers to duty shall not apply to officers selected
by the board of commissioners of the Soldiers'
Home of the District of Columbia for duty at
that institution, such selection being approved
by the Secretary of War, provided that they
shall receive from the Government only the
pay and emoluments allowed by law to retired
officers.
The joint resolution was then read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. SLOCUM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid oa the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
commander edward p. tflimams.
Mi'. HAY, by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 1673) granting pensions to the
minor children of the late Commander Edward
P. Williams, who perished on the United States
steamer Oneida; which was read afirst and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Invalid Petfsions.
- Mr. ALLISON. I move to reconsider the
various 'votes of reference and recommitment
this morning; and I also move that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter Motion was agreed to.
timothy bakes.
Mr. PERRY. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the House this morning ordered the
bill (H. R. No. 1325) forthe relief of Timothy
Baker, late postmaster at St. John's, Michi-
gan, to be engrossed and read a third time.
Tho SPEAKER. Does the gentleman desire
action upon that motion at this time 1
Mr. FERRY. I do not.
The SPEAKER. It, will be entered upon
the Journal.
takife bill,
Mr. SC3ENCK. Before moving to go into
Committee of the Whole on the tariff bill I
move that all debate upon the pending para-
graph relating to the duty on tea shall termin-
ate in half an hour after the consideration
of the same shall be again resumed in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. COX. Let us have more time than that.
Mr. BECK. Let us have at least an hour.
Mr. DAWES. It would be better to make
it fifteen minutes.
Mr. SCHENCK. Let some gentleman move
an amendment, and that will bring the House
to a test vote upon that question.
Mr. COX. Very well; 1 will move to extend
the time for debate to one hour.
The question was then taken upon the mo-
tion of Mr. CoX; and upon a division—ayes
52, noes G6—it was not agreed to.
The motion of Mr. Schenck was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole upon the special
order.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Wheeler in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the special order,
being the bill (H. R. No. 1068) to amend exist-
ing laws relating to the duty on imports, and
for other purposes.
The pending paragraph was tho following:
On teas of all kinds, twenty cents per pound.
The CHAIRMAN. By order of the House
all debate upon the pending paragraph is lim-
ited to half an hour.
The following amendment, moved by Mr.
LouomtiDGE, was pending :
Add to the pending paragraph tho following:
Provided, That tea, when imported direct frotn
the country of its growth or production in American
vessels or in foreign vessels entitled by reciprocal
treaties to be esompt from discriminating duties,
tonnage and otuer charges, shall he admitted free of
duty.
An amendment by Mr. Wood was also pend-
ing, to strike out of the pending paragraph the
words "twenty cents per pound" and insert
the words "five per cent, aa valorem;" so that
the paragraph will read: "On teas of all
kinds, five per cent, ad valorem."
The CHAIRMAN. The first question will
be upon the amendment moved by the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Wood,] upon which
debate has been exhausted.
Mr. WOOD. Will it he in order lor me to
modify my amendment? .
The CHAIRMAN. It will, as no action has
yet been had upon it
Mr. WOOD. Then I modify it so as to make
it read "'twenty per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Is it in order to move
a substitute for the entire paragraph ?
