1870.
IBS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3321
UM i** h rd«lii|> iu 'i, Umm ukiiif llw
civil office is a voluntary matter entirely.
Mr. WILSON. I will say in reply to tho
See u>r that. it was very clear to the committee
oiHcers iu active service should uot be
' to anv civil office ami retaia their
places in the Army. But we retire certain
oncers o.  account of iwe, physical disability
incurred in the line of duty, or wounds; we
pwtide •" ,llis 1)'!1 llliU their number may be
[iiree hundred. We have provided also that
,1#y shitil uot he detailed by the President ou
any service. That is the existing law. The
President cannot detail these officers.
Mr. Tlll'MBULL. Aro they not detailed
as presidents of colleges?
Mr. WILSON. No, sir; they canuot be
detail for any service whatever. They are
excluded 'uy law froui beiug detailed to do any
military duty.
Mr. TRL'MBULL. But I understood that
cl*ss of officers were detailed as professors of
colleges.
Mr. WILSON. No, sir; those are officers
ia active service.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is there auy objection
to detailing them as professors in colleges?
Mr. WILSON. 1 do not think myself there
could be auy objection to detailing them for
colleges, or detailing them for courts-martial,
or detailing them for boards, or to be at the
head of the Soldiers' Ilome. I would be
willing to adopt a section—and I have writ-
tgu one to that effect—that on their own
application they may be detailed for these
places. Buiit seemed rather hard that an
o£eer who had been retired on accouut of
wound* or disabilities incurred in the line of
duty should be denied the privilege of filling
any little place that his neighbors might offer
hitu. Take, for instance, the case of General
Fessenden, the sou of our late lamented asso-
ciate. He had a leg shot off in battle; he has
been retired from the service, is at his home.
I saw a statement recently that he was men-
tioned as a candidate for mayor of the city of
Portland. There is no pablic reason why this
ofEctr, having lost a leg in the service of his
country, should uot fill any little offioe his
neighbors might elect him to. I shall not be
strenuous about it, but it did seem to me rather
hard to exclude ail the retired officers.
Mr. TRUMBULL, I will make no motion
about it now, I have called attention to it. I
believe it is not intended to amend the bill at
present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
section will be read.
The Secretary read sections, twenty-one,
twenty-two, twenty-three, twenty-four, twenty-
fire, and twenty-six, as follows:
Stc.21 And 6e it further enacted, That nothing in
this act shall be construed to prevent the assign-
ment to duty as additional second lieutenants or
brevet second lieutenants of the graduates of tho
Military Academy. , _
See. 23, Ami be it further enacted, That tho Secrc-
'iry of War shall prepare a system of general regu-
lations for the administration of the affairs of the
Anay,which, when approved by tho Preaidcnt, shall
be ia force and obeyed until altered or revoked by
'.he ?ame authority; and said regulations shall be
reported to Congress at its next session: Provided,
Xoat laid regulations shall not be inconsistent with
the laws of the United States.
. Sic. 24. And be it further enncttd, That the provis-
ions of the act of July 28, I860, which declared that
the existing regulations tor the Army shall remain
m force, are hereby repealed.
Sec. 25. And be it {urfker enacted. That the Sec-
retaries of War and the Navy be, and they are
 «reby, authorized and directed so to arrange the
course of studies and the order of recitations at the
Military and Naval Academies that the students in
*aid institutions will not be required to pursue their
stadias on Sunday; nor 8hall they be required to
take part in drills or parades on that day.
bee. 26. And be it further enacted. That from and
•uter the passage of this act the Secretary of W ar
.be, and he is hereby, authorised to permit one trad-
ing establishment to be maintained at any military
Post on the frontier, not in the vicinity of any city
or town, when in his judgment such establishment
>* needed fur the accommodation of emigrants,
freighters, and other citizens; and the persons to
maintain such trading establishments shall be ap-
pointed by him: Provided, That such traders shall
be unier protection and military control as eamp-
followers. The jeint resolution,approved MAjjohSj),
mi, to authorise the commanding General of the
Army to permit traders to remain at certain muittrry
posts, is hereby repealed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The read-
ing of the substitute! has been concluded.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to sugsrest an j
amendment in section fifteen, to which I called
attention while the substitute was being read. ,
In line thirty-seven, after the word '' annum,"' i
I would make a period and begin a nefr sen- '
tence, striking out the word "and'' aivdstrik- !
ins;out " these sums," and inserting "'.he psiy Ij
allowed by this section ; " so as to read: !;
The pay allowed by this section shall bo in full of j
all commutation of quarters, fuel, forage, servants'
wages and clothing, longevity rations, and all allow- ;
ancas of every name and nature whatever. ;
That will make the section clear, while as it
is the legal construction of it would be to limit
only the persons mentioned in the fore part of
the proviso, whereas it is intended to apply
this catting off of commutation of quarters to
all the officers.
Mr. WILSON. I do not thiuk there can be
any doubt about the legal construction of the
section; bnt if the Senator thinks there is, I
have no objection to an amendment which
accomplishes precisely the object.
The amendment to the amendment' was
agreed to. j
Mr. DRAKE. I woald call tho attention
of the chairman of the committee to the second !
section, line five. To what year does that
month of October belong? i
Mr. WILSON. This year.
Mr. DRAKE. It should be stated what
year it refers to. I think after that word
" October" should be added " 1870."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment to the amendment will be regarded as
adopted unless objection be made.
Mr. WILSON. Certainly I will not object
to it. It refers to the 1st of October next; it
mnst mean the October of this year; but if
there is any doubt about it this fixes it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, The amend-
ment to the amendment will be regarded as
agreed to.
Mr. ROSS. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the Senator from Missouri by putting
it "1871." . ,,
Mr. DRAKE. I call tie attention of tie
chairman of the committee to tie suggestion
of the Senator from Kansas,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Kansas moves to amend the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Missouri so as ;
to make it 1871 instead of 1870,
Mr. WILSON. I hope that will not he
adopted. We have four hundred and eighty
surplus officers, made so by reducing the
infantry regiments last year.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts suspend for a moment ?
It is the opinion of the Chair that the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Kansas is
not in order, as the amendment offered by the
Senator from Missouri is an amendment, to an
amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We can reach that by
disagreeing to the amendment of the Senator
from Missouri and then letting the Senator
from Kansas move a fresh amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By common
consent the question may be considered as
before the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would like to know if
the amendment of the Senator from Missouri
ought not to be adopted.
Mr. DRAKE. I simply inquired of the
chairman of the committee as to what year he
intended that month of October to apply, as
no year was stated in the section, nor did it
say '' before the 1st of Octoher next,", I asked
the chairman of the committee what year he
meant and he said 1870, and I suggested that
that be put in.
a Mr. TRUMBULL. If we adopt that will it
nqt still, be subject, to the other motion after
that ia agreed to?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No.
Mr. FENTON. It was adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It was
adopted.
Mr. DRAKE. We may by common consent
opeu it again. I move a reconsideration of
the vote upon the insertion of " 1870," so that
the question can then be taken again.
Tho PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the vote by which the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Missouri was adopted
be reconsidered.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the adoption of the amendment
of the Senator from Missouri, to insert " 1870"
after the word " October," in section two, lino
live.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like the Senator
from Kansas to state to us why he thinks it
ought to be 1871 instead of 1870; because if
1871 ia tho best number to insert we all want,
to vote against the amendment of the Senator
from Missouri in order to give the Senator from
Kansas an opportunity to move his. As this
whole bill is an amendment, we cau only take
one amendment to it at a time. Therefore, in
order to vote understanding!^, I should be glad
I to have the Senator from Kansas advise us
why he thinks 1871 is preferable to 1870.
• Mr. SHERMAN. 1 think the Senator from
Kansas perhaps suggested his amendment by
inadvertence. This is a preliminary proposi-
tion. This section authorizes the President to
accept the resignation of officers who choose
to resign before the 1st of October; and in
case they do resign it gives them one years
pay. That is a preliminary weeding out of the
officers of the Army, getting rid of those who
choose to resign. After that the other sec-
tions take effect, by which those who do not
resign will be examined by aboard and finally
discharged. It seems to me the section as
now prepared is well worded and ought not
to be changed. '' October next'' was intended
no doubt, and that ought to be inserted.
Mr. ROSS. I do not regard this in the light
in which the Senator from Ohio speaks of it.
I regard it not merely as a preliminary measure
to the reduction of the Army, or as an oppor-
tunity given for a voluntary resignation, bnt as
a threat to these gentlemen that unless they do
resign they will be mustered out involuntarily.
I oppose it on another ground, because I am
opposed to the reduction of the Army, I do
II not think we have any too many officers. I
! think that the faith of the Government is to
| gome degree pledged to the men now in these
i positions. They accepted these appointments
| with the understanding that they were received
for .meritoricms services, and that they were to
be continued as.lifeappointmenta. As I oppose
the further reduction of the Army, I hope the
present nawbec.of officers will be retained, as,
instead of .replacing the Army, I should fayor
an increase if any change is to be made.
Mr. WILSON. I an a little surprised that
the Senator should suppose there is anything
like a threat in this. The proposition is one
i of generosity, such, as was never offered by
j say country, I think, to any body of men. : It
! says to the officers of the Army, "If you wish
! to resign? and the President chooses to accept
j your resignation, you shall be entitled i,o  e«
; ceive, in addition to . the pay and allowances
i tine you at this time, ifyou have served more
i than ten years, two years' pay and allowances:
i if you have &erv©4 Qiore, than five years and
les« than ban.years, one and a half year's pay
and allowances; and if you have served less
than five years, you shall receive one year s
pay." It is an act of liberality and generosity j
born qf nothing but respect and kindness to
these officer#... Some of the officers, unques-
tionably, willi offer their resignations. Some
of Ujem,willhe aoce{>tfd. Perhaps others may
uot be. Some oertainly should not be.
