1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.'
5209
of the great extent of our marine and foreign front-
ier, it is now proposed by this bill to enlarge the
facilities for defrauding the revenue, by practically
extending the line to be guarded over every prin-
cipal route of transportation in the country.
It is well known tliat the effort to secure the reve-
nue by bond has in a great degree proven futile,
even where the quantities and values of goods have
been determined by examination and appraisement
at the port of first arrival. This bill authorizes bond
to be given for dutiable importations, the^ kinds,
quantities, and values of which are unasecrtained by
any examination at the port of arrival, except as set
forth in the invoice, whieh is very often fraudulently
m^de on' with the lowest possible prices in order to
reduce the duty. Withailthc precautions now prac-
ticed in collecting the duties at the port of first
arrival, in the critical examination of each article
upon the invoice by skilled appraisers, successful
uitempts to defraud the revenue by undervaluation
arc of daily occurrence.
If this critical examination by sworn experts at
the port of first Hvrival is to be omitted, thctfovern-
inent purring with the custody of the goods before
their character, quantity, or even certain value is
ascertained, and by relying for its protection upon a
bond, the penalty of which is based upon a value
fixed in the invoice by the importer himself, how is
it possible to secure the (lovernment against losses
which must inevitably flow out of such a system ?
If a suit were brought by the United Slates to
recover upon such a bond would not the o?iw? pro-
bandi rest upoq the Government to show the actual
amount of loss sustained?
No aigumcnt is necessary to show the utter worth-
les^ness ot a bond for any purpose of protection
which is given to secure the duties upon goods of an
undetermined quantity and value, or of such quan-
tity and value as may be fixed by the importer him-
self, and which he well knows the law docs not
require to be ascertained orinquired into at the port
of first arrival, nor uutii after the possible contin-
gencies of loss or destruction, either wholly or in
part, shall have occurred.
Section three provides that merchandise imported
into the United States and entered for transportation
to the inland ports shall be delivered to and trans-
ported by companies regularly incorporated as com-
mon carriers, and designated for this purpose by the
Secretary of the Treasary, and to and by none others,
such companies to givebond for the safe delivery of
such merchandise to the collector at the port ot its
final destination,
The effect of this section is to grant a special fran-
chise to such company or companies asmay, by rea-
son of facilities in their possession, be enabled to
comply with the requirements of the section. And
the transportation of the goods being thus confined
to this company or these companies, (it is liKcly to
be confined to one gigantic monopoly,) the importer
is deprived of the benefit of competition in fi nights,
and the cost of the goods to the consumer is thereby
enhanced.
Section four requires such imported merchandise
to be conveyed in cars, vessels, or vehicles securely
fastened With locks or seals under the exclusive con-
trol of officers of the customs; that inspectors shall
bo placed at points along designated routes or upon
any car, vessel, vehicle, or train, at the discretion
of the Secretary and at the expense of the company;
and that the goods shall not be unladen or tran-
shipped between the port of first arrival ana that of
final destination, unless such transhipment is un-
avoidably necessary, <fcc.
This section is but an amplification of the preced-
ing one, and if carried out would result in bunding
upland fostering monopolies, since only the great in-
corporated transpoitation companies can command
the facilities for forwarding merchanmseovcr differ-
ent linesof railroad without reshipment, or are able
to control the entire capacity ot a vessel carrying
freight by way of the canal, river, and hnse routes.
Section five allows 110 drawback or abatement ot
duties 011 account of damages, loss, or destruction by
abatement of duties by reason oi damage during ihe
voyage of importation, which, in many instances,
covers a large per cent, of the first cost. J-be bill
makes no provision to meet this difficulty. Certainly
it would seem to be great injustice to compel an im-
porter to pay fall duties upon goods winch h.ul bo-
eome valueless in a greater or less degree hv reason
of damage sustained upon the voyage, iue only
compensation for this manifest injustice 011 tae part
of the Government ia that afforded bv the ampie
opportunities presented by the bill for fraud 011 the
part of dishonest importers.
Section six provides that unless the merchandise
is transferred directly from the importing vessels to
the car, vessel, or vehicle by which it is to be trans-
ported to its destination, it shall be taken possession
of by the collector as unclaimed, and deposited in
etnvfi jituI not removed t
and exclusively appropriated for the rcceptum and
storage of goods of this class, and that sucn goods
remaining therein ten days shall be ticaled. as
unclaimed and held until regularly entered and
appraised. . ... . <* i ■«
Under these provisions, unless facilities are aitoraeu
for immediate transfer of the goods from the import-
in^ vessel to the transporting car or vessel, they are
treated as unclaimed, are to be deposited in pub.ic
store, and are notto be removed therefrom >"fhoui
entry and appraisement, as in ordinary eases. I lie
importer is thus placed at the mercy of tnc trans-
portation companies, and may be deprived of all the
benefits sought to be conferred by this act and the
act of 1831, by the negligence or inability,to furnish
transportation on the part of the " authorised car-
riers " or their agents.
The bonded warehouses authorized to bo estab-
lished under this act are for the reception of such
merchandise specified therein, for which immediate
transportation is not piovided by the " authorized
carriers," and the right to hold such merchandise in
such warehouse is limited to ten days. After the
expiration of this brief period it must bo taken
possession of by the collector, and held for entry and
appraisement.
This necessarily involves a second removal of the
goods to a public store, and perhaps a third removal
from the latter to a general bonded warehouse before
the importer can pay the duties at the port of first
arrival, thereby compelling him to pay heavy.addi-
tional charges for storage, cartage, and labor; and
increasing instead of diminishing the evils and em-
barrassments which this bill is designed to remedy.
It leaves old acts unrepealed, and ingrafts this act
thereon, leaving in operation two systems of ware-
housing and transportation.
The petitioners who ask for the passage of this bill
present the following reasons therefor:
1. To avoid unpacking and repacking goods nt port
of liivt arrival, and consequent injuiy to delicate and
Valuable merchandise, occasioned by rough handling
and unskillful repacking. Under existing laws and
practice only one package in ten is sent to apprais-
eis' stoic to be opened and examined.
2. Gain of time. As to gain of time, it is very evi-
dent that 110 mo; e time -houid be requited for exam-
ination and appraisement at the port of first arrival
than at the port of destination if there is a suliicient
foiee at the foimer to dispatch business pioperiy.
3. Loss of goods in warehouse. Tne liability for
loss of goods while iu warehouse or appraisers' store
is 110 greater at the port of arrival than at the port
of destination.
The causes of complaint on account of expense,
delay, and loss of goods alleged by the petitioners to
be of frequent occurrence at the poit of first arrival
arc not properly chargeable to existing laws, but to
the practice of officers charged with their execution.
(Section nine provides for the appointment at each
of the three ports to bo benefited by the bill of an
appra iser at a salary of ^3,000 per annum, and of such
a number of weighers, gaugers, measurers, and in-
spectors as may bo necc&saiyto cariy out the pro-
visions of the act.
The following is an estimate of the additionel ex-
pense ot collecting the revenue from customs which
will be involved in the passage of this bill, namely:
Three appraisers, nt £3,000  $9,000
Three gaugers, at SI.500  4,500
Three measurers at ^1,500  4,500
Three weighers, at SI.500  4,500
Twelve inspectors, at SI,500 -  18,00;)
Total  610,500
Tho other sections of the bill refer to matters of
detail, and need not bo alluded to here.
It will be readily perceived from theforcgoingthat
the importer will not be benefited in any particular
by the passage of this act, while great expense, delay
in collection, and danger of loss to therevenue would
be occasioned thereby.
I. . hi.
Mr. CIIANDLEU. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Illinois intimated m very broad terms
that the Committee on Commerce was improp-
erly, or if not improperly, perhaps too greatly
influenced by the Secretary of the Treasury ;
that the Committee on Commerce took its views
from the Secretary of the Treasury and reported
as he advised, without examination. Now, sir,
there are 
Mr. TitUMBULL. I thought the Senator
misunderstood me at the time. 1 did notmean
that the commit!ee reported without examina-
tion. In that conneetion the Senator said that
the bills had been indefinitely postponed, and
my remark was directed to that. They were
indefinitely postponed without any discussion.
That is what I meant to say. The Senator mis-
understood me.
Mr. CHANDLER. I was simply going to
say that the Committee on Commerce has cer-
tainly three pretty extensive and pretty success-
ful merchants upon it, and they are supposed
to know a little about commerce, though not
as much as a man who has studied &lackstone.
[Laughter.] For example, I have spent thirty-
live years of my life in the study and pursuit
of commerce, and consider myself as knowing
a little something about commerce. But, sir, I
do not know as much, and do not pretend to know
as much about, it as the man who has studied
law. It has been my business as a merchant
to buy my law, as an economical measure.
A successful merchant has not time lo study
i law, and it is cheaper for him to buy it than to
read it. I have kept from two to three dozen
lawyers on hand for twenty-five years. [Laugh-
ter.] I had to have them. I could not devote
ray time to that business. They honored me
by calling me their client, but they were my
hired men. Although I have kept this number
of lawyers on hand 1 have never had one to
attempt to interfere with the management of
fny mercantile affairs. I did not buy that kind ;
I bought men who would attend to my law and
let my mercantile business alone, for I consid-
ered that I could manage my business better
than they could, and they could manage my
law better than I could. Hence, there was a
division.
Mr. President, the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] was correct the other day in saying
that 1 was in favor of this measure; and T was.
I went into this investigation firmly believing
that some such measure as this ought to be
adopted. The Senator from Ohio reported
this bill from the Committee on Finance, 1
think two years ago, and tried strenuously all
winter to pass it; but without avail. It was
then referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and as I said before I was in favor of the propo-
sition. The pressure is very great from the
city of Detroit as well as from the cities of
Chicago, St. Louis, and Cincinnati quite as
great there as in either of those other cities,
and there is quite as much reason why it should
be adopted for the city of Detroit as for either
of those other cities. But, sir, upon a thorough
investigation of this whole subject, I became
satisfied thatthe interests of the Treasury would
be sacrificed by the passage of the bill; and,
against tho wishes of the merchants of my own
ciiy of Detroit, I have come to the conclusion
that it would be a disastrous measure to be
passed by the Congress of the United States.
There is a law in existence authorizing ship-
ment in bond of goods received at New Orleans.
Tbey are first appraised and then shipped ill
bond. Under that law the Treasury was swin-
dled to the extent of nearly fifty million dollars
in the years 1865 and 186G. Immense amounts
of sugar, coffee, and other foreign articles were
appraised and shipped in bond to cities along
the Mississippi and its tributaries, and by some
mysterious process the duties never entered
into the Treasury of the United States. This
proposition is even more monstrous. Under
it you have no appraisal whatever.
' The Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull]
said the other day that there was as much loss
by cartage through the city of New York as
there would be by this transportation in bond.
Tell me, sir, how you are going to ship your
goods without carting them from the ship to
the railroad? You will have the same carting
under this system that you have now, but you
will not have the same safeguards.
Now, sir, these goods arriving in tho United
States go into public store at least in this way :
one case in ten, or one package in ten of all im-
portations, goes into public store as a sample.
That package is taken indiscriminately from
the lot, and the appraisement is made upoi.
that one tenth package. The Secretary of the
Treasury proposes, and I think his proposition
may be a good one, that a bureau shall be es-
tablished in the city of New York, which shall
apply to all other cities; that is, to all goods
imported for any other place than the city of
New York; that the single package, the one
case in ten, shall go into public store for exam-
ination, and the other nine be immediately
shipped under bond to the place of destination.
My opinion is that if any change isadopted some
such change as that ought to be substituted for
this measure.
Why, sir, this proposition throws the whole
onus of proof of tho value of the goods upon
the Government. Suppose a case of silks should
be shipped from the city of New York t.u the
city of Chicago and should be entered as ging-
hams. In the one case it would be worth
$20,000 and in the other case it would be worth
$200. In the process of shipment the silks
