1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1433
has been stated so broadly ; this is the only
instance in this book of estimates, or any book
0f estimates that I have seen, where a sub-
ordinate officer has ostensibly or in terms as-
sumed to take away from the Committee on
Appropriations, and consequently from Con-
gress, the power of revising his estimates. I
think that these estimates need revision. In
the first place, the Director of this Mint speaks,
anil my colleague has spoken, of the fluctua-
tions of the currency. Currency is now worth
from fifteen to twenty cents more per dollar
than it was at the time when we gave $40,000 '
less for this mint than these appropriations for
the next year; and my colleague destroys his
own argument by admitting that gold and paper
are approaching each other, and that, soon
the margin of difference between them will dis-
appear, because this appropriation next year,
if his prediction shall be so soon realized, will
be an appropriation of gold for the purpose of
carrying on this mint.
Now, sir, this bill appropriates $'250,000 for
this mint. I think that is ample to carry it on
for the next year, and especially as it is not
true that the amount of coinage at the mint is
increasing; it is rather decreasing than other-
wise. In the explanation given why this large
increase of $40,000 in one lump is asked for
we are told that new employes have been put
on there—watchmen, &c. 1 should be unwill-
ing to believe that under the present manage-
ment of the mint those employed inside the
building are so inferior in moral character to t
their predecessors that they need more men to
watch them than those predecessors did. I do
not believe in this system of putting a watch- j
man in and another watchman to watch him. j
I think we should put good men in there and
there will be no danger, with the ordinary force
of watchmen, that anything will be abstracted.
I think there is no necessity for this newforee
of employes that the director asks for. If the
amount of coinage at the mint was increasing
instead of decreasing there might be some force
in it, but I am not disposed to inaugurate the
newadministrationof thismintbyaddingnearly
one third to the expense. Standing here, with
niy responsibility to my own people and my
responsibility to the Government, and speaking
my honest sentiments, I say I do not think this
additional appropriation is necessary, and that
I think the Committee on Appropriations did
right in appropriating the amount which was
found sufficient last year.
Mr. Axtell's amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read the following paragraph
under the head of " Branch mint at Denver: "
For incidental and contingent expenses, including
repairs and wastage, $3,000: Provided, That after the
1st day of April, 1870, the branch mint at Denver
shall be carried on as an assay office only, and all
unexpended balances of appropriations shall be paid
and covered in to the Treasury of the United States,
and all the offices not herein provided for are hereby
abolished.
Mr. FITCH. I move to strike out the last
word of that paragraph. In consequence of
the rules of debate I am compelled to say here
that which would be more particularly ger-
mane to the next clause; but I trust, as I have
not before occupied the time of the commit-
tee, the gentleman from Massachusetts will
not call me to order. In 1863 an act of Con-
gress established a branch mint of the United
States at Carson City, Nevada. Appropria-
tions, amounting in the aggregate to about
three hundred thousand dollars, have since
been made from time to time for the construc-
tion of a suitable building, and the purchase
and transportation of proper machinery for
this Carson mint. The mint is at last com-
pleted, the machinery in place, the officers
appointed, the institution ready for the trans-
action of business. But a few days since the
announcement was made that the first money
had been coined at this branch mint. The
supervising architect of the Treasury, after a
personal examination, pronounced the Carson
branch mint to be one of the most faithfully
and economically constructed public buildings
in the country. The Director of the Philadel-
phia Mint, in his last annual report, speaking
of the Carson branch mint, says:
" Under the supervision of skilled and experienced
men, with an honest, energetic administration of its
affairs, this branch may fully meet the expectations
of its friends and greatly promote the general pros-
perity of that interesting portion of our country."
Sir, the people of that "interesting portion
of our country" will be filled with astonish- ;
ment and dismay when they shall learn of the j
remarkable act of retrogressive policy with
regard to this mint recommended by the
Committee on Appropriations. Behold, in the
place ofan appropriation of $91,800, in accord- j
ance with the estimates of the Department, to
carry on this mint during the ensuing fiscal
year, it is provided, first, that two watchmen ,
shall have $2,000 to take care of the building, ,
and then, in violation of usage, at least by 1
legislation in the body of an appropriation bill,
it is provided that the act establishing a branch ;
mint at Carson City shall be repealed. Sir,
if this mint is to be thus destroyed in its infancy,
I ask, why was it ever begotten and brought
forth? If it shall be thus slain the interesting
people of that "interesting portion of our
country" may well exclaim :
" Since you so very soon were done for,
I wonder what you were begun lor."
| The Government has expended over three
hundred thousand dollars on this branch mint,
1 and it is now ready for the transaction of busi-
; ness. The first money has already been coined
| in it, and yet it is here proposed to strike it
; from existeuce and to put an end to it, or at
j the most to make an appropriation of $2,000
I for two watchmen to take care of the building.
I I fear the Committee on Appropriations have
listened to interested advisers. I fear that
interested influences have been busy to preju-
dice the judgment of that committee. Possi-
bly there be those not privileged to a voice
within this Hall, who in the opinion of the com-
mittee are more able to judge of the peculiar
requirements of Nevada, and more willing to
admit and encourage all necessary restrictions
upon public expenditures within her limits,
than I myself. I am not here to guess who it
is that has struck in the dark so swiftly and so
surely at this Carson mint. It is enough that
I present upon this floor, with all the candor I
owe to the subject and with that sentiment of
deep concern I feel for my*distant people, an
earnest protest against this measure of destruc-
tion recommended by the Committee on Appro-
priations. Why, sir, the Comstock ledge, which
produces every year about twelve million dol-
lars' worth of silver and gold bullion, is within
fifteen miles by railroad of this branch mint
which it is now proposed to abolish. The Pine
Grove mining region, producing a considerable
quantity of gold, is about sixty miles southeast
of it. Rich gold mines have been discovered
at Mono, one hundred miles south, and the
Central Pacific railroad, which passes through
rich mining districts, runs but about twenty-five
miles north of this place.
From these facts it will be seen that the pros-
pect of this branch mint for business is as fair
as that of any other branch mint in the coun-
try, while its facilities for doing business in the
shape of improved machinery and competent
officers are equal to those of any in the coun-
try.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FITCH. I withdraw the amendment.
The Clerk read as follows :
Branch mint. Carson City:
For two watchmen to take care of said building,
$2,000; and the act entitled "An act to establish a
branch mint of the United States in the.Territory
of Nevada," approved March 3, 1863, is hereby
repealed.
Mr. FITCH. I move to amend the para-
graph just read by striking out all after the
words " branch mint, Carson City," and insert-
ing in lieu thereof the following:
For salaries ftf sttpefifltimdent, assayer, meltet
and refiner, chief coiner, assistant assaycr, assistant
melter and refiner, assistant chief coiner, and clerks,
$20,200.
J'or wages of workmen and adjusters, $54,000.
For chemicals, charcoal, and wood, incidental and
miscellaneous expenses, 617,600.
Now, sir, the prospects of this mint for busi-
ness being fair, the Government having ex-
pended over three hundred thousand dollars to
establish it, why should it be made a focus where
all the rays of reduction must center? Why
should it be made a target for the economical
arrows of gentlemen who find it easy enough to
bend the bow when their backs are toward the
rising sun ? The $91,800 estimated for by the
Department is as necessaryan expenditure for
Nevada as is the $2,000,000 which will be re-
quired to finish the new post office at Boston, or
flie $4,000,000 which will be required to com-
plete a similar building for New York. It is
very much more necessary than the millions of
dlolars which will be voted heretosenda mixed
assortment of Quakers and blankets, saw-mills
and school-books to vicious and unappreciative
savages. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, you will give $5,000,000, it is esti-
mated, for the new mint at San Francisco. You
have already given $250,045 in this bill to the
San Francisco mint, to melt, refine, and coin
the $20,000,000 of gold and silver which Cali-
fornia produces. You have given $23,600 to
the Denver assay office, to melt and refine the
$1,000,000 of gold and silver Colorado pro-
duces. Of that I do not complain. But yon
propose to shut and bar the doors of the
mint now ready to melt, refine, and coin the
$15,000,000 of gold and silver Nevada pro-
duces; and of that I must complain.
I ask the committee to reconsider their ac-
tion. I ask the House to be just to Nevada.
She has demanded but little of you. There ia
not within her borders a single public building
erected at your expense except this mint.
Her people are to-day paying interest upon
over a quarter of a million dollars of territo-
rial indebtedness incurred to build a prison
i and to meet the other expenses of a territorial
government—expenses ordinarily defrayed by
| the United States. Her people pay five times
] as much internal revenue taxes per capita as
I those of any other State in the Union ; and X
hope it is not ungenerous to remind the House
that during the war they gave many more silver
dollars per capita to the sanitary fund than any
other State in the Union. I ask the House
not to shut up this institution which is now
ready to transact business. I ask gentlemen
not to give extravagant appropriations to be
disbursed in other parts of the country—in
States which have a larger and more able rep-
resentation on this floor—and frown savagely
only upon distant Nevada. I ask the House
not to scatter millions all the way from here to
the Rocky mountains, and then close the na-
tional purse with a sudden and relentless snap
when Nevada, who has given you so much, asks
in return so little, and that little necessary to
carry on an institution but now completed
upon which you have already expended over
three hundred thousand dollars.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, the commit-
tee in acting upon this matter have not acted
in the dark; nor have they acted with any un-
'kind feeling toward Nevada. They supposed
this to be a public question, not one to be
settled by any consideration of kindness or
unkindness toward Nevada. From all the ex-
amination which they were able to give to this
case, and from the intercourse they had with
the officials responsible for the management
of this mint, they supposed that the recom-
mendation they make in this bill received the
approbation of all parties concerned. Not
until the bill had been printed did they learn
that the Representative from Nevada, [Mr.
Fitch,] feeling the natural and proper pride
becoming a Representative from that State, dif-
fered with everybody else—I mean all the offi-
cials with whom we were able to confer on this
gtiBjeet—as to th& prdpriety of maifttaittlag
