2378
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
The CHAIRMAN. It is; but the question
must be first taken upou amendments to the
paragraph.
Mr.INGERSOLIj. I move to substitute for
the original paragraph the following:
On ij.ll teas valued at 30 cents and not exceeding
tiu cents per pound. 20 cents per pound ; on all teas
valued at 60 cents per pound and upward, 35 cents
per pound; and all teas valued at loss than 30 cents
per pound, freo of duty.
Mr. WOOD. I desire to say a few words on
my amendment as now modified.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment having
been modified, debate is in order.
Mr. WOOD. I have modified my amend-
ment for the purpose of meeting the objection
raised to it yesterday by the chairman of the
CommitteeofWaysand Means, [Mr. Sciienck,]
who opposed it, as I understand, solely upon
the ground that wo need the revenue to be
raised on tea. The argument addressed to the
committee yesterday against this ad valorem
principle was first that it is productive of
frauds; that under this mode of collecting
duties the Government cannot secure the re-
ceipt of the necessary amount of revenue, be-
cause of gross undervaluations; that conse-
quently the principle is not a correct one to be
applied in the collection of revenue. It was
further u*ged that my proposition for an ad
valorem duty of 5 per cent, would produce only
between $GOO,OO0 and $700,000 as against
about $9,000,000, which have l-ecently been
received from the same source.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I offered my amend-
ment in the interest of discrimination, upon the
principle that we should not lay so heavy a tax
upon articles consumed by the poorer classes
as upon those consumed by the wealthy. There
are altogether twenty-one different, varieties of
tea, each bearing a distinct value, each being
of a different grade. 1 hold in my hand the
last commercial report of the city of New York,
giving the wholesale prices of tea in that mar-
ket, naming the different classes ofteaandthe
different grades. I wHl not detain the com-
mittee by reading all of them ; I will metely
state that there are seven different classes, each
class having three distinct and separate grades
and qualities, and each bearinga differentprice
in the New York market,, the wholesale prices
ranging from 40 cents to $1 75 a pound.
Now, under this bill, as proposed by the com-
mittee, tea which is worth by the cargo $1 75
ft pound, and which is consumed altogether by
the more wealthy classes, is mado to pay pre-
cisely the same duty as the lowest grade of
tea, worth 40 cents a pound, and which is con-
sumed exclusively by the working classes.
Sir, the working classes, especially in New
York, have recently taken to the use of tea
instead of intoxicating beverages. Tea, it has
been well said, cheers without inebriating; and
it is very fast coming into use by this class of
people as their ordinary beverage. There is
evident impropriety and injustice in imposing
upon these cheaper grades of tea, which aro
necessary for the subsistence of the worki-ng
classes, as high a duty as is imposed upon the
liner, the higher-priced qualities of tea, which
areconsumed altogether by the rich.
The gentleman from Ohio has stated that my
proposition in the form originally offered will
not produce sufficient revenue. Hence I pro-
pose to increase the rate from 5 per cent, ad
valorem to 20 per cent, ad valorem. This will
give an increased revenue while retaining the
discriminating principle which I wish to see
adopted by the House in levying ad valorem
duties. This principle is applied in other por-
tions of the bill. The bill is lull of duties based
upon the ad valorem principle. If the Govern-
in,cnt is to be defrauded by such duties in the
case of tea, the same objection should apply
with equal force to ad valorem duties upon
other articles. Under these circumstances I
hope the committee will make the discrimin-
ation I propose, so that the poor man's tea
shall not pay as high a duty as that of the rich
man.
Mr. BEOK. It seems to have bccome fashion-
able for each gentleman advocating or oppos-
ing any amendment to give his views on the
general policy and object of the bill under con-
sideration. As I have taken 110 part in the
debate so far I propose to follow the example
of the others and state in the few minutes
allowed what I think of it. Whatever views I
might entertain on the subject if we were out
of debt I admit that free trade is an impossi-
bility now; and as we must raise annually not
less than $300,000,000 by taxation in some
iorm or other, as all admit, the only real ques-
tion is, how can it bo raised in the most just
and equal manner? Tea now produces, say,
$10,000,000. and every dollar that its price is
raised by the tariff tax, less the custom-house
officers' fees for collection, goes into the Treas-
ury and furnishes that much revenue to pay
the interest on the debt and the expenses of
the Government. * The tariff on tea is there-
fore strictly a revenue tariff.
If half the tea consumed in the United States
was raised here only half the amount now im-
ported would be brought from China; yet with
the present tariffthe price to the consumer would
be the same. Only $5,000,000, however, would
go into the Treasury; the other $5,000,000
which now goes there would go into tho pockcts
of those who might raise tea hero, and,, the
people would be taxed in some other form
$5,000,000 more to make up tho $10,000,000
of revenue now produced from tea, and the
same quantity would thus cost the consumers
of tea $15,000,000 instead of $10,000,000, as
it now does, to procure the tea they now con-
sume. It would then be a protective tariff to
the extent of $5,000,000; that is, the whole
people of the country would then bo taxed
$5,000,000 to enrich a few tea-misers, and bo
obliged, as the sum necessary for Government
purposes has to be raised by taxation in some
form, direct or indirect, to pay out of their
hard earnings tho other $5,000,000, to make
up tho $10,000,000 now produced from tho tea
tux.^ The majority of the House understand this
perfectly, andheuceseem willing for an amend-
ment to be offered still rurthor to reduce tho tariff
on tea, coffee, and all such articles ns pay into
the Treasury the whole amount of their in-
creased cost, well knowing, as 1 said, that over
$300j000,000 of revenue must be raised, and
if it is not raised in part on articles taxed for
revenue only, it must be on articles such as
iron, salt, leather, lumber, &e., where the
incidental stealings by protection quadruple
the amount of revenue obtained.
I am prepared to vole 1'or the tax on tea
proposed by the bill. 1 am not to be fright-
ened by the clap-trap about taxing the poor
man's beverage. If tho poor man could only
get the taxes he pays on his hut, his coat, his
shirt, and his shoes; on his lumber, his nails,
his salt, his knives, and his forks ; on all else
that makes life comfortable, paid into tho
Treasury to defray Government expenditures
as he gets the tax he pays on Ins tea paid in
his burdens by taxation would not, be one
fourth what they now are. All he can expect--
and it is a great deal more than ho will get
under the proposed tariff bill or than he now
gets is that he shall not be robbed to enrich
his wealthy neighbors, and have the bettor half
of his earnings filched from him to maintain in
opulence some pampered monopoly, one fourth
on an average of what he pays ostensibly for
Government purposes reaching the Treasury.
The tax on his tea is one of tho few taxes
ho pays that all goes to the object proposed,
and of which he gets an equal benefit.. Tins
tax is one of the few that carries out the princi-
ple announced in the Republican platform of
May, 1868, at Chicago, when they said, " It
is due to the labor of the nation that taxation
should be equalizedand it is because it is
equal that gentlemen are willing that it should
be practiced on as small a scale as possible.
We all know thaWequality of taxation i;, no
part of the practice of tho majority, whatever i
may be their professions, as this fact will show :•
on the 28th day of March, 1870,1 submitted
to this House the following resolution :
"llesohed, That the CommitteeofWays and Moans
be, and they a.re horoby, instructed to report forth-
with a bill levying a tax of at least 10 per cent, oa
tho interest of the bonds of tho United States, which
tax shall bededaoted from said interest by the dis-
bursing ofliccr of tho United States before payment
thereof to tho holder, in tho same manner as is now
provided by the internal revenue acts for tho pay-
ment of taxation of ttio incomo from railroad <ind.
other corporation bonds."
A test vote was had theron on a demand for.
the previous question, which the House refused
to second by a vote of ayes 44, noes 82, taken
by tellers, and it was of course defeated. The
significant fact is true that every Republican
member voting voted against itexcept Mr. Ela,
of New Hampshire, although it was almost a
copy, certainly in every essential particular
similar to a resolution offered by Hon. Amasa
Cobb, of Wisconsin, on the 29th of June, 1868,
(see Congressional Globe, volume sixty-eight,
pago 8588,) which passed the Houso on a call
of the yeas and nays by a vote of yeas 02, nays
54, overthirty Republican members of the pres-
ent, Congress then vsting in the affirmative.
Then tho elections for the Forty-First Con-
gress were pending, and the pledges of equal
taxation in the party platform had not been
forgotten by the country. The Committee of
Ways and Means disobeyed the orders of the
House, and refused to bring in the bill to tax
tho bonds as ordered, and now but one mem-
ber of tho Radical party can be found to vote
■ even to bring the matter again before the House.
The tax proposed of 10 per cent, on the inter-
est is only six tenths of 1 per cent, on the prin-
cipal ; less than one half of the taxes now paid
on all the property, real and personal, in the
country which is subject to State and local tax-
ation, from which these bonds are exempt. At
least $1,500,000,000 of them now escape tax-
ation altogether, which, if taxed as I propose,
would produce annually $9,000,000, and the
increase oil the residue, there being in all over
$2,100,000,000 of them, would produce about
$2,000,000 more, making a revenue from this
source ot $11,000,000. 11' that sum was so pro-
duced we could dispense with the tariff on t.ea
altogether and yet have more revenue than now,
or what is infinitely more important., we could
striko off tho tariff from pig iron, salt, lumber,
coal, hides and skins, leather, lasting and serges
for shoes, which now produce the following rev-
enue :
ri  iron 81,011,109 ihi
  1,136,22S To
Lunibor  1,202,020 47
 •:•••;•:  192,5liti 57
Hiacs and skins  1)77 325 ]•>
leather    l.'3G3i4Ml 31
liastniR, serges, (shoes)  J,157,000 DC
 $7,399,OSS) 39
i o obtain which, as Commissioner Wells
demonstrates, tho people of the United States
aro now taxed for the benefit of a few indi-
viduals not less than $50,000,000; and besides
that we could strike off more than S3,500,000
Irom the present odious, unequal, and iniqui-
tous incomo tax, and yet have all tho revenue
we now have. 1 he Radical loaders here do not
intend t.o grant any honest relief to the people
or equalize taxation in the interest ol'labor.
I venture the assertion that more than half
of tho loaders on this floor are to-day bond-
holders, or deeply interested in the protected
monopolies which are fostered and maintained
bv their tariff legislation. Thpy are so afraid
ol doing injustice to foreigners by taxing the
interest on these bonds, while they tax without
scruple all the interest on all railroad and other
boiuis, no matter whether held by foreigners
or citizens, and they know that England taxes
without discrimination all the interest drawn
on her consols and other bonds, whether held by
our citizens or her own. Yet gentlemen on
thisfloor do not hesitate to :-ry out that ''British
gold' is influencing all of us who seek to cut
down tho unjust and oppressive provisions of
