5210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
might disappear, and the ginghams be substi-
tuted. Where is your remedy ?
Then, again, you have no safeguard what-
ever, because as these goods arrive they must
be shipped. You cannot wait until you fill a
car; they must go in with the general mer-
chandise, be liable to theft from railroad hands,
from expert thieves, and from any dishonest
individual while they are in transit. Having
been stolen or substituted you have the bond
of the railroad company for what? You hold
it for nothing. You have no valuation, and
you have no method of making a valuation.
You have allowed your proof to pass out of
yourown hands. You can not collect that bond;
for it is a bond for nothing. There is no value
in the bond. It is a supposable bond, a sup-
posable value. You have 110 proof of that
value; and when you go into court the Gov-
ernment will be bound to furnish proof of the
value of what it is utterly impossible for the
Government to prove.
I think I have never seen a proposition
made—and I speak now as a merchant—that
was so vicious as this will prove to be in its
practical operation. Why, sir, it would be
almost equivalent to putting your' custom-
houses on wheels and carting goods all over
the United States without any security what-
ever.
Mr. President, I am opposed to this whole
bonded warehouse system. I claim that the
duties on merchandise should be paid the
moment the goods are landed in these United
States. Our whole system is vicious. It has
resulted in driving from the markets honest
and honorable and high-minded American
merchants and substituting foreigners in their
place. What is the effect of this bonded ware-
house system? The merchant or the man-
ufacturer in England, in France, in Germany,
or in Holland, keeps up bis prices duriug the
season, he makes 110 deductions during the
season, and at the end of the season he ships
whatever he may have left, it matters not what,
to the United States and puts them in bond,
and he may keep them in bond for two or three
years if he sees lit, to the absolute injury of
the honest American importer.
This measure proposes what? It proposes
to extend this vicious system, which, in my
judgment, ought to be abandoned to-morrow
all over the United States. You liavo got to
establish your bonded warehouses wherever
yon permit these goods to go in bond. You
have got to establish your bureaus, to appoint
your officers, and go to enormous expense, and
for what? To extend and perpetuate a vicious
system.
I am astonished that the Senator from Ohio,
the chairman of the Committee on Finance,
should advocate a measure of this kind. I am
sure that were not Cincinnati in this bill the
Senator from Ohio would resist it with his
usual vigor and success, I am satisfied that
if you could take out any State intorest there
would not be a more persistent opponent of
this measure than the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance. His good judgment would
lead him at once to resist a measure of this
kind. There is not a merchant iu this body
who does not look upon this subject precisely
as I do. There is not a man on this floor,
familiar with importing goods, familiar with
the frauds that have been perpetrated on the
Government, who docs not resist this measure
with the same intensity that I do; and I resist
it, as I said before, against preconceived con-
victions and hopes and desires; for I really
intended, when I commenced this investiga-
tion, to have the measure applied to Detroit
and other cities of that size. 1 hope the amend-
ment will not be adopted. I shall not occupy
further time upon it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I intend within the five
minutes allowed me by the rule—I know it
will be very imperfectly—to answer briefly the
points made by the Senator from Vermont and
the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope the
Senator will have all the time he desires.
Mr. SHERMAN. No, I do not wish to
violate the rule myself. I ask to have it en-
forced.
Now, Mr. President, the whole character of
this measure is grossly exaggerated, not by
these gentlemen, I know, with any bad purpose,
but because they have been led away by then-
opposition to it. The only change made by
this measure in the existing law is to transfer
the details, the weighing and examining of
imported merchandise, from the port of entry
to the port of delivery. Goods may notv be
transported in bond from New York to any
port of entry in the interior precisely as under
this bill. The only operation of this bill—and
I call upon the Senator from Michigan to bear
me witness—is to transfer the detailed invest-
igation of a package of foreign merchandise
from New York to Cincinnati, or the port of
delivery. There is nothing else in the world
in it. This is demanded by the Chamber of
Commerce of every city in the Union and by
the National Chamber of Commerce ; and I
was amazed when the Senator from Michigan
said that no merchant was in favor of it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I said no merchant in
this bodv.
Mr. SHERMAN. Every Chamber of Com-
merce in every city of the Union, and the
National Chamber of Commerce, including the
delegates from the city of New York, were in
favor of it.
Now, sir, the necessity for this bill grows out
of gross and scandalous abuses in the city of
New York. I might quote the testimony of
the Chamber of Commerce of Philadelphia,
where this state of things lias existed for many
years, which they have clamored against repeat-
edly, but without obtaining a remedy. If a
package of merchandise is sent to New York
for a merchant in Cincinnati it is detained,
delayed, broken open, rumrjaged all over, and
it is necessary to repack it; while if it is sent
to a merchant in New York it is promptly de-
livered at the place of delivery. This has led
to such an outcry that the cities of the West,
with great unanimity, together with Boston,
Philadelphia, and Baltimore, have demanded
direct importation, and the city of Baltimore,
with great enterprise, has actually established a
lineof vessels from Baltimore direct to Europe,
in order to evade and avoid the very outrages
that have been committed for years in New
York.
I have always asuspieion of measures of this
kind; and when this bill first came from the
House of Representatives my inclination, con-
trary to the disposition of the Senator from
Michigan, was to be against it, because I was
afraid of any change in our custom-house regu-
lations; and I therefore examined the matter
with the utmost dispassionate feeling. My
friend from Vermont knows that he and I
talked together about it. I examined it and
went to the Treasury Department, and heard
those objections, and examined into the evils
and grievances of the present system, and I
came to the conclusion slowly but deliberately
that the proposed system would create a great
reform instead of an injury.
Now, what are the objections made to it?
My honorable friend from Vermont says there
is the. difficulty of identity. Why, sir, by this
bill the packages have to be identified by marks
and invoices, and there are triplicate invoices,
just as uuder the present system, so that there
can be no .difficulty of identity. There must
first be the bond of the owner of the goods, just
like the present, system ; and in addition to that
bond, which is given under the present system,
there must be a bond by the common carrier
or railroad company, and that bond must cover
the value of the goods, and if the goods are
lost, tampered with, or destroyed on the road,
the transportation company and the other bond
are also held responsible; so that in addition
t.o the present system, we have the bond of the
transportation company, which is always one
of these great railroads, a continuing bond, and
if the goods are lost or broken by a smash-up
the railroad company must pay to the Govern-
ment the full value of the duties, and must pay
to the owner of the goods the full value of the
goods. So we have all the liability of the com-
mon carrier as well as the liability upon the
bond to secure the delivery of these goods.
What is the next objection? The next ob-
jection is, that the-goods may be smuggled out
on the way from New York to Cincinnati, so
that instead of a package of silkstbere may be
substituted in its place a package of ginghams.
Such frauds as these may be committed under
any system. But there are more frauds of that
kind committed in the city of New York, under
the present cartage system, than could possibly
be committed under this system.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the Senator 
Mr. SHERMAN. I beg the Senator not to
interrupt me. •
Mr. MORTON. Cannot those frauds be com-
mitted now?
Mr. SHERMAN. They are committed now.
The very frauds in New Orleans fhat have been
referred to were committed in that way. The
goods did not go through the hands of the
proper authorities iu New Orleans, and for
that reason the Government never got the
duties.
Why, sir, under the present system these
imported packages are now transported in
common carts through the city of New York
and delivered in bonded warehouses, and there
inspected by irresponsible parties. LTnderthis
proposed system no goods can be delivered in
the western cities except first by these two
duplicated bonds, and then the goods are
passed directly from the vessel to this trans-
portation company, with such regulations for
identifying the packages as may be prescribed
by the Secretary of the Treasury, and then
they are transported by that company directly
to the place of delivery, and are there deliv-
ered to the custom-house officers, say in Cin-
cinnati. If it is supposable that there may be
a surreptitious change of packages while they
are being transported in these closed cars under
the custody of a Government officer and under
bond I can only say there is much less likeli-
hood, in my judgment, of fraud in this mode
of transportation than there would he in cart-
ing goods for a mile in the city of New
York.
Now, let us go a little further. It is said
that the present mode is more convenient. I
admit that this measure will increase some-
what the expenses of collecting the duties,
because as you disseminate and diversify the
officers you will increase somewhat the ex-
pensesof collection ; buton theotherhand many
of the officers at New York may be dispensed
with. What harm is there in small increase of
expense if it will add to the convenience of
the merchants and add to the trade of the
country? We shall increase the trade of the
country far more than the amount we shall
lose in the increased expense. Why, sir,
$100,000 will hire a thousand weighers and
gaugers for a year ; and no man would esti-
mate the increased number at over one thou-
sand. So that, that is a matter of minor
moment, while the increased importation to
the interior cities of the West would be very
large indeed. Several merchants in the inte-
rior cities who aie now engaged in business
have told me that they would double their
bnsmessif they had the power of direct import-
ation. I have no doubt the time will come
when the city of Chicago and the city of Cin-
cinnati , and even the city of St. Louis, will rise
to be the great 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SHERMAN. I presume my five minutes
are out. " ' •
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Trots-,
man in the chair.) The Senator's time has
expired.
