4266
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
Mr. COX. I call for the yeas and nays on
the motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will distinctly
state the position of the question. The gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] chairman
of the Committee on Banking and Currency,
reports back a Senate bill which was regularly
referred to that committee. The bill was read;
and the gentleman from New York, in time,
rose and indicated his purpose to make the
point of order that the bill was not the report
of the committee. Had he insisted upon the
point it would have been the duty of the Chair
as well as his pleasure to submit the question
to the Hopse, as by the rules he would be bound
to do. The gentleman from New York, how-
ever, upon an inquiry from the Chair, withdrew
his point of order. An amendment was then
read; and the consideration of the bill having
proceeded thus far, it was obviously within the
jurisdiction of the House. The gentleman
from New York now renews his point of order,
which the Chair decides to be obviously too
late. From that decision the gentleman from
New York appeals; the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Ingersoll] moves to lay the appeal
on the table; and the gentleman from ftew
York [Mr. Cox] calls for the yeas and nays on
the latter motion.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the House do
now adjourn; and on that motion I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 17, nays 152. not voting
G1; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Arohcr, Calkin, Cox, Getz, Ilaklo-
man, Iforr. Knott, McNoely, Morgan, Morrissey,
Mnngcn, Niblack, Randall, Stiles, Sweeney, Van
Trump, and Winchester—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Arnel],
Asper, Atwood, Ayer, Bailey, Banks, fcearaan,
.Beatty, Beck, Benjamin, Benton, Bingham, Bird,
Boles, Booker, George M. Brooks, James Brooks,
Buck, Buckley, Buflinton, Burehard, Burdett, Burr,
Roderick It. Butler, Cessna, Churchill, William T.
Clark, Sidney Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Clinton L.Cobb,
Coburn, Cook, Conger, Conner, Covodo, Cowles,
Orebs. Cullom, Davis, Degoner, Dickoy, Dixon JDox,
Duval, Dyer, J5la, Farnsworth, Furriss, iUnkelnburg,
fisher, Pitch, Fox, Garfiold, Gilfillan, llaight,llalo,
llambleton, TlarmlL Hamilton, Jlawkins, Hawloy,
Hay, Ilcflin, Ilill, Holman, Hooper, Ilotehkiss.Xnger-
soll. Johnson, judd, Kclley, Kellogg, Kctcham,
Knapp, Lallin, Lash, Lawrence, Lewis, Logan, Mar-
shall, Maynard, McCarthy, McUormick, MeCrary,
McGrow, Mercur, Milnes, Eliakim li. Moore, Jesse
11, Moore, William Moore, Morphis, Daniol J. Mor-
rell, Myers, O'Neill, Orth, Packard, Packer. Paine,
Palmer, Peck, Perce, Peters, Phelps, Piatt, Poland,
Poineroy, Porter, Pressor, Itoeves. Ridgway, llogers,
Roots, Snnford, Sawyer, Scofield, Lionel A. Sheldon,
Shobor, William J. Smith, William Smyth, Stark-
weather, Stevenson, Stokes. Stoughton, Strader,
Strickland, .Strong, Swann, Taffo, Tanner, Taylor,
Tillman, Townsend, Twiohell, Tyner, Upson, Van
Aukon, Van Horn, Ward, William B. Washburn,
Wells, Wheeler, Whitrnorc, Wilkinson, Willard,
Kugone M. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Wmans, Wood,
and Woodwiird—152.
NOT VOTING — Mcs.-rs. Aditms, Armstrong,
Axtoll, Bai num.Bai ry, Bennett, Bisgs, Blair, Bowen,
Boyd, Jienjiimin P. lUiMer, Cake, Clevehind, Dawes,
Dickinson, Dockery, Donley, Kldridgc, Ferry. Gib-
son, Griswokl, Harris, Hays, lleaton. Hoar, Uoge,
Jeneke^, Alexander II. Jones, Thomas L. Jones,
Julian, ICelsey, Loughridge, Lynch, Mayham, Me-
Kec, MeKenzie, Samuel P. Morrill, Negley, Now-
 hum, Potter, Rice, Sargent, Sciienek, Schumaker,
Shanks, Porter Sheldon, Sherrod, Slocurn, John A.
Smith, Joseph S. Smith, Worthington C. Smith,
Stevens, Stone, Trimble, Van Wyck, Voorhees, Wal-
lace, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Welker. Williams,
arid Witcher—Gl.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired ; and the bill goes over till next Tues-
day.
Mr. COX. I withdraw my appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask that the
amendment of the committee, and that offered
by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Judd,]
bo printed.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
recording yeas and nays.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution :
Resolved, That tho Committee on the Rules bo in-
structed to inquire whether some improved method
of taking the yeas and nays in the House may not
be devised and adopted.
I ask the Clerk to read the letter which I
send to the desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
■Washington, D. 0., June 8,1870.
To the honorable Sx/eaker unci members of the House of
Representatives :
Gentlemen: The undersigned desires to call your
attention to his invention for recording and counting
the vote^ of legislative bodies. A working model of
this invention is now on exhibition in the Speaker's
room, and members are respectfully invited to ex-
amine it ior themselves. The instrument will record
and count the votes of the House on any question
and make out several copies of the record in less
time than one minute.
The following, among other advantages, are claimed
for the system:
1. It will save the time now consumed in taking
the yeas and nays and in dividing by tellers.
2. It will greatly diminish tho expenses of the ses-
sions and give more time to members for consulta-
tion, deliberation, and work in committees.
3. It will preventtheconfusionnow incident to the
calling of the roll and dividing by tellers.
4. If the same number of members now required
for demanding the yeas and naysshould, atany time,
demand a viva voce vote, the instrument might bo
dispensed with for the time, and the vote taken by
calling the roll.
Theundersigned respectfully asks for his invention
the favorable consideration of your honorable body.
WILLIAM M. SPRINGER.
Mr. LOGAN. A constituent of mine has
invented a singularly valuable machine, one
which ought to have the attention of the Com-
mittee on the Rules, to investigate and decide
as to its merits.
Mr. CALKIN. I object.
Mr. MAYNARD. This is not a new idea
at all.
Mr. LOGAN. I hope there will be no objec-
tion to having this invention investigated by
the Committee on tho Rules.
Mr. CALKIN. For the sake of the inventor
I withdraw my objection.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DEBTS OF SOUTHERN RAILROADS.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, by unani-
mous consent, reported from the Committee on
the Judiciary, a bill (II. 11. No. 2178) to pro-
vide for the collection of debts to due tho Uni-
ted States from certain southern railroad cor-
porations ; which was read a first and second
time, ordered to be printed, and recommitted.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the report was
recommitted; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BUSINESS UPON THE SPEAKER'S TABLE.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire,
Mr. Speaker, to make a motion concerning
the order of business. The Speaker's table is
crowded, and I therefore move that we have
an evening session for its consideration.
Several Members. Oh, no I
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. And to-
morrow the House can meet at twelve o'clock
m., so as to give time to tho committees to
consider what has been referred to them.
Mr. WOOD. Does that require unanimous
consent ?
The SPEAKER. The House can at any
given time take a recess by a majority vote ;
but it cannot now take away the power of the
House to adjourn when it pleases.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then let
us have an evening session to-morrow.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. 1 object.
Mr. BUTJLER, of Massachusetts. Let us
meet to-morrow at twelve o'clock m., and have
an evening session to go to the business upon
the Speaker's table.
Mr. WOOD. We want a full House when
we go to the business upon the Speaker's table
and not a little clique. The business upon tho
Speaker's table should be done in the broad
daylight, and not in the darkness. There is too
much wrong there to be intrusted to the keep-
ing of a few men. I demand the regular order
of business.
NATURALIZATION.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back a bill (H. R, No.
1399) to establish a uniform system of natural-
ization, and to regulate proceedings under tho
same, with the recommendation that it do pass.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the first
reading of the bill be dispensed with, as it is
printed.
Mr. HOLMAN. If my friend from Wisconsin
wishes to address the House I will not object.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It is upon all our desks,
and ample time will be had before it is voted
on to understand what it is.
Mr. FINKELNBURG; Has there been any
change in' the bill since it was ordered to be
printed on the 2d of March ?
Mr. DAVIS. There is no change.
The SPEAKER. The question is, " Shall
the bill be ordered to be engrossed and read
the third time ?"
Mr. DAVIS. I have consented that the
gentleman from Nevada may offer an amend-
ment, upon which the previous question shall
operate.
Mr. FITCH. This is the one. I move after
the word "alien," in line three, section one,
to insert "except natives of China or Japan."
Mr. DAVIS. I cannot yield further.
Mr. McNEELY. How long is this discus-
sion to continue?
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to say to gentlemen
that it is my intention to demand the previous
question on this bill and tho pending amend-
ment at four o'clock.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman de-
cline to yield to further amendments?
Mr. DAVIS. I do. 1 vail hear the amend-
ments of the gentleman from Missouri.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I wish to submit
the following amendments:
In section one strike out tho following :
Second. That at least twenty days before the first
day of tho term or session of the court at which such
alien intends to apply for admission to citizenship,
ho shall ulo with the clerk of such court a notice of
his intention, which notice shall state his name, age,
residenco, occupation or business, the country and
placo ol his birth, the time and place of his arrival
in the United States, and the place or places of his
residence since his arrival in the United States; and
it such alien be a resident of a town or city in which
the streets are named and the houses numbered, he
shall also state the street and number of his residenco
at tho tirno of filing his notice; and such notice shall
also give the names of at least two citizens who are
residents of tho same town, parish, or city, and who
51 re acquainted with the applicant and his residence.
And no alien shall be admitted to naturalization
unless such notico, in substantial compliance here-
with, shall have been so filed. The notices required
inthis section shall be verified by theoath or affirm-
ation of the applicant, and shall remain on the files
ot the office of tho clerks, but shall be open to public
inspection, and'any citizen may take copies thereof
Amend section two by striking out the following:
And m any county or parish wherein there shall
not be holden annually more than two stated or ap-
pointed terms of one or both of said courts of tho
United States, such proceedings for naturalization
may also be had in any court of general jurisdiction
in each State, Terrifory, or district having a dark
and_ seal thereof, which holds a stated or regular
session for the trial of civil causes in such county or
parish; and no other court shall entertain or have
jurisdiction of such proceedings: Provided, That
atiens residing in any county or parish wherein none
of tho courts above named hold any regular or stated
term may tile such notice and make such application
in any of the courts on which jurisdiction is hereby
conferred, which may be holden in any other county
or paiish in tho same State or Territory, and said
court shall thereupon have jurisdiction to hear and
determine the same in the manner herein provided
for other cases.
And adding tho following:
And before any court of record of any State or Ter-
ritory having common law jurisdiction.
Amend by striking out section eight and inserting
tile following in lieu thereof:
Sec. 8. That any alien of the age of twenty-one
years and upward who has enlisted or shall enlist in
(he armed forces or naval service of tho United
States, and lias been or shall be hereafter honorably
discharged therefrom, may be admitted to become a
citizen ot the United States after one year's actual
residence therein, and upon complying with all tho
