122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
Mr. COBURN. My amendment is not now
pending.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman from Indiana is pending; bat the
amendment of the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Jtjdd] takes precedence of it.
Mr. L0U6HRIDGE. I renew the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Indiana.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will read the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Iowa, [Mr. Loughridgb.]
The Clerk read as follows:
Provided, That for the Forty-Second Congress no
State shall be reduced in its representation.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. Mr. Chairman, I in-
troduce this amendment for the purpose of
meeting an objection—the on!y_ one, in my
view, of a serious character—which has been
urged against this proposition. The objection
is that if any State should be reduced in its
representation upon this floor there would be
a necessity for calling a special session of the
Legislature for the purpose of redistricting the
State. I do not desire any such result, and my
amendment if adopted will obviate that diffi-
culty.
Now, sir, the representation of my State
would not be reduced, but that of other States
would be. For instance, the State of the gentle-
man from Rhode Island [Mr. Jenckes] who sits
n ear me would doubtless have its representation
diminished, for it now has two members for a
voting population of twenty-seven thousand.
The population of the district of my friend from
Chicago [Mr. Judd] numbers, I think, some
forty-five thousand votes. I have no doubt
that the State of my friend on the left will be
reduced one. I do not wish to drive that State
to an extrasession ofitsLegislaturefor the pur-
pose of redistricting it. I am willing not only
to be just but to be generous, by allowing the
eastern States more than they are entitled to
in the Forty-Second Congress.
My friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley]
eloquently spoke of the West yesterday as "the
great, the growing, the mighty, and the gener-
ous West." Sir, it was well and truly said.
They are a generous people. He said further
that the West had suffered and complained less
than any portion of the country in the last ten
years. That is also true. What we askis that
they shall be as generous to us as we have been
generous to them. Is it generous to ask the
West for two years longer to undergo this in-
justice? Is that generous? Is it generous to
say that four hundred thousand people of Iowa
shall be virtually unrepresented upon this floor
for two years longer than is necessary ? Is that
generous? Is it generous to say that six mil-
lions in the West and South shall be unrepre-
sented for two years longer? Is it generous
that Rhode Island, with twenty-seven thousand
voting population, shall have two members
when districts in the West with twice that many
have only one ? If that be generosity I do not
know, then, what the term means. If that be
generosity in the East, 'then it does not mean
there what it does in the West. But, sir, we
do not want more than justice. Do justice to
the West and give her the representation she is
entitled to. The enumeration will be made by
the 1st of July. We will know the number
of our people by the 1st of August; and the
Constitution says that when the number is
ascertained we have the right to this represent-
ation. We are entitled to this representation
both under the letter and spirit of the Consti-
tution,and there is no reason in the world why
we should not have it.
My friend from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] yes-
terday spoke of this matter as being a political
movement made for the benefit of the Repub-
lican party. For myself no such idea crossed my
mind. I do not know for myself whether this
proposition will benefit the Republican party
or injure it; but I do say that whether it injures
or benefits it, if it is just it should be adopted.
I trust that my amendment will be accepted.
If H is not, I assure the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Coburn] that there will be votes against
his proposition. We cannot drive these State
Legislatures into extra session for the purpose
of redistricting them.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Chairman, I am in favor
of the amendment proposed by the gentleman
from the Chicago district, [Mr. Judd.] Iam
opposed to that offered by the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Allison] and that offered by the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Coburn.] I
should be in favor of the amendment just offered
by another gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Lough-
ridge,] and shall vote for it when the proper
time comes for offering it; but inasmuch as it
does not relate to the subject-matter of the
amendment now pending I hope that it will be
withdrawn by the gentleman. Certainly I shall
oppose it at this stage of the bill.
I approve the amendment of the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Judd] not on any such
ground as that which has been indicated by my
friend from Michigan, [Mr. Blair.] I do not
approve that amendment because I would seek
to take anything away from the power of the
East in this House; I am not in favor of it
because I would seek to add anything to the
power of the West in this House. If it were
merely a question of generosity, a question of
courtesy, 1 would be as willing as he is to save
the eastern States for two more years from the
consequences of a reapportionment of repre-
sentation in this House for the Forty-Second
Congress.
But, sir, with mo it is not a question of cour-
tesy, it is not a question of generosity; and I
shall be pardoned if I say that it can be no more
with him than with me a question of generosity
or courtesy. I believe that he has no power
in this House so to sacrifice justice, to sacrifice
the rights of his constituents or mine. To a
sentiment of courtesy he may indeed sacrifice
his own rights, butnot the rights of his constit-
uents or mine. It is with me, as I trust it is
with him, a question involving the rights of the
people, which he cannot give up, as I cannot
give them up. And I insist on this apportion-
ment as a matter of right. If I see that it is
practicable, thatitc'an be accomplished without
injustice to any portion of the country, 1 must
insist on the right of my people to be repre-
sented according to the plain provisions of the
Constitution of the United States. And there
can be no excuse for any delay after this cen-
sus shall have been taken except such an ex-
cuse as shall be found in the nature of the case.
If it is practicable, if it involves no injustice to
any portion of the UnitedStates, then under the
Constitution my friend from Michigan is bound,
as I am bound, to support this proposition.
And what are the objections? Is it imprac-
ticable ? 1 have listened in vain for any reason
to satisfy me either that wo cannot do this or
that wo ought not to do it. The first objection
comes from the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Wood,] who tells us that the Legislatures
will not be in session, and therefore the appor-
tionment in the several States cannot be made
withont calling extra sessions of the Legisla-
tures at great expense. But the answer to that
is, that those who propose this measure give
to the Legislatures of the several States the
choice whether they will reapportion the rep-
resentation in their States or have their addi-
tional Representatives to whom they may be
entitled elected by the States at large.
Another objection is made by the chairman
of the sub-committee who has this billin charge,
[Mr. Gaefield.] He tells us that under the
Constitution we are bound to make this enum-
eration and apportionment at intervals of ten
years. But the Constitution has been read to
him, and it has been shown that the instrument
contains no such provision; that the constitu-
tional requirement is that the period shall not
be longer than ten years; that the enumera-
tion shall be made within every term of ten
years, and may be made more than once within
that period. And the gentleman thereupon
very gracefully acknowledged that he had mis-
taken the import of the Constitution. What
then ? A gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Woodward] presents this objection, th&t even
though the enumerations may be made at
shorter intervals than ten years, yet the appor-
tionment cannot be made at shorter intervals.
But the Constitution is read to himalso;
and it appears that in that instrument time is
not even mentioned in connection with the ap-
portionment, but only in connection with the
enumeration. This objection, then, has not the
slightest foundation. Next comes another gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Dickey.] He
opposes this proposition because, as he says,
whenever the elective franchise is limited except
for certain reasons in any State the court of
the United States requires a proportionate
diminution of representation, and in order to
ascertain how far this franchise is so limited
in the respective States an examination of their
constitutions must be made by somebody after
the enumeration is made. He thinks that the
labors of the enumerators will not determine
this question. But the gentleman strangely
misapprehends the provisions of the bill as it
now stands. If he will refer to the fifteenth
inquiry under the "population" schedule he
will find the place and the only place where
information respecting the restriction of suf-
frage in the several States is to be obtained;
there he will find the only means the only ma-
chinery provided by this bill for ascertaining
the number of citizens over twenty-one years
of age whose right to vote is denied or abridged
on other grounds than rebellion or other crime.
The bill, sir, provides, as the gentleman [Mr.
Garfield] who haschargeof itfully explained,
that the enumerators shall leave this schedule
with the head of each family, and the head o!
the family shall answer this question with the
rest. It is time that the Superintendent of the
Census may in advance give general direc-
tions, or even specific directions, on this subject;
but he has no duty to perform in the premises,
nor has -anybody else any duty to perform in
the premises under the provisions of this bill
after the work of the enumerators is done.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Hoar] objects to this plan on constitutional
grounds. He asserts that this duty of making
apportionments of Representatives under the
Constitution is essentially legislative in its char-
acter and is incapable of delegation. So is the
duty of admitting new States; and yet who ever
dreamed that it was a delegation or a disregard
of that duty to provide that whenever the Presi-
dent should learn and proclaim that certain
specified acts had been performed the State
should be admitted to the Union? Who ever,
sir, in any of the numerous analogous cases
when legislation is to take effect upon the
ascertainmentand proclamation of the perform-
ance of specified acts by officers named in the
law claimed that such legislation was a delega-
tion or a violation of the duty of the legislative
branch of the Government? Sir, we can make
this law as well before as after the enumeration
so far as the mere question of constitutionality
is concerned.
Then, why not allow the people to be repre-
sented in the Forty-Second Congress according
; to the Constitution as i"t now stands? Does it
j wrong any section of the country; how and
j where? Is it claimed, sir, that an implied prom-
ise found in past usage gives to one portion of
the people of the country a right to insist that
millions shall go unrepresented in this House
for just ten years to a minute? There is no
justice, no right in this claim; it is monstrous,
and ought to find no favor in this House.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I withdraw the
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. JENCKES. I renew it. There is an
objection to this proposition which in my mind
is decisive, and which I have not yet heard
stated. Under the specious guise of giving
Representatives to people who are not rep-
