1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5211
Mr. BAYARD, i move that the honorable
Senator from Ohio have his time extended.
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, no; I would rather
not. I do not want to prolong the debate.
Mr. BAYARD. It is dealing with a great
subject too lightly to cut off speeches upon it
in this way.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I hope the Senator from
Ohio will go on.
•Mr. SHERMAN. I would rather not. I
do not want to set the example of violating the
rule. . .
Mr. BAYARD. If the Senator from Ohio
does not desire to continue this debate 
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not; because I do
not wish to violate a rule that I myself offered.
Mr. BAYARD. Then, sir, I must for the
time being, very incompletely, fill the place
of that gentleman in objecting to this measure
upon the ground of public expense. It is a
question of economy with me entirely, and upon
that ground I shall be compelled to refuse my
assent to the present amendment.
The evils which have been spoken of, in
regard to the entry of goods in the port of New
York destined for ports in the interior of the
country, described by the honorable Senator
from Ohio, are what? Simply evils of mal-
administration. If the packages of goods are
roughly opened, if those goods are disturbed
and injured, it is done in violation of existing
law's, and the officers who permit it should be
punished and removed from office. But because
officers in the sea-ports of the United States
upon the Atlantic coast have permitted the
appraisers and other subordinates to interfere
improperly with the goods destined for the
interior of the country, have suffered depre-
dations to be committed upon that property,
havepermitted discriminating and unjustdelays
in the delivery of goods from the appraisers'
office to citizens in the interior of the country,
that is no reason why this system of inland
warehousing should be carried on as is now
pioposed. The evils that are complained of
are evils resulting from not properly adminis-
tering the laws as they now exist. They are
not to be cured at this great and entirely
unnecessary expense.
Sir, it is our misfortune, as I consider, in
this country to live too much under an ad
valorem tariff. That requires in the first place
a system of oaths from the importers. The
system is to set the oaths of men, their sense
of truth, against their pecuniary interests ; and
1 am sorry to say that the history of mankind
shows that those two matters can seldom come
into collision without injury to the former.
After the oath of the merchant or of his agent
in this country, you have a system of appraise-
ment. That again is founded upon oath. It
is not only dependent upon the oath of that
official, but it is dependent upon his peculiar
skill in estimating, from his peculiar knowledge
of the article upon which duty is tobechasged.
It is perfectly plain that in the vast variety of
articles which are to be appraised you cannot
find a class of experts fit to perform that duty
as a rule, except in the great ports of entry,
where they are accustomed to congregate. I
believe it is a perfectly sound objection to the
proposed measure that the appraisement made
in the distant western cities will be made by
men who have not the knowledge to justify
their making it, and therefore they will subject
themselves to be deceived and misled, however
honest they may be in their attempt.
But, sir, it is the expense of this whole sys-
tem that I object to. It will confessedly create
a large body of high paid officials in addition
to those whom we now have to support. This,
country is suffering to-day too much under the
grievous burdens of taxation and the misplaced
burdens of taxation, to add to it now by this
amendment scores, it may be hundreds, of
officials. Gaugers, warehousemen, inspectors,
appraisers, and the whole machinery now in
force in the ports of entry along your sea-
coast are to be transplanted to th-e interior, and
those duties are to be performed -by a class of
men who will have to be educated to a knowl-
edge of them. Whether this experiment may
not be tried hereafter I do not mean to say;
but in the present condition of pressui-e upon
the population of this country to meet the vast
expenses incurred, I shall object to this meas-
ure upon that account.
There is another ground of objection, and
that is the vastly increased opportunities for
fraud upon the revenue which such a system
palpably contains. You ship your goods in New
York. Talk about a bond being given by.these
large companies of common carriers! What
will that bond be? It will be nothing but a
cautionary bond ; it will be a mere bond given
as collateral security, and the Government will
be forced to prove its rights uuder it and to
have its amount of duties ascertained——
[Here the hammer fell.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Michigan to strike out " one hun-
dred and fifty thousand" and insert "seventy-
five thousand."
Mr. MORTON. I ask the Senator from
Michigan to insert " fifty thousand " instead
of "seventy-five thousand."
Mr. CHANDLER. T will accept that.
Mr. MORTON. So that it will read, "cities
of not less than fifty thousand inhabitants."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment to the amendment will be so modified.
Mr. SCHURZ. 1 would make a suggestion,
if the Senator pleases, to change the amend-
ment to this effect: "or arty city containing
not less than fifty thousand inhabitants which
is a port of entry."
Mr. CHANDLER. I will accept that.
Mr. MORTON. Oh, no; that would defeat
my object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Which prop-
osition does the Senator from Michigan accept?
Mr. CHANDLER. I accept the proposition
of the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let it be reported as it
now reads.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed in section
one of the amendment, line seven, to strike
out thewords " more than one hundred and,"
and in line seven, after the word "inhabit-
ants," to insert the words "and a port of
entry;" so as to read:
"Which are shown by the manifest of the importing
vessel to bo destined for any city containing fifty
thousand inhabitants, and a port of entry.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Oh, no. I do not think
that is the intention of the Senator from
Michigan.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let the Clerk read it
again. 1 did not hear it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator from Michigan state his amendment again ?
Mr. CHANDLER. My amendment was to
strike out "one hundred and fifty" and insert
" seventy-five." The Senator from Indiana
proposed to substitute '■ fifty" for "seventy-
five," and I accepted the amendment. There-
fore it should read "any city with fifty thou-
sand inhabitants, and a port of entry."
Mr. SCHURZ. The suggestion that I made
to the Senator from Michigan was of a differ-
ent nature. Its effect would be to make the
proposition read thus:
Destined for any city containing more than one
hundred and fifty thousand inhabitants, or any city
containing not less than fifty thousand inhabitants
which is a port of entry.'
Of course if the Senator from Michigan does
not accept that he is at liberty to insist upon
his own amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER. That is the same thing,
is it not.?
Mr. MORTON. Thewords " port of entry"
I think are not any more necessary in the latter
case than they are in the first. Therefore I
would prefer not to have them inserted.
Mr. CORBETT. Portland is the second
city on the Pacific coast in business, and I wish
to have this advantage for that point, to accom-
modate Oregon and Washington, Idaho and
Montana Territories. That is the distributing
point for those places; it is a port of entry, and
this ought to be extended to that place. 1 hope
the Senator from Ohio will not object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on striking out " one hundred and fifty
thousand "and inserting "fifty thousand."
Mr. CORBETT. If this proposition is con-
fined to cities of fifty thousand inhabitants, cer-
tainly the words should be inserted, "whichis
a port of entry."
Mr. CHANDLER. I think my amendment
is correct as the Clerk has read it. I think the
Senator will see that it is just as he wants it.
Mr. CORBETT. I think it does not embrace
all that it should embrace.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think I can explain
how that ig, and I think the Senator from
Michigan will see the propriety of adopting
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Missouri. His amendment is to leave the
clause as to cities of one hundred and fifty
thousand inhabitants just as it is, and then to
add "or to cities being ports of entry which
contain fifty thousand inhabitants."
Mr. SCHURZ. That is the idea.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no city in the
Union of one hundred and fifty thousand
inhabitants that is not a port of entry.
Mr. TRUMBULL. One of them, as I under-
stand, is a port of delivery. Is Cincinnati a
port of entry?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes.
Mr. SCHURZ. No. "
Mr. SHERMAN. At any rate the amend-
ment is now so worded that it would cover a
port of delivery just as weli.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If this amendment pre-
vails goods can come into any city of one hun-
dred and fifty thousand inhabitants, or to any
city of fifty thousand which is a port of entry.
I ask the Senator from Michigan if that is not
satisfactory to him?
Mr. CHANDLER. That is satisfactory to
me.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I hope the amend-
ment of the Senator from Missouri will be
acc6pt©d.
Mr. SHERMAN. If there is no port of
entry or port of delivery, of course there will
be no officers to receive the goods.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
offer a substitute for the proposition now under
consideration. I propose to strike out the
words "any city containing more than one
hundred and fifty thousand inhabitants" and
insert the names of the cities that are intended
to be accommodated by this bill. I think it
important that we should limit this evil to as
small a number of places as possible; and I
therefore move as a substitute for those words
to insert the words "Cincinnati, Chicago, and
St. Louis;" so as to read " destined for the
cities of Cincinnati, Chicago, and St. Louis."
Mr. SHERMAN. Then there are Philadel-
phia and Boston. I tliiuk if we try to name
the cities we shall get into trouble.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is very
much better to express exactly what you mean
by the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
will first be taken on the amendment moved
by the Senator from Michigan, to strike out
and insert.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we had better
have that read, and see whether it is exactly
as the Senator from Missouri wants it.
The Chief Clerk. Aftertheword "inhab-
itants, " in line seven, it is proposed to insert
"or any city of fifty thousand inhabitants
which is a port of entry."
Mr. CHANDLER. Say " or delivery."
Mr. CORBETT. No; I think it had better
be confined to ports of entry.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well.
