1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2379
their tariff laws. So far have the advocates of
the bondholders progressed that I find the fol-
lowing notice of my effort to tax the interest
on the bonds in the Louisville Commercial, the
leading Republican paper in Kentucky, which
is edited by one of the cleverest and most
promising young men in the party:
"It is a pity that Mr. Beck should have, immedi-
ately before announcing his intended retirement from
politics, defiled his skirts by a motion to repudiate
one tenth of the interest accruing on the national
debt. The proposal to swindle foreign bondholders
whom we have no more right to tax than theforeign
landholders out of one tenth of what we owe thein,
and then to call it a tax, is too barefaced to be made
by any but Mdkgen in Congress and Golladay out-
side of it. Mr. Buck ought to know and does know
better."
To that I have only to say, if my friend of
the Commercial would read the proceedings in
(he Globe more carefully, and especially if he
would read the speech of his leader, [Mr. But-
ler, of Massachusetts]—by the way the ablest
he ever delivered in favor of taxing the bonds
as I proposed—made on the 14th of July, 1868,
he would not make such mistakes.
The question recurred on Mr. Wood's amend-
ment to the amendment.
The committee divided; and there were—■
ayes 15, noes 68; no quorum voting.
No further count was demanded.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move the following:
Strike out all after the word " on," line nine, page
1, and insert':
A11 teas valued at 30 conts and not exceeding CO
cents per pound, 20 cents per pound; on all teas val-
ued at 60 cents per pound and upward, 35 cents per
pound; and all teas valued at less than 30 cents per
pound, freo of duty.
Mr. Chairman, I desire to say in advocacy of
that proposition, while I appreciate the neces-
sities of the Government that there should be
raised something like 5120,000,000 by way
of tariff upon imports, that I am in favor of
discriminating taxes, and where there is gradu-
ation in the quality of articles imported I am
in favor of graduating the taxes so there shall
be an idea of equity in the imposition of
these taxes. Now, sir, I am in favor of putting
this tax upon the capital of the country, upon
the wealth of the country, so far as we can. 1
believe it is a fair principle in Government
which requires wealth, the accumulated capi-
tal, to pay its share of the expenses to carry
on the Government. £ am quite certain it is
a correct principle.
What is embodied in this proposition? That
tea valued at less than 30 cents, importation
value, shall be free of duty. It is well known
and cannot be denied that the tea purchased
by the great mass of the laboring interest of
the country does not cost exceeding 30 cents,
importation value. Tf you wish to deal fairly
in a matter of this kind, permit all of this
class of tea bought by the laboriug men, by
those who cannot afford to buy high priced
tea, to come in free of duty. Above that
price, that is, upon tea valued above 30 cents
per pound, the amendment provides there
shall be a duty levied of 20 cents per pound,
and upon teas valued at 60 cents per pound
and upward, 35 cents per pound. I imagine
the revenue to be derived from this article will
not be reduced by this tax, as proposed by my
amendment, but you will receive your revenue
in great part without oppressing the laboring
classes of the country.
Mr. ALLISON. I wish to call the attention
of the gentleman from Illinois to the fact that
the average price of tea is about 33 cents per
pound.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Iam aware of that. I am
aware that about 30,000,000 pounds of tea are
imported, and that the average value is about
33 cents per pound. Very well, sir; if you
lake the average value you get a 20 cent tax.
But will the chairman of the committee tell us
how much tea in value was imported worth less
than 30 cents per pound : how much less than
CO cents; and how much exceeded that figure?
Perhaps we are somewhat in the dark about
this matter. Perhaps the Committee of Ways
and Means are in the dark. At any rate they
have failed to tell tho House what proportion
of each class of teas, according to value, has
been imported.
I yield two minutes to my colleague, [Mr.
Hay.]
Mr. HAY. I do not desire that the House
shall go it blind in the consideration of this
bill. l''or myself I will say that on tea, coffee,
and sugar, I am. in favor of ad valorem duties.
It is proposed to reduce the sum total of our
taxes as derived both from the tariff and from
internal revenue taxatiou. And I call now
upon the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means to inform this House at the thresh-
old of its consideration of this measure what
amount of tariff duties and what particular
taxes in the internal revenue system they in-
tend to abolish or remit. I think we are enti-
tled to this information, that we may know,
in the consideration of this tariff bill, how far
we may go in the reduction of tariff duties. I
say this is something which the House is enti-
tled, and which the country is entitled to know.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 will answer the gentle-
man's question. I have already stated to the
House that there will be a bill reported redu-
cing the internal revenue taxation by at least
$30,000,000. I decline going into particulars.
We have discussed the matter in the commit-
tee, and are pretty well agreed on it. But it
is not necessary or proper that I should raise
squabbles and speculations throughout the
country by a premature disclosure. Gentle-
men, however, may rely on this, that a reduc-
tion of internal revenue taxation to the amount
of $30,000,000 is proposed.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ikger-
soll] thinks that the House and the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means are in the dark. If
we are in the dark, so far as the Committee
ofWaysand Means areconcerned, itisbecause
we are trying to legislate on what knowledge
we have, which is better than to legislate on
knowledge whichwehave not. The gentleman
from Illinois wants a graduated tariff on teas
according to value, and that all under the value
of 30 cents should come in free. Weknowthat
the average valuation is about 33 J cents. There
are no reports from the Treasury to show the
proportions. But my impression 13 that we
would get only hundreds of dollars from tea
where we now get millions, if that system were
adopted, because all teas would be sworn down
under 30 cents. The difficulty with these classi-
fications with regard to every article—and that
is the reason why, so far as possible, we tried
to avoid them—is that they result in under-
valuations, false invoices, &c., by which the
upper classes are always put in lower for pur-
poses of importation ; and, my word for it, if
this principle were adopted with reference to
teas, none would be entered at over 30 cents.
The gentleman from New York says that we
have retained classifications and ad valorem
duties in some cases. So we have. But as
far as possible wo have reduced, wherever we
deemed it practicable, the number of classifi-
cations in cases where it was considered neces-
sary to have both ad valorem and specific du-
ties. For instance, as regards cotton goods,
asl explainedthe other day, we have got down
from 1-1 different classes to 4; in steel, from
4 classes down to 1; and so with many other
things. We have done this in consequence of
the enormous amount of frauds, according to
the information deiived from everybody con-
nected with the collection of the revenue, aris-
ing from classifications according to valuation
of articles upon which there are ad valorem
duties.
The gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. ixGEa-
soll,] and gentlemen all around have been
talking about tho poor mail's tea. Nov/, 1
-think, Mr. Chairman, that the mass of the
people of this countrv all drink about as good
tea as the better class, if there be any such
thing as a better class in our democratic coun-
try. It is with tea as with whisky. I have
caught a millionaire taking a glass sometimes
of the very worst whisky, such as would kiil
at twenty rods, when a man of very moderate
means beside him would only be willing to take
old Bourbon. What do we find with reference
to whisky ? For purposes of taxation we have
to tax the poor grades and the fancy grades,
running up as high as $6, $7_, and $8, at the
same rate. We are driven to it; it is the only
practicable, reliable revenue system. It is
desirable that the high whisky should pay more
than the cheap ; it is desirable that the high-
priced tea should pay more than the cheap;
but the difficulty is in getting at the higher
priced. In the progress, therefore, of legisla-
tion on this subject the tendency has been, for
purposes of revenue particularly, to resort to
specific duties, where you can reduce every-
thing to one class, and thus save the custom-
house from the necessity of attending to a
multiplicity of details, and avoid the frauds
and perjuries that come in with a system of
numerous classifications of various articles.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means to state
to the committee that in the valuation of im-
ported goods neither the invoices nor the affi-
davits that may accompany them are considered
binding by the Government as regards the tax
to be imposed.
Mr. SCHENCK. It is very possible to set
them aside; it is very possible to make seizures;
and the gentleman, then, would resort to a sys-
tem under which we would have a squabble
over every importation. The invoices are com-
pelled to be taken as prima facie evidence, and
they are often untrue. Why? Because gen-
tlemen will legislate to put in the way of im-
porters 0, motive to be false. But if you impose
a specific duty you take away that motive, and
you thus verify your faith in that clause of the
familiar prayer, " Lead us not into tempta-
tion." Take away temptation if you do not
want sin is a very much better rule tbau to
throw temptation in the way, and very much
more sensible than to expect that there will
not be sin if there is temptation.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. In order to avoid tempt
ation the gentleman would put a duty of 100
per cent, on low-priced teas, and a duty of 2o
per cent, on high-priced teas!
Mr. MARSHALL. Having been necessarily
absent, 1 have not heard the entire debate upon
this proposition ; but as I have a very decided
opinion as to what the House ought to do in ref-
erence to this matter, 1 beg leave to submit a
remark or two upon it.
I shall sustain on this question of the tax
upon tea the action of the Committee of Ways
and Means. I think that in this adjustment,
they have acted wisely and well, and I do not
see any ground for the great hue and cry raised
in this House on the one side or the other in
regard to this tax. It is a revenue tax. I wish
to say to those gentlemen who are opposed to
the high protective system, by which the masses
of the people are, as we hold, taxed in many
instances for the purpose of putting moneyinto
the pockets of monopolists, that this is not a
tax of that kind. Every dollar of revenue that
is paid passes into the Treasury of the coun-
try, and it is adjusted among the people, as
equally as any tax can be, in proportion to
their means. Tea is au aiticle that is con-
sumed to a very considerable extent in pro-
portion to a man's means. It is not a neces-
sary of life in the same sense in which soft or
clothing or bread and meat are necessaries ot
life.
Mr. WOOD. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask liini a question?
-Mr. MARSHALL. I oumiot yield just now.
I iid like 10 see the tnv upon tea and upon
everything oka removed if it were possible
