1870.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
421
41st Cong-....2d Sess.
Enforcement of Fifteenth Amendment—Mr. Fowler.
Senate.
real character of the bill uncertain at present.
In its present condition I cannot but consider
that we had better go at once to the House bill,
which is a clear and distinct proposition, and
framed in the exact language of law. The
amendment of the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Shbkman] is long enough for any bill of itself,
and proposes a course of legislation at once
new and wild, as well as unnecessary. It is a
proposition to enter the States and assume the
entire control of State elections in all elections
lor members of Congress and for electors of
President and Vice President. It assumes to
punish frauds of every description, such as that
of personating or voting for another person,
living, dead, or fictitious. Voting more than
once in the same election ; voting ataplacenot
sanctioned by law ; or by force, fraud, bribery,
intimidation, &c., to prevent any other person
fiom voting, or in any manner not sanctioned
by law lo induce an officer to receive an illegal
vote, arc all made severe penal offenses pun-
ishable by the Federal courts. 1 will, how-
ever, incorporate a part of one section of this
amendment as amended by striking out "for
electors of President and Vice President of the
United States," which was so manifestly un-
constitutional as to forbid its sanction by any
reasonable lawyer:
That if at any election for Representative or Dele-
gate in the Congress of the United States any per-
son shall knowingly personate and vote, or attempt
to vote, in the name of any other person, whether
living, dead, or fictitious; or vote more than once at
tile same election for any candidate for the same
office; or vote at a place where ho may not be law-
tuily entitled to vote; or vote without having a law-
tul right to vote; or do any unlawful act to secure a
right or an opportunity to vote ior himself or any
other peison; or by force, threat, menace, intimida-
tion, bribery, reward, or offer or promise thereof, or
otherwise unlawfully prevent any qualified voter of
any State ot the United States ot America, or.of any
Territory thereof, from trcciy cxercising the light of
t-uffrage, or by any such means inducc any voter to
refuse to exerciso such right; orcompcl or inducc,
by any such means or otherwise, any officer of an
election, in any such State or Territory, to receive a
vote from a person not legally qualilied or entitled
to vote; or interfere in any manner with any officer
of saicl elections in the discharge of his duties ; or by
any of such means, or other unlawlul means, induce
any officer of an election, or officer whoso duty it is
to ascertain, announce, or declare the result of any
suclx election, or givo or make any certificate, docu-
ment, or evidence in relation thereto, to violate, or
refuse to comply with his duty, or any law regulating
the same.
The object aimed at by the mover of this
proposition is in itself good and most desir-
able, but the means through which it,is sought
to be attained are so repugnant to our ideas of
government as to merit condemnation. Jt is
clearly a wild departure from the long-estab-
lished policy of the nation, and cannot be
adopted without grave reasons in its favor.
Our first inquiry is for the authority for such
a law. How shall I bo justified by voting for
it ? Has the long-established policy failed to
accomplish the purposes designed by the fram-
ersof the Government? Has our Government
bccome aggressive and subjecting, instead of an
instructed and obedient agency ? Where in the
list of grants, or even prohibitions, are there
any shadows of authority from the people 1 I
would not now recur to an instrument so often
abused and so silent and innocent in its action
did I not believe it the expression of the national
heart and the will of the people. If I have lived
in an age already effete, and instead of existing
as one of the living agents of society am but a
dreamer amid the tombs of a once honored
but buried race, then may my ardent desires
pass unheeded by my countrymen. If, how-
ever. the labors of our fathers, fraught with
such rich legacies of hope and liberty and hap-
piness for mankind, be still a living, moving
reality, guarding a nation's life and promising
humanity, regeneration, and the realization of
u, more exalted freedom, 1 may hope, at least,
lor that respect which is always accorded to an
honest purpose and a chastened enthusiasm.
Conscious still of my personal identity, and of
a living sympathy with a heart that sends the
warm currents of life through forty million
people, I will enter upon the inquiry, whence
does Congress derive the authority under the
Constitution to legislate over the people of a
State on the subject of elections? By what
authority can we enact a penal code to punish
officers of a State for not enforcing constitu-
tional State laws ?
Weroadilyconcedethepowerof the national
Government over the time, place, and manner
of electing members of Congress ultimately.
The power over these very subjects has been
left with the States, and only that regulating
the same, and that after the States have failed
to discharge this duty. Even in this case the
power confided to Congress by article one, sec-
tion four, relates only to specifying what day
an election shall take place, of declaring in
what place, that is, the precincts for voting,
and of determining the manner, whether viva
voce, or by ballot. It gives no authority to punish
citizens for delinquencies. Its remedy is in
rejecting the member elected contrary to law.
The desire of the district and State for repre-
sentation will secure compliance. The expe-
rience of the Government since the rebellion
gives sufficient assurance that this desire is an
ample guarantee for the execution of a law of
Congress making provisions under this article
for the election of members of Congress. The
right of Congress to alter the regulations made
by the States as to the tim e, place, and manner
cannot be conceded until the failure of the
States has been shown. It is claimed that the
power to enact a penal code providing for the
elections of members of Congress is derived
from the fifteenth amendment. I shall reserve
the consideration of this for another branch
of my argument.
The fifteenth article of amendments to the
Constitution provides;
" Sue. 1. That the right of citizens of the United
States to vote shall not bo denied or abridged by tho
United States, or by any State, on aceouut of race,
color, or previous condition of servitude.
" Sue. "■ Tho Congress shall have power to enforco
this article by appropriate legislation."
I was opposed to this article, first, because it
surrendered, to a certain extent, the power of
the people and the States over the qualification
of electors, which should not have been done
without the most urgent reasons for such a
change. The experience of the nation does not
justify a hasty resort to the rule of inflexible
constitutional provisions. The more elastic
and gradually expanding agency of State action
has thus far proved adequate to tho wants and
interests of society. It is an easy matter to
change the laws of a State. It is difficult to
change that of the nation. Tho violent agita-
tion consequent upon hasty legislation in the
nation may more readily find its cure in revolu-
tion than when the control of such local inter-
ests are trusted to the action of the people.
The Constitution should not be touched until
the demands of society prove clearly that the
measure is not only useful but desirable. It
should then meet all the demands of the people
relative to the subject-matter.
The argument in favor of the amendment
was the right of each individual to determine
for himself the forces that should govern him,
and that taxation and representation are recip-
rocal, and that the former cannot be cxacted
without the exercise of the latter. In our sys-
tem these principles must be admitted, for they
repose at its basis. It is, however, a right that
is better protected by the people in their State
capacity than by the power of the nation. The
amendment has, however, been adopted, and
now constitutes a part of the supreme law of
the land. It is our duty to study its meaning
and the extent of the power conferred.
The article, in its first section, is a mere pro-
hibition upon the United States and the States,
and a prohibition that protects three charac-
teristics or conditions. There is here no grant
of power to the General Government. It takes
from each all the power they may have claimed
over the qualification of voters so far as these
three characteristics are concerned.
I have said that the amendment is inadequate
to protect the rights of citizens. It founds the
right to vote on no principle. It asserts no
positive grant of power. It does not base the
right to vote on manhood or its natural rights.
It does not protect the individual, but only
certain attributes or accidents, and these by no
means the essential and distinguishing ones
which dignify his nature and render him a sub-
ject of civil government. It does not guard
any of his interests as a member of society, or
secure to him equal rights before the law in
consideration of the duties he performs to so-
ciety. While it protects race it ignores sex,
property, intelligence, virtue, service, religion,
profession, &c. That it was an advance I will
admit, but it was not that advance called for
by the spirit of the age. It gave protection to
a class, but not to the most meritorious and de-
serving. It protected the lowest and ignored
the highest representatives of humanity. No
woman can claim any interest in its guarantees
or its magnanimity, no matter what maybe her
interests, her demands for protection, her in-
telligence and service to the country. I shall
not stop now to discuss a question so compre-
hensive in its scope, but content myself with the
bare statement of my objection to the amend-
ment.
I conclude my first objection, that it was in-
adequate for the occasion, if an amendment
at all was demanded. The amendment can do
nothing for the citizen that the State could not
do without it, and do much better, and there-
fore it was not demanded.
The question of protection still exists and
presses upon the attention of the country. No
effort should be left untried that can effect the
object if consistent with reason and the Gov-
ernment. If any protection can be extended
I would be willing to go to the verge of con-
stitutional authority. The jjower conferred by
the first section of article fifteen is wholly pas-
sive, negativing any law of Congress orthe State
denying or abridging the right of the citizen, on
account of race, color, or previous condition
of slavery, to vote.
The second section may go further and give
the power to enforce the right by legislative
action. "The Congress shall have the power
to enforce this article by appropriate legisla-
tion' ' is its language. It is a question of doubt
whether any more power is conferred by the
auxiliary than by the primary*- It is certainly
true of all the other primary and auxiliary
powers in tho Constitution, and has been so held
by the ablest commentators on the Constitution.
That it was intended by Congress to confer the
power is doubtless true; but that it does, is
another and a different question. It is not the
first time that the legislator has failed to com-
prehend the full power of tho law he^ has
enacted. If the courts should hold the view I
have taken the remedy of the citizen under
this article is judicial and extends only to an
exemption from congressional or State infringe'-
ment of his rights.
The second section makes the failure of a
State officer to execute a State law whereby a
citizen may be deprived of his vote a penal
offense, punishable with fine and imprisonment;
it also gives the aggrieved citizen the right of
action in damages against the delinquent offi-
cer. The following section is of the same
character.
These provisions of the bill apply to Statu
officers who refuse or neglect in any manner to
execute State laws. If a State officer may be
held responsible to the national Government
for failure to execute one State law he may
for any other, and thus the entire right of local
