1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL G^LOBE.
3323
goldiM* npon the country with * year's pay?
Thew is no such proposition before the Sen- '
jie. and the Senator ought not to have made
(L t assertion.
There are five hundred wounded officers iu
the Army, men who lK>ar upon their persons
scars received in battle. Now, what is the
propos>,'on' That «verJ one of these wounded
men who cannot perform duty may be retired,
not on a year# pay, but retired with seventy-
fire per cent- of his pay. Take the case of
a colonel, wounded, broken, shattered in the
service of the country, old, worn ont in the
public serrice: and what do we propose ? To
retire him with seventy- live per cent, of $4,000;
to five him $3,000 a year to live on all the
!««; of his life. That is the proposition of the
House bill adopted by the committee. Then
why doe* the Senator my that the proposition
is to retire him on a year's pay? There is no
such thing in the bill. No word ever fell from
that Senator's lips more unjust to any man on
earth. I repeat, there is nothiug of the kind
in the bill.
Then, what ia there in this measure ? It is
a simple measure in these three propositions
to reduce the four hundred and eighty super-
numerary officers, made supernumerary by the
discharge of infantry regiments last year. We
consolidated the regiments, and we have these
supernumerary officers. Now, what is pro
posed? In the lirst place, we enlarge the retired
list so that we may have three hundred retired
officers instead of about one hundred and sev-
enty, and in that way we take care of the
wounded, the old, the worn out and decrepit,
the men who have suffered in the service, so
that they may be retired on seventy-five per
cent, of their pay; givinga captain who receives
$'2,000 a y«*r $1,500 a year to live on for the
remainder of his life. Cu anything be more
liberal, more generous, more just?
As 1 have said, We have an excess of four
hundred and eighty officers. We shall retire
about one hundred or one hundred and twenty
of them. We shall put about one hundred
and twenty more into thq active service, into
the cavalry and artillery, where there are vacan-
cies; and we propose to put first lieutenants
where vacancies exist in the second lieuten-
ants. We do not make them second lieuten-
ants, bat we propose to have two first lieuten-
ants in a company until the time comes for
promotion and filling up—a liberal, just, and
humane provision. This will take care of about
one half of these men. Then what do we pro-
pose beside* ? We Bay to the officers of the
Army, one and all, to the young men not
thirty years old, strong and healthy, who are
in the service, •' If anyof you, gentlemen, desire
to go into other business and retire from the
Army we will give you a years' pay if you have
not been in the service live years; if yoa have
been in the service betweoa five and ten years
we will give one and a half years' pay j and
if you have been in the service longer than that
we will give you two years' pay in advance,"
which would pay an old colonel who has been
long in the service seven or eight thousand dol-
lars. I have letters from officers in the Army
applauding this proposition, urging it, and say-
ing that it is generous and liberal. That is the
proposition that we have before ns. 1 believe
that under it one or two hundred of these officers
will resign, not becanse they are old or worn
ont or broken down, but because they will see
that in times of peace there ia a greater open-
ing in other professions, and they will gooutof
the Army as Grant and Sherman and many
good officers went out of the Army in times
of peace in the past; and they will unques-
tionably gain by it; for I do not believe that
tne Army in times of peace, or with only these
Indian troubles, will be a great place for the
exercise of talent or the gratification of ambi-
tion for years to come.
In this section we simply provide that a
hoard of officers consisting of five men, a ma-
jority of whom shall be officers who served in
the war as volunteer officers, having warm
sympathies, of course, with the volunteers, shall
be appointed, and before this board shall go
such officers as shall be sent before them,
l^et me say to the Senator from Nevada that the
Department here at Washington has as com-
plete records of the officers of the Array and
theirstanding and condition as a school-teacher
has of the scholars in his school. This section
provides that officers who have faults of char-
acter, who have done improper things, shall go
before this board, and if they shall be proved
before that board to be—what? Not old men,
not wounded men, not men broken down iu
the service of their country, but men with per-
sonal faults that unfit them for the Array, they
shall be mustered out, and we make the gen-
erous provision for them—a thing unhe&rd of
in the history of the world—of giving them
n year's pay. We should be perfectly justi-
fied in mustering them out and giving them
nothing at all, or at most three months' pay;
but we propose to give them a year's pay. We
want to be generous and kind to men who have
faults that unfit them to continue in the Army.
Mr. NYE. Will the Senator allow me to ask
him a question?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. NYE. 1 wish to ask the honorable Sen-
ator, the chairman of the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, if the law does not provide now
lor getting rid of all such cases as he suggests
by conrts-martial?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Oh, no.
Mr. NYE. Yes, it does.
Mr. CONKLING. Not unless for a violation
of the Rules and Articles of War.
Mr. NYE. The law certainly provides for
inattention to duty.
Mr. WILSON. A portion of these cases
of course would come under the present law;
but this section covers more than that. It
applies to men who have been guilty of per-
sonal misconduct or faults, but perhaps mis-
conduct or fanlts not amounting to enough to
bring them before a court-martial. That is all
there is about it; and w'e made what seemed to us
to be a generous and kindly provision for them.
Now, I desire to say to the Senator that we
have in the Army fifty-one men who have
served as major generals with full commis-
sions, and seventy four who have been bre-
veted, making one hundred and twenty-five
men who have been major generals in the
. Army. Then we have one hundred and thir-
ty-eight who have been brigadier generals;
one hundred and seventy who have been
| colonels;, two hundred and two who have
been lieutenant colonels; two hundred and
eighteen who have been majors; three hun-
' dred and eighteen who have been captains;
two hundred and twelve who have been first
lieutenants; eighty-eight who have been sec-
, ond lieutenants; making fourteen hundred
and seventy-one men who have served in the
volunteer service either with full commissions
or brevets. I am sure nobody wants to do any
injustice to the officers of the Army.
I n 1866, when the war closed, we had an Army
of one million and thirty-four thousand men.
Some of those men in volunteer regiments
were kept in the service and were carried on
, to the frontiers of Texas and into the Indian
. country. The men were dissatisfied. Great
; complaint was made. We had to reorganize
j our Army and allow all our volunteers to go
home, having redeemed to them all our pledges
and more too, having passed bounty acts cost-
ing the country at least $100,000,000 that were
not promised. We reorganized the regular
Army in 1866. It was no larger than we
needed then. The condition of affairs in the
i rebel States was unsettled. We therefore made
an Array of fifty-four thousand men, but it
could be enlarged to eighty-two or eighty-three
I thousand by the President. Last year there
! was a strong demand to reduce the Army, and
jl we disbanded or consolidated twenty infantry
„ regiments. Instead of having forty-five regi-
ments we now have twenty-five. That left on
hand over six hundred supernumerary officers,
officers for whom we had no places. Some of
them have been appointed Indian agents.
Others are at home. Many of these officers
have done no duty for a year past, and are at
their homes receiving their pay from the Gov-
ernment.
There is a demand in the country, and every-
body expects that we are to reduce the num-
ber of officers down to our needs. There is
no justification for keeping more than we need.
More than one hundred of these officers witnin
a year have resigned, or been court-martialed
and turned out of service, or have died, so that,
the number has now been reduced down to four
hundred and eighty. The provision of this bill
is to get rid of these four hundred and eighty
men as easily as possible. We have offered
them this liberal provision. I am sorry the
Senator does not see the liberality of it, and 1
am sorry that, not seeing it, he should under-
take to put us in a false position before the
country, and charge us with doing an unjust,
cruel thing to any of the men who served their
country. I take it the Senator and myself do
not differ in our sentiments or feelings of grat-
itude toward the men who served the country.
Mr. NYE. One word in reply. If in tin;
course of my remarks I did anything more
than say that this was a mistake in judgineut
on the part of the committee I said more
than I intended to say. But knowing the gen
eroos manner in which the honorable Senator
always felt toward our soldiers it created my
surprise to see what I claim to be a change of
tactics so soon after the war is over.
Now, sir, I undertake to say that this sec-
tion, together with the other section that pro-
vides for a board, do precisely what I claimed
they did do. They in effect say to these offi-
cers, " You can go out if you please ; if you do
not we will put you out through the agency of
this board." Sir, how long would you stay in
a man's house if he should tell you. " You can
go out if you have a mind to do so, but if you
stay too long I will put you out? " How long
would you regard yourself as a comfortable
guest in that house? Establish this guillotine,
and establish this crucible through which these
officers must pass, and how long do you sup
pose it will be before they will resign to get
rid of it? It compels them, if they have got
the spirit of men, to resign their commissions
and to throw themselves upon the cold char-
ities of an unfeeling world. The proposition
is simply this: " Go out, if you please, of your
accord, and we will give you a year's pay, or
we will retire you through the agency of this
board at the end of a reasonable time; but go
out you must; this Army must be reduced."
That is the language.
The honorable Senator stands here and tells
us that there are four hundred and eighty offi-
cers who must be got rid of. Then, why not
with one sweep get rid of them? Why torture
them by this inquisition that is to follow by the
provisions of this bill? You say to them, "Go,
if you please, and we will give you a year's
pay; stay, and you have got a board pending
over your head who will remove yon any way."
My honorable friend from Massachusetts says
that this is only intended to reach a set of offi-
cers who are derelict in their duties. If they
are derelict in their duties a tribunal already
exists to try them at the will of their com-
mander. I appeal to the honorable Senator
from Mississippi, [Mr. Ames,] whose life has
been spent in the Army, if a man who is der-
elict in his duty is not subjeet to court-martial
by the law as it stands now under the ltules
and Articles of War. If a dereliction of duty
is not a cause for trial before a court martial,
go, wipe out one half of the records of your
courts-martial, for I have read them with my
own eyes; I have heard the sentences with my
own ears.
Bat the honorable Senator says there is
another class whose habits and personal indis-
