1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1435
and cohered in to the Treasury of the United States,
and all the offices not herein provided for are hereby
abolished.
I want to say at the outset that the intima-
tion that Philadelphia or the Philadelphia del-
egation has had anything to do with the shaping
of this bill is a mistake. I have some familiar-
ity with this subject, from having been a mem-
ber of the Committee on Coins and Coinage.
I remember the elaborate examination of these
questions by that committee during the last
Congress, and their action. I have also had
the pleasure of visiting the mint at Carson City
and examining its machinery and appoint-
ments, and I have arrived at the conclusion
that a mint there would be as useless as the
mint at the Dalles in Oregon, which would be as
aptly located if it was on Barnegat shoals.
But while I 3ay this of the mint, I think an
assay office will be of great utility there, and
I would make the same provision for it that is
made for the one at Denver, Colorado. They
never can coin much money at Carson City
for the reason that Nevada is the silver State,
and silver will flow to the great commercial
centers in bars and not in coin.
Oar silver is a subsidiary coin, as much so
as our tokens. It is below the standard of our
gold. It does not find its way to the melt-
ing-pot of the jeweler or the artisan. It is a
mere subsidiary coinage, made a legal tender
for small and limited amounts. But that the
miners of Nevada should have an opportunity
to have their ores assayed; that the Govern-
ment should interfere in their behalf against
speculators, and give them a just and truthful
and official assay of their quartz and ores, is
but justice; and while I say unhesitatingly
that an assay office would be a burlesque in
Dalles City, I say one is eminently needed at
Carson City, and that the Government should
make just appropriations for it as it has made
for the assay office at Denver. There the
mint was found to be a ridiculous failure.
There was not as much money coined there as
would pay the salaries of the persons employed
there. But as an assay office it was an insti-
tution of great value, and did doubtless pro-
tect capitalists of the East from false assays,
and the hard-working and honest laborers
against speculators who set up assay offices of
their own.
Now, I am in favor of abolishing all these
branch mints and having but two great mints in
the country, for the reason given by the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations, [Mr.
Dawes.] We on the Committee on Coinage
found thatitwasimpossible, with a dozen branch
mints at Charlotte, Dahlonega, New Orleans,
Denver, Carson City, San Francisco, and else-
where, to maintain the standard of our coinage,
in which the honor of the nation is involved.
And we would be fortunate if with such a
multiplicity of managers, each producing or
professing to produce coins of precisely the
same stamp, we did not find the Government
itself issuing base and degraded coin. It would
not be a crime one half so grave in character
as some perpetrated by Government agents all
through the war, and which from time to time
were detected in men holding positions of the
highest responsibility. Extending as our com-
merce does from ocean to ocean, we should
have a mint in the great commercial center of
the East, and another easily accessible from
the gold and silver regions of the Pacific coast.
And with these two mints there should be estab-
lished at all great central points, like Denver,
Carson City, Helena, easily managed and well-
appointed assay offices. I therefore offer my
amendment as a substitute for the amendment
of the gentleman from Nevada, [Mr. Fitch;]
and although I may withdraw it if whoever
succeeds me will renew it, I want a vote on it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MAYNARD. When this bill was first
reported to this House I attempted to keep out
of it just such legislation as this, and it would
have been kept out bat for the suspension of
the rules, for which, if I am not mistaken, my
friend from Nevada [Mr. Fitch] himself voted.
Mr. FITCH. I was informed, or was given
to understand, by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] that there was no objec-
tionable legislation in it.
Mr. MAYNARD. I call the attention of
the gentleman to the matter, that he may have
the lull benefit of the sympathy I feel for him
I now.
| Mr. FITCH. I assure the gentleman I
I appreciate it.
Mr. MAYNARD. Ourpolicy from the begin-
ning has been to establish our mints in the
neighborhood of mines. When gold was dis-
| covered in North Carolina, we established a
| mint at Charlotte ; when gold was discovered
i in Georgia, a branch mint was established at
i Dahlonega; and when the first intelligence
1 came of the disovery of gold in California we
; established a mint at San Francisco. That has
; been followed by branch mints at Denver and
i Carson City, and I believe another at Dalles is
1 contemplated. The policy of such an arrange-
ment, it strikes me, does not require any great
; amount of argument to show that the Govern-
ment should go as near the mines as possible,
: carrying there the means of assay and enabling
; the miner to convert his bullion into the cur-
j rent coin of the land.
Something has been said disparagingly of
j the branch mint at Dalles. I will not stop to
j make any explanation in regard to that, for I
! see before me the gentleman from Oregon,
I [Mr. Smith,] and he can give all the informa-
tion that may be necessary. The reason for
establishing it there in the first place no longer
applies. The effect of the Pacific railroad has
been to change the whole current of bullion and
the products of the mines there to this region of
the country. But here at Carson City is a branch
mint that has been built at a very considerable
expense. It has been furnished with all the
apparatus and machinery for coining of a very
superior quality, as I am assured by those who
understand these things, and they are ready
there to coin the gold of the mines into such
forms as may be desired. This mint is estab-
lished right in the center of the great mining
belt of the continent; and unless we are to
introduce the new principle (which I infer we
are to introduce from the speech of the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations) of
compelling the miner to carry his production
to the sea-board to get it coined instead of
coining it at the mine where it is produced,
there is, I undertake to say, no spot upon the
continent where a mint could be more properly,
justly, and judiciously established than at Car-
son City, in the midst of these most wealthy
and productive mineral regions.
I trust, therefore, that the amendment of my
friend from Philadelphia, [Mr. Kelley], to
reduce this institution to a mere assay office
will not prevail. I trust that this proposition
to repeal the act establishing the mint there
will be stricken out, and that we shall make
such provision as will enable the miners of
that region to have their gold and silver coined
as they may desire, in order that it may be
used as money, and not to be shipped off as
merchandise. I trust that neither the principal
proposition nor the amendment will prevail.
Mr. KELLEY. I withdraw my amendment
for the present, intending to renew it hereafter.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend by striking out the last word. I
would not trouble the House with any remarks
on this subject but for the fact that I had occa-
sion last year, as a member of the Committee
on Appropriations, to examine this question
with considerable care. I then came to the con-
clusion that there should be at least an assay
office at Carson City. I came to this conclu-
sion in view of the fact that all the expendi-
tures necessary for the institution, except the
mere working expenses, had already been
incurred. The machinery, of the very best
kind, made under the superintendence of the
Mint at Philadelphia, was then on its way to
Carson City, and was to be put up during the
coming season. I was told that by the 1st of
January, at the latest, the mint would be in
operation; and I understand it is now in oper-
ation. The letter which the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations read was writ-
ten some time last September. The mint is
I now in operation ; and I think it proper that
the Congress of the United States should give
matters of this kind a trial for at least one
year. Since 1863 Congress at each successive
, session has been convinced of the necessity of
a mint at this point. There has been no fall-
ing off of bullion there; on the contrary, there
has been an increase, and I call attention to
the fact that this is the only portion of the
United States where there has been an increase
of bullion. Now, at the moment when the
mint there is just ready to start, we propose to
close up the establishment. I think this should
not be done until the experiment has been tried.
But do the committee recommend an assay
office at this point, for the whole argument of
the chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions was that there should be only an assay
office there ? What is the recommendation of
the committee ? They propose that this insti-
tution, with machinery which has cost nearly
four hundred thousand dollars, shall be closed
up and put in charge of two watchmen at $1,000
a year each. These watchmen are not expected
to assay anything, are they ? The pay of these
two watchmen, the interest on the money here-
tofore expended, the cost of keeping the build-
ing in repair, are all to be wasted rather than
make an appropriation to keep this mint in
operation. It seems to me this is bad economy.
But I put this matter on a wider ground. I
view it from the stand-point of broad public
policy. If we are ever to pay our national debt
in gold we must encourage people to get gold
and silver out of the earth ; for it cannot be
obtained anywhere else. We must encourage
the miner and protect him from fraud. Why,
sir, it has been urged, and I doubt not the prop-
osition will be pressed upon the House this
year as it was last, that this whole business of
assaying and stamping the precious metals
I should be taken out of the hands of the Gov-
ernment and put into those of private individ-
uals. I want to call the attention of the House
to the fact that this is the only Government in
the world that makes any charge for coining
bullion. Every tax upon the coinage of money
tends to cause the outflow of the precious
metals to Europe. I submit that we should
have our gold and silver tested, assayed, re-
fined, and coined in this country, instead of
paying a premium to have it carried abroad to
be coined and stamped as foreign coin. We
of the old States have had appropriations year
in and year out whenever our wants required
them ; and we ought to be willing to give the
same measure of justice to our younger sisters
that we ourselves have received. I look upon
that as broad public policy. The backbone
of the Rocky mountains almost separates this
country, and it does not require a great deal
of unhandsome usage and unfair and unjust
treatment, with the balance of political power
upon this side of the mountains, to destroy the
feeling of affection for a Union which operates
in no good to them.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, the Commit-
tee on Appropriations did agree to change this
to an assay office. That was the original con-
struction of the bill, and I was so instructed to
report it. I am willing to vote for the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Kelley.] We were induced to put it in
the charge of two watchmen, not by ourselves
but by those who are maturing the plan for
a more general, intelligent, and enlightened
method of coining the public money. That
is the reason why we propose to put this mint
for one year in charge of these two watchmen
so as to save expense to the Government. I
