422
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 20,
Senate.
Enforcement of Fifteenth Amendment—Mr. Fowler.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
government is subjected to national domina-
tion. But the penalty of the code is more cen-
surable than even its doubtful constitutionality.
It gives to the aggrieved man, whether actually
or otherwise, the right of action in damages,
with costs and counsel fees, at the discretion of
the court. The field for extortion, perjury, and
annoyance is illimitable. The inducements
held out by the statute for litigation bid fair to
fill the courts with cases, and multiply the race
of attorneys who fatten upon the vices and mis-
fortunes of the times. Integrity and charac-
ter will be black-mailed, and forced to yield a
ready compliance to the demands of cupidity
and insolent indolence. It places a monetary
value upon an inestimable and sacred right, and
tlius degrades the true value of the franchise to
the miserable consideration of dollars and cents.
The next section is of a similar character.
I will barely call attention to section five,
•which declares "that if any person shall pre-
vent, hinder, control, or intimidate, or shall
attempt to prevent, hinder, control, or intim-
idate any person from exercising, or in exer-
cising the right of suffrage, to whom the right
of suffrage is secured or guarantied by the
fifteenth amendment to the Constitution of the
United States, by means of bribery, threats,
or threats of depriving such person of employ-
ment,," &c., he shall be deemed guilty of a
highly penal offense, punishable by line and
imprisonment. The language is left very un-
guarded and is susceptible of improper inter-
pretation. It is extremely difficult to say pre-
cisely when an attempt to control or intimidate
another person is criminal or what an attempt
to intimidate might be so as to prevent or in-
terfere with the free exercise of the franchise.
What would intimidate one man would not dis-
turb another. Where one would see neither
wrong nor evil purpose, another might see a
monster bristling with a thousand deaths.
Again, who is to be tho judge as to whether a
person has been intimidated '? No one knows
that but tho person intimidated. He alone
can say that. If force or violence open, suffi-
cient to affect the mind of a reasonably cour-
ageous man were offered, the proof could be
made; but this section is not limited to this
kind of intimidation. The statute is no re-
specter of persons; it covers alike the hero and
the coward, and appears to my mind an effort
to supply that personal courage and independ-
ence which every freeman should carry in his
own person as the shield of his rights.
It is not my purpose to anayize these various
provisions, nor to object to the purposes <5T
tho friends of the measure. It is the interest
of every good citizen that the ballot should bo
held sacred. It is his duty to aid in main-
taining its sanctity. It is here that fraud and
violeooecan most effectually undermine all the
dearest interests of the people and render
the best Government an instrument of oppres-
sion and crime. The ballot should be pro-
tected by every safeguard that prudence and
experience can throw around it. Offenders
agaiust Ug free and just exercise should be held
responsible to the Stato for their corrupt or
violent interference. My opposition to this
measure is to the motives that originated it;
the doubtful authority upon which it is based,
and the impolicy of the departure from the
wise and prosperous course of the nation in
all its past history.
Ihe remedy for the free and righteous exer-
cise of the ballot resides after all in the power
of a well-established and upright public opin-
ion. It is not bribery and violence that corrupt
the decisions at the ballot-box most effectually.
The most dangerous instrumentalities are party
organizations and all their nameless machinery,
in whatever form they may appear. Among
them are leagues, rings, secret associations,
money, a polluted press, personal influence,
social position, fashion, &c.
Against the most baneful there is no legal
safeguard; against the more open and violent,
though least effective, there is. But here again
the remedy is effectual only when sustained by
a healthful public sentiment in favor of the
law. Of what avail is law in a community that
does not recognize its justice or its obligations ?
The violators are the persons who are to exe-
cute it. The juries, witnesses, marshals, and
judges, who have cognizance of the offense
and offenders, have created by their conduct
and words the offenses to be punished. All live
under the same influences; the same atmos-
phere, moral and political, is breathed by the
accuser and accused. The judge and juries
are not likely to convict themselves.
The fifteenth amendment has greater capa-
city, in its inactive and silent stato, to execute
itself than all the combinations of courts, con-
victions, fines, and prisons can give. Tho voter
becomes in every community a power to bo
courted or feared ; his good will will be sought
after by all parties; he will be addressed by
mild and persuasive motives. Violence will
be shunned by all. If repulsed by threats and
violence on one side, he will be welcomed by
open arms on the other. No party can afford
to repel its friends, and no public man but a
fool would dare to encourage such a course.
I will direct my attention now to the subject
of universal amnesty, or to that part of this
bill which provides penal sections against the
violation of section three of article fourteen.
1 do not, propose to discuss the propriety or
impropriety of the section itself. It was one
of those measures of a period fraught with
inconsiderate legislation, designed for the best
purposes, butdestined soon to disappear before
the advancing charities and expanding enter-
prise of a coming generation. Soon it will pass
to the tomb of forgotten passion, to be remem-
bered only as a monument to warn the future
legislator against the folly of putting his preju-
dices or malevolence into constitutional pro-
visions.
In the year 1865 the Senator from Nevada
[Mr. Stewart] came forward with a proposi-
tion for universal suffrage and universal am-
nesty. Everywhere among the enlightened,
liberal, and patriotic men. North and South,
it was hailed as the rainbow of promise span-
ning the mighty chasm that separated the two
great sections of the country. It was a sigh
of sympathy that breathed through the tears
and bloody sweat of war that alone could unite
our disjointed and desolated hearts. We were
not then, unfortunately, prepared to receive the
offered remedy. The breach has widened since.
Tho sections then plastic are now hardened
into opposition. The antagonisms have been
forced into still stronger and more unrelenting
hostility by severe, vindictive, subjugating party
legislation. The great measure of restoration
then proposed, but subsequently abandoned by
its author, is the only remedy for our existing
evils frhat can aid the influence of time and the
gradual changes consequent upon the war. It
is impossible to keep up proscriptions for any
length of time in this country. It is opposed
to the genius of our institutions and the gener-
ous and just sentiments of our people. Its
perpetuation will end in the disgrace and polit-
ical condemnation of its advocates.
The friends of universal amnesty are met
with the charge of sympathy with the rebels
and Democrats. The charge may be true or
falsa. It may as well result from a firm con-
viction that the good of the Republic demands
such a course. It may grow out of faith in
the principles of our political institutions and
a belief that equal rights to all is the safe
guard of the Government. Why not attribute
the cause to the proper motive? Why not
suppose them influenced by considerations
higher than the mere personal and transient
expectations of political rewards? Isthereno
period when political crimes are to be forgiven,
and when they must be pardoned? Our great
English ancestors have provided the most am-
ple remedies for political offenders. They
placed in the hands of their Executive the
unrestrained and absolute authority to oblit
erate all political penalties. Our fathers, pro-
foundly versed in the experience of the pa:,t,
and moved by the highest considerations, under
circumstances the most favorable for a wise
decision, retained in the hands of our Exec
utive the same power. It is impossible to try,
convict, and punish rebels by the wholesale.
They must be pardoned, no matter how dark
their crimes may have been, when they ceasc
or may be induced to cease their hostility.
They are then to be restored to their rights; as
citizens, to the full and equal benefit, of all the
privileges and benefits known in our laws. It
is folly and criminal perverseness to say they
may be pardoned and restored to citizenship,
and yet 110 social oblivion of the past. There
is no ground for charging the friends of am-
nesty with sympathy for the rebellion or for
rebels. It is a miserable political trap that
may catch a few knaves and fools ; it will not
pass undetected among the enlightened and
honest people of the United States.
Are forgiveness and reconciliation errors so
manifest that only those acting under the in
fluence of malevolence or perverted judgments
may advocate them ? Do they flow from preju-
dice, cupidity, indifference, or any of the self-
ish or destructive passions of our nature?
On the contrary, are they not the elements of
an enlightened civilization under its highest
possible conception ? Do they not, always
dignify humanity ? Have they not blessed all,
those who gave and those who received ?
It is not the passport to political favor. The
Iiepublican incurs only the condemnation of
his own party without the hope of favor from
those who are the recipients of his good will.
If the consciousness of having discharged his
duty to his country and his lellow-citizens be
any reward, he may enjoy this at the expense
of his political and social preferment. It is
the glory of the judicious politician that he is
found always on the lino of successful and
well-sustained action. He must march along
the broad and well-defined highway of party
demands, rather than through the narrow and
solitary paths of conviction and personal inde
pendence and responsibility, in the former
his moral delinquencies are distributed equally
among the multitude which no man can num-
ber or condemn. In the latter he is waylaid
and destroyed, without mercy or the hope of
support. His own receive him not, and his
enemies have no oil or wine for his wounds.
It is affirmed by the friends of amnesty that
their measures would restore Jefferson Davis
to the Senate. This is an argument addressed
to the most vulgar prejudice, and unworthy of
the Senate. Let us analyze it and see what
is in it. The charge is that we would thus honor
both the crimeand the criminal. But the action
is that we pardon one of the many criminals,
not to elevate him to position, but to enforce
the great doctrineof political equality, on which
our whole system, reposes. If be is elevated to
place it is because of the respect entertained for
him by a part of the American people. That
respect cannot be diminished by a continued
proscription, but rather increased. Is there
any reason why Mr. Davis should continue to
be proscribed while greater and more perverse
rebels are pardoned? If Mr. Davis should again
be honored by the American people through the
sublime beneficence of our free institutions, it
is no condemnation of them or those who advo-
cate them. The purpose is not to honor crime
or criminal, but to elevate and protect human-
ity. If bad men come within the embrace of
our generous and charitable provisions, are we
therefore to be dishonored?
