1436
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
have heard no argument that the State of No-
vadawill be benefited by the coining of money.
I do not understand ray colleague, [Mr. But-
i,er. J Last year, when he was on the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, he turned the mint at
Denver City into an assay office on the very
ground upon which we put this. This year,
when we follow in his lead of the last year as
faithfully as we can, although, as Virgil says,
with unequal step, yet we do not seem to be
able to do anything right in his eyes.
Another reason given by my colleague is
this: that we of the old States have had appro-
priations in the past, and it is no more than
fair now we should give as much to the new
States. If we were making a partition of the
public Treasury that would be all right; if we
were going to divide up the revenues of the
Government among the States, perhaps the
gentleman's suggestion would be all right and
proper; but if we are to expend public money
according to our judgment so as to secure the
best interests of the Government, and only as
it may be required, then a different rule should
control our action in this House.
As to the other argument I will say nothing,
bat leave it to those who have been insulted
by the insinuation to hurl the insult back. He
says that unless we give them as much as we
have received in the way of these appropriations
they will dissolve their connection with this
Union. If the gentlemen representing those
fefcite6 do not feel insulted by it I will not under-
take to defend them from the imputation con-
veyed by my colleague's language, that unless
they have this appropriation of $91,000 they
will begin to took about them to see whether
it is not time lo dissolve their connection with
this Union. That is an argument I da not feel
called upon to angwer.
1 believe that the gentlemen who represent
the new Slates, as well as those who represent
the old States, are here to expend the public
money according to the best interests of the
Government and not for any other reason. I
will not expend $4,000,000 to build a post
office in the city of New York, or $3,000,000
to build one in the city of Boston. I will not
vote one red cent unless the public interests
require it. I will not have it thrown at me that
I am voting money for my own State when there
is no pressing necessity for it. I am opposed
to voting the public money away in any of the
States for any purpose until we are fully satis-
fied by a careful examination that it is needed
for the proper service of the Government.
The question is whether an assay office is not
all the interests of the Government require in
the State of Nevada, which is but a short dis-
tance from San Francisco, to which mint the
bullion can be sent to be coined into dollars.
Cannot the coining of bullion on this side of
the mountains be better done at Philadelphia,
and that on the other side at San Francisco?
After it is assayed and stamped it is merchan-
dise, and it goes into the service of the mer-
chant, in to general traffic. Ithasallthequalities
of merchandise, and hasall the value and profit
to its owner that merchandise can possibly
have. The desire by a particular State to have
a mint established arises from a natural pride
in its resources and the feeling that it may
assist in urging forward public works in that
State, but we should not yield to this at the
expense of depleting the Treasury of the Gen-
eral Government. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. AXTELL. I renew it, and yield the
floor to the gentleman from Nevada.
Mr. FITCH. Mr. Chairman, I am very sorry
that the Pacific railroad passes through so deso-
late and uninteresting a portion of my State.
I am very sorry that the gentlemen who jour-
neyed to the Pacific coast last summer, whether
members of the House or officers of the Gov-
ernment connected with the various Depart-
ments, did not find time to leave the railroad
at Elko or at Reno to visit the rich mines and
thriving cities of Nevada: and I especially
regret that when those gentlemen reached San
Francisco they should have accepted without
comment or inquiry the statement that a mint
was not needed in Carson. I suspect that the
merchants and bankers of that city, who dis-
pensed princely hospitality from profits made
in handling the products of Nevada, whispered
into the ears of gentlemen the secret that a
mint was not needed in Nevada because the
San Francisco institution could do allthecoin-
ing, and private refineries, controlled perhaps
by their hospitable entertainers, could do all
the melting and refining. I acquit, in advance,
the gentleman from the Philadelphia district
[Mr. Kblley] upon this point, because I be-
lieve he did visit Carson City. 1 believe he
was the only member from the Atlantic coast
who went there I acquit the delegation from
Pennsylvania of having influenced or inspired
the report of the Director of the Philadelphia
Mint referred to by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Dawes.] But I conjecture,
nevertheless, that this report with reference to
the course of trade or probable coining of
money at the Carson mint was influenced by
parties who received their inspiration from
those who desired to put au end to or to pre-
vent coining in Nevada, in order that a mo-
nopoly, whose name I will not mention here,
may carry out its purpose of controlling the
bullion trade on the Pacific coast.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kel-
ley] offers an amendment which I cannot con-
sent to. He proposes to give for the melting
and refining of the $15,000,000 in gold and
silver—that is seventeen or eighteeu million
dollars in currency—thatNevada produces, the
same amount of money voted for the melting
and refining the $1,000,000 of gold and silver
which Colorado produces. If the Carson branch
does not prove useful as a mint, it is not likely
to be useful as an assay office. I can see no rea-
son why the $15,000,000 of gold and silver pro-
duced in Nevada cannot be coined at Carson
City as well as at San Francisco. The Director
of the Philadelphia Mint may be a very wise
man ; but who is so wise that he can predict
events or shape the courses of commerce, or
say to the tides of trade," Thus far shalt thou
go but no further," or tell how long it will be
before round and ringing silver coin made in
Nevada will take the placeof the fractional cur-
rency now in circulation? Who will say how
long the $15,000,000 of gold and silver pro-
duced annually in Nevada will go to San Fran-
cisco to be melted, refined, and coined, and
thence be transported by the Isthmus of Pan-
ama or the overland roud to New York; or
who will say how long this profitless journey
from Westto East and from East to WestBhall
be continued ? 1 have the hope that with a mint
established there, not only to assay but to coin
the bullion which Nevada produces, the mer-
chants and bankers of the eastern States, with
their customary enterprise, will provide for its
transmission across the continent by the over-
land route, instead of going 'many hundred
miles to San Francisco to be coined.
Now, one word with reference to the argu-
ment of the distinguished gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations, as to the propriety of having
the productions of a country reduced to a shape
where they may be used in the vicinity where
they are produced. There is an extensive in-
stitution in the gentleman's own town, a Gov-
ernment armory for the manufacture of arms
at Springfield; and there is neither coal, nor
iron, nor wheat produced in that vicinity. Sir,
I make no threats, and I did not understand
that the gentleman from the fifth district of
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] made any threats
with reference to the possible action of the
Pacific States, If he made such a remark, I
did not hear it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I did not.
Mr. FITCH. I thought not, and I will not
further refer to the remarks of the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations [Mr.
Dawes] on this subject, bktftaafe I dedlihe ta
be involved in or injected into any controversy
between the two gentlemen from Massachu-
setts, and I am very sorry to see that we cannot
! even discuss the question of a mint in Nevada
! without provoking fresh contest and renewed
hostilities between them. Now, sir, the appro-
priation asked for would be economical to the
Government. An assay office is something
that would not be useful to the people. They
want their bullion melted, refined, and coined,
and they can see no reason why it should go
to San Francisco for any part of that process.
I hope the Government will not decide to close
the doors of this institution, which has cost it
hundreds of thousands of dollars, without at
least giving us a chance to see whether we
will coin gold and silver or whether it will not
, be coined there.
j Mr. BLAIR. I had the fortune, the good for-
tune no doubt, to do lastsuinmer precisely what
| the gentleman from Nevada is sorry nobody
did but the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Kelley.] I left the Central Pacific railroad at
Truckee and passed through Carson City to
Virginia City. I saw the mint at Carson City,
in company with a good many gentlemen who
were with me, some of them from east of the
mountains and some of them from the State
of Nevada itself. This subject was talked of
at the time; our attention was naturally called
to it. We found Carson City to be a little vil-
lage with a few hundred inhabitants, and it did
not seem particularly to require a mint or any-
thing of the sort. To be sure,a very fine build-
! ing has been erected there, and the machinery,
i I presume, was unexceptionable, as there had
been money enough to buy and transport it
there. As to what business there was to do
the matter was mentioned frequently, and I do
assure the committee that gentlemen of Nevada
treated it as a joke. We were told distinctly
by gentlemen there on the ground that there
was no earthly necessity for it; that there never
had been any; that it was one of those funny
jobs that get through Congress, nobody knows
how and nobody knows when; but there it was.
We talked with the man who was operating
the mint.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will thegentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. BLAIR. No, sir; I beg the gentle-
man's pardon, but five minutes do not admit
of conversation. This subject was talked over,
as I was saying, with the gentleman who has
charge of the mint. We asked him what he
expected to do. He made rather a funny face
over it and said he expected to coin anything
that came there to be coined. We asked him
if he really thought there was much that was
likely to come there to be coined, and he told
us that was a matter of doubt; he could not
say as yet.
1 Mr. FITCH. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman who that was?
Mr. BLAIR. If gentlemen will let me have
the opportunity, I think I shall meet the points
they might question me on. The truth is, those
| very mines at the Comstock lode, which are fif-
j teen miles away from Carson City, are owned in
San Francisco. The bullion which is made
| there goes directly to San Francisco. I learned
in Virginia City, from a gentleman at the bank
! there, who has the agency of the Bank of Cali-
fornia, iu San Francisco, that out of some
twenty-odd companies fully twenty of them
1 were under the control of San Francisco and
San Francisco capital; that the silver which
is the product of that country went to San
Francisco for exportation abroad or to the
East; that it was not desirable nor profitable
to coin it there in Nevada; that it was better
that it should go abroad in the form of bullion,
i Now, as to an assay office, I am sorry that
this institution is at Carson City; it ought to
be at Virginia City if it i8 to be used for the
purpose of an assay office. As we all under-
stand, these mining companies all have their
: own assayers; but it is very well, I suppose,
to h&*e a Ctttttatiieht Government assay 6ffice.
