5212
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.-
July 5,
Mr. SPRAGUE. At the end of this current
year there was—
In warehouse $62,457,783 00
The year before    47,735,567 00
Increase this year.... #1-4,782,216 00
Total sum of goods entered into ware-
house..... $181,265,028 00
Total withdrawn  183,773,259 00
AVliole sum of goods entered intoware-
house andconsuraption  358,733,098 SO
Duties collected on same  100,511,679 08
Duties withheld for three years on
goods in warehouse, 862,457,783, say... 26,000,000 00
Loss of interest at six percent  5,000.000 00
lleexported  6,119,103 00
The whole design of Walker was to facilitate
the tradecomprehendedin $6,119,108. Instead
of which S388,773,259 of the $358,733,098 30
is entered, contrary to the original intent of
Walker in the establishment of the system.
In a few years every dollar of imports will
be put into bond. The expense is becoming
enormous, and fraud on the revenue finds in
the bonded warehouse its greater abettor. It
was established in the interest of slavery which
opposed the tariff, and the loaning of the credit
of the Governmentto the amount of the duties.
Sixteen thirty-sixths of $183,778,098 38, the
amount entered in bond, is $82,000,000. It is
on this account that the merchants in the inte-
rior desire the change proposed by this bill, to
get a loan of the credit of the Government on
$82,000,000.
By this bill every steamboat and railroad
becomes a bonded warehouse. Is this new
expense to be borne bythe Government? If
so, the buildings and expenditures in New
York, Boston, &c., will be required in the in-
terior, and thisitem is worthy of consideration.
An amendment like the internal revenue should
be borne by the owner of the goods. Besides
all this, most of our importing business hf>,s
come into the hauds of the most unscrupulous
persons, and you open a larger hole for fraud.
There is no sense in comparing our system
with Europe. We import nothing but man-
ufactured goods; they import nothing but raw
material. Our duties are levied on an entirely
different class of goods, and our duties are enor-
mous, compared with the nations of Europe.
The only solution of (his question is to re-
quire payment of duties on entry, and then let
them be transported into any district in the
country. I intended to have voted for this
amendment, because there would be so little
revenue collected as to demand its abolition
after a time, but in deference to my friend from
Michigan [ shall vote against it.
The PRESIDING OFFICE It. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Michigan to the amendment.
Mr. CORBETl'. I desire to amend that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ There can-
not be a further amendment; this is an amend-
ment in the second degree. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Mich-
igan to the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. CORBEIT. Now I offer my amend-
ment, to insert after the word "entry" the
words "and to the city of Portland, Oregon." j
I simply desite to say that Portland is a place
of supply for one largo interior country, and
goods arriving iu San Francisco have been
detained there for a long time, though ships run
diiectly to Portland and goods can be shipped
there in bond, and it does more business than
any town in the interior of one hundred and
fifty thousand inhabitants. There are mercan-
tile houses there doing a business of a million
a year. It is peculiarly situated; there are
lour or five hundred merchants there. It is
peculiarly a mercantile place, and I hope there
will be no objection to including it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Oregon to the amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. If we put on Portland,
Oregon, we cannot refuse to put on a great
many other cities, even of smaller size.
Mr. CORBBTT. Portland is the second city
on the Pacific coast in point of business, and
I wish to have this advantage to that point as
the distributing point for Oregon and the Ter-
ritories of Washington, Idaho, aud Montana,,
it is a port of entry, and this facility ought to
be extended to it, and I hope the Senator from
Ohio will not object.
Mr. SHERMAN. We ought to adopt a gen-
eral rule and stand by it, fall where it will.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator ironi
Oregon to the amendment.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 14, noes 23.
Mr. CORBETT cailcd for the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A sufficient
number of Senators not rising to second the
call, the yeas and nays are not ordered, and
the amendment to the amendment is rejected.
Mr. MORTON. I move to amend the
amendment by inserting after the words "port
of entry" the words "or port of delivery."
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from Vermont, [Mr. Mouhili,,] to strike out
and insert.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. After the
word "importation," inline nine, my propo-
sition is to insert " Cincinnati, Chicago, Sr..
Louis, Philadelphia, and Boston."
Mr. TRUMBULL. Originally tin attempt
was made to insert places; but after consulta-
tion among the friends of the measure it was
thought better to make the general provision
as we now have it. The Senator's amendment,
it will be seen, cuts out Baltimore, St. Louis,
and quite a number of places. Nearly all the
goods, since the establishment of the steam
line, come to New York city; and I think it
would be better to have the bill as it has now
been amended on the motion of the Senator
from Michigan. I think it better to have it as
it is.
The Senator from Vermont is known to be
opposed to the bill, and although 1 should be
satisfied, as far as my State is concerned locally,
with the naming of the places, as the friends
of the measure have agreed to the proposition
as now amended, 1 hope we shall stand by it
and not adopt the amendment.
M r. PATTERSON. 1 think if this measure
is to be adopted at ail, the more we cau restrict
it the better. I think it should be made rather
an experiment at first than extended to all the
interior cities.
My duties have led me to investigate some-
what the frauds which have been practiced on
the Government in the transportation of goods
in bond. For instance, on the coast of Texas
we have three cities, Galveston, Corpus Cliristi,
and Brazos de Santiago, at which goods are
entered in bond, and then allowed to be taken
to the Rio Grande and transported over the
river, where they are discharged on a certificate
Iron: a consul or from two merchants. We find
in examining into the transportation of goods
there that llie Government is defrauded to the
extent of hundreds of thousands of dollars an-
nually by parties who make it their sole busi-
ness to cheat the Government out of its just
dues. They take the goods, for instance, out
of the warehouse, take them sometimes over
the river, get the certificate, and they are im-
mediately smuggled back over the river and
then distributed through Texas and Louisiana
and all the States in that region. In other
cases they are simply taken a little way from
the custom-house up into the chaparral, and
there two merchants, in collusion with the smug-
glers, give a certificate, and the bond is released.
The goods are never taken oat of the United
States, but are scattered over all the States
there, so that a large part of the goods which
enter the bonded warehouses never go over
the Rio Grande, but a?e, simply taken ftp into
the chaparral and thaascattgred over the south"
western States. . .. : _ . *"
■ .'Again, it was the duty of a committee of
which I am a member to examine the trans-:
portaition of goods from New York' to Sa;n
Francisco, and the reverse, by the way of the •
Isthmus of Panama. The Government found
that it was impossible to prevent frauds which
were practiced upon it in the transportation of
goods over the Isthmus. To illustrate the
ingenuity of those professional smugglers and .
cheats who live upon the Isthnius, let me give
you one way in which they defrauded the Gov-
ernment. A box, for instance, purporting to
be filled with silks, would start for New York,
and pass over the Isthmus on the .way to San
Francisco. On the manifest of the vessel it
would be a box of silks, but instead of putting
silks in the box they would fill it with perhaps
New York Tribunes or some other papers, take
it down to the Isthmus, take off the cover of
the box, and put in silks. Aspinwall and Pan-
ama being free ports of entry, they would put
in the most valuable silks there which had
never paid duty, and they would pass up to
San Francisco and go in, of course, free, so
that the legitimate importers were driven from
the business by these scoundrels, who made it
their business to cheat the Government of the
United States. So also, on the reverse voyage,
opium and cigars were smuggled into the city
of New York. This is one way in which they
would do it. Certain parties 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator's five minutes have expired.
Mr. PATIERSON. I have just begun, Mr.
President.
ThePRBSIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont to the amendment.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, on this general
subject, in the face of the lecture which my
friend from Michigan has read to the lawyers
of the Senate, I do not rise to oppose the ex-
perience of a lawyer to the experience of a mer-
chant; but if the lawyers are brought so much,
in contact with the intelligent merchants of the
country as his experience suggests, he having
twenty of them in his employ, conceding an
average amount of intelligence to the lawyers,
and the merchants, it might reasonably be sup-
posed that that contact would give the lawyers
a little idea of the business of the merchants.
Now, sir, as this measure is attacked upon
the ground that if adopted the merchants of
the country who are engaged in this transport-
ation to the interior, towns will commit such
great frauds upon the revenue that we ought
not to adopt it. I trust the experience after
it is adopted will bo such that such merchants
as my friend from Michigan, who live so far
inland, will so conduct themselves that they
will never need the services of his twenty,
lawyers to defend them for having imposed on
the Government in. the execution of this law.
But, sir, I rise to give the experience of mer-
chants and not my opinion. I have been
spoken to by many merchants of Philadelphia,
importers, on this question, and many of the
objections which might be made to interior
towns, such, for instance, as the absence of
appraisers and of experts, cannot be urged to-
extending this experiment at all events to other
sca-port towns where there are officers of this
class.
Ihe merchants of Philadelphia state this to
me as a fact: that after they have been ap-
prised by telegraph that a steamer has left;
Liverpool, for instance, with a cargo oa boards •
they have upon the faith of receiving their
goods made contracts for the delivery of a
portion of that cargo; and yet when it would,
arrive in New York they would travel to Ner •
xoi-k, go to the custom-house, see the:v«ry;
articles which they had contracted to deliver.
