4268
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
of great political struggles. If you look at tlie
records of naturalization in the city of New
York, as they were shown before the investi-
gating committee of this House a short time
ago, and whieh-are to be found in the printed
report of that committee, it will be seen that
almost the entire naturalization of that city
was eonfiaed in 18C8 to the space of twenty
days in the month of October next preceding
the time when naturalization in that State
would be effective.
In one of the courts in that city the natural-
ization was confined to the space of fourteen
days; in another court to twenty days. And
during that short period more that thirty thou-
sand aliens were naturalized, according to the
testimony of the officers of those courts. In
such a rush and pressure of business, assuming
it to have been all honestly conducted, it must
be apparent to every reflecting mind that there
is and can. be no safety. Courts may easily be
deceived under such circumstances, and with-
out bringing a solitary accusation against any
one of the judges who presided during those
naturalizations, it is easy to sets that the conn-
try is not safe under a state of things that brings
into a tribunal within the space of twenty days
thirty thousand persons to receive naturaliza-
tion. I say there is no safety in tolerating such
a condition of things.
The groat difiiculties which havo grown up
in connection with naturalization, nearly ail
the frauds and troubles in respect to it, have
arisen from the fact thai, in the heated polit-
ical contests to which we are subject in I his
country each party is seeking by every effort
in its power to carry the foreign vote, and to
biing aliens to the courls for naturalization,
and to use every possible influence upon them
for the purpose ultimately of bringing them to
the palls. A system of naturalization which
is governed by such motives cannot, in the
long run, be otherwise than dishonest.
In my judgment all parties are in some de-
gree chargeable with tho frauds which are
alleged to have been perpetrated. I do not
undertake to shield my own party from such
imputations; nor. in my judgment, ought any
Democrat to attempt to shield his party. On
tho coiitraiy, we ought to unite in changing a
system which, in sober judgment, all must con-
cede has led, and is most likely hereafter to
lead, to the frauds of which wo all complain.
If wo adopt the principle that tho right of
citizenship isto become complete at some fixed
day after the issuing of tho certificate, for in-
stance, asthisbillsays, atsixinontlis,we remove
this business of naturalization from the excite-
ment of political strife ; we, carry it into the
business affairs of the country. Candidates are
usually not in the field six months before an
election. At that time they have no interest
in raisin;; funds and in putting agents to work
to bring aliens to bo naturalized. They have
then no interest in using those means which
have produced the results of which tho country
has had recently so much reason to complain.
I think itis, therefore, a just and salutary prin-
ciple to provide that naturalization shall take
ell'ect at some period after the adjudication of
the court.
This principle is not without precedent. It
is substantially embodied in the constitution of
my State, li.ivmg been inserted there in 1810
by (he Democratic convention, liy that con-
stitution no man can be a voter unless he shall
have been a citizen for ten days before the
election. The object of inserting that provis-
ion was to put a stop at some point before the
election to these naturalizations which were,
even as early as f 8It), becoming of a character
prejudicial to the public morals. The opera-
tion of that principle in 18G8 was, as it always
has been, to put a complete stop to naturaliza-
tion ten days prior to tho election. Though
up to the 2Jd of October in that year nearly
two thousand a duy were being naturalized in
the city of New York, yet on the 1'JUi of Octo-
ber not one w;is mi'.u.-aliz^d. It v.vs tl.o iinn
ciple of the constitution which thus arrested
the process of naturalization. If any papers
were issued subsequently to that they were
issued without the appearance of any one in
court, without any lawful proceeding to justify
the issuing of the paper. I do not say that any
were issued; I simply call attention to the
operation of a just principle in arresting natur-
alization at a certain period of time prior to
the election—a principle which has been for a
long time in operation under the constitution
of the State of Now York.
An analogous principle is recognized by
many of the States in their stay laws with ref-
erence to the judgments of the courts. Those
judgments do not go into execution until some
given period after the court has pronounced
the adjudication. The principle is analogous
to that sought to be established by this bill.
The alien is in no sense injured by its appli-
cation. It can make no difference to him
whether the delay of six months be before or
after his application. His probationary con-
dition is not changed. His certificate bears
notice on its face when it will end ; and if that
period be shorter than his necessary delay
under the present law ho is so much the gainer
by the change.
I shall not detain the House at this time by
further argument or illustration upon this sub-
ject, as my sole object at present is to show
tho House what changes the bill proposes in
the existing law.
The fifth section relates to the naturaliza-
tion of tho wife and minor children of aliens
who may be naturalized._ It provides tlnit the
children, being minors mid residents, or becom-
ing residents at any time before they attain
majority, shall, with the imturulizatttm of the
father, be made citizens. ft also makes pro-
vision for the children of citizens born out of
the jurisdiction of the United States.
The sixth scctiou is one to which I have
referred already. It will create a system of
relief in the Unitsd States courts by enabling
them to employ, for certain purposes under
the act, the Supreme Court commissioners and
commissioners in bankruptcy.
The ninth section makes all false swearing,
under the bill, punishable as perjury.
The tenth section, which is very long, de-
clares a variety of offenses under the law, and
provides for their punishment. It is an en-
deavor to reach the violations of this law by
false personation, by the using of false papers,
and by any process which may be devised for
tho purpose of making aliens into citizens
without lawful naturalizations.
The thirteenth section is designed to enable
the courts to teat the validity of papers which
havo been or may hereafter bo fraudulently
issued or forged. It is a false idea, in my judg-
ment, that Congress has any power to declare
by a general law that naturalizations heretofore
had shall be illegal. We have no more power
to lake from a citizen who has been lawfully
naturalized his rightsasacilizenthan to declare
that native citizens of the country shall not bo
citizens unless lliey establish their right thereto
before some tribunal. This section creates a
mode by citation, by summons to a party who
has in his possession forged or fraudulent
papers, by which he may be brought into court
for the purpose of trying' that question.
In respect to the mode of trial, it confers
power upon the courts to investigate the ques-
tion touching the validity of a naturalization
certificate on proper notice to the party, it
provides that no steps under this provision
shall be taken within forty days next before any
national, State, or municipal election, in order
that the provision may not be abused for the
purpose of preventing naturalized citizens from
voting at such election. It gives the amplest
opportunities for any person holding alleged
false papers to maintain his right to them by
establishing their validity. This is nothing
more than a provision for carrying out existing
powers, livery court has the power now to
cite any person who claims any rights under
an order made by that court to appear and
show cause, wherever the paper may have been
fraudulently obtained, why it should not be
set aside.
I will not now detain the House by reference -
to the various other provisions of this act,
except by a single remark in reference to the*
last section. It is a new provision, to enable
persons, native citizens of the country, who
have gone abroad and become citizens or sub-
jects of some other Government and afterward
return here and desire to renew their allegiance'
to the United States, to regain rights of citizens.
Under the present law there is no provisions by
which a native, who has gone abroad and there
become naturalized and who has returned here,
can recover his former status as a citizcn of
the'United States. This country has recognized
fully the natural right of expatriation. Con-
gress has declared by statute the rights of all
persons to expatriate themselves and become
citizens of another country than that in which
they were born. Such a provision as this seems,
therefore, to be .necessary for the purpose of
enabling citizens of our country to return and
renew their allegiance. I now yield the floor
to my colleague,
Mr. WAED. Mr. Speaker, on the 12th of
March, 1869, I introduced the following pre-
amble and resolutions, which were adopted by
the House.
"Whereas recent developments have shown that
gross violations of the naturalization laws have been
committed m various portions of the Union, and
that a large number of fraudulent naturalization
papers [lie ^altered throughout the country, and
have been used and are liable to be used in future
to effect illegal voting, and if this evil is permitted
to continue it can only end in the subversion of tho
ri',*hH of suffrage and the overthrow of tho Govern-
ment; and whereas it is desirable that the natural-
ization laws should be so modified as to reach these
evils at tho earliest period practicable: Therefore,
" Jiwolvcd, That the Committee on the Judiciary,
when appointed, be instructed to report a bill upon
the subject of naturalization which shall secure the
following objects; fitst, restrict the power of natural-
ization t.o such, courts and tribunals as will be less
likely from their nature and organization to engage
in 1'iaudulcnt practices and be influenced by political
considerations; second, provide for tho discovery and
surrender of the fraudulent naturalization papers
already issued, and prevent the issuing of such papers
in future; and third, amend exibting laws upon the
subject of naturalization so as to afford additional
security against illegal voting.
"And be it farther resolved, That tho said commit-
tee have leiwo to report upon tho subject at any
time."
The committee, in pursuance of that resolu-
tion, havo reported this bill. I have examined
tho bill carefully, Mr. Speaker, and I think it
is but just to the committee having it in charge,
and to my honorable colleague, who has had
the subject specifically in charge and reported
the bill to this House, to say that the bill seems
to be well considered, and that it meets in the
main the requirements of the resolution under
jvliich the bill was reported.
There is a single amendment that I would
like to make, and I hope my colleague will see
lit to admit the amendment to be voted upon
by the House. The bill substantially provides
that persons coming from abroad, having a
residence in this country of three years and a
half, can be admitted, by going through the
process pointed out by the bill, to the priv-
ileges of citizenship. I desire to amend that
provision by inserting in the seventh line, in
the place of the words u three years," the
words J4 four years," so that if this becomes a
law it will stand in this way: that a person
coming to this country from abroad and desir-
ing to become a citizen shall live here four
years and six months, making an abridgment
of the present time by six months.
Air, CONGER. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question?
( Mr. WAUL). My time is very limited. I will
yield, however, to the gentleman for a question
merely.
Mr. CONGER. My question has reference
to the point with which the gentleman is now .
dealing, I winh to ask him whether he is
