18*70.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
423
41st Cons....2d Sess.
Internal Revenue—3Ir. Biggs.
Ho. op Reps.
Suppose Mr. Davis should return to the Sen-
ate ; lias he or his advocates whereof to glory
m their course? Certainly not. Their debt
of gratitude is only augmented. Their failure
and their great errors are only made the more
evident. Their boast is only the badge of dis-
grace. Success in their cause was the only
avenue to honor. They lost everything, and
history will record the result as the just judg-
ment of a superintending Providence. I re-
pent, suppose Mr. Davis, should again return
to the Senate, should we therefore ignore the
immortal principles of universal justice and
equal rights because a few transient grains of
mortality may breathe the atmosphere of this
Hall for a few years? These men, be they all
that is affirmed of them, are of yesterday and
to-day. To-morrow they are not. The ever
nascent and eternal foundations of our free
institutions are destined for the good of all
men, through all the ceaseless revolutions of
the ages.
We must utterly overthrow the rebellion and
punish the rebels. How ? let me ask. By the
sword and the scaffold? Nay, verily; by mercy
and good will. We will rebuild the desolated
habitations, level down the fortifications, oblit-
erate every vestige of war, surround all with the
ajgis of equal rights and equal advantages, and
make the children of the Unionist and the rebel
feel alike the blessings of the riation. We will,
as soon as nature can, cease to mourn over the
sad losses of the sanguinary fields of strife and
madness, but dwell with eager eyes upon the
flowers of love and peace that shall spring up
from the drops of life that were poured out
there. We long to see prosperous cities, fertile
fields bending under their golden harvests,
steamers laden with produce making alive the
rivers on their way to the ocean cities, cars
hastening in all directions to minister to the
wants and happiness of all that dwell upon the
rich valleys and plains of the unfortunate South.
There was a period when war was the duty
of the patriot. For one, I met the responsi-
bilities of the times, and am content with the
part I took and the courage and fidelity with
which I met that great emergency. While the
contest was force I was its advocate. Now,
that the sword has been sheathed and the roar
of artillery silenced forever, I am the friend of
peace, and shall labor ardently and firmly for
that end. Here I propose to answer the ques-
tion, "Would you forget the war?" Sir, I
would extinguish every trace of that eventful
period from the memories of men. I would,
if it were possible, write our history free from
a single memento of the horrors or disgrace
of that dark period: for whoever has risen by
its influences has done so over the misfortunes
of his country. As that will not, cannot be, I
would, at any rate, eradicate all traces of resent-
ment and sectional hatred engendered by its
causes and its prosecution.
To effect this end I would most assuredly
erase from the laws of the land all statutes that
can in any manner tend to keep alive the spirit
of resentment and the idea of sectional subju-
gation. It is impossible to separate the respect
of the people for those who led their children
in battle from the sacrifices they made them-
selves. So long as their heroes are placed
under the ban of exclusion so long will they
resent the indignity, be it just or unjust. While
one section perpetuates the achievements of
the war, the other will consecrate the memories
of their lost by holidays and monuments,
ft is far from my intention now to surrender
to a cause that has cost me so much to over-
throw. That cannot be. It was the spirit of
liberty and equality that led me to seek for
ti niversal emancipation during the struggle from
its inception to its close. It is the same spirit
now that induces mo to struggle for a restored
country, with all its original forms and promises
cherished still in the hearts of the whole peo-
ple. It is in vain to hope for tranquillity so
long as the country is divided into patriots on
the one side and rebels on the other. These
destinctions must be broken down, by remov-
ing every appearance of resentment, partiality,
and vindictive legislation. The time has arrived
for that purpose. Let it be done, and done
generously and promptly. It will produce har-
mony and good will among all classes, by
removing a cause of perpetual resentment.
It is not the work of one year to convince a
people fresh from such a gigantic struggle that
they had no cause for their action. It will
require great forbearance and a long and earn-
est exercise of magnanimous justice to recall
that homage to the flag which bore their brave
sons to triumph on so many glorious fields of
the past. It is our interest and our duty to
work out such restoration of all our people as
will make us united in ihe future as m the
past. The conqueror can begin the work and
afford to continue it. If it were possible to
drive out or exterminate the eight or ten mil-
lion people there the operation would ruin
those who would effect the result without regen-
erating the loud. But the sword and the scaf-
fold can effect no reformation. It is truth that
can work its way through every avenue of the
South, and kindle anew in all hearts the long-
extinguished fires of love for the whole Union.
Not less fatal to all our long-cherished hopes
would be the perpetuation of the exclusion of
so many of our citizens from the full enjoy-
ment of the blessings of our institutions. No
man can properly appreciate liberty who denies
it to another.
It is considerations like these that I have
stated that lead me to oppose the enactment
of the highly penal and harsh sections of this
bill, which look to the enforcement of a con-
stitutional provision that must in a few years,
from the necessity of the case, be a dead stat-
ute. It is not that I approve the conduct of
the men who attempt to violate the Constitu-
tion; by no means. Their conduct is repre-
hensible in a high degree, for they have the
means of relief within their grasp. It will not
be overlooked that the third section, article
fourteen of amendments, makes an arbitrary
distinction, often punishing the most worthy
and least culpable. It is a provision not
founded in reason and not recognized by the
public conscience, and therefore not regarded.
To maintain it is a perpetual menace, and a
sectional one at that, calculated to call at-
tention to sectional advantages, feelings, and
interests. Nor is this the only one. Yon
cannot disguise the fact that the Government
is all in the hands of one section, wielded
against the other. Here is a northern Pres-
ident, a northern Vice President, Speaker of
the House, every committee of the Senate,
every important one of the House, every head
of every bureau, every head of every Depart-
ment either actually or relatively northern ;
the General of the Army, the head of the
Navy, the entire Supreme bench, and nearly
every circuit judge; and the distinct under-
standing announced that no southern man will
be trusted upon the bench, no matter what his
ability, his patriotism, or his services may be.
The present organization of the Government
speaks volumes. No apology can be offered,
no reason can clear away the dark clouds that
constantly threaten the peace and prosperity
of the South fiom this quarter. Will the cry
of Kuklux criminals, murderers, and assassins
satisfy the intelligent, honest, and upright mil-
lions of the South ? It may appease the dema-
gogue who stands ready to barter his own and
his neighbor's honor and independence for the
miserable consideration of place and the smiles
of his masters. Will the patriotic and honest
people of the North tolerate an inequality that
sooner or later must bear away their own lib-
erties into the. fatal whirlpool.of power and
uncultured ambition that have so completely
enveloped the South ? Will the vile slanders
that teem from the purchased and abandoned
press of this city satisfy either the Representa-
tives or the brave people of the North that so
gross a departure from the benign principles
of our institutions can be long endured ?
This Government is based upon the inviola-
ble dignity of each individual. It reposes upon
the principle of equal rights and common
interests. It is the partnership of equals and
knows no exclusive privileges. It is the com-
mon guardian of each, andisbound to the just
discharge of the obligation of protecting eacli
interest, section, and individualin every depart-
ment over which it is appointed to guard. It
is not enough to make bald professions or
private promises. It is a community in which
oach has embarked all his highest national
interests, and he demands the most strict and
faithful performance of the equal guarantee*,
ill spirit and in truth. Distrust is the bane of
our happiness and peace. It is the companion
of a miserable and vulgar resentment which is
inseparable from low and little minds. Our
great country, comprising every clime from the
tropics to the pole, every variety of soil from
the richest 'alliivious to barren sands, all the
fauna and flora known to the naturalist, the
grandest mountains and the greatest rivers
under the dominion of any one Government,
demand the most generous laws and the most
comprehensive administration of them. Our
population, annually multiplying its millions in
numbers and thrice multiplying its moral and
political forces by the spontaneous and self-
creative capacity of the human spirit commit-
ted to the free atmosphere for which its Creator
formed it, demands forgiveness of the past and
a common burial of all causes of complaint.
Our institutions are not the parents of penal
statutes, bolts, prisons, and inquisitorial tor-
tures. Under their peaceful and loving reign
fetters fall from the limbs of the slave, the
walls of the prisons are broken down, and the
office of the inquisitor spurned. The legisla-
tion of the Republic must ascend to the all-
embracing love of humanity in its highest
expression. It will be followed by a manly
independence and ageneral disapprobation of
criminal purpose and action.
Internal Revenue.
HE-MARKS OF HON. B. T. BIGGS,
of delaware,
In the House of Representatives,
June '2, 1870,
On the bill (II. JH. No. 20-15) to reduce internal taxes,
and for other purposes.
BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, the tax on incomes
is, in my judgment, uncalled for and in direct
conflict with the spirit of our free institutions.
1 honestly believe the constituency 1 have the
honor to represent on this floor are opposed
to the continuation of the law. Congress in
its enactment gave a solemn pledge to the
country that it should not longer continue than
the year 1870. The people then bore it patiently
and answered its demands with the full expect-
ation that it should cease to exist during the
present year. Look for a moment at the
swarm of office-holders you create by tins law.
The honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Ivelliiy] teldusyesterdaytheyamountod
to twenty-seven hundred and sixty-one, nearly
three regiments of men, scattered broadcast
over the land, sucking the very life-blood out
of an already burdened and overtaxed people.
The amount of income collected is reported
to be about thirty million dollars annually.
How much the Government received atter
the twenty-seven hundred and sixty-one office-
