1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5213
taken out of bonded warehouse by foreign
houses whose agents were there on the spot,
and those, goods sent to fulfill the very con-
tracts which they had made, for the reason
that they could not get an inspection and, ex-
amination in New York of their goods ; but
they had to travel back and forth, sometimes
as much as two weeks, day after day, before
they could get their goods; and then the time
for the delivery under their contracts had ex-
pired. It is to relieve such difficulties as these,
and it is to relieve many difficulties of this
character, that this measure is proposed.
The five minutes allotted to any one to dis-
cuss this question are of course insufficient
to take up and answer the objections that have
been made; but clearly the time has arrived
wlien the experiment ought to be tried for the
general convenience of the country, for there
are merchants, and many of them, who are
demanding it.
' The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont to the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I modify my
amendment by adding "San Francisco, Bal-
timore, and New Orleans."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont, as modified, to the amendment- of the
Senator from Missouri.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. CORBEIT. I move to strike out the
provision as to ci.ties of fifty thousand inhabit-
ants, so as to apply this to cities of one hun-
dred thousand inhabitants and to ports of
entry.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is not in order.
Mr. CORBETT. It is in order to strikeout
and insert.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator state his motion again?
Mr: CORBETT. To strike out the words
"and fifty thousand."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend- j
ment inserted was " fifty thousand inhabitants,
being ports of entry," and the motion now is to
strike out " fifty thousand inhabitants." That
would leave it apply to all cities of one hun-
dred thousand inhabitants, and ports of entry.
Mr. SHERMAN. That extends to all ports
of entry.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thmks that amendment is in order. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Oregon to the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I should like
to have the amendment read.
The Chief Clekk. It is proposed to amend
the section so as to read : '
Which are shown by the manifest oftho importing
vessel to be destined tor any city containing more
than onehundred and fifty thousand inhabitants and
a port of entry.
Mr. CORBETT. And to other cities being
ports of entry. That is what I mean.
Mr. CONKLING. Allow me to inquire of-
the Senator does he mean to specify in the first
place all cities containing one hundred and
fifty thousand inhabitants, and in the second
place, in addition to those, all other ports of
entry, little or big ?
Mr. CORBETT. All other cities being ports
of entry. Nothing less than a city.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator means,
then, to specify, first, all cities, whether ports
of entry or not, containing one hundred and
fifty thousand inhabitants, and second, all other
cities that are ports of entry.
Mr. CORBETT. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. That includes about five
hundred.
Mr. CORBETT. As it now stands the pro-
vision applies to all cities of one hundred and
fifty thousand inhabitants. Now, there are a
great many cities of one hundred and fifty
thousand inhabitants that are simply ports of
delivery, and yet do a large business, and that
are of more importance than other cities which
are actually ports of entry. It should be
extended' only to cities. Anything less than
a city it cannot be applied to.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Oregon to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment offered by the
Senator from Missouri, as amended.
Mr. BAYARD. I offer an amendment to
the amendment: on page 3, line seven of section
three, after the word "merchandise," I move
to insert "and shall cause the said merchan-
dise to be appraised and the duties thereon to
be ascertained by the proper officers ; " so as
to read:
That upon the receipt of the goods, wares, and
merchandise, and of the invoice and bond named
and described in the lore^oing sections of this act,
the collector of the portoi original importation shall
ascertain all the marks and numbers, and also the
exact weight and prcci.se dimensions of each and
every case or package of said merchandise, and shall
cause the said merchandise to be appraised and the
duties thereon to be ascertained by the proper offi-
cers, and shall transmit a detailed statementthcreof
to the collector of the port in the United States for
which the said merchandise is finally destined, and
shall thereupon deliver the same to the company
which is authorized to receive the same.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is precisely the
law now.
Mr. MORTON. It defeats the whole thing.
Mr. BAYARD. The object of this amend-
ment is very plain. It is to guard in some de-
gree against the possibility of fraud from your
system of internal transportation before the
amount of duties is ascertained. It will also
do away with the vast expense that I have ob-
jected to heretofore in this debate, of creating
this whole class of custom-house officers at
every new port to which this law shall apply.
As to this matter of giving a bond, a sufficient
and satisfactory bond, by the common carrier
by whom the goods shall be transported from
the port of lauding to the place of destination,
as I said before, that can but be a mere eau
tionary bond in an amount to be approved by
the collector of the port where the landing of
the goods takes place, and leaves the Govern-
ment open to proof still at any future time of
the proper amount of duties to be levied.
Now, in the first place, if the goods are ap-
praised at their port of landing, they are ap-
praised by men who are experts, who know
whereof they attempt to act and report, and the
objection ot having a set of raw, ignorant men
attempting the appraisement of goods is in that
way avoided. Nay, further than that, the sal-
aries of this double set of appraisers are saved,
and in addition to that the inducement for fraud
is lessened, because after the goods arc ap-
praised, after the amount of duties they are to
pay has been ascertained, there will be but lit-
tle use or little object in removing them from
the rail cars in which they are placed and sub-
stituting goods of an inferior quality for them.
The opportunity of fraud on railway trains
is greater than on any other method of trans-
portation known to me. In the necessary
course of transporting through the country
there must be hours by day as well as by night
in which those trains must lie upon some side
track waiting for the approach of other trains,
and probably by arrangement, so that a whole
cargo of goods could be displaced and others
substituted if the bill is passed, and the appraise-
ment of the goods shall not take place, until
they shall have reached their point of destina-
tion iu the interior. If the appraisement takes
place at the port of landing the amount of
duties is there ascertained; and the chief in-
ducement for fraud will be removed, and that
appraisement will have been accomplished
without the employment of a second set of
officers, and it will have been accomplished by
men who are expert in the performance of their
duty, and therefore much more to be relied
upon iu the collection of your revenue.
Mr. SCHURZ. I think if the amendment
offered by the Senator from Delaware is
adopted we might just as well strike out the
whole_ proposition ; and I think that is the
intention, that is the purpose for which the
amendment was offered ; and so I need not
say another word about it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Delaware to the amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. Before this amendment
is voted down, as seems to be very confidently
supposed it is to be, I wish to say a word about
it. I agree with the Senator who cries out that
we had better vote down the whole bill if this
is adopted ; and I would agree with him if he
were to say that we had better vote it down if
it is not adopted, because I have no doubt
myself that this measure, if it is to become a
. law, is to lead to great frauds and great losses.
Let us see for a moment the purpose of this
amendment. It is that at the port of entry,
before any opportunity has occurred after the
goods have arrived there for cheating, for dis-
honest exchanges, or other frauds to take
place in regard to them, the collector, the
sworn officer appointed for that purpose, shall
inspect those goods so as to know whether it
be a ease of silks or a case of printed or bleached
ginghams, to know what the value is as to the
worth of the articles and the duties which they
bear, so that when they have been thus identi-
fied and ascertained they shall go on their way
under this bonded system, which, having been
dismissed on the coast, is now to be revived,
with aggravation, it seems, for the benefit of
the inland towns.
That is the provision of this amendment.
What is the objection to it? The Senator says
it defeats the bill. How ? Does it take any
longer to inspect goods at the port of entry
and appraise them, if you please, than it does
at some other place?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Probably as a matter of
fact in this system it would, for there would
not be an appraisement under it in point of
fact.
Mr. CONKLING. But if we assume an
honest administration of the law, does it take
any longer to uncover a ease of silks in the city
of New York destined for St. Paul or Minne-
apolis, and see whether they did come from
Lyons, whether they are silks, or whether in
truth they are some coarser or some different
fabric ? Takes it any longer to do that in the
city of New York than it does iu the city of
St. Paul? If it does not, what is the advantage?
The advantage is that if you inspect them in
the city of New York you guard effectually
against a fraudulent exchange on the way,
whereas if they start from New York as silks
in truth, and when the case reaches Minneapolis
it contains some cheaper fabric or importation
bearing a lower rate of duty, if you have not
inspected them how are you going to know ?
I am aware that there is to be an invoice. I
am aware that there are to be those devices
which are now broken through, through which
a coach and horses are driven day after day.
Bat if we mean to collect the customs and to
have every importation honestly responsible
for the duty laid upon it, why should not an
expert in the city of New York or Portland or
Philadelphia, or wherever the coastwise port
may be, put his eye upon those goods and
fasten them as silks when they leave New York,
to the end that they shall come out silks when
they reach Omaha or St. Paul?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is not, perhaps, sur-
prising to find the Senator from New York
opposing this measure. He tells us that the
devices which have been adopted for the pur-
pose of collecting the revenue duties are driven
through by a coach and four. 1 believe that,
statement to be perhaps somewhat exaggerated,
but substantially true in regard to the collec-
tion of customs in the city of New York. It
has been notorious, I think before the Senator
from New York informed us of it, that the
