1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1437
I say nothing upon that subject. An assay
office might be desirable in Nevada, although
there is no great necessity for it; but assuredly
a mint is of no consequence there whatever.
Everybody there knows that it has nothing to
do, and will have nothing to do unless there may
be some great discovery made which should
render it necessary hereafter. 1 do not look
for that, but still it may take place. The
country is a new one, and there may be some
reason for it by-and-by; but for the present
I am very sure there is no reason at all for it.
This I state from knowledge which I obtained
from people on the ground.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. AXTELL. I withdraw the amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. KELLEY. I renew the amendment to
the amendment. The gentleman from Nevada
[Mr. Fitch] did me more than justice when
he said I was the only member of Congress
who visited the mint at Carson City. My col-
leagues on the Committee of Ways and Means
went through it and examined it as faithfully
as I did, and saw all that was to be seen and
learned all that was to be learned by persons
in a brief visit. Now, I desire to say to the
gentleman from Nevada, [Mr. Fitch,] and the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,]
if they believe I have offered this amendment
from any spirit of hostility to Nevada 
Mr. FITCH. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. KELLEY. Yes, sir.
Mr. FITCH. Will the gentleman state how
long he and his party were in Carson City—
how many minutes ?
Mr. KELLEY. We were there some three
hours, and I remember the visit with some
pleasure. I could have gone through a mint
much larger, with all its machinery in motion,
and have understood everything about it in less
than an hour. I am-an old mechanic, and quite
familiar with machinery and the melting and
assaying of gold and silver. I therefore went
into the establishment somewhat as an expert.
Now, with reference to this amendment of
mine being prompted by a spirit of closeness,
I am ready to say that while the mint would be
but a waste of money and a waste of labor,
there is a great enterprise in Nevada to which
I would be glad to accord millions could I be
shown that it was necessary. With my col-
leagues of the Committee of Ways and Means
I entered the mines, and eight hundred feet
below the surface of the earth I found the
miners working in a temperature of almost fur-
nace heat, and I refused to go another hun-
dred feet further down into the mine. Of the
miners forty-five per cent, die of miners' con-
sumption, caused by the terrible atmosphere
in which they work. At Davidson's hill, in
Virginia City, lies silver enough to pay the en-
tire national debt and to make the people of
the Pacific coast rich ; and a great man—not
recognized as such now, for great men are not
often recognized as such in their lifetime—Mr.
Adolph Sutro, ha3 projected a tunnel by which
the ores of these mines can be got to the crush-
ing-mill economically, and by which the mines
themselves can be ventilated. Now, if it can
be shown to me that private enterprise will not
construct that tunnel I will rival the gentle-
man from Nevada in the number of millions I
will vote to enable it to be done. That is a
work of utility. But I am told that the owners
of the crushing-mills at Virginia City and the
owners of the mines at Virginia City are here
with agents to oppose that great work until
they can get it into their hands.
Mr. FITCH. I do not understand that to
be the case.
Mr. KELLEY. I do; and I understand it
on pretty good authority.
Mr. FITCH. The gentleman must be mis-
taken in his understanding.
Mr. KELLEY. Now, while I am ready, if it
is necessary, to give aid to that great work, I
am utterly unwilling to waste money for the
purpose of adding to the risk of demoralizing
our coin, which would naturally result from the
establishment of a multiplicity of mints. I think
that assay offices would be of practical benefit;
and the illy-located mint at Carson City,which
I agree with the gentleman from Michigan [Mr.
Blair] should be located in the vicinity of
Virginia City near the Comstock lode, should
j; be used as an assay office.
[Here the hammer fell.]
message from the president.
J The committee rose informally; and Mr.
[; Scofield having taken the chair as Speaker
11 pro tempore, Mr. Horace Porter, one of the
!j secretaries of the President of the United
J States, presented a message, in writing, from
i, the President.
j legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
| The Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union resumed its session.
Mr. BECK. This debate has gone so far
that I wish only to explain in a few words the
reason why the committee acted as it did. We
were informed, and we believed, that any
attempt to coin silver in Nevada would cost six
times as much as it would to transfer the bullion
in bulk to San Francisco and have it coined
there. The Government has established at San
Francisco a mint capable of doing any necessary
amount of coinage, and there is a railroad now
running within twenty miles of Carson City
by which the bullion can readily be transported
in bulk. When this institution was started at
Carson City there may have been an apparent
necessity for an establishment of that kind there.
At that time there was no railroad through that
region, and no means of transportation except
by express companies, which charged for carry-
ing bullion three or four per cent. Now all
this is changed. The railroad running within
a short distance of Carson City will carry bul-
lion at a very low rate, perhaps one fourth of
one per cent; and the Government, by avail-
ing itself of these facilities cau, as I have
remarked, save one sixth of the expense which
would be incurred by attempting to carry on
coinage at Carson City. The fact that we once
believed a mint at that point to be necessary is
no reason why we should continue the establish-
ment now that experience has shown it to
answer no useful purpose. Suppose we had
spent $1,000,000 five years ago in building a
snip which by recent developments in ship-
building had been shown to be useless for the
purposes intended, ought we to keep her in
commission now and spend large sums upon
her annually ? Should we not rather lay her up
in ordinary? In the same way I say that in
view of the changed condition of affairs at the
present time this mint at Carson City is not
necessary ; and the committee saw no reason
why we should incur additional expense in
continuing it.
I yield the remainder of my time to the gen-
tleman from Nevada, [Mr. Fitch.]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has one
minute remaining.
Mr. FITCH. In the minute allowed me I
want simply to say, with reference to the re-
marks of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Beck,] that experience has not demonstrated
that this mint is unnecessary. Such a state-
ment cau be based only upon conjecture, be-
cause the institution has not had a fair trial.
I wish to say in response to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] that I shall
be glad to have him emulate me in the amount
of appropriation which I would feel willing to
vote tor the construction of the great Sutro 1
tunnel. But at the same time he is totally mis-
informed with regard to the object of the gen-
tleman of whom he speaks as being in Wash-
ington with reference to that enterprise. That
gentleman is the representative not of the Bank
of California, but of companies mining upon
the Comstock lode, who have authorized him
to ask a simple amendment to the Sutro tun-
nel bill, which amendment will not have the
effect and is not designed to have the effect
which the gentleman asserts.
Mr. KELLEY. Would it not affect Mr.
Sutro's vested rights?
Mr. FITCH. No, sir ; I do not understand
that it would.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted.
The question is first upon the amendment of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania. [Mr. Kel-
ley], to strike out the pending paragraph and
insert in lieu thereof the following:
Branch mint at Carson City :
For assayer, who shall havo charge of the said
mint, $2,500.
For melter, 82,500.
For wages of workmen, $12,000.
For two clerks, at $1,800 each. $3,600.
For incidental and contingent expenses, including
repairs and wastage, $3,000: Provided, That alter the
| 1st day of April, 1870, the branch mint at Carson City
I shall be carried on as an assay offico only, arid all
i unexpended balances of appropriations shall be paid
and covered in to the Treasury of the United States,
and all the offices not herein provided for are hereby
abolished.
i Ou agreeing to the amendment there were—
ayes 55, noes 60.
. Mr. KELLEY. I call for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment
| of Mr. Fitch.
| Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. I move to amend
the amendment by striking out the last word.
Mr. Chairman, I do not rise to discuss the
, merits of the pending proposition at any length.
. I simply wish to reply to some remarks which
i have been made during this discussion in refer-
| ence to the mint at Dalles, Oregon. That
i matter is not now under consideration, but
t gentlemen in discussing the pending proposi-
! tion have seen fit to place the mint at that
; place on the same or a worse footing than the
! one at Carson City, and to argue that it is
I absurd to construct or continue a mint at either
place. I wish to reply to their remarks now,
and not by my silence to acquiesce in their cor-
rectness.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] seems from his remarks to have heard
of the town of Dalles, in the State of Oregon,
for the first time. I supposed he was better
acquainted with the suburbs of the city of
Boston than he seems to be.
Another gentleman seems to think that it was
an absurdity to establish either a mint or an
assay office at Dalles. The town of Dalles is
not a large town certainly, it is not an old
town ; but the mint was located at that place,
in the State of Oregon, for the same reason
that one was located at Carson City, on the
ground that it was the policy of the Govern-
ment to coin the precious metals near the places
where they are produced. If that is a correct
policy, then there is great propriety not only in
having a mint at Carson City, but in having
one also at the Dalles. If that policy is to be
abandoned, the mint at the Dalles may have to
share the fate of others; but if so, let it be put
on that ground, and not on that assumed by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, that there
is no gold there to be coined.
It is not true, as stated by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, that there are no precious
metals there; it is not true that there is as
much propriety in having a mint at Barnegat
as at Dalles ; for, sir, for the last eight or ten
years a stream of gold from Idaho and Mon-
tana, Washington Territory and eastern Ore-
gon, ranging from three to ten million dollars
per annum, has been flowing through this little
town of Dalles, in the State of Oregon. The
town is large enough to accommodate the
mint, the population is large enough to furnish
facilities for having it carried on, and what
is more to the point, there is gold enough
there to furnish it with a large amount of
work. And I want to say just here that I do
not want the action in reference to this mint
at Nevada to decide the question of the fate
of the mint at Dalles. When that question
comes up I shall have something further to
