1438
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
say upon it. I have another remark to make,
and that is that it is difficult to estimate the
amount of the precious metals produced from
year to year in eastern Oregon, Idaho, and
Montana, for that depends upon whether water
is scarce or plenty. Last year, which was a
dry year, two houses in Portland, in my State,
shipped $3,000,000 worth of gold bullion, all
of which came through this little town of
Dalles, which the gentleman from Massachu-
setts never heard of before. I trust that gen-
tlemen who have come to Dalles and to Carson
City because they did not find gold lying
around loose or in sight will not conclude
there is no gold there at all. That would be
a, great mistake. I will not occupy the time
of the committee longer now; but I did not
think it proper to let the remark of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania pass without dissent.
Mr. DA.WES. I ask for a vote on this
amendment, and I want to see who are willing
to vote $91,0(50 for this unnecessary work in
the State of Nevada.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 68, noes 68.
Mr. DAWES demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Dawes and
Mr. Fitch were appointed.'
The committee were again divided: and the
tellers reported—ayes 70, noes 66.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Government* in the TerrUorU*.
Territory of Arizona:
For salaries of Governor, chief j ustice and two asso-
ciate judges. and secretary, $12,000.
For contingent expenses of the Territory, 81.000.
For interpreter and translator in the executive
office, $500.
For compensation and mileage of members of the
Legislative Assemb ly, officers, clerks, and contingent
expenses thereof, $20,000.
Mr. POMEROY. I call attention to these
appropriations. I move to strikeout "twenty,"
in the latter clause, and insert "ten," so as to
make it $10,000. I should like to have some
explanation of the appropriation from the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. DAWES. I do not think it is possible
to make any better explanation than the bill
makes for itself.
Mr. POMEROY. I think it is a wasteful
expenditure of the pnblic money. The Legis-
lative Assembly of Arizona is constituted of
twenty-nine members, who seem to be a heavy
expense to this Government, judging from
these yearly appropriations. I suppose that a
large portion of the $20,000set down as "con-
tingent expenses" goes to pay the rents for
the buildings which the Government use for
legislative purposes. The rents of these build-
ings amount to from ten to fifteen thousand
dollars per annum. The Government have
been making this appropriation annually from
the time those Territories were organized, in-
stead of erecting buildings for legislative pur-
poses, as-I think they ought to have done, and
thus saved a large expenditure of money. I
do not know that twelve or fifteen thousand
dollars paid for rentiug buildings in some of
the Territories is too much. But I say that
three years of such expenditure would erect
a building suitable for all Government and
legislative purposes. This Territory of Arizona
was organized in 1863. Since that time over
eighty thousand dollars havebeen paid for rents,
which is twice the amount necessary to erect a
suitable building. The same remark will hold
good with reference to all the Territories, that
the amounts which have been appropriated for
renting buildings are far more than would have
sufficed to have erected in these Territories all
the necessary public buildings.
Mr. WILKINSON. I wish to ask the gen-
tleman from Iowa [Mr. Pomeroy] a question.
Does not the printing of the Territorial Legis-
lature come into this item ?
Mr._ POMEROY. It does; bat, notwith-
standing that, I think I am safe in saying that
the Government has paid as rents from eight
to fifteen thousand dollars annually. The point
I am seeking to make is that this is an extrav-
agant expenditure, and that it would be much
more economical on the part of the Govern-
ment to erect those buildings at a cost of
$40,000, which has been exceeded by the
appropriations for reuts more than twice over
since the organization of those Territories.
Mr. DAWES. The appropriation for the
contingent expenses of the Territory is only
$1,000; but the appropriation for the compen-
sation and mileage of members of the Legisla-
tive Assembly, officers, clerks, and contingent
expenses thereof, is $20,000. That is what has
been appropriated from year to year for a great
many years in all the Territories. But if the
gentleman's facts are correct lie is probably
right in what he argues as an abstract question
of economy.
The amendment was withdrawn.
The Clerk read the following:
Territory of Colorado:
For salaries of Governor and superintendent of
Indian affairs, chief justice and two associate judges
and secretary, $11,800.
Mr. KELLOGG. I would ask the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations if the bill
which passed this House fixing the salaries of
the judges in the Territories at $3,000, will not
render it necessary to change this item as re-
gards the various Territories? I presume this
item is founded on the old estimates made
before that bill was passed.
Mr. DAWES. This appropriation is based
on the existing law. If the bill referred to
by the gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Kel-
logg] becomes law it may be necessary to
change this amount before the present bill
finally passes.
The Clerk read the following:
Territory of Montana:
For compensation and mileage of the members of
the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and con-
tingent expenses thereof, $20,000.
Mr. CAYANAUGH. I desire to offer an
amendment to this section. The Legislative
Assemblies meet biennially in all the Territo-
ries. In the Territory of Montana the Legislative
Assembly met last December, and will not meet
during the fiscal year for which this appropria-
tion is made. I desire that this $20,000 shall
be made applicable to the last meeting of the
Legislature, in December, 1869, and January,
1870, and therefore move to amend the para-
graph by inserting the word " last " before the
word "legislative."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Territory of New Mexico:
For salaries of Governor, chief justice and two
associate judges, and secretary, $12,000.
For contingent expenses of said Territory, $1,000.
For interpreter and translator in the executive
office, $500.
Mr. CHAVES. I move to amend by adding
the following:
To complete the estimates of the Secretary of
tho Treasury:
For the pay and mileage of members, officers, and
clerks, and contingent expenses of the late Legisla-
tive Assembly of the Territory of New Mexico, the
sum of $5,000.
Mr. Chairman, in the early part of this ses-
sion, on the recommendation of the Secretary
of the Treasury, the Committee on Appropria-
tions reported a deficiency bill, appropriating
$15,000 for the expenses of the Legislature
held during the present winter in New Mexico.
The Secretary of the Treasury recommended
$20,000, which is the amount actually required,
and without which the whole of the legislative
expenses cannot be paid. But the committee
thought proper to cut it down to $15,000.
Now, all I ask is that this additional $5,000
shall be appropriated, so as to put this Terri-
I tory on an equal footing with the other Terri-
1 tories as regards the appropriation for the
expenses of its Legislature. Without this
$6,000 the legislative expenses cannot be paid.
The expenses of tha Legislature of the Terri-
tory of New Mexico are greater than those of j
any other Territory, for tbe reason that all the i
legislative proceedings are had in the Spanish
language, and translators and interpreters are
required, which are not needed in other Terri-
tories. I hope the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations will allow this amend-
ment to prevail.
Mr. DAWES. Congress last session pro-
vided for biennial sessions of the Legislatures
of all the Territories, and that the territorial
Legislatures at their next meetings should fix
the time for holding the sessions. The terri-
torial Legislature of New Mexico went into
session last December for the purpose of fixing
the time, and they estimated for the expenses
of that session $20,000, the sum ordinarily
appropriated for a regular legislative session.
\Ve passed a special bill through Congress
before the recess giving tliem $15,000 for the
expenses of that session of the Legislature,
because we thought that it was a special session
for the purpose of fixing the time of holding the
regular sessions under the new law and for
transacting such other business as would neces-
sarily occur. The gentleman from New Mexico
thinks they ought to have had $20,000 instead
of $15,000, but the Committee on Appropria-
tions thought that $15,000 was enough for that
purpose. The gentleman moves to add $5,000
in this bill. I do not think the amendment
ought to prevail.
Mr. CHAVES. When the law passed mak-
ing the sessions of the territorial Legislatures
biennial our Legislature had already closed its
session, and it had to meet again this winter
under the law. They have been in session this
winter for the full term of sixty days, and this
appropriation of $5,000 is for a deficiency. It
seems to me that it is better to put it in this
bill than to have a deficiency hereafter. I think
it nothing but fair that you should put my Ter-
ritory on the same footing as all the other
Territories, especially when the legislative ex-
penses of New Mexico are necessarily greater
tban those of the other Territories, for the rea-
sons that I have explained.
The question was put on Mr. Chaves's
amendment; and there were—ayes 27, noes
, 53 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. CHAVES. 1 suggest to the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations that he
allow us to have a vote upon this amendment
in the House.
Mr. DAWES. I cannot consent to that.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Dawes and
Mr. Chaves were appointed.
The committee divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 63, noes 69.
So the amendment was rejected.
The Clerk read as follows:
Territory of Wasbington:
For salaries of Governor, chief justice, two asso-
ciate judges, and secretary. $12,500.
For contingent expenses of said Territory, $1,000.
Mr. GARFIELDE, of Washington. I move
to amend the claase last read by adding $500
to the appropriation for contingent expenses.
There never nas been less than $1,500 appro-
priated for this purpose since the Territory
was organized. The population is increasing
rapidly, and the necessity for incidental ex-
penses increases with the population. I think
the appropriation should not be diminished
under the circumstances.
Mr. DAWES. We give all the Territories
$1,000 for this purpose.
The amendment was rejected.
The Clerk read as follows:
! Department of the Interior:
For compensation of the Secretary of tbe Interior,
j Assistant Secretary, chief clerk, four clerks of class
four, additional to three disbursing clerks, three
clerks of class three, four clerks of class two, and one
clerk of class one, one messenger, two assistant mes-
sengers, and three laborers in his office; in all $37.*500.
And so m,uch of the act of April 20, 1868. entitled
"An act making appropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Government
for the year ending the30th of June, 1869," as estab-
lishes the Office of Education is hereby repealed,
and the Secretary of the Interior is herewith directed
to transfer the books and records of the said office to
the archives of the Interior Department.
