3826
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
so. He new goes to any country of thUkiud.
None of the Quakers have been there. It is
a couutry they do not visit; it ia dangerous
traveling on ihe mail routes.
l'hen, from New Mexicolbave a list of fortjr-
tour distiuet attacks made in one county m
IStiO. In every instauce they carried off prop-
erty aud killed a large number of mail-carriers.
1 have a detailed list of the cases in New Mex-
ico. Of course I do not mean to go into any
lengthened detail; but here is this constant
murdering of our people in the populous por-
tions, in organized counties, where the people
principally live. I have referred you to cases
in the principal counties of those Territo-
ries.
It is said there is no trouble on the plains.
What are the facts in regard to General Sheri-
dan's department? I think he has rendered
sufficient service to make his evideuce worth :
something against those who were never in an j
Indian country. I propose to have General
Sheridan's letter read as to the necessity of i i
soldiers in his department.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Ukadqcaktkrs Military
Division of tub Missouri,
Chicago, Illinois, March 18,18TO.
Gssriui: The further report of Colonel Baker In
wfereoeo to the punishment of the Piegan Indians
has not yet been received. |
It seesns strauge that there should be such a want I
of knowledge of the position which Army officers
have to maintain in reference to Indian affairs. I
have in my command at lenst five thousand miles of
frontier settlements, my chief and only duty being
to give protection to the families residing on these
Ions lines against the outrages of Indians. The Gov-
ernment has invited these settlers by opening the
lands to them for preemption and improvement.
The number of men, women, and children on this
extended frontier is very great, and there is not a
day from one year's end to the other that these fam-
ilies are exempt from the fearful thought of being
murdered in the most fiendish manner, the men
scalped, the women ravished, and the brains of the
ohildren dashed oat. When lsaid in a previous let-
ter that eight hundred had met that fate since 1862
I was below the figure and should have said twelve
hundred.
My duties are to protect these people. I have
nothing to do with Indians but in this connection.
There 13 scarcely a day in which I do not receive the
most heart-rending appeals to save settlers from the
cruel fate which may come upon them, and I am
forced to the alternative of choosing whether I shall
regard their appeals or allow them to be butchered
in order to save myself from the hue and cry of peo-
le who know not the Indians, and whose families
ave not the fear morning, noon, add night of being
ravished and scalped by them. The wifeof the man
at thecenterof wealth, civilisation, and refinement is
not more dear to him than is tho wife of the pioneer
of the frontier.
I have no hesitation in making my choice. I am
going to stand by the people over whom I am
placed, and give them what protection I can. We
nave not the troops to placeat each man's honse to
defend it, and have sometimes to take the offensive
to punish tor crimes already committed in order to
prevent the perpetration of others. In taking the
offensive I havo to select that season when X can
catch the tends: and if a village is attacked and
women and children killed the responsibility is not
With the soldiers, but with the people whose crimes
necessitate the attack. During the war did any one
hesitate to attack a village or town occupied by the
enemy because women or children were within its
limits?
Did we cease to throw shells into Vicksbnrg or
Atlanta because women and ohildren were there?
If the women and children were aaved in these
places it was because they had cellars to go into;
and should any of the women and children of the
Piegans have lost, their lives, I sincerely regret that
they bad not similar places of refutce, though I
doubt if they would have availed themselves of
them, for they fight with more f'nry than the men.
The soldiers do not want to kill Indians after long
years ot Indian frontier service; I am satisfied
that they aro the only good practical friends the
Indians have.
We cannot avoid being sbased by one side or the
other. If we allow the detenseless people on the
frontier to be scalped and ravished we are burned in
effigy and execrated as soulless monsters, insensible
to tbe sufferings of humanity ; if the Indian is pun-
ished to give security to theee people we are the same
pouiless monsters from the other side. This is a bad
predicament to be in, but, as I have said, I have
made my choice, and am going to stand by the peo-
ple whom the Government has plaeed me here to
protect.
The reservation Is the last ditch of tbe wild In-
dian ; but to get him there he must be forced on by
the troops. Those who think he can be induced to
go there by other means are mistaken. When on
the reservation he will have to be kept there by the
presence of the troops, and thus become tangible for
the good work of civilisation; and he can only be
P
b:
protected in his rights while there by the, troops
keeping off the emigrants who encroach on his land.
All these points are practically exhibited each year.
The Ohevennos, Arapahoes, Comanches, Kiowas,
and Apaches have just been forced on by the troops.
During the last j-ear, as soon as I withdrew the
troops from the Sao and Fox reservation, the
emigrants took possession. A flood of emigration
almost ten thousand strong moved in solid mit£S and
occupied the Osage reservation, because there were
no troops t horoto keep them off. All the other res-
ervations on wbioh tho Indian was set before will be
lost in tbe same manner unless guarded by tho mil-
itary.
Yours, truly, P. II. SHERIDAN,
Lieutentmt General.
General W. T. Sherman, Commanding United Statei
Army, Washington, D. C.
Mr. STEWAlit. I do not want to prolong
this discussion, but it does seem to mo that
there is an obligation on the nation. When
it invites settlers to the frontiers and organ-
izes governments there, advises them to go
there and settle, and when we are talking con-
stantlyof settlement, and having our emigrant
associations, which are favored by all the peo-
ple ; when the whole policy of the Government
13 to settle the interior, the established policy
of the Governmeut by every act of legislation,
does it not devolve upon the Government the
duty to extend reasonable protection ? I have
heard so frequently that the Indian troubles are
tbe fault of the settlers, and that they should
be driven back, and that this land should be
reserved for barbarism ; I have heard the Eet-
tiers abused in those Halls so frequently, that
I feel called upon to Bay one word in their
behalf. In the last six years, in the depart-
ment which General Sheridan commands, he
reports twelve hundred assassinations by Indi-
ans, and I do not suppose he has two thirds
of them in that calculation. These assassin-
ations were of men, women, and children
who are settlers, who are as good people as
any that ever settled ia New England or in
Virginia in early times. It is not the Indian
speculators, it is not the Indian agents that
swarm around your capital and divide the ill-
gotten gains you appropriate for a supposed
Indian amelioration who are murdered. It is
the pioneer that you invite to settle the vast
West; he and his family are sacrificed.
Now you propose to cut down the Army so
that there shall be no protection. Sir, you are
in no condition to cut down the Army until
you have protected these citizens ; and it is the
opinion of the War Department and the opin-
ion of the General of your Army that there are
not enough soldiers now for this purpose. The
duty and the necessity of protecting tj^people
of Arizona, of protecting the mail riPb from
California to Texas, for which you are paying
a large amount annually, are acknowledged by
the General; but he said Congress has cut
down the Army thus, and he did not feel dis-
posed while there was a proposition pending
to reduce it over ten thousand more, to reduce
it down to twenty-five thousand, to fill up the
regiments. He said he could not do it until the
pending bill is disposed of. The settlers must
be killed ; there can be protection to . them ;
the Army must be reduced 1
Now we hear from the South a call for more
troops. We hear of an organization in the
South known as the Kuklux Klan which is
in open rebellion, and you propose to pass bills
to empower the President of the United States
to suppress them. You have them pending
here for discussion and propose to pass them,
and yet you propose to cut off the Army so
that he will have no power to execute what you
enact. What is the use of passing them ? We
should certainly have thirty-six thousand men
now provided lor, the regiments filled up, and
we should certainly keep the peace a few
years before reducing the Army, rather than
let auarchy and ruin prevail. There is noth-
ing so demoralizing to a country, nothing so
expensive to a country as to allow its citizens
to be murdered. There is nothing that breeds
discontent so rapidly, that demoralizes, that
breaks down law and order so much as to allow
such crimes to be committed with impunity.
I tell you if we have laws we must enforce
them at all hazards if we would make the
people respect the Government. If we are to
pass laws for the protection of life and prop-
erty we must use the means to enforce those
laws, and I think it is premature to reduce the
Army. With a view of testing the sense of
the Senate on the subject, 1 move to lay the
bill on the table for the present that the appro-
priation bill may come up.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the Senator will
withdraw that motion.
Mr. STEWART. For what purpose?
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator desires to
strike out the first section I will not oppose it,
if that is the judgment of the Senate,
Mr. STEWART. Every other section is
being discussed. I think we had better go on
with the appropriation bill.
Mr. WILSON, There are but two sections
on which there can be a division.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senator
will yield to tne for a minute 
Mr. STEWART. Certainly; I withdraw the
motion to hear the Senator.
Mr, MORUILL, of Maine. No such motion
is necessary. This bill is before the Senate by
consent, and the other bill may come up at any
moment. This bill proceeds only by general
consent. Whenever the regular order is called
for I understand it must be taken up.
Mr. STEWART. Then I call for the regular
order.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the Senator will
allow this bill to go on for half an hour longer,
and see if we cannot come to some conclusion
in regard to it. *
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I would yield
to that, but it is very obvious that the expecta-
tions of the Senator from Massachusetts about
the passage of this bill are not to be met; that
there is discussion which may lastseveral days;
and under these circumstances, I submit to
the Senator whether he can think it worth
while 
Mr. WILSON. Will not the Senator allow
me a short time ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I cannot object
to that.
Mr. WILSON. I will not take up the time
of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Nevada withdraw his motion to
lay the bill on the table?
Mr. STEWART. I will withdraw itforhalf
an hour to accommodate the Senator from
Massachusetts ; but I have no idea that we are
going to pass this bill. If it is to be pressed I
have a good deal more to say. I do not care
to talk more just now.
Mr. WILSON. I will consent to have the
first section of the bill, reducing the Army,
stricken out if Senators desire it. My own
judgment is that it will be better to keep it in;
but if that is against the judgment of the Sen-
ate I am willing that it shall be stricken out.
There are several provisions in the bill that
ought to pass, and if the first section is stricken
out I do not know any other section likely to
create much division except probably the fifth
section, in regard to the pay of officers.
I wish to say, Mr. President, to the Senator
from Alabama that I know something about
tbe officers of this Army. Twenty-six thou-
sand men have passed through my committee
since I have been chairman of it, and that has
given me occasion to inquire into the men who
have been in the service. I know quite a num-
ber of them personally, perhaps as many as
any other man in this body. 1 have received
letters from officers all around the country
taking very different ground from what the
Senator says is the judgment, of the Army;
Now, I wish to take no further time about
this bill, butif any Senator will move to strike
out the first section I will assent to it.
I will say, in regard to one remark made by
the Senator from Alabama, that the sections of
this bill which refer to the General and Lieu-
