2382
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
April 2,
in the face. We have to raise a revenue. We
have to raise a large sumforrevenuepurposes.
I have voted to reduce the duty on tea, coffee,
and sugar to the point fixed by the commit-
tee; but I want to raise some revenue on those
articles where, when people pay a dollar, the
Treasury gets a dollar; while as regards other
articles on which gentlemen on the other side
desire to keep up the duties, as on pig iron,
where the Treasury gets one dollar, thirty dol-
lars go into the pockets of other people. Let
us think, and talk, and act fairly and squarely
on this subject, while we are providing a reve-
nue sufficient to keep up the credit of the
Government. We, 011 this side of the House,
are prepared to act in such a way as best to
sustain the creditof the Government, and while
we wish to reduce the taxes somewhat on cof-
fee, tea, and sugar, we desire to keep them up
to such a point that a fair revenue will be de-
rived from that portion of our consumption.
And now we are reproached by the gentleman
from Iowa, for the sake of somelittleadpojDii-
lurn argument, which he will thrust before the
people as if we were to be called to an account
for an honest vote to sustain the credit of the
Government by keeping up its revenue.
[Here the hammer fell, j
Mr. MeNEELY. I move to amend by sink-
ing out the last word. As I have been alluded
to in this discussion I desire to say a word
or two. I have hitherto refrained from dis-
cussing this tariff question, being content to
hear those better posted. I regret to have dif-
fered with some of my friends on this side of
the House. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Cox J is correct when I10 applies his argu-
ment to the gentlemen on the other side of the
House. They are ill favor of the tariff 011 pig
iron, and a variety of other articles on which
I think there should be 110 tariff. I take the
ground that there should be 110 tariff on pig
iron because it only benefits the iron manufac-
turer. I take the ground that there should be
no tariff on coffee, tea, salt, and sugar, just as
wo voted, or some of us did, during the last
session, because such freedom from the tariff
will benefit the poor man.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Morgan]
introduced a resolution during the last session,
declaring that taxation should be equalized, and
instructing the Committee of Ways and Means
to report a bill exempting salt, tea, coffee,
sugar, matches, and tobacco from every species
of taxation for Federal purposes, and impos-
ing a tax of 21 per cent, in gold on all bonds
heretofore issued or which might thereafter be
issued by the Government of tlio United .States.
1 voted for that resolution ; at least I voted
against laying it upon the table, which I regard-
ed as a lest vole. lam for that resolution now,
and that is what I mean when I say that I am
in favor of taking off the tariff on those articles.
Now, sir, if the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Loughridue,] or the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] who is over here on
this side of the House now, and seems so
anxious about my record on this question, will
favor taxing United States bonds and taking off
these taxes they will suit me exactly, and we
can vote together. To vole to take a tariff off
coffee and put it on pig iron is the act of a
demagogue to put a tax on coffee and refuse
to tax the United Stales bonds is an outrage
upon labor, and wo will see where those pro-
fessed friends of the poor man stand when we
come to pig iron and kindred articles named
in this bill.
If we put a tariff 011 anything it ought to be
on articles not found or manufactured in this
country. Then the tariff would go into the
Treasury ; while, on the other hand, a tariff on
articles manufactured in this country goes into
the pockets of the manufacturer in so far as it
is imposed for the purpose of protection. But,
sir, I am a free-trader. I believe that property
should be laxed after it gets into the country,
but I am opposed to any obstructions to com-
merce or trade by levying these tariffs. Let us
open the door to commerce. If it were neces-
sary that we should keep up the collection of
the present amount of revenue there might be
some reason for saying that yon should have a
tariff" upon sotue of these articles. Bat it is
not necessary to keep up the present revenue.
It is not necessary to have $180,000,000 col
lected in the way of customs. We can so reduce
the expenditures of the Government as to be
able to take the tariff off these articles whioh
enter into the necessary consumption of every
family in the country. Sir, in the language of
another, " I am in favor of giving every man a
tree breakfast.''
[Here the hammer foil.]
Mr. KERR. Mr. Chairman, I atn as much
in favor of free trade in tea, coffee, sugar, and
everything else as the gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. LouGliRinuu] or any other gentleman. I
would admit everything free* if it were possi-
ble ; but 1 desire to say that we aro here, not
acting in the capacity of theorists, but as prac-
tical law-makers. It is our duty to do what
we can do to relieve the people of this country
from the enormous burdens under which they
are now resting. It is 110 part of our duty to
say in a spirit of insincerity or huncombo that
wo will do what we know we cannot do ; and
it is useless for the gentleman from l'owa point-
ing to this side of the House to suggest that he
would make this thing free or that thing free, and
that we vote against it. He would do no such
thing, and ho knows it. He could not do it if
ho would. Why, then, does hegetupheroand
attempt this sort of denuigogery, and under-
take to place honest men in a false attitude
before the country?
The gentleman knows as well as any man
in this ilouse that what lie proposes will not
be done, and that his own friends would not
do it it' there were not a Democrat in this
House or in the country. He is too intelli-
gent, also, not to know that with the political
control of the country where it is and the cir-
cumstances of the country what they are, it
would be impossible for him to make coffee
free without adding the duty of $10,000,000,
which he would thus lose, to some other com-
modities 011 which it would bo from four to
tenfold more expensive and oppressive to the
people than it is on coffee. Ho well knows
that the duty collected on coffee is not at all
protective in ils nature, and only costs the
people what it pays into the Treasury. In
other words, it is a revenue tariff strictly and
properly, and the least burdensome that can
be imposed.
Now, let us see what the facts are ? The
gentleman from Iowa knows, and he will not
deny it, that the duty nowimposed upon coffee
costs the people of this country only 29 cents
per capita per annum, and pays in customs
ยฃ11,0-10,718 iii gold. Ho also knows that the
duty which is imposed upon tho different fab-
rics of cotton costs the people of this country
ยง2 01 per capita per annum, and only pays in
revenues ยง8,100,000. Yet lie would let that
duty remain, or, perhaps, increase it. He
knows that tho duty now imposed on woolen
fabrics costs the people of this country $2 72
per capita per annum, and only pays to the
Treasury ,$20,400,000; and yet, ho does not
propose to reduce that,, and if he would he
cannot do it to any extent which would relieve
the people, because his political friends would
not cooperate with him in that effort. I give
him notice now that when that partof this bill
is reached, this side of the House will put his
present professions to the test. We will see
how much he will then vote to relieve the
people in those most oppressive and protect-
ive parts of this bill which at the same time
afford the least to the revenues and pay most
in tribute to the monopolists. Let the reduc-
tions be made where they will most relieve the
people. That is what we want of this House.
This bill, as it stands, reduces the duty on tea
and coffee each 20 per cent, below the present
duty. That I approve and will vote for.
Mr. LOUGHUIDGIS. Will the gentleman
yield for an inquiry?
Mr. KERR. In one moment; not now. The
gentleman also knows that the people are com-
pelled to pay upon refined ix-on au annual tax
of $1 78per capita, and that the revenue re-
ceives only $6,290,000 therefrom; arid yet he
talks abont making coffee free, although the
duty ou coffee produces a revenue annually of
$11,250,000, and costs the people per capita
only 29 cents. Tho truth is, the duty on and
enhanced prices of these products of iron on
account of the tariff cost the people of this
country annually about $70,000,000, and all
tho coffee consumed in this country does not
cost so much per annum by many millions.
Mr. Chairman, I cannot better or more im-
pressively indicate the impolicy of the mode
of tariff reform proposed by the gentleman
from Iowa than by presenting here a tabular
statement prepared by a very intelligent and
competent gentleman to illustrate the relative
effect of certain duties in producing revenue,
and in enhancing the prices of commodities
consumed by the people. Let it be remem-
bered now by every gentleman that tie average
per capita cost per annum to the people of tea
is 24 cents, of coffee 20 cents, ana of sugar 77
cents, and that all the increased cost on them
by reason of the duty is paid into the Treas-
ury and none to the monopolists. Then exam-
ine and reflect upon the following table:
ft
T-*
<P
I
Total consumption with
duties added.
From foreign countries.
Homo production.
Average rate of duty.
Revenue to Govern-
ment.
Enhanced amount paid
monopolies.
Tax paid to tho Govern-
ment on each dollar
consumed.
Tax paid to the monop-
olies on each dollar
consumed.
Average amotfnt , of
duty, tax, and in-
creased cost 'per capita,
estimating population
at 40,000,000,
