1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1439
Mr. ARNELL. I rise to a point of order.
When this bill was referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union I re-
served a point of order upon this paragraph.
J submit that the latter part of the paragraph,
which repeals the law creating the Department
ofEducation,isoutoforder, as it is new legisla-
tion and changes the existing law.
The CHAIRMAN. If there is any gentle-
man on the floor who desires to say anything
on the question of order the Chair will hear it.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Arnell] reserved the right to
make this point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and rules that portion of the bill
out of order.
Mr. ARNELL. Mr. Chairman 
Mr. DAWES. I suggest to the gentleman
from Tennessee that there are several gentle-
men who are desirous of making speeches this
afternoon, and I propose to move that the com-
mittee rise that we may go into Committee of
the Whole on the President's message.
Mr. ARNELL. Before the gentleman makes
that motion I desire to offer the following
amendment, which I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Education and Labor to offer:
Bureau of Education:
For Commissioner of Education, $3,000; oneclerk.
At 81,800; one. clerk, at $1,600; one clerk, at 81,400;
one messenger, at $840; stationery, $600; library,
$1,000; collecting statistics and writing and compil-
ing matter for annual and special reports, $3,000;
exchange of documents at home and abroad, $500;
contingencies, $1,260—in all, $15,000.
I now yield to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts.
Mr. DAWES. I now move that the com-
mittee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and Mr.
Blair having taken the chair as Speaker pro
tempore, Mr. Cessna reported that the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
pursuant to order of the House, had had under
consideration the Union generally, and partic-
ularly the special order, being House bill No.
974, making appropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June 30,1871, and
had come to no resolution thereon.
COMMITTEE OF ELECTIONS.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have been
directed by the Committee on the Rules, to
whom was referred the resolution of the gentle-
man from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] in relation
to the mode of determining contested-election
cases in this House, to report the following as
a substitute for that resolution :
Resolved, That the following be adopted as a rule
of the House, namely:
The Committee of Elections for the Forty-First
Congress shall consist of fifteen members; and each
contested case may be assigned by the chairman to a
special committee of three members thereof for their
exclusive consideration, and such special committee
shall report their decision in the case directly to the
House.
I will make a brief statement to the House
in explanation of this report. The Committee
of Elections are now in an exceptional situa-
tion never known before, I believe, by any per-
sons who are now members of this House.
There have been in all before that committee,
since this Congress began thirty-five contested-
election cases. Eleven of these cases have
been decided, while the remaining twenty-four
are yet to be adjudicated by that committee.
In eight only of those twenty-four cases is
the testimony yet printed, and in those eight
cases the testimony now amounts to twenty-
nine hundred and thirty-eight printed pages.
Should the other sixteen cases, not yet in print,
have the same proportion of testimony, the
amount of testimony in all the twenty-four cases
would be almost nine thousand printed pages
which the Committee of Elections will have to
consider. Under these circumstances it is
manifestly impossible for the committee to get
through the work before them by the end of
this Congress; and with the difficulties that
beset that committee, the very great difficulties
inherent in the subject itself', it lias been thought
best by the Committee on the Rules to report
this rule as the most advisable way of removing
the trouble now existing.
It is understood, though we could not put
it into this rule, that the Speaker will appoint
five members to represent the Democratic
party and ten members to represent the Re-
publican party on this floor; and that the
members composing each sub-committee will,
of course, by the comity existing in all com-
mittees, consist of two Republicans and one
Democrat. And while the sub committee,
under this rule, will be entitled to examine
the election case assigned to them, and report
their conclusion directly to the House without
laying it before the whole committee, of course
when their report shall have come before the
House, if the House shall deem it best to do
so, it can refer it back for -the consideration
of the whole Committee of Elections. But
unless such special order shall be made by the
House, the report made by a sub-committee of
three on any given case will bring the whole
matter before the House for final action. It
is believed that in this way the vast mass of
business now before the Committee of Elec-
tions can be worked off. Although we would
not like to make this a permanent rule of this
House, to go into the body of our rules for the
future, we thought it advantageous for this
Congress to have such a rule adopted to help
us out of this difficulty; and I presume no
member of the House will object to it under
the circumstances.
The resolution on this subject referred to the
Committee on the Rules was too much a matter
of chance, and the Committee on the Rules was
not willing to report it as a principle of action
for this House. This rule we believe to be the
nearest to justice that we can accomplish. I
knowl speak the sentiment of the Committee on
the Rules when I say that we believe the whole
system of settling contested-election cases here
is one which we must deplore. It is a sad state
of affairs when upon the report of the Commit-
tee of Elections the whole House is found to
be divided by strict party lines upon what is a
judicial question—that of deciding the right
to a seat upon this floor. But while some
members of the committee, and perhaps all,
wished that we could report something more
fermanent and more perfect than this, I believe
am right in saying that it is the unanimous
opinion of the committee that the arrangement
we now propose is much better than the system
now in operation.
I yield to my colleague on the committee,
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Cox.]
Mr. COX. I will detain the House but a
moment. As a member of the Committee on the
Rules I concurred in this report; but I am fully
aware that the proposition as reported does not
reach that point of perfection which we would
all desire. I wish we had in this House some
such plan as that pursued in the English Par-
liament, by which all contested elections are
referred for decision to independent, impartial
judges, who hold courts in the various boroughs
and counties, and who report their decisions in
such cases to Parliament. But as yet we can-
not in this country attain so perfect a system.
We all know that there is a general complaint as
to the manner in which contested elections are
decided by the will of the majority in this House.
As one of the Committee on the Rules, while I
regret that we have not been able to agree upon
any better system than that embodied in the
present report, I believe that the adoption of
this proposition will mitigate to some extent
the evils which the House and the country have
suffered from the very imperfect reports of the
Committee of Elections and their imperfect
discussion in this House.
We all know, Mr. Speaker, that the business
of this country, especially the Federal business,
is increasing. Ever since the war the amount
of legislation demanding the attention of Con-
gress has been growing, and we have been
obliged to do more business than we formerly
did by means of committees. The Committee
of Elections, constituted in the manner pro-
posed, may save us a great deal of trouble, and
this measure may be the beginning of a reform
which will lead to something like judicial action
in respect to this class of cases. With this view
I give my hearty concurrence to the measure.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now yield to
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks.]
Mr. BROOKS, ofNew York. Mr. Speaker,
as a member of the Committee on the Rules,
I have assented to this report, not because I
entirely approve it, but because I cannot get
anything better, and because the method pro-
posed is preferable to the existing system. If
I were contesting a seat, no matter with what
party I might be politically associated, I would
raither trust to chance, to a lottery, for the
determination of my case than to any commit-
tee organized as the Committee of Elections
in this House necessarily is, one party pre-
ponderating in the committee in the proportion
of ten to five. There should be no party pre-
dominance in a committee of this sort. In
point of fact the decision of judicial questions
like these should not be left to members of the
House, though they are made the judges in
such cases under the Constitution. Some
properly constituted judicial body should be
charged with the duty of determining fairly
and impartially the facts in each case. The
present sy3tem is so deplorable that I rush to
anything better which the majority in this House
may be willing to concede to us. Nothing can
be worse than the existing system ; that which
is proposed may be better.
Permit me to express the hope that those who
will constitute a majority of these five election
committees, in each of which there will be two
Republicans and one Democrat, will try to cor-
rect the party decisions of the committee and
the party decisions of this House. In the polit-
ical revolutions of our time the party now in the
majority here will inevitably become the party
of the minority, and we who are without power
or influence will some day become responsible
for the decisions of this body upon election
cases. If I should survive and be a member
of that future majority I should tremble in view
of the fatal precedents which have been set
here. I know that if my party should attempt
to follow those precedents my sense of right,
unless 1 should become a changed man, would
compel me constantly to resist the voice of
that party majority.
I accept this proposition pro tempore, in the
hope that the wisdom of the majority upon the
other side will, during the course of this Con-
gress. devise some better system by which these
questions may be judicially determined irre-
spective of party prejudices and party obliga-
tions.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I yield for a
few moments to the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Stevenson.]
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. Speaker, I have
no desire to prolong this debate, but as a mem-
ber of the Committee of Elections I think it
right that I should be permitted to say that we,
so far as I know, highly approve of this propo-
sition, and for one 1 rejoice that it results from
the humble action which I took in moving the
reference of the original proposition to the
Committee on the Rules. I want to say one
word in justice to the Committee of Elections,
in response to what has been said by gentlemen
on the other side of the House. So far as I
know, the Committee of Elections^ have in no
case reported or acted at this session without
a full justification on the precedents made by
the party on the other side of the House, and
precedents which we believe to be sound.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. How many contested
cases are there before the Committee of Elec-
tions undisposed of?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Twenty-four.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I am glad there are only
