1870.
THB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8327
tenant General of the Army, instead of bring
a reflection, are a high compliment. There
was a feeling here to abolish the offices of Gen-
eral and Lieutenant General. They were both
preserved tor the two men who now fill them,
and everybody supposed when they should re-
sign or there should be a vacancy the offices
would cease. Instead of being any reflection
od ii is a compliment to those men, and 1 hope
no'idea of that kind will be thrown out here,
and 1 have no suspicion that they have such a
feeling. Now, if any Senator will move to
strike ont the first section I will not object.
Mr. WARNER. I will only say in reply
that I know the Army has never had any better
friend than the Senator from Massachusetts.
We all recognize that. We know he does not
mean anything of the kind. 1 long ago, before
the war ended, learned to recognize him as the
friend of the Army. I know that be does not
himself intend any reflection on the General or
theLieateoant General, and I did not so charge.
1 only say it is so regarded, in spite of the
intentions of the Senator from Massachusetts.
1 move to strike out the first section of the
committee's amendment.
TnePRESIDLNG OFFICER. The question
before the Senate is on the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Missouri, to insert
'■ 1870" after the worfi '* October," in the fifth
line of the second section.
Mr. WARNER. I suggest that that amend-
ment be passed over for tbe present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It may be
passed over by common consent. The Chair
hears no objection, and it will be passed over.
The Senator from Alabama moves to strike
oat tbe first section of the amendment of the
Committee on Military Affairs.
The question being put, there were, on & !
division—ayes 22, noes 12; no quorum voting. I
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, called for j
the yeas and nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. DRAKE. I think, Mr. President, if
there are provisions in this bill which the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs
believes ought, to become laws independent of
ihe first section, the bill should not now be
forced upon us, but it should be laid aside to
let the chairman embody in & separate bill
tiiose provisions which be thinks ought to be
retained ; and ia order to accomplish that
object I call for the regular order.
Mr. WILSON. I hope tbe Senator will not
do that. There is no reason why we should
not gp on with this bill—at any rate for a short
time. I think there are only two sections in
it tbat ean excite any opposition here.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. According
to tbe understanding of the Chair, the present
bill, upon tbe call of the Senator from Missouri,
gives way, and the appropriation bill becomes
'ie regular order of business.
Mr. DRAKE. Yea, air,
Mr. WILSON. If any member calls for the
regnlar order, mast the appropriation bill come
op on that call?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Tbat is the
understanding of the Chair. YVhen this bill
was taken up tbe present occupant of tbe Chair
did not preside, and according to his under-
handing the regulaf order, the appropriation
bill, was laid aside informally, and this bill was
taken up by unanimous consent, subject to be
laid aside at any time by a call for the regular
order.
Mr. WILSON. A few minutes ago I asked
hall an hour to have the bill perfected, tbat we
might get it passed. If we go on half an hour
lhink we can put it in such a shape that it
maJ dually reach a committee of conference,
f u. ®^TER. I appeal to the Senator
irom Missouri to withdraw his call, and let us
see if we cannot get through the bill this after-
noon. 1 he sense of the Senate was manifested
P amly in regard to the first section. Let it
i B'r|fken out if that is the sense of the Sen-
*1e. aud let us proceed to perfect the other
ctions. We have got to push our business
| forward or it will be crowded into the latter
I part of the session. Why not go through with
this bill to-day, to accommodate the Senator
i from Massachusetts, the chairman of the Mil-
itary Committee ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Missouri withdraw his call for
the regular order?
Mr. DRAKE. No, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then tbe
appropriation bill is before the Senate.
message *rom thb house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. JIcPherson, its Clerk, announced
that tbe House had passed a bill (,H. R. No.
| 1964) to change the boundaries of the Stock-
ton land district, in the State of California;
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Interior,
communicating, in compliance with a resolu-
tion of the 15th ultimo, a statement of the lands
belonging to the United States lying in tbe
: State of Louisiana remaining undisposed of,
and of the amount of public lands in that State
disposed of during the years 1866, 1866, 1867,
: j 1868, and 1869; also the number and location
of the respective land offices in the State and
j! the annual cost of maintaining them; which
| was referred to tbe Committee on Public
ii Lands, and ordered to be printed.
j legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
, The Senate, as in Committee of tbe Whole,
resumed tbe consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
974) making appropriations*for the legislative,
; executive, aud judicial expenses of the Gov-
; eminent for the year ending June 30, 1871.
, | The reading of the bill was resumed at tfce
! point where it was left off last evening.
The next amendment of the Committee on
' Appropriations was to strike out all of the
third section after the enacting clause, in the
following words:
That all acts and parts of acts, and joint resolu-
tions and ports thereof, making appropriations fqr
j an unlimited period, and in wbien no amouat is
i named, known as "indefinite appropriations," and
' all acts and joint rebolutiois or parts thereof, and
■ all resolutions of either House of Congress granting
extra compensation or pay. be, and the same are
hereby, repealed, to take effect at the close of the
present fiscal year.
And to insert in lieu thereof;
That the appropriations made by tbe following
parts of acts and resolutions, be, and the same are
,j hereby, repealed, to take effect from and after June
; 30,1871, namely:
I Section live of the act of June 26,1848, being an
appropriation for the salaries of special examiners
. | of drugs, medicines, chemicals, &c. And said sala-
j ries shall from and after June 30,1870, be paid from
> the appropriation for collecting the revenue from
|i customs;
II Section four of the act of July 20,1867, being an
il appropriation for thepayand expenses of tue com-
missioners, under the treaty between the United
States and the republic of Venezuela;
Section two of the aot of June 27, 1864, being an
appropriation for the pay and txpenses of the com-
mission under the treaty between the United States
and her Britannic Majesty for the settlement of the
elaims of the Hudson Bay and Puget Sound Agricul-
tural Companies;
Section three of the act of April 7,1869, being an
appropriation for the pay, expenses, and advances
on account of tbe commission under the treaty of
the United States and the republic of Mexioo;
Section thirteen of the act of July 28,1866, being
an appropriation for ■salaries and contingent expenses
of the Bureau of Statistics;
Sections one and seven of the act of Mareh 3,1849,
being an appropriation to pay for hirtes, mules, &c.,
lost or destroyed while in the military service;
Section one of the act of July 27,1861, being an
appropriation for refunding to States, expenses in-
curred in raising volunteersduringthe late rebellion.
And hereafter it shall be the duty of the proper
Department to submit estimates for the expenses
and expenditures under these several heads, in tbe
usual m h imer; and the appropriations of the amounts
received from transfer drafts to the account of con-
tingent expenses of the independent Treasury, and
of tbe amoquts received from fines, penalties, and
forfeitures to the account for expenses of United
States courts, shall cease from and after June 30,1870.
| The amendment was agreed to.
I The next amendment was to strike out all of
the foorth section after the enacting clause, in
these words:
That Whenever any moneys appropriated for tbe
use of any. Department or bureau, orfor any pur-
pose, shall remain unexpended tor one year after
tho expiration of the fiscalyear in which the act ap-
propriating the same shall have been passed, it shrill
be the duty of the person having in charge the dis-
bursement of said appropriation to inform the Sec-
retary of the Treasury of the fact; and the Secre-
tary of the Treasury shall thereupon immediately
cause said unexpended balance of appropriation to
be cpvered into the Treasury to the credit of the sur-
plUsfund, unless it be in said act of appropriation
otherwise provided ; and all such sums shall be cov-
ered into and restored to the Treasury, whether they
shall stand to the credit of any bureau in the proper
books of the Treasurer of the United States, or havo
been placed to any other account, or are under the
control of any officer or agent of any Department,
And in lieu thereof to insert the following:
That on the 1st day of June in each year the Sec-
retary of the Treasury shall transmit to tbe head of
each Department a statement of the balances of ap-
propriations for the service of his Department, which
shall appear by the books of the Treasury Depart-
ment to be unexpended at that time.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That on receipt
of such statement the head of the Department to
Whom it issentshall cause to be certified thereon how
much of eaoh unexpended balance will be required
to meet outstanding liabilities properly chargeable
thereto, and how much thereof may be carried into
the general Treasury; and paid statement thus cer-
tified shall be returned to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury within fifteen days after its receipt.
ORG. 5. And be it further enacted. That upon tho
return of said statement the Secretary of tbe Treasury
shall issue a warrant thereon, directing all amounts
which by said statement" may be carried into tho
general Treasury" to be charged to the proper appro-
priations and oredited to the general account of ap-
propriations; and all amounts-thus disposed of shall
remain in the Treasury like other unappropriated
money, and shall not be transferred, withdrawn,
applied, or used, except upon specific authority of
law.
Sec .6. And be it further enacted. That all balances
of appropriations which shall have remained on the
books of the Treasury, without being drawn against
in the settlement of accounts for two years from the
date of the last appropriation made by law, shall be
reported by the Secretary of the Treasury to the
Auditor of the Treasury whose duty it is to settle
accounts thereunder, and the Auditor shall examine
the books of his office and certify to the Secretary
whether such balances will be required in the settle-
ment of any accounts pending in his office; and if it
shall appear that such balances will not be required
for this purpose then the Secretary may include such
balances in his warrant, Whether the head of the
oroper Department shu.ll have certified that it may
be carried into the general Treasury or not. But no
appropriation for the payment of the interest or
principal of the' public debt, or to which Congress
may have given a longer duration of law, shall be
thus treated.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have an amendment to
offer as a substitute for the amendment of the
committee, and I have submitted it to the
Senator from Maine. It is to insert in lieu of
the words the committee propose to insert—
That all balances of appropriations contained in
the annual appropriation bills and made specifically
for the service of any fiscal year, and remaining un-
expended at the expiration of euch fiscal year, shall
only be applied to the payment of expenses properly
incurred during that year, or to the fulfillment of
contracts properly made within that year, and such,
balances not needed for tbe said purposes shall bo
carried to the surplus fund: Provided, That this
section shall not apply to appropriations known as
permanent or indefinite appropriations.
. Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is difficultfor
me to say precisely what the effect of that prop-
osition would be. I think it covers one of tne
objects of the amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations, but I am not snre that it does tbe
whole ; I think it does not. The object aimed
at by the House of Representatives seems to
have been to correct what has been understood
to have been an error in the practice of the
Departments in regard to the appropriation*,
and to correct what has been considered an
abuse of using funds appropriated for one
object for objects for which tbey were not ap-
propriated; and the House intended to cover
all balances unexpended for any purpose at
the end of the year into the Treasury.^ Sym-
pathizing with that purpose, the Committee on
Appropriations Of the Senate in the first three
sections of this amendment have undertaken to
provide how those balances shall be ascertained.
The committee understand that one of the
difficulties in the way of getting these balances
covered into the Treasury has been that it waB
