1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
127
The CHAIRMAN. Is there any objection
to closing debate ? The Chair hears none.
The question being taken on Mr. Wistans's
amendment, it was disagreed to.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Garfield, of Ohio,.to strike out section
twenty-four, it was agreed to.
The next section was read, as follows :
Sec. 25. And be it further enacted, That "when the
Department of the Interior shall have apportioned
the Representatives in the manner above directed
among the several States, under the next enumera-
tion of the inhabitants of the United States, he shall,
as soon as practicable, make out and transmit, under
the seal of his office, to the House of Representatives
a certificate of the number of members apportioned
to each State under the enumeration provided for
in this act; and shall likewise make out and trans-
mit without delay to the Executive of each State a
cetifieate, under his seal of office, of the number
of members apportioned to such State under such
enumeration.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to strike
out that section.
The motion was agreed to.
The Clerk read the next section, as follows:
Sec. 26. And be it further enacted, That an act enti-
tled ' 'An act providing for the taking of the seventh
and subsequent censuses of the United States, and to
fix the number of the members of the House of Rep-
resentatives and provide for their future apportion-
ment among the several States," approved May 23,
1850; and also an actentitled "Anactfixingthemun-
ber of the members of the House of Representatives
'from and after the 3d March, A. D. 1863," approved
March 4,1862, be, and the same arc hereby, repealed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to amend
this section to make it correspond with what
has now been settled by the House, so that the
section shall read as follows:
Sec. 26. And be it further enacted, That all the pro-
visions of an act entitled "An act providing for the
taking of the seventh and subseciucnt censuses of the
United States and to fix thonunibor of the members
of the Houso of Representatives and provide for their
future apportionment among the scvoral State?,"
approved May 23,1850, which relate to the taking
of the ninth census be, and the same are hereby, re-
pealed.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to strike out the
whole section.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion of the gen-
tleman from Ohio on the left of the Chair [Mr.
Gaufieu)] takes precedence of the motion of
the gentleman from Ohio on the right of the
Chair, [Mr. Bingham.]
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Garfield, of Ohio, it was agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM. I now move to strike out
the whole section. I want this done because
my colleague has undertaken to introduce a
measure to operate upon the apportionment of
representation among the States. We have
been notified that the committee will introduce
a bill upon the basis of this census to give the
people their rights. If the apportionment of
1860 is to be maintained it is an apportionment
based on the census of 18fi0; it omits the people
of 1870; it omits the census of 1870. The
declaration is substantially made in advance
that we are to continue to the end without hav-
ing any regard at all to the rights of the freemen
in this country that are not represented under
that apportionment at all.
Gentlemen have been notified that the com-
mittee intend to do justice in this matter. If
they do this motion will help them, and I ask,
therefore, that the whole of the section be
stricken out. The balance of it simply pre-
serves the apportionment of the census of 1860.
Why the committee should retain that I can-
not understand, unless it is their purpose in
that declaration to notify the committee when
they come to frame another bill that they do
not take into account the ten million freemen
in this country who are not represented at all,
and among whom there has been no appor-
tionment of representation. I suppose myself
that the number of the House of Representa-
tives ought to have some relation to the whole
number of the representative population of the
United States, and why this section should be
retained I cannot understand at all.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. In striking out
the section which has just been stricken out
the committee thought it best to cut loose en-
tirely from everything but the census itself,
and to pass a clause to repeal some laws which
we do not pass anything to take the place of
seems to be unwise. Let us remit the whole
subject to the Committee on the Census for its
action rather than repeal a law that we do not
provide a substitute for. I hope the amend-
ment will not prevail.
Mr. BINGHAM. My colleague does not
seem to see the point. If the committee is
going to report another bill, why retain the old
law?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Suppose Con-
gress does not pass another bill ?
Mr. BINGHAM. If it does not whose fault
is it ? Are the people to be cheated out of rep-
resentation? Is the whole number of Repre-
sentatives to have no relation to the number
of people to be represented ? Who ever heard
of such a thing before ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Allow me to say
that we want the present law to continue for
the Forty-Second Congress.
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not want any such
injustice toward the American people to con-
tinue longer.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the gentle-
man repeals, this law there will be no law for
the election of the Forty-Second Congress.
The question was taken on Mr. Bingham's
motion ; and it was disagreed to.
The Clerk then read the nest section, as
follows :
Sec. 27. And be it further enacted, That the Super-
intendent of the Census shall ronuirc and obtain fvom
every railroad corporation in the United States the
following facts, to exhibit the condition of such com-
pany on the 1st June, 1870, or at tho date of tho last
annual report made since Junol, 1869, to wit: tho
name of tho corporation or company, with corporate
name of lines leased; the number of miles of its roads
projocted; tlieniimberof miles completed; the num-
ber of miles leased; miles of double track exclusive
of sidings; capital stock allowed by the charter;
amount paid up; number of mnil stations; highest
grade,inciudingcurvature, in each division operated;
total costof track and equipment of the road; costof
grading and masoniy, including engineering; exhib-
iting separately eost of bridges, of stations, build-
ings, fixtures, of land and land damages, of iron rails,
of sleepers, of fences, of locomotives, of passenger
and baggage ears, of freight ears, and cost of purchase
of other lines and of telegraphs. Also, total amount
ot debt; also, acres of land held, exclusive of that
used for stations, buildings, wharves, and tracks.
Also, amount of rolling stock, exhibiting separately
scrviceablclocomotives; unserviceable locomotives;
passenger cars; sleeping cars; mail, baggago, and
express cars; box cars; stock ears; freight and
eoal cars. Also, total number of employes, exhibit-
ing separately tho number connected with tho gen-
eral administration, conductors, station-masters,
ticket agents, brakemen, engineers, firemen, flag-
men and gatemen, mechanics, and laborers. Also,
the total receipts of the corporation, exhibiting sep-
arately tho receipts from passengers ; fiom freights ;
from expresses; from mails; from rents; from mis-
cellaneous sources exclusive of loansand stocks sold.
Also, tho total expenditure of tho corporation,
exhibiting separately tho kind and cost of fuel; the
amount of national, Stale, and municipal taxation ;
interest on bonds and their indebtedness; passen&er
transportation servico; dividends paid within the
year in cash; dividends paid within the year in
stock; freight and transportation service; repairs
of the track and bridges; repairs of rolling stock ;
repairs of buildings and fences; damages to mer-
chandise; damages to freight; payments of personal
injuries; telegraph expenses and repairs; new struc-
tures and other permanent improvements. Also,
ihe operations of tho road, exhibiting separately
the mileage ot passenger trains; mileage of freight
trains; other mileage including repair, wood, and
gravel trains; number of way passengers carried;
average way fares per mile; number of through
passengers carried; average of through fares per
mile; iota! number of passengers carried reduced to
one mile; average rate per ton per mile on local
freight; average rate per ton per mile on all through
freight; tons of coal; tons of merchandise; bushels
oi gram; barrels of flour; number of horses and cat-
tle: number of sheep and swine; number of thou-
sand feet of lumber; total tons of freight; total tons
earned reduced to one mile; tons forwarded East
{or .North;) tons forwarded West (or South.) Also
concerning casualties, exhibiting separately tho
R!1 u" Passengeis or employes killed or wounded ;
the character of the accidents, whether by false hand-
ling of switches, signals or draws, or by defects in
wheels, breaking of couplings or rails, or by imped-
iments Placed accidentally or intentionally on the ;
track. Also, the number of miles of railroad tele-
graph lines, the number of miles of wire, and tho total ,
also, in like manner, require and !
obtain iron* the owners, proprietors, or managers of '
any canal or river improvement the following facts,
: to wit: name of canal or river improvement; points
! connected; miles of canal; miles of siackwater;
| dimensions of improvement in feet, exhibiting the
depth, and the width at the bottom and top; the
number of locks and their standard length, depth,
and width: number of feet of rise and fall; cost of
structures; cost of enlargement; number of boats;
total tonnage; total tons of freight carried East or
North; total tons carried West or South; tons of eoal;
tons of merchandise; bushels of grain: barrels of
flour; number of horses and cattle; number of sheep
and swine: number of thousand feet of lumber; aver-
age rate of local tolls per mile; total amount received
for tolls in 1869; annual average expenses per mile for
repairs from 1860 to 1869; tho average number of
months of navigation during theyear. And he shall
also procure, from the best available sources, full sta-
tistics of the coastwise trade and of the lake and in-
land river navigation of thoITnited States, which shall
particularly show the number of vessels employed,
and where, and whether of sail or propelled by steam:
also the tonnage capacity of each; and the actual
tonnage transported upon each lake and river and
coastwise, during the year 1869.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. There is an
amendment which has been printed and is
upon the desks of members which I have been
authorized by the committee to offer as an
addition to this section. It is an amendment
which embraces the express business, tele-
graph companies, and fire, life and marine
insurance. I ask the Clerk to read the amend-
ment.
The Clerk read as follows:
Add to section twenty-seven the following:
He shall also in like manner require and obtain
from tho owners, proprietors, or managers of every
express company the following facts, to wit: name
of corporation or company; capital paid up; total
capital stock; length of lines in miles; whether the
business is conducted by rail, vess-el, or otherwise;
total amount paid to railroads or vessels for use of
line or lines; number of officers; number of persons
engaged in general administration; number of
agents and messengers; total receipts; total ex-
penditures; exhibiting separately amount paid for
salaries, for repairs, and for general expenses; and
he may require such further information as in
his judgment may be necessary to secure full re-
turns of the transactions of such company. He
shall also in like manner require and obtain from
tho owners, proprietors, or managers of every tele-
graph company the following facts, to wit: name of
corporation or company; terminal points connected;
capital paid up; length of lines in miles; miles of
wire; number of officers; number of persons engaged
in general administration; number of persons en-
gaged as telegraph operators; the number of mes-
sages transmitted by officers of the United States;
the number of messages transmitted for the press;
the number of messages transmitted for private par-
ties; total number of messages tian^mitted: total
receipts from messages; total expenditures of the
company, exhibitingseparately the amountexpended
for salaries, for repairs, and for general expenses.
He shall also, in like manner, require and obtain
from the officers or managers of all life insurance
companies the following facts, to wit: name of com-
pany; amount of paid-up capital; tho number ot
persons employed in thegeneraladministration; the
number employed as agents; the total gross assets of
the company, exhibiting, separately, realized asset?,
deferred and unpaid premiums and premium notes
and loans; total liabilities of the company, exhibit-
ing, separately, losses adjusted and unadjusted,
losses resisted, scrip and olhei dividends, dividends
to policy-holders not applied, reinsurance fund; all
other claims, including capital; receipts from cash
premiums, receipts from all other sources; total cash
expenditures, exhibiting, separately, amount paid
for losses and. claims, dividends to stockholders, div-
idends to policy-holders; commissions, officers'sal-
aries; medical examiners' fees, national, State, and
local taxation, and all other cash expenditures; also
premium note expenditures; also the number and
amount of policies issued during the year; also,
exhibiting policies terminating during the year;
the number and amount terminated by death; by
expiration; by surrender; by lapse; bv change:
total number and amount of policies in force;
exhibiting separately those of 81,000 or under; the
number and amount of those from $1,000 to S2.000,
from $2.00° to $3,000, from $3,000 to $5,000, from $5,000
5® SlOjOOO, andthenumberandamount of those abovo
elO.OOO; also tho amount of premiums received on
policies in force and the average premium on each
policy; also tho amount of losses in cash and notes
and the percentage of the loss to the total amount of
policies in force; also percentage of .assets to risks in
force. He shall also, in like manner, require and
obtain from every fire and marine insurance com-
pany the following facts, to wit: name of company;
amount of capital stock authorized by charter; the
amount paid up; the number of persons employed in
general administration; the number employed as
agents: the gross assets of company; the total liabili-
ties, exhibiting separately tho amount of losses
adjusted, losses unadjusted, losses resisted, rein-
surance fund, fire at fifty percent., marine and inland
at one hundred per cent.; all other liabilities, in-
cluding capital; also the total receipts, exhibiting
separately fire premiums, marine and inland premi-
ums, and receipts from all other sources, including
interest, dividends, and rents; also the total expend-
itures, exhibiting separately the number and
