1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
425
41 st Cong. ... 2d Sess.
Revival of American Tonnage—Mr. Cleveland.
Ho. 03? Eeps.
these people are trying to talk about is the
reduction in the number and tonnage of Amer-
ican ships, and this we ail feel to be a national
disgrace, as well as a great national loss.
We have riot only lost the prestige we once
had in the carrying trade of the world, but we
have lost the business as a source of national
wealth. We notonly nowpay outourfreightand
passage-money and postage to foreign nations,
but our gallant and skillful sailors no longer
go about the world gathering up wealth to bring
home; we pay oat instead of collecting, gather-
ings, andaccumulating; and all because a false
pride will not allow us to buy ships suitable
for the modern trade. Ship-builders tell us we
can make them for ourselves ; but when we ask
why it is not done they acknowledge that they
cannot build cheap enough, but they are opposed
to allowing them to be purchased. They would
have us stand shivering in the cold because we
are too proud to buy warm clothing, but must
wait till we can make it for ourselves. They
would have us starve while waiting for the
produce to grow on our own farms, that we
might say we eat nothing we do not raise our-
selves. But now in this bill, and in other bills
before Congiess, we are asked to grant sub-
sidies to assist in the building and sailing of
ships. Subsidies are not the proper remedies
for this difficulty. Lower taxes, so that we can
build and repair our ships in competition with
foreigners, is the true remedy; but if you refuse
to let down the taxes then take off the shackles
and let us buy ships where we can get them
cheap enough.
If it be claimed that to adopt my suggestion
would carry gold out of the country, I reply
by declaring that it would save gold to the
country. We are now paying out to foreign
ship-owners, the money to be taken out of the
country, about fifty million dollars. If wehad
the carrying trade we once had the most of
this would be saved to the country ; but even
now, if we would allow our ship-owners to buy
ships, we could get probably the half of it, and
save to the country at leastS'25,000,000 ayear,
or more than five times as much as we should
pay out for ships.
The iron steamers now doing the carrying
trade of the world are looked upon by the na-
tions owning them as in reality a navy; and so
they arc, a navy that earns its own living, and
therefore costs nothing to keep it. We have
expended an immense amount in building up
a navy, and have really no navy yet, nor will
wo ever have a navy worthy of the name till
we cease to build in the Government yards,
and give out the building of our shins to pri-
vate enterprise and skill. Englandhas already
learned that lesson, and in a recent report made
to Parliament it was shown that nearly all of
the successful vessels in the British navy were
built by private parties outside of the Govern-
ment yards. Out of the millions of pounds
sterling expended by the Government itself in
its own navy-yards, more than any other nation
ever expended, they had hardly anything to
show for it.
f believe in a merchant navy of iron steam-
ers ; and when it is objected that vessels built
for the merchant service are not suitable for
war purposes, I reply that tliey can be quickly
and cheaply adapted to that service ; and il it
lie charged that they are not strong enough I
refer to the late Oneida disaster, in which a
foreign merchant vessel ran into and sunk an
American war vessel without sustaining any
injury herself. As for a real navy, composed
of vessels built by the Government in its own
yards, we shall never get it. Administrations
change, and officers andplansare changed when
vessels are half finished, so that our Navy be:
comes a piece of patchwork, and it, is absurd
to expect success in that way. And even if wo
did succeed in building the vessels we could not
afford to keep a sufficient number to fight with
any more than we can afford to keep a suffi-
cient army to fight with. When a war comes
on we have to do the fighting with a volunteer
or adapted army as well as an adapted navy.
The special message of the President, the
report of the Secretary of the Navy, Vice
Admiral Porter's report, and the speech of
the chairman of our special committee [Mr.
Lynch] all acknowledge the superiority of a
merchant navy. The merchant vessel is earn-
ing something, supporting itself, costing the
Government nothing to keep it, and is always
ready for sea; the war vessels are a vast ex-
pense to keep, earn nothing, but grow poorer
every year.
A merchant navy would be like the volunteer
military service that saved the nation when the
regular Army was helpless in so greatan under-
taking ; and yet the volunteer army cost noth-
ing in time of peace, but, on the contrary, was
a source of national wealth. As for pride and
the loss of prestige, if we buy a ship where we
can get it cheap enough so that it can earn its
expenses, we did not hesitate to employ foreign
soldiers and foreign guns during the rebellion ;
and in the revolutionary war did we not gladly
accept the services of La Fayette and Steuben
and Kosciusko and other brave officers and men
to fight our battles for us that we might gain our
independence and live to be proud ? llussia,
a few years ago, found us, building wooden
ships with great skill and at moderate prices,
and she bought them from us, but I have i°ever
heard that she lost any prestige by it. By no
means ; she stands higher among nations than
ever before. I say out upou such false pride!
It is unworthy a great nation ; it is the pride
of a high-spirited youth inheriting wealth that
his father saved by honest labor and garnered
by foresight and calculation, but not by pride.
Let us not suffer by our pride, and stand still
waiting for our people to acquire the skill and
experience and for taxes to be reduced low
enough for them to build cheaply; but buy the
ships to start with, and take up the threads of
trade and travel still open to us without com-
petition ; by and by they will be occupied, and
we shall still stand looking on in our prideand
poverty of shipping.
A great deal has been said about the war
"sweeping our commerce from the seas," &c.;
but, to reduce it all to plain talk, it means that
during the war our Navy could not protect our
merchant vessels; they were in danger, many
of them were actually lost, and a great many
fled to the shelter of the flag of other nations
to save themselves from destruction; and we,
in our spiteful wisdom, have passed laws that
prevent them from returning home, as if fam-
ilies on the borders of Canada were to flee into
Canada for safety if we were at war with France
and she had invaded our territory so that we
could not protect them, and after the restora-
tion of peace we should say to these families,
"You cannot come back; you should have
stayed at home and allowed yourselves to be
killed; it is no excuse that we conid not and
did not protect you; you should have stayed
under the American flag and died like Ameri-
cans." But the war, while it was one of the
causes, was not the great cause of the reduction
of American tonnage. The great cause is
found in the change from wood to iron in the
construction of sea-going vessels, and from
sails to steam. In wooden sailing vessels we
had no rivals, and in their day they visited
every port and served as common carriers for
other nations; but steam began to take the trade
from them before the war, and our tonnage had
really declined before the war commenced.
This'is admitted on all hands, and the figures
and dates have been repeated so often during
this discussion that I will not take up the time
by repeating them here.
The great India and South American carry-
ing trade were being taken from us before
18G0, and the Atlantic service had practically
left us when the war broke out. Our people
had struggled manfully against fate, and had
built a few iron steamships, but they could not
float them cheap enough to compete, and since
the war our enormous taxes have rendered it
impossible to build at any reasonable cost. But
1 am confident that the superior skill of Amer-
ican mechanics, and the facility they have for
adapting themselves to the necessities of t.lie
case, will enable our builders to compete with
Clyde-built ships whenever these taxes are
removed and they shall have had time to take
hold of the business; and hence, while 1 am
in favor of allowing our ship-owners to buy
foreign-built steamers for the present time, I
am also in favor of a rebate of duties pro-
posed in the first and second sections of this
bill, with someamendment. Letus have both,
and let us have anything else that will assist in
regaining our lost trade upon the sea.
The ocean service between prominent ports
is hereafter to be iron steamers, and that ser-
vice is now practically in the hands of other
nations. Let us strike off the shackles from
American ship-owners and American ship-
builders, so that they may enter into compe-
tition and contend for a share of the trade; the
result will be lower freights, and lower freights
mean the exportation of more American pro-
duce in competition with the wheat and cotton
England is now drawing from the Bast. And
when we have gained that point would it not
be well to strike off the shackles from all trades
by a general reduction of taxes? Set the coun-
try free again, that its natural resources may
be developed, that the people may prosper,
and that we may gradually forget the oppres-
sions of the war. Some gentleman says we
are running a line of successful American
steamers from San Francisco to Japan. So
wo are, and they are perhaps the finest ships
on the ocean. Americans are noted for doing
everything upon a grand scale, and those
steamers are no exception to the rule. They
are wooden steamers of about four thousand
tons burden, and very economical ships to run
at a slow speed, say a speed of ten miles an
hour; but when a speed is attempted with them
that would be necessary to compete with mod-
ern-built ships the cost of running is increased
to such an extent that it would not pay. And
again, the iron-screw steamers built now have
so much more room for freight and passengers
than the old style of vessel, and on that account
they could earn so much more than the same
tonnage in the old style, that they would have
supplanted them entirely if there had been no
other reason.
It has been said that no nation could coin-
pete with the linglish in a contest for the
carrying trade ivith iron-screw steamers; but
the Germans are competing with them suc-
cessfully in our own ports. The Germans are
running a line from Hamburg to Hoboken,
another line from Bremen to Hoboken, another
to Baltimore, and another to New Orleans,
and are about to start a line to South America
and the West Indies. The lines running to
Hoboken both pay well, and are a source of
great profit to their owners and credit to the
German people, yelthey are Clyde-built steam-
ers. nearly all of them—I believe all but one.
We might and ought to have had that trade ;
but the Germans were wise in time, while
we were too proud to buy the ships, and
could not build them cheaply. These restric-
tive laws profess to operate in the interest of
American ship-builders, but they operate really
in the interest of foreign ship-owners and
builders both, because while these restrictions
continue no vessels will be built or owned in
\ this country; while if these illiberal and use-
