1440
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
twenty-four, so that some member* shall be
left on this side.
Mr. GAKFIELD, of Ohio. I have said
nothing, and 1 do not intend to say anything
in any way reflecting upon the Committee of
Elections. 1 now demand the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof, the resolution was adopted.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote whereby the resolution was
adopted; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate,
by Mr. Gorham, its Secretary, notifying the
House that that body had passed a bill (S. No.
215) to amend the usury laws of the District
of Columbia; in which the concurrence of the
House was requested.
PUNISHMENT Of POST OFFICE ABUSES.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask unanimous
consent to report back from the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads House bill
No. 807, to prevent and punish certain abuses
of the post office establishment, and for other
purposes.
The bill was read.
Mr, DAWES and Mr. KELSEY objected.
Mr. DAWES. I now make the motion that
the House resolve itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union on the
President's annual message, to afford gentle-
men an opportunity to make speeches on gen-
eral subjects.
Mr. BARNSWORTH. I want to know who
objects to my bill, which has for its purpose to
prevent and punish the carrying of counterfeit
money through the mails.
Mr. DAWES. That is a bill which ought
not to be considered late of a Saturday after-
noon.
REMOVAL or POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent to take from the Speaker's
table Senate bill No. 436, to relieve certain
persons therein named from legal and political
disabilities imposed by the fourteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution of the Unite'd States,
and for other purposes, for reference to the
Committee on Reconstruction.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. How many
are in that bill ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I think |
two hundred and fifty.
Mr. COX. I object. I
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It is half past three j
o'clock, and I move that we now adjourn. It ,
is time gentlemen should be preparing for their
Sunday devotions.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
30, noes 70.
Mr. FARNSWORTH demanded the yeas
and nays.
Mr. DAWES. Because the gentleman can-
not get the House to pass his bill, that is no
reason why we should adjourn.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is not objected to
by the House, but only by the gentleman from
Massachusetts; and if no business is to be done
it is time that we should adjourn.
Mr. DAWES. We only propose to go into
committee to give gentlemen an opportunity to '
deliver their speeches.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I want to do busi-
ness or to have the House adjourn, and there-
fore I insist upon my demand for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the House refused to adjourn.
AMERICAN CITIZENS MURDERED IN CUBA.
The SPEAKER, by urianimous consent, laid
before the House a message from the President
of the U nited States in answer to a resolution
of the House requesting information in regard
to a recent assault upon and the murder of one
or more American citizens in Cuba, trans-
mitting a report from the Secretary of State;
which was referred to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DAWES. I now insist upon my motion
to go into committee.
'lhe motion was agreed to.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope, by unanimous
consent, there will be an understanding that
no business is to be transacted, so that those
of us who wish may go home.
Mr. DAWES. I do not object to that.
There was no objection, and it was so or-
dered.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Blair in the chair,) and proceeded
to the consideration of the President's annual
message.
PROBLEMS OF TUB WAR.
Mr. BENTON. Mr. Chairman, the legisla-
tive problems of war are always more simple
and easy of solution than those of peace. In
time of war the great law of self-preservation
asserts its sway, hushing the clamor of con-
flicting interests, stilling the strife of discordant
factions, and in view of the common danger
uniting all who love their country more than
party in support of the common cause. In time
of peace, the restraining power of a common
danger being removed, all the varied interests
of the State, at times, seem to seek each their
own benefit and advantage regardless of the
others. Then the Legislature becomes divided
into the advocates of special claims and inter-
ests, and in a Government like our own, mainly
legislative, the danger is toward that most bale-
ful form of tyranny, class legislation. It is at
this point, perhaps, that the most difficult task
of the statesman is found.
To satisfy conflicting demands; to harmonize
contending interests, regarding individual and
sectional claims only so far as they are con-
nected with the welfare of the whole; to work
out from discordant elements the result which
is best for the entire State—these are the aim
and the task of the wise legislator. All the
different interests of the State are correlated,
each depending upon the others. The body-
1 politic is like the human body, having many
members with different functions and different
: purposes, but all drawing their life from the
same body, to the continued existence of which j
the health of each member is essentially neces-
sary. If one member suffers, all the other mem-
bers suffer together, and the entire organism
feels the effect. Thus in the body-politic all the
; different and seemingly conflicting and con-
; tending interests are but so many members hav-
[ iog diverse functions and different objects, but
! all drawing their life from the same body, and j
vitally essential each to the prosperity of the i
others. The grain-fields of the West, and its
countless herds and flocks, feed the operatives
of the East; the manufactures of the East clothe
the producers of the West; the cotton-fields of
the South supply the myriad spindles of the
North; and the busy industry of the whole coun-
try pours through the great arteries of trade the
life-blood of commerce. It is upon the proper
adjustment and development of all these inter-
| ests that the prosperity of the country depends,
j and noparty which has for its platform the ideas,
or for its object the interests of but one class
of the people or one section of the country, no
matter how influential may be that class or
how important that section, can long maintain
the ascendency. It must either go out of power,
giving place to a party with higher and broader
views, or it must develop into a separate gov-
ernment passing successfully through the stages
of rebellion and civil war.
The necessities which called forth the Repub-
lican party and gave it power were national and
universal. They were the necessities of the
entire people, the wants and demands of free
government. Its formation was the uprising
and grand protest of the masses and laboring
freemen of the country against the wickcdness
and corruption of the Democratic party, which
having stolen the livery of heaven in which to
serve the devil, had been for years the amour
and lecher of a debauched and sectional aris-
tocracy, which intrenched behind an aggre-
gate capital of $900,000,000 invested in the
bone and muscle of the laboring classes, an-
nounced its determination practically to extend
over the whole national domain the infamous
doctrine that capital should own labor. At
this time the slaveholding oligarchy, acting
through the instrumentality of the Democratic
fiarty, had obtained complete control of the
egislative and executive departments of the
Government, and had even compelled the Su-
preme Court, that high tribunal which wore
the robes of Marshall and Jay, of Washington
and Story, to a judicial declaration that a labor-
ing class of one half of the nation had no rights
which freemen were bound to respect.
In opposition to doctrines so repugnantto the
principles of our Government, and to prevent a
consummation so disastrous to the cause of free-
dom and the interests of thelaboringclasses, the
Republican party came into power, choosing as
its first Chief Magistrate that wisest and best,
truest and noblest representative of the laboring
masses, Abraham Lincoln. A choice like this
was not to be endured by the arrogant nullifiers
and plantation lords of the South ; and true to
the pernicious ideas and false teachings of their
leaders, the slaveholding aristocracy passed
from the first stage of development, that oi a
, sectional party, into the second stage of open
j revolt against the Government and a conspir-
: acy by force of arms to establish an independ-
ent nationality, and the Democracy hastened
j to give encouragement and support as a polit-
ical organization to the treasonable attempt.
It is true that there were many, " who, faithful
among the faithless," maintained their alle-
giance to the Government, but it was at the sac-
rifice of their party standing; and the honor
awarded them for the simple performance of
their duty a3 citizens and soldiers is a stand-
ing proof of the disloyalty of their former polit-
ical associates; while to this day none are the
objects of such bitter hatred and unrelenting
hostility from the Democratic party as those
of its former members who sinned against
their political faith by au earnest support of the
Government during the war.
And while I gladly acknowledge the loyalty
of the men who placed patriotism above party,
and of the rank and file who, as the masses of
the people always are, were honest and loyal,
I confidently challenge any one to point to a
single act of the Democratic party as a party,
as a political organization, which was in earnest
support of ana in hearty sympathy with the
Government during the war. The votes of its
Representatives in Congress, the declarations
of its conventions and of its party organs, all
gave aid, comfort, and encouragement to the
rebellion, prolonged the struggle for years,
caused the shedding of rivers of loyal blood,
and has created a national debt which this gen-
eration with all its vast resources may not be
able to pay. Thus has the Democratic party
been false to the people, false to the Govern-
ment, and false to the cause of liberty. But I
need not extend my remarks upon topics so
familiar to all. The history of the last ten
years is written in the experience of the peo-
ple, and the opposition of the Democratic party
to the war for the Union, and its support of the
slaveholders' rebellion have become a part of
the record of our time.
But now that the war has closed and the
sword has been returned to its scabbard, and the
musket to its arsenal, while the citizen soldier
has resumed his daily pursuits, the Democratic
party opposes the cause of popular rights with
the same persistence and in the same spirit
which it manifested during the war.
Mr. NIBLACK. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a question ?
