128
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
amount of fire losses, of marine and inland losses,
dividends, commissions, officers' salaries, State, na-
tional and municipal taxes, and all other expenses;
concerning risk.-? written during the year, the num-
ber and amount of fire, number and amount of
marine and inland; concerning the risks in force
December 31,1869; the number and amount of Are
risks having less than one year to run, less than
three years to run, more than three years to run, and
the number and amount of marine and inland risks
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to say
a word only in regard to this amendment. The
committee before they reported the bill had
this same matter beforelhem, and were Anxious,
if possible, to get it into the bill, but they feared
that the House would consider that they were
overloading the Superintendent of the Census
with the requirements made of him. They
therefore left it out until they ascertained what
they thought was a favorable disposition in the
House for further information in this regard.
I will mention a few facts while I am up to
show the enormous extent of the business of
two of the items referred to in this amendment,
fire and marine and life insurance. In regard
to the business of fire and marine insurance it
is reportedin the columns of a journal published
by the insurance institutions of this country that
there is at the present moment $3,092,000,000
of the policies of insurance against fire and
marine losses.
Since the census of 1860 was taken the life
insurance business of the country has grown
up from almost nothing to enormous propor-
tions. For instance, there were in 1860 but
seventeen life insurance companies in the Uni-
ted States, and fifty-six thousand and some
odd policies in force. In 1868, the statistics of
that year being the latest I have, there were
537,594 policies in force; over half a million
of the population of the United States were
insured in the fifty-five life insurance companies
of this country; and the total amount insured
reached the enormous sum of $1,528,000,000.
Now, whether those companies are sound or
not, whether the people may rely upon the
safe investment of the money which they have
put in the hands of those companies will all
depend upon the way in which they are con-
ducting their business; and we propose by
this bill to bring out the facts so that the eoun-
try may see what and of what kind are the
operations of those great corporations.
Mr. WOODWARD. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Certainly.
Mr. WOODWARD. As the gentleman
seems to be familiar with the statistics of life
insurance in this country I wish to inquire
whether the statement which I recently read
in a respectable newspaper is true or not: that
the life insurance companies of this country
receive from seven to thirty-three dollars for
every dollar that they pay the insured ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I cannot say to
my friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Woodward]
how that may be; but this I can say, that the
life insurance companies of this country base
ail their calculations upon mortality tables
more than a hundred years old. But since those
tables were made out the average length of
human life has very considerably increased,
and, as a matter of course, every month of
increase in the average of human life is a help
to these companies so long as they go on with
the old mortality tables. I can say further-
more that one of the great life insurance com-
panies of the country has just been building
and has nearly completed one of the most mag-
nificent marble buildings that the city of New
York possesses.
Mr. WOODWARD. If the statement to
which I allude is true, and I have no reason to
doubt it, then the life insurance business of
this country has become one of the most stu-
pendous frauds of which we have any knowl-
edge.
Sir. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I should be sorry
to think that that was true.
Mr. KELLEY. Is there any provision in
the schedule of this bill that would enable us
to judge whether, while the life insurance com-
panies profess to rely upon the mortality tables:
they do not insure only on those lives that are |
excepted from those tables, upon the certifi- I
cates of physicians that they are free from j
ordinary disease?
Mr. G-ARFIELD, of Ohio. I believe the
gentleman is correct, that selected lives arc
those which are insured, and of course the
average length of such lives is much greater
than of ordinary lives.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] a question.
The CHAIRMAN. The time of the gen-
tleman from Ohio has expired.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Then I will move an
amendment-
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Before the gen-
tleman does that 1 desire to move a verbal
amendment.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Certainly.
Mr. GARFIELD, ofOhio. I move to change
the term " telegraph company " to "telegraph
line."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to amend the
amendment by adding to it the following:
And he shall require and obtain from each and
every banking association in the United States and
the Territories thereof full statistics of the condition
and business of each of said associations for the year
onding the 1st of June, 1870. And he shall also re-
quire and obtain from each and every banker and
broker in the United States and tho Territories
thereof full statistics of the businoss of such banker
and broker for the year ending the 1st of June, 1870.
It will be remembered, Mr. Chairman, that
two or three days ago I called the attention
of the committee to the subjects embraced in
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] as well as those in-
cluded in the proposition I now offer. I do
not understand why the gentleman from Ohio
or the special committee, while taking cogni-
zance of all the questions which were to a
limited extent discussed the other day, with
reference to railroad corporations, express
companies, life insurance business, &c. ,has
left out entirely the great question connected
with the banking associations of the United
States. This is as important a subject as any
one embraced in this bill. If there bo any
reason for this omission on the part of the
committee it was, I presume, indicated by the
statement which the gentleman from Ohio
made to the committee the other day. The
gentleman said the committee considered that
the report of the Comptroller of the Currency
would contain all necessary and reliable in-
formation upon these subjects. But, sir, let us
not forget that the value of a statistical report
depends upon its fullness, completeness, and
truthfulness ; and hence it is proper that this
census report should give us full statistics con-
cerning all these questions embraced in the
proposition just submitted by the gentleman
from Ohio, as Well as those contemplated by
the amendment I have submitted. We do not
wish to be compelled to consult the report of
the Comptroller of the Currency or any report
of the same character to find out the condition
of the banks of the United States. We wish
to find all these matters in full detail within
the volumes of the census. In order that the
census may afford us such information, I have
offered my amendment to the amendment.
Mr. STRONG. Mr. Chairman, I rise to
oppose the amendment of the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Ixgersoll.] I approve of the
proposition to include in this census the statis-
tics of the insurance business of the country.
In omitting this subject, the original bill was
certainly seriously defective. Any exhibition
of the business statistics of the country leaving
out the business of insurance would be like the
play of Hamlet with the part of Hamlet omit-
ted. Few members of the House, I presume,
unless their attention has been specially called
to this subject, are aware of .the magnitude
and importance of the insurance business of
the country. The little city of Hartford has
nine fire insurance companies, with assets of
$12,000,000; and eight life insurance compa-
nies, with assets of $50,000,000. I cannot give
the total amount of the assets of the insurance
companies of the United States ; but it is esti-
mated that the premiums paid annually by the
people of this Union amount to the enormous
sum of $150,000,000.
This business, as has been remarked by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] has
largely increased during the last decade. In-
deed, sir, in 1860life insurance was in itsinfancy.
Of the twenty-three hundred pages of the last
census report only one page, if I am correctly
informed, was devoted to the subject of insur-
ance. I trust, sir, that in the census of 1870
this great and rapidly-growing business will be
fairly represented. A few States have insur-
ance bureaus which furnish for their own citi-
zens reliable information as to the standing
and condition of the companies doing business
within their borders, and it is exceedingly
desirable that full and accurate insurance sta-
tistics should be provided for the people of all
the States. The value of such statistics can
hardly be over-estimated. They would be of
great service to honest underwriters in their
endeavors to fix reasonably remunerative rates'
of premium. They would be of immense
benefit to the people for the protection which
they would afford against worthless, swindling,
and bogus companies. The great insurance
interest of the district which I have the honor
to represent justifies, perhaps, these few words
from me and this momentary detention of the
committee.
On the amendment of Mr. Ingersoll there
were—ayes 41, noes 35; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under the rule, ordered
tellers ; and appointed Mr. Hale and Mr. Bejt-
jamii?.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 64, noes 55.
So the amendment to the amendment was
adopted.
The question recurred on the amendment of
Mr. Garfield as amended.
Mr. HOAR. I move to amend the amend-
ment as follows:
After the word "commissions," in the forty-first
line, insert the words "including sums paid to agents
by the insurers and the insured."
After the word "commissioners,1'in the seventy-
second line, insert the same words.
Mr. Chairman, I do not know that the
amendment requires any explanation. It is to
have the statistics clearly establish what pro-
portion of the sums are paid into the treasury
of the insurance companies and what propor-
tion into the hands of agents.
The amendment to the amendment was
adopted.
Mr. COX. I move to strike oat the last word
of the amendment, and I do it for the purpose
of saying this generally; I think that thiseom-
mittee is overloading this bill with inquisitorial
duties which are fixed upon these officers. The
information called for by this bill is far beyond
what was ever contemplated by those who made
the Constitution,and by those who administered
it for many years in reference to the taking of
thecensus. I suppose allthatwaseverintended
originally was an enumeration of the people
for the purpose of representation ; but we aro
now going on in this bill into such particularity
that this census will not be completed in the
next ten years if this thing is kept up.
I am amazed, Mr. Chairman, to see the won-
derful particularity in which the railroad inter-
est was to be inquired into. I was glad to see
it done. I heard the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Butler] and the gentleman from
Iowa [Mi\ Allison] say that they were going to
cripple this great mammoth interest, to bring
it down upon its knees, to stop the high charges
for transportation. In the interest of the peo-
ple they were going to do some great things
