3328
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
vtrjtliflleidfc for the Secretaryof theTreasury
to know what the balances were. For instance,
Congress appropriates to one of the Depart-
ments, or to one of the bureaus, if you please)
a certain sum. Let us take the Navy Depart-
ment for illustration, We had the subject of
that Department so recently before us that I
think the Senate will understand it, and so I
refer to it. Congress appropriates to the Bu-
rcivtt of Steam Engineering, if you please, in
the Navy Department, two or three million dol-
lars for the current year, for the year which
will end on the 30th of June. Whatever is
unexpended in that bureau the House desire
shall be covered into the Treasury, and not be
available for that bureau or any 'other bureau
in that Department for the next year. That is
what it aims at.
But the committee of the Senate did not
think that the section was specific enough to
accomplish the object, and therefore have un-
dertaken to say what things shall be done. In
the first; second, and third Sections of this
amendment the committee have undertaken
to prescribe precisely what .shall be done by
the different Departments in order to enable
the Secretary of the Treasury to know what
the balances are, so that they may be covered
into,the Treasury; and to that end the com-
mittee have devolved it a3 a duty on the head
of each of the Departments to certify to the
Secretary of the Treasury, on or before a given
day near the olose of the-fiscal year, precisely
the balances which remain unexpended in their
Departments.
1 do not see that there will be any practical
difficulty about that. None occurred to the
committee; and I do not see that the provision
of the Senator from Ohio touches that at alL
If there is any practical difficulty in the pro-
visions which are made by the committee
touching that point it did not occur to the
committee. The Senator's large experience
on the Committee oh Finance may enable him
to detect any such, difficulty, if there .be one.
The sixth section, as reported by the commit-
tee, is substantially, I tliink, the provision of
the Senator's amendment, not in terms, but I
am sure the object is the same. ■ It may be that
the section drawn by the Senator from Ohio is
more complete and will accomplish the object
which I suppose both of us have in view better
than the committee's^ I will listen to his ex-
planation on that point, and if his proposition
is more perfect I will *e®ept it t but I desire
to invite the attention of the Senator to the
fact that I do not understand his proposition'
touches the first three sections of the amend-
ment of the committee at all. . .
Mr. SHERMAN. This is a subject of far
more importance than probably Senators Are
aware of; and the imperative necessity for some
provision in regard to it grows out of a condi-
tion of affairs that has sprung up obly since
the war. There were oa ttiB 30th of June last
balances of unexpended appropriations wade
during a&d since the war of $102,890,159 67.
We annually appropriate by the appropriation
bills enough money to carry on the operations
of the Government during the year; but these
balances of old appropriations-are carried td
new accounts. There are also placed to the
credit of those accounts the new appropria-
tions, and thus the fund to be draws upon is
nearly twiee. as large aa the appropriations.
Hence there.were last Jaljr in the various De-
partments to. the credit of the varixms beads
of appropriations, $102,390,1W. Last year
we .appropriated for the same headsof expend-
iture- ..$*111,733,000. That waa all that was
required really for the expenses of the Govern-
ment in the opinion of Congress; hut the truth
is that by lapping over or continuingtbe old ap~
propriations and adding them to the newrtherg-
was to be drawn from, a fund of $206,101,000.
I hold in my hand'the official statement of bal-
ances and appropriations an the 80th of June
last. There was in tlte> Department of War
more, money to the credit of .'that Department
than Was appropriated last year. There were
$41,648,477 of unexpended appropriations
there, and by the mode of keeping the ac-
counts they can expend money during the pres-
ent fiscal year that was appropriated^ years ago
when the circumstances were very different.
:. During the war there was practically no limit
to appropriations. We had to give whatever
was asked, because in the midst of a great war
it was impossible' to make accurate estimates.
Ever since the war I have been desiring to
carry over these unexpended balances to the
general or surplus fund, and then commence
with new sheets... This object we all have in
view. I believe the House of Representatives
undertook to do it by the proposition you will
find on page 67 of this bill:
That whenever any moneys appropriated for the
use of any Department or bureau, or for any purpose,
shall remain unexpended for one year after the ex-
piration of tho fiscal year in which the act appropri-
ating the same shallnave been passed, it shall be the
duty of the person havingin charge the disbursement
of said appropriation to inform the Secretary of the
Treasury of the fact, and tho Secretary of the Treas-
ury shall thereupon immediately cause said unex-
pended balance of appropriation to be covered into
the Treasury, to the credit of tho surplus fund, unless
it be in said act of appropriation otherwise pro-
vided.
The principal difficulty about this is that
although the mouey appropriated may not be
drawn from the Treasury during the fiscal
year, yet there may be unpaid balances due for
the service of that year; as, for instance, the
officers of the Army may not be paid until two
or three months after their wages are due. So
with the other branches of expenditure. Un-
satisfied contracts may still have to be drawn
for. The House proposition, therefore, is' too
sweeping in its character. It would carfy into
the Surplus fund all unexpended balances due
on the 1st of July, the close of the fiscal year,
and leave'n6thihg to carry into execution ex-
isting contracts or to pay existing liabilities.
The amendment proposed, I have no doubt
with the best intentions, by the Committee on
Appropriations is also objectionable. 1 will
read the first section of it:
That on the 1st day of June in each year the Secre-
tary of the Treasury shall transmit to the head of
eaoh D«pa*tme t   statement of the balances of
appropriations for the service of his Department,
which shall appear by the books of the Treasury
Department to be unexpended at that time.
And further:
That on receipt of snoh statement the head of the
Department to whom it is sent shall cause to be cer-
tified thereon how much of each uh«xpended bal-
ance will be required to meet outstanding liabilities
properly chargeable thereto, and how much thereof
may be earried into the general Treasury; and said
statement thus certified shall be returned to tho
Secretary of the Treasury within fifteen days after
its receipt.
This requires, one month before the year
expires, the Seoretaiy of the Treasury to call
upon the heads of the different Departments
to state how much they will want for the rest
of that year. It is praetically impossible for
the head of the Navy or the War Department
to tell that. It is not in the nature of things
for him to estimate it. The result is that he
will say " I want it all." That has been the
result heretofore, and I have here the official
statements of the different headB of Depart-
ments, or rather of the clerks who make out
these estimates, that all these unexpended
balances are necessary for the next fisoalyear,
and they are all included and carried over to
the next fiscal year. So I think practically
the amendment proposed by the Committee
on Appropriations will toot change the matter
at all. It will call forth before the year ex-
pires statements which probably will either be
very inaccurate or very general in their char-
acter, and which will be no limitation or
restraint, the practical effect of which will not
be to carry any of the unexpended balances to
the.surplus fund. I have drawn with a great
deal of care this proposition, which carries out
what we all desire, and yet will not, I think,
embarrass the Government at all.
That all balances of appropriations contained in
the annual appropriation bills—
Because there are what are called perma-
nent and indefinite appropriations, such as the
interest on the public debt, the expenses of
the collection of the customs, and the carrying
on of other operations of the Government-^
paying for war expenses and the like, that
are permanent in their character as long as
the accounts are properly presented. They
are called indefinite appropriations technically.
That all balances of appropriations contained in
the annual appropriation bills, and made specifically
for the service of any fiscal year, and remaining
unexpended at the expiration of such fiscal year,
j shall only be applied to the payment of expenses
! properly incurred during that year or to the fulfiU-
j ment of contracts properly made within that year;
and such balances not needed for the said purposes
i shall be carried to the surplus fund: Provided, That
this section shall not apply to appropriations known
as permanent or indefinite appropriations.
j The effect of this will be that if any money
; shall be paid out after the expiration of the
| fiscal year it can only be charged to an appro-
! priation made in the preceding year, when it
is for the purpose of carrying out contracts
made in the previous year, or paying expenses
actually incurred in the previous year. 1 think
with this limitation the whole mass of these
appropriations will be transferred to the sur-
plus fund, and we shall commence with new
books. Then the appropriations made in this
and other appropriation Dills will be placed to
the credit of the proper fund at the beginning
of the next fiscal year, and these unpaid and
old unexpended balances can only be applied
to the payment of existing liabilities or to the
execution of contracts made properly during
the last year.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I suggest to the Senator
from Ohio that from his amendment it appeftrs
that there is no limitation of the time. Ac-
cording to the phraseology of the amendment,
as I understand it, it is left to the head of each
Department to*determine as to when these lia-
bilities that have accrued against an appropri-
ation may end or when contracts may be satis-
fied. He may so conclnde, years after the
appropriation is made, that the balance ought
to be transferred.
Mr. SHERMAN. No; my friend is mis-
taken abou t that. The head of no Department
has anything to do with the statement of ac-
counts. The proper Auditor or Comptroller
determines for himself, and he is the only per-
son to see whether or not the contract was
made within the fiscal year or whether this
expenditure was incurred within the 'fiscal
year. The objection I have to the proposition
reported by the Committee on Appropriations
is that it does refer the matter to the head of
the projSer bureau.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I may have mistaken the
term when I said "head of a Department,"
but the- head of any office whose business it is
to determine whether these moneys are neces-
sary to meet the expenses incurred or to sat-
isfy contracts. Does not the amendment allow
him an indefinite time and an indefinite con-
trol of the fund for the purpose of deciding
that question ?
Mr. SHERMAN. On the contrary, these
judicial officers, because they are such, pass-
ing upon higher matters even than the Supreme
Court, have got to find judicially that the con-
tract was made within that fiscal year, Or that
the expenditure was incurred within that fis-
cal year, although paid out in the following
year. But I have no objection to the sixth
section of the amendment standing as it is.
That cuts off all balances at the end of two
years, whieh would leave one year in which to
settle all accounts; and then, at the end of twd
years, all these balances would be transferred
to the surplus fund. Leaving the sixth section
to stand, perhaps that, with my amendment,
would better accomplish the object we have in
view.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Committee
on Appropriations is in entire harmony with
the views of the Senator from Ohio, the chair-
man of the Committee on Finanoe. The only
