2384
TBI CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
IN SENATE,
Moxday, April 4, 1870..
Prayer by the Chaplain, Bev. J. P. New-
MAX, 1). D.
The Journal of Friday last was read and
approved.
DOUSE 1SILLS IIUFEHRED.
The following bills and joint resolution were
severally read twice by their title, and referred
to the Committee on Claims:
A bill (H. E. No. 693) for the relief of Daniel
K. Wunderlieh, of Chambejrsburg, Pennsyl-
vania;
A bill (H. R. No. 794) for the relief of II.
Lawrence Scott, late agent for the sale of in-
ternal revenue stamps in the thirteenth district
of Pennsylvania;
A bill (H. 11. No. 1026) for the relief of
Mary Ann Stonelield, widow of Benjamin
Stonefield;
A bill (H, R. No. 1176) to provide for the
settlement of t.ho claims of Archer N. Martin,
late assessor of internal revenue for the seventh
collection district of Pennsylvania;
A bill (H. R. No. 1GUG) for the relief of Otis
N. Cutler, of Missouri; and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 224) for the
relief of Mrs. Margaret. P. Robinson, of Ken-
tucky.
The bill (II. R. No. 520) for the relief of
L. F. Larken, of YVeldon, North Carolina, was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Ollices and Post Roads.
The following bills and joint resolution were
severally read twice by their titles, and referred
to tlie Committee on Military Affairs:
A bill (II. R. No. 540) for the relief of L.
R. Straus, of Macon city, Missouri ;
A bill (11. 11. No. 1001) for the relief of
Abednego B. Bowden, late second lieutenant
eleventh Tennessee cavalry;
A bill (II. R. No. lGCo) for the relief of
.1 ames Rock, of Saginaw, in the State of Mich-
igan ; and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 222) granting
condemned guns for soldiers' monument at
Fuirmount Cemetery, Newark, Now Jersey.
The joint resolution (II. R. No. 225) for the
relief of P.irdon Worsley was read twice by
its title.
Mr. FliNTON. 1 was about, to ask that
that joint resolution be put upon its passage,
but if any Senator desires it 1 shall have no
objections to its reference to the Committee on
Claims.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New York asks unanimous consent that this
joint resolution be put upon its passage. It
will bo reported in full, after which the Chair
will ask for objections, if any.
Mr. FENTON. I presume there will be no
objection to it.
ill-. EDMUNDS. I object, not because I
have any objection to the claim, hut with the
list of pension and other bills that are just as
pressing as that I feel bound under the rules
to object to everything until we take up (bo
Calendar in its order.
Mr. FKNTON. Very well, let the joint res-
olution be referred.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be referred
to the Committee on Claims.
MXKCDTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
lay before the Senate a report from the Secre-
tary of the Navy, which, being brief, the Secre-
tary will read in full.
The Secretary read as follows:
Navy Depatitmext,
Washington, March 39,1870.
Sir: In response to the resolution of the Senate,
of the 9th, instant, ''That the Secretary of tlio Navy
he requested to furnish to the Senate any information
he may have received as to the sinking of the United
States vessel Oneida bythe British steamer Bombay
in tho harbor of Yokohama," I have tho honor to
say that I have this day transmitted to the House of
Representatives, in response to a resolution of that
body of earlier date, all the information, documents.
and reports in tins possession of the Department re-
lating to the sinking of tho United States steamer
Onoida. As those are voluminous and will probably
beprinted by the order of the llouso of ltepresenta-
tives, and available for the information of tho Senato,
I bctr respectfully to rrplyto tho resolution of your
honorable body by referring you to the reports so
forwarded to the House.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
GEORGE M. ROBESON,
Secretary of the iVaey.
Hon. Sciiuyme Colfax, Vice President cf the United
fttatea, and President of the Senate.
The report was ordered to lie on the table.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. MORTON. I present a memorial from
Charles F. Coffin, Achilles Pugh, and other
leading members of the Orthodox Society of
Frieuds in the State of Indiana, representing
that that society commenced its work of reform
and missionary work among tho Shawnee In-
dians in 1807. 1 desire to have the attention of the
Committee on Indian Affairs to this memorial.
They established schools and churches, erectcd
grist and saw mills, and attempted to instruct
the Shawnees in the work of farming and the
mechanical pursuits as early as 1807. They
have expended in this work from time to time
over lifty thousand dollars, being contributions
upon the part of members of that society. Tho
property they occupy for missionary and other
purposes connected with their good work is
three hundred and twenty acres, supposed to
bo worth now from fifteen to twenty thousand
dollars ; and they ask, and have asked by a
memorial which I presented here perhaps a
year ago, that there be a deed made to them
ior this land as a society, that they may continue
their missionary and reform work upon it. They
say :
' Whilowoasknoreturn fur money clioerfully and
freely expended l'or the good of the Indians, wo do
ask. as u mat ter of simple justice, that thoreal estate
wo havo so long occupied, improved, and tin ally eon-
tnicted for with tho Indians m 1S53. (see momorial,)
at which time land equally well situated eould havo
been purchased at Oongiresspriees, shall liotbealien-
atod from us."
Under a treaty concluded with the Indians
in 1854 an order has been issued for tho sale
of this reservation, including this property be-
longing to the Society of Friends, by which it
will be wrested from them very unjustly and
improperly. They desire that the treaty shall
bo so amended as to reserve to them this prop-
erty for this missionary work, and they show
that they had an arrangement with the Indians
themselves as long a«o as 1858 by which this
property was to be reserved for that purpose.
I know the men whose names are signed to
this memorial. 1 know them to.bo men of tho
highest character, men of Christian piety and
high standing in that church, men who have
been all their lives devoted to works of benev-
olencc and reform in some way or other. 1
movo that this memorial bo referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and 1 hope they
will give it their early attention, and take such
action a-s will prevent the sale and sacrifice of
this property.
Mr. IIAULAN. Before that motion is
adopted I wish to make a remaik or two. The
public mind is frequently misled by these cx
parie statements, from which the people of the
country draw conclusions that Congress and
the Government are constantly inflicting acts
of injustice on the poor Indian tribes. The
i'acts in this case are these : many years ago the
Friends established amission among the Shaw-
noes and expended money there, as other reli-
gious denominations have done; but the Indians
have diminished greatly in numbers ; some of
them have made advances in civilization and
tho knowledge of the arts of civilized life, and
have become citizens of the United States. A
few of them, known as Black Bob's hand, still
maintain their tribal organization and wish to
move away. The Shawnces do not think the
Friends are entitled to this land. They think
the land belongs to them. The rule heretofore
adopted in the case of the distribution of mis-
sionary property has beeu this: if the religious
society is disposed to keep up its schools and
follow the Indiana to their new homes, then they
are granted either the land or the value of the
land, couditioned that they reestablish their
missions and schools with the Indians at their
new homes. I inquired of soj e Friends who
represented this claim before the committee
what their purpose was in relation to the final
disposition of the proceeds of the sale of this
half section of land—whether they intended to
follow the Indians up to their new homes and
establish new schools and continue to aid in
the education of their children, and was in-
formed that they had no such present purpose..
They seemed to think that everybody knew
their people were benevolent in their pur-
poses, and that this money would be applied
for benevolent purposes, if it were not applied
for the benefit of the Shawnees. The question
actually raised is whether this land shall be
disposed of for the benefit of the Shawnees or
whether it shall be disposed of for the benefit
of tho Society of Friends in some other un-
known and undefined benevolent enterprise.
When wo come to examine the facts more
closely, as the committee doubtless will if this
memorial should, be referred to them, the
facts, 1 think, will ba developed about as 1
have stated them. I shall, as .one member of
the committee, of eourse take all the tim.e
necessary to look into the matter and attempt
to understand it fully.
Mr. MORTON. There is no dispute about
this land having been improved, not by the
Indians, but by the Society of Frieuds, com-
mencing many years back—more than sixty
years ago. Further, there is no dispute, be-
cause the papers have already been submitted
to tho Senate showing that the Indians them-
selves, some twelve years ago, agreed that the
property should be reserved for the benefit of
this society, as they had improved it. That
was their contract, and there was a subsequent
treaty made with the Indians recognizing that
fact; but the Government rejected the subse-
quent treaty and fell back upon the treaty of
1854, which had been made with these Indians
before this arrangement was made. It is u
question whether the Indians themselves now
are not willing to stand by it; in other words,
they want to havo this land sold and them-
selves get the money. Tho few that are left
there have repudiated the agreement and desire
to have the lands sold and get the money ;
but it would be an act of such gross injustice
thai, I cannot think the committee, when they
come to understand the full merits of the case,
will indorse any such view. I think the com-
mittee^ will see that we are bound to enforce
what is the obligation between the Indians
and the society, that tho society shall have
the benefit of this land which they have im-
proved. It is but the principle that has
been carried out in regard to every private
individual who settles upon and improves a
piece of wild land that he shall have the ben-
efit of it. Here this settlement was made at
great expense more than fifty or sixty years
ago, and all that the society asks is, if this
reservation is to be sold, that they shall not
lose the benefit of their improvements and they
go to some speculator.
Tho memorial was referred to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. CATTELL. I present a petition, very
numerously signed by some of the most exten-
sive nurserymen and florists of the country,
praying for a repeal of the duties on trees and
plants, on the ground that by the delay inci-
dent to their examination in the custom-house
more than half tho tender plants imported are
lost, i move that this petition be referred to
the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I present the petition of
Sophia Holmes, of this city. She states that
in 1854 Colonel Seaton, late of the National
Intelligencer, purchased at public auction her
