426
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 3,
Ho. of Reps.
Income Tax—Mr. Cleveland.
41st Cons....2d Sess.
loss laws were repealed, and the two first sec-
tions of this bill adopted, we should at first
buy ships and commence running them ; then
we should have the repairing to do at home,
and soon we should get to building them for
ourselves.
And again, by adopting the two first sec-
tions of this bill we should in all probability
be able to build iron steamers at competing
prices within the next four or five years, and
m the mean time we should only have pur-
chased enough to make a beginning in the re-
covery of the carrying trade. It has been
truly said that whoever controls the commerce
of the world controls the wealth of the world,
and I say that whoever does the carrying of
t.hatcommerce gathers the wealth of the world,
for the commerce of the world will have topay
a tax to the nation that carries it, the freights
are an enormous drain upon commerce, and
we are so situated geographically, and our peo-
ple are so constituted mentally and physically,
that we might and ought to do that carrying
trade ; and if we are not prepared to build the
new kind of vessels necessary to compele suc-
cessfully for it, then let us buy the ships, as
the Germans have done, for the present, and
reach out for a share of the wealth of the world
about us. These restrictive laws are entirely
in the interest of the ship-builders, a very
small class, and against the ship-owners, a
very large class. But if my proposition is
adopted the American ship-builder will still
retain his monopoly of building for the coast-
ing trade, which monopoly is now absolute.
Jt would affect the building for the foreign
trade, and in this the wholo country has an
interest. We should allow the free purchase
of iron steamers for the foreign traffic of over
two thousand tons burden tor the next five
years. Such a law would not affect the coast-
ing trade, and injures no existing trade, for we
are building no such vessels now. Out of one
hundred and seventeen steamers soiling out of
American ports on the Atlantic coast not one
is American.
Income Tax.
REMARKS OP HON. 0. CLEVELAND,
OP NEW JERSEY,
In tub House of Kwresgntativbh,
Jane 3, 1870,
On tho bill (H. It. No. 204u) to reduco interna! taxes,
uud for othor purposes.
Air. CLEVELAND. Mr. .Speaker, the: dis-
cussion so far on the proposition lo strike out
the income lax from this bill has developed
the fact that section is arrayed against section ;
that States paying no tax, or but a small part
of this tax, are in favor of retaining it, while
those States that pay the tax are opposed to it.
Now, 1 protest, Mr. Speaker, that that is not
the proper course to pursue ; such a course is
narrow-minded and selfish, and beneath the
dignity of a legislator in the Congress of the
United States. We should not consider whether
the State or district we happen to represent is
directly affected by this tax, bat how it affects
(he whole country, and whether it is a just tax.
We all acknowledge that taxes must be levied,
and it has been the misfortune of the country
that its necessities required so large a tax to
bo collected; but we have reached a period
now when it is also acknowledged that a large
amount of taxation may bo removed.
The question is, what part of our enormous
revenue system we can dispense with, so as to
afford the greatest relief to the greatest number
of people and leave the balance that it may
be necessary to collect to fall as lightly as pos-
sible upon the industries of the country? It
was shown in the discussion of the tariff bill
fhat we are pow jn receipt of revenues that will
be about one hundred and twenty million dol-
lars this year above the expenses of the Govern-
ment, and I claim that the expenses of the
Government are at least $50,000,000 more than
is necessary ; that the necessary expenditures
should not reach above $250,000,000. But if
we cannot get any reduction of the expend-
itures, we should at least reduce the internal
revenue taxes $40,000,000, and the tariff dues
$60,000,000, making $100,000,000 ; and this
will leave about the>twenty-five million dollars
required by law to be added to the sinking
fund. We can at least do this much.
Everybody is crying out that the curse of the
country is its enormous taxation, and in this
way we may remove a part of the load. If we
can remove $100,000,000 a year of taxes busi-
ness will startup afresh, latent industries spring
into life, a new hope will enliven every branch
of trade in every country village, the farmer
will again get a fair return, and activity will
once more characterize a people suffering under
a depression that is ruinous to the spirit of en-
terprise that has heretofore distinguished them
above all other nations. Other nations have
settled down under aload of taxation they could
not bear. Shall we follow their example?
1 trust not. In removing the $40,000,000 of
internal revenue I would strike out the whole
of the income tax. It was a special and tem-
porary tax, levied for a specific term, and in-
tended only to assist the Government at a
time when every sourceof revenue was needed.
The term has expired, and the Committee of
Ways und Means now ask that we renew it.
Some gentlemen claim that it is a tax of so
much upon the wealth of the country, and there-
fore just. But it is not a tax on wealth or on
capital, nor strictly a tax on income; it is a
tax on earnings. There is a wide distinction
between income and earnings. It is not the
wealthy men who pay this tax, but the active,
earning, producing class who pay it. The
amount collected is about twenty-seven mil-
lion dollars; that is, that portion of it which
we are dealing with at this time.
The Secretary of the Treasury himself esti-
mates tho surplus revenues for next year at
$102,000,000; and it is folly to keep the
country in a chronic state of depression in
order that we may flatter the vanity of the
Secretary by enabling him to say he has paid
off tho national debt at the rate of over a hun-
dred millions a year. Sir, the fearful taxation
we have endured tho past eight years would have
entirely ruined any other nation, and we are
about exhausted. We have suffered from the
immediate existence of the war: we havo
gono through it; we have been successful in
keeping the Union together ; we have cleared
away the debris; funded an immense debt;
have all the time been borne down by the evils
of a depreciated currency, still with us ; have
lost for the time being many sources of national
wealth ; and 1 contend that if we pay our
expenses as wc go, if we save the country
from further increase of debt, we shall have
discharged our wholo. duty to those who come
after us. They will be removed from any
immediate effects of the war, will find a pow-
erful nation with vast resources still undevel-
oped handed down to them ; and at exactly
tbo same rate of taxation which wc now pay,
if we only meet our expenses, they can pay
off the national debt in twenty years from now
at the rate of $100,000,000 a year or more.
1 estimate that the increased population,
wealth, and productive industry of the country
will then be so much greater than now that the
task will be easy to them while it is very hard
lor us.
No nation has ever yet paid off a large debt;
but the Committee of Ways and Means by this
bill force this nation to pay its debt before it
has recovered from the effects of the war. I
contend, further, that the income tax as now
levied is unconstitutional. I know that it is
very old fashioned to say anything about an old
instrument like the Constitution of the United
States, and I will not urge it upon reluctant
ears. To reenact this law will be bad faith, at
least upon the part of those who were members
when the original law was adopted, and in fact
bad faith on the part of Congress. It could
not have been adopted originally as anything
but a war measure, and then only for a short
time. A pledge was thus given that it should
cease, and I demand that yon shall redeem that
pledge.
I know that Congress has not been accus-
tomed to redeem its pledges, any more than it
has been accustomed to legislate within the
limits of the Constitution; but I had hoped
that the day was at hand when it might resume
some of its old habits of good faith and re-
stricted legislation, and if we cannot abolish
this evil entirely I hope to see it greatly reduced.
The whole tax is paid by about two hundred
and seventy-three thousand persons, and by
raising the exemption to $2,000 you will relieve
about one hundred and fifty thousand ; by rais-
ing it to $2,500 you will relieve about thirty
thousand more, and will still collect about
twenty million dollars of income tax. If, then,
you reduce it to three per cent, you will raise
about twelve million dollars, which it seems to
me is all you can ask from this source. I prefer
to strike it out altogether, hut gentlemen say
it is the rich man's tax. Never was there a
greater mistake. It is a tax upon the earnings
of the industrious classes, but it does not reach
wealth as such. Invested capital does not pay
it only so far as an income is derived. In my
district the wealthiest people pay but a very
small income tax. Capital invested in landed
property, no matterhowrapidly it may increase
in value, is not readied at all.
Again, we object to it on account of its per
sonal and inquisitorial character, compelling
every family to expose all the means and make
shifts by which they are able to live, all the
earnings of the father and mother, all the
labors of the daughters, and how much each
earns, and all the private affairs usually and
fairly concealed from the public. The trades-
man and manufacturer must exhibit all his
profits and losses, and explain to the over-
inquisitive assessor why he has not made more
profils and where he met with the losses; he
must expose his books, and if he fails to con-
vince, the books are taken for examination
and all the ins and outs, the advantages and
disadvantages, that often form really his stock
in trade, are more valuable than capital, are
exposed to the asse'ssar or insolent detective
and are peddled out to the victim's competitors
in business.
And yet, after all this, about one hundred
and seven thousand persons have less than
twenty dollars each of tax to pay. It is the
most demoralizing of all taxes and costs the
most to collect it. It is paid by the honest
and conscientious middle class, while the
wealthy in great part escape. The law is a
premium upon falsehood and perjury, and no
Government can ho strong or prosperous or
permanent that willfully and deliberately invites
fraud, corruption, perjury, and demoralization
among its people. There are members upon
this floor who will vote to retain this tax be-
cause their people can avoid it; and I take it
as a further evidence of what I have long been
reluctant to acknowledge, that there is a grow-
ing demoralization of the people of this coun-
try. The time was when a man's word in trade
was his bond, but it is no longer the boasi of
the country ; and the Government itself is cul-
tivating dishonesty and fraud among the people ;
and I regret to add, it has been setting the
example by its own acts, and I point to this
