1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2885
husband for $1,000; that she made a bargain
for him by which she was to purchase him, and
paid $750 toward it; that with her consent he
enlisted in a Maine regiment in the spring of
1861, and was mortally wounded at the battle
of Bull Bun; and she now asks Congress to
give her lemuneration for her husband en-
slaved, or a pension. I move the reference of
the petition to the Committee on Pensions, and
recommend it to the consideration of myfriend
from Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds.] The proof
accompanying the petition is very full and com-
plete, and there are many persons in the Dis-
trict who take a great interest in the case.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I want to know from my
fiiendfrom Massachusetts whether he wishes
the Committee on Pensions to report in lavor
of paying for a slave; because that is a subject
thfit the committee would not wish to aetupon
without, his desire.
Mr. WILSON. Ths petitioner sets forth in
tiiis petition that a portion of the money appro-
priated by Congress to compensate for the slaves
emancipated in this District has not been used,
and she asks to be paid something out of that
fund for her husband, or else to have a pen-
sion. It seems to me more fit that she should
have a pension; and I propose, therefore, to
refer the petition to what seems to me the more
appropriate committee.
The petition was refex'red to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. SUMNBK. I present a letter from the
Secretary of the Treasury, inclosing a letter
of Hon. John Bigelow, late minister in France
and consul general at Paris, complaining of
injustice done him in a report of General Star-
ring on the United States consular system. In
the course of his letter the Secretary says of
Mr. Bigelow's vindication that it seems to him
complete, and he thinks it should in some way
be made a matter of public record; indeed, that
it should be a part of the records of the Sen-
ate, as by the order of the Senate the original
report has been published. I send this docu-
ment to the Chair, and move that it bo printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented a petition of
citizens of Naperville, Da Page county, Illi-
nois, praying the abolition of the duty on tea
and coffee, and the reduction of that on sugar
and molasses ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. SCOTT. I present a petition, numer-
ously signed by citizens of Beading, Berks
county, Pennsylvania, protesting against the
repeal of the laws to protect American indus-
try against the destructive competition of the
cheaper capital and lower wages of foreign
countries ; also praying for such reduction of
the duty on tea. coffee, drugs, spices, and other
articles'of comfort as the necessities of the rev-
enue will admit; and also for such readjustment
of the duty on articles which may be made in
this country as will prevent frauds on the cus-
tom-house, maintain home industry, and sus-
tain the wages of the American mechanic and
the market of the American farmer. I move
the reference of this petition to the Committee
on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT also presented a petition of
members of the bar of the city of Erie, Penn-
sylvania, praying for the increase of salaries of
the judges of the Supreme, circuit, and district
courts of the United States as provided in the
bill recently reported to the Senate by the Judi-
ciary Committee; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
He also presented a memorial of the Phila-
delphia Board of Trade, praying such legisla-
tion as will insure the construction of a harbor
of refuge on Block Island: which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Minnesota, in favor of such^ a
modification of the homestead Jaw as will
relieve enlisted persons of a forfeiture oi their
homestead rights, and to permit them to make
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 150.
other entries or to be reinstated in the lands
covered by their original entries, where the
same can be done without prejudice to the
rights of other parties, and upon such terms
and conditions as may be regarded equitable
in the premises ; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Minnesota, in favor of the improve-
ment of the upper Mississippi river and its
tributaries, and the construction of a ship-canal
for the improvement of the Fox and Wiscon-
sin rivers; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of the State of Minnesota, earnestly re-
questing that an appropriation of $50,000 be
placed at the disposal of the Secretary of War,
to be applied, or so much of it as may be neces-
sary, to the construction of a military post at
Pembina, or such other point in the vicinity of
the boundary line as may be determined upon
by the proper authorities as most eligible to
secure protection to our citizens in that region,
and to enforce the neutrality of our people in
case of collision between the Canadian govern-
ment and th e residents of the Red River colony;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
Mr. FENTON presented a petition of citi-
zens of New York, praying the enactment of
a law allowing the importation of pig lead from
foreign countries free of duty; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a letter of Thaddeus C.
Davis, in relation to the construction of the
act of July 27, 1868, upon the subject of pen-
sions; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. REVELS presented the petition of Clark
Lewis, of Noxubee county, Mississippi, praying
the removal of his political disabilities; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. KELLOGG presented the petition of
Brott & Davis, praying payment for the'' model
bargeBrottandDavis," impressed by the mil-
itary authorities of the United States and lost
during the late war; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, presented the
petition of Jacob Lyon, A. A. Watts, and
others, assistant messengers in the Treasury
Department and the several offices thereof,
representing that they understand that Con-
gress is about to raise the pay of assistant mes-
sengers from $700 to $720 per annum for the
fiscal year ending on the 30th of June, 1871,
and respectfully praying that this increase of
pay may be allowed to them from the 30th of
June, 1869; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Appropriations.
Mr. SAWYER presented the petitions of
John Overstreet and of Allen P. Surrency, of
Holmesville, Appling county, Georgia, praying
the removal of their political disabilities; which
were referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petitions of
A. A. Spotts, of Birdine Deskins, and of
Thomas M. Scott, Tazewell county, Virginia ;
of John Coakley, Fredericksburg, Virginia; of
Thomas F. Perkins, Buckingham county, Vir-
ginia ; of George S. Snead, Bedford county,
Virginia; of John D. Alexander, Campbell
Court-House, Virginia; of D. A. Whitman,
Speedwell, Virginia; of Burwell Akers, Floyd
county, Virginia; of A. J. Grayson, Bland
county, Virginia; of L. D. Bogle. Bland county,
Virginia ; of M. Martin Smith, Richmond, Vir-
ginia; of Levi Pennington, Lee county, "V ir-
ginia; ot'Yv\ B. Jones, Warwick county, Vir-
ginia ; of David Witt, Nelson county, Virginia;
of Daniel M. Harris, Nelson county, Virginia;
of Robert K. Hudgin, Norfolk county, Vir-
ginia; of Jonathan Koiuer, Augusta county,
Virginia; of W. H. Waller, Pittsylvania county,
Virginia; of George M. Crock well, Frederick
county, Virginia; of Samuel Barley, Rocking-
ham county, Virginia; of James I. P. Fleet,
Goochland county, Virginia; of John W.
Paine, jr., Lexington,_ Virginia; and ,of R.
D. M. Charlton, Christiansburg, Montgomery
county, Virginia, praying to be relieved from
their political disabilities; which were referred
to the select Committee on the Removal of
Political Disabilifies.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I also present a petition
of citizens of Norfolk and Portsmouth, Vir-
ginia, praying an appropriation for the benefit
of the Wilberforce University, an institution
of learning near the city of Xeaia, in the State
of Ohio, where admission is not denied to any
one "on account of race, color, or previous
condition;" which I move be referred to the
Committee on Education and Labor.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. VICKERS presented the petition of G.
W. Bohannon, of Matthews county, Virginia,
praying the removal of his political disabilities;
which was referred to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of
Colonel J®hn Warren, late of the United States
Army, praying that he may be awarded dam-
ages in consequence of his imprisonment by the
Government of Great Britain; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. HOWE presented seven memorials of
citizens of Wisconsin, remonstrating against
the division of that State into two judicial dis-
tricts ; which were referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom were referred the petitions of
Jane Brown, Catherine E. Hunter, Emma A.
A. Wood, and Blisa Bendy, praying to be al-
lowed pensions or arrears of pensions, reported
adversely thereon, and asked to be discharged
from their further consideration; which was
agreed to.
Mr. LEWIS, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 897) to incorporate the Wash-
ington and Boston Steamship Company, re-
ported it without amendment.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 146) for the return of
honorable discharge to officers, reported it with
amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (H. R. No.
215) authorizing the supply of arms for instruc-
tion and practice to certain colleges and uni-
versities, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 370) granting the
Presidio reservation to the city of San Fran-
cisco for a public park, reported adversely, and
moved the indefinite postponement of the bill;
which was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 132) for the relief of John
Graham, asked to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Claims ; which was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 192) to equalize and define the
rights of all persons who own lots in Oak Hill
Cemetery, District of Columbia, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration ; whieh
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 697) to incorpor-
ate Spears's Air Motor National Company,
reported it with amendments. _
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill {S. No. 31) to amend and.
consolidate the several acts establishing and
relating to the Metropolitan police of the Dis-
trictof Columbia,reporteditwithamendments.
Mr CORBETT. The Committee on Indian
Affairs have had under consideration a letter
