1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
120
with railroads. Now, what do the gentlemen
propose to do after they get all this informa-
tion—information running through two or three
pa^es of this bill? "Do they propose Federal
legislation? If they would do something for
the people by Federal legislation let them stop
their subsidies and land grants to railroads.
Already have they granted one hundred and
eighty million acres of land, which at $1 25
per acre would amount to $230,000,000. In
various other ways the gentlemen belonging to
the party on the other side of the House are
responsible for building up these great monop-
olies. Now they are looking after information
as to how they can cripple the children they
have themselves created. If they are true
friends of the people and wish to help them by
this information why do they on every occasion
vote down cheap timberand cheap bread ; why
do they vote down reciprocity treaties and go
for high taxes when we have already a full
Treasury? Why do they not come up and
assist the people in practice? All this inform-
ation and all the reasons given for it, Mr.Chair-
man, are mere words, empty words. I want to
see acts for the relief of the people.
Mr. PETERS. I wish to ask the gentleman
whether most of these land grants were not
made in the Congress of 1856, and whether the
gentleman did not vote for them?
Mr. COX. I did not vote for them. I did
not even vote for the Pacific railroad, as I have
often felt sorry to say. I have been almost
sorry that I did not vote for it; but when I have
seen it become a great running sore upon the
body-politic I have solaced iny conscience with
the conviction that I voted right.
Mr. PETERS. Were they not Democratic
Congresses that made these grants?
Mr. COX. Since 1863 there has been no
Democratic Congress, and the great bulk of
these land grants have been made since that
time by the Republican party, who have had
charge of the Government.
But I do not wish to >cad debate too far from
the subject. I do not believe it is within the
purview of the House, under the Constitution,
to demand so much of the people as the in-
formation sought for in this bill. If we con-
tinue this thing I am afraid we shall lose our
senses in taking the census. [Laughter.] In
order to get this information we will have to
get the highest talent on the part of business
men in order to get these facts from banks,
railroads, and everybody else. I know that
you propose to call upon the railroads and the
banks themselves for information. We will
not know much more when this information
comes in than we know now.
I-therefore oppose, Mr. Chairman, any fur-
ther inquisitorial power being placed in the
hands of these enumerators or any of the other
officers contemplated by this bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Is the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Cox] opposed to
the railroad and telegraph section?
Mr. COX. I was asking the gentleman from
Ohio, my former colleague, what he proposed
to do when he said he would grapple with these
great monopolies.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I was asking
my former colleague whether he was opposed
to the section under debate.
Mr. COX. I wanted to understand what
was the object of the section, and I desired my
old colleague to answer the question. I now
understand that he will not do so.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will answer
my friend's question if he will answer mine.
Mr. COX. I desired to know of my col-
league on the Banking and Currency Com-
mittee what he proposed to do with this mat-
ter when he got Federal action upon it?
[Hero the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I wish to say
that for one I have no ulterior purpose in the
world in this matter except what is expressed
on the face of the bill itself, to require from
these corporations an exhibit of their doings,
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 9.
so that the country may know what part of the
money of the country is paid for transportation,
that it may be seen where our money goes and
how it goes. And if a Republican Congress
has got us into trouble let us throw light on
that, or if the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Cox] has got us into trouble let us know that
fact. What we want is to get light.
Mr. COX. I will willingly give the gentle-
man all the light I have on the subject, for I
know he needs it.
The CHAIRMAN. Doesthegentlemanfrom
Ohio yield to the gentleman from New York?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I only, -wish to
state that what the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Cox] has said would be a very serious
accusation against the bill if we required the
enumerators to go into all these things. I will
say, however, that this section, and all the
additions that have been made to it, require
this class of information to be obtained directly
by the central office by correspondence. This
kind of information, therefore, will not incum-
ber the schedules, nor will it require the ma-
chinery of district superintendents and enum-
erators in order to obtain it. Were it not sol
would resistall additions whatever. I wassorry
that the amendment in the shape in which it was
presented by my friend from Illinois [Mr.
Ingersoll] prevailed. I am willing to get all
the statistics of banking ; but inasmuch as we
have already the most accurate and complete
statistics in regard to all our national banks it
seems to me unnecessary that we should dupli-
cate it in a census bill. But as regards those
bankers and brokers who are outside the na-
tional system, and who are not embraced in the
report of the Comptroller of the Currency, they
ought to be got at by the census. It seems to
me, however, that if we are required in taking
the census to duplicate all the information as
to banks, &c., it will be a very cumbrous sort
of thing. For that reason 1 a ree with my
colleague on the Committee on Banking and
Currency [Mr. Cox] that it was unwise to
introduce this matter into the bill, and I hope
that when it gets before the House it will be
struck out.
Mr. COX. I withdraw the amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. I propose as
an amendment to the amendment to add to
the section the following words:
And lie shall require cach district superintend-
ent to obtain from each and every person and cor-
poration tho number, denomination, value, and
kind of United States Government bonds owned,
held, or possessed by such person or corporation,
either in tlioir own right or in trust for others.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It is not now in
order to offer amendments to add to the section
when there is an amendment already pending.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that this is an amendment to the amendment
in the form of an addition thereto.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. I offer that
amendment under the impression and expect-
ation that the Committee of Ways and Means
will adopt some means of collecting revenue
from these United States bonds, and the in-
formation called for by this amendment will be
necessary to enable them so to do.
Mr. UPSON. Is it in order to offer an
amendment as a substitute for the amendment
now pending?
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order.
Mr. UPSON. Then I offer the following as
a substitute for the amendment to the amend-
ment :
And he shall also procure from the best available
sources full information in regard to the number of
corporations holding United States bonds, and the
amount thus held; also, the number of executors,
administrators, guardians, and trustees who hold
United States bonds, and tile amount thus held; and
the number of other persons who hold United States
bonds, and tho amount so held.
^Ir. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I trust these
amendments will not prevail. It is rather a
delicate matter to oppose what seems to be so
entirely proper. The committee were unan-
imous in their desire to obtain exactly this
information about United States bonds, who
hold them, and where they are; but after a
good deal of reflection on the subject, and con-
sultation with those who had attempted to get
similar statistics, they came to the conclusion
that it would be utterly useless to attempt it,
as we could get no accurate or comprehensive
results. Every one of my colleagues will
remember that a law was passed in Ohio a
year or two ago requiring that evex-y man
should give the assessor when he came round
a statement of the amount of corporation bonds
held by him and bonds of the United States,
and every one who is cognizant of the facts
will remember that the results were absolutely
worthless so far as regards giving anj' indica-
tion of the extent to which bonds of the United
States or other bonds are held. An attempt
to take what we will manifestly fail to get
seemed to the committee unwise, and they
therefore left that out of the bill.
There is no one thing, it seems to me, that
the people so much dislike to disclose as their
money investments, and especially those that
are liable to be stolen from them. Any one
who goes up to the bond-room of the Treasury
Department will find that every day curious
cases come in where men have hidden their
bonds away in all sorts ofout-of-the way places
where they have been gnawed by rats or charred
by lire, or something e!s« has happened to them,
all indicating great unwillingness to keep their
bonds in any open way, so fearful are people
of their being stolen.
But, Mr. Chairman, I understand that a mes-
sage from the Senate is about to be communi-
cated to the House, aud I move that the com-
mittee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, pursuant to order, had
had under consideration the Union generally,
and particularly the special order, being House
bill No. 424, to provide for taking the ninth
census of the United States, and to fix the num-
ber of members of the House of Representa-
tives and to provide for their future apportion-
ment among the several States, and had come
to no resolution thereon.
message from the senate.
Mr. Gorham, the Secretary of the Senate,
appeared at the bar and said :
I am directed to communicate to the House
of Representatives information of the death of
Hon. William Pitt Fessenden, late a Senator
in Congress from the State of Maine, with the
proceedings of the Senate thereon.
death of senator fessenden.
The SPEAKER. The proceedings of the
Senate will be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
In Senate op the United States,
December 14, 1869.
Resolved, That the Senate receive with deep regret
the announcement of the death of William Pitt
1* essendex, late a member of this body.
Resolved,, That the members of the Senate will
manifest their respect for the memory of the deceased
by wearing the usual badge of mourning.
Resolved, Thatthese proceedings be communicated
to the House ot .Representatives.
Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, the message
just received from the Senate announces that
another of the distinguished statesmen of the
country has passed away; and although the
sad event occurred many months since, and
has been heralded to the country by the pulpit
and the press, it is eminently proper that in
these Halls, where he has exerted such a con-
trolling influence, and at this time when on
assembling together we miss his presence from
our councils and begin to realize the nation's
loss, we should pause from our labors and,
consecrating a day to his memory, pay a tribute
to his virtues.
For myself, sir, I have never so fully recog-
nized the loss sustained by our country, my
