1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1441
Mr. BENTON. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. NIBLACK. I wish to know what par-
ticular part the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Benton] took in the late war?
Mr. BENTON. I contributed of my means
all I could, and did everything in my power to
assist in raising troops for the suppression of
the rebellion.
Mr. NIBLACIv. Did the gentleman send
any of his wife's relations to the war, as Arte- j
mug Ward said he did? If that gives the gen- I
tleman a claim to be considered a patriot I may !
say that I had the honor of doing that much
myself. t
Mr. BENTON. I do not think there is any- ;
thing in the gentleman's remark which calls \
for an answer. But I would inquire of the
gentleman whether he went into the Army him-
self? i
Mr. NIBLACK. No, sir. Neither did the ;
gentleman from New Hampshire. But the j
difficulty with me is that I do not vote right, i
Mr. BENTON. Did the gentleman support I
the Government and President Lincoln in the j
work of putting down the rebellion? ;
Mr. NIBLACK. I was not a supporter of i
the administration of President Lincoln, but
I contributed liberally toward putting down j
the rebellion. I may say that 1 always sup-
ported the Government, but not always some I
of the men who claimed to be its agents. j
Mr. BENTON. Does the gentleman know j
anything about the Sons of Liberty ? j
Mr. NIBLACK. No, sir, except through I
Republican sources. I never was a member
of that or of any other secret political society.
Mr. BENTON. Does the gentleman know
anything of combinations formed in the State
of Indiana having for their object to render
the Government powerless in conducting the
war?
Mr. NIBLACK. Nothing but what I have
seen in the newspapers—in the public prints
of the day ?
Mr. BENTON. Does tne gentleman know
anything of the Knights of the Golden Circle?
Mr. NIBLACK. I have just answered that
question. I know nothing of them except
through the public prints. Doesthe gentleman
from New Hampshire know anything about
them?
Mr. BENTON. If the gentleman wants any
further information about them I have not time
to give it just now, but would refer him to his
colleague, [Mr. Voorhees.] If he does not
get sufficient information from that gentleman,
I refer him to Mr. Vallandigham, the great
Democrat of the West.
Mr. NIBLACK. That is not the kind of
information I was in pursuit of just now. All
I wanted to know was what claim the gentle-
man from New Hampshire had to a high order
of patriotism over the gentlemen on this side
of the House.
Mr. BENTON. I decline to yield to inter-
ruptions which if continued would use up all
my time. My discussion was not intended to
be personal, but to show the position and ac-
tion of the two great parties of the country in
reference to the Government during the war ;
and I think that I have succeeded in showing
by the record of the Democratic party that
the leaders of that party, both in and out
of Congress, were more in harmony with
the rebellion than with the Government in its
life-and-death struggle in the late civil war.
And with an effrontery without a parallel in
political history it assumes to sit in judgment
upon the measures of the party which has just
saved the nation from its treasonable conspir-
acy, and asks the control of the Government
which it, has failed to destroy. As well might
the incendiary demand that the house which has
been saved from his torch should be surrendered
to his keeping and care. It is loud in its profes-
sions for economy, retrenchment, and reform,
and those members on this floor who are loud-
est in their professions, and who lead the van,
come to us fresh from the councils of Tam-
41st Congk 2d Sess.—No. 91.
many Hall, in the great modern Babylon, the
city of New York, where the Democratic party
having overwhelming power has for years ad-
ministered the government of that corpora-
tion with a prodigality without a parallel on
this continent. Indeed ithas been no very rare
thing for a Democratic official there to gobble
up as the emoluments of his office over one
hundred thousand dollars in a single year 1
Why should not such saintlike patterns of econ-
omy denounce a Republican administration as
extravagant, while at thesametime they them-
selves vote for the highest appropriations and
all those bold schemes which most deplete the
Treasury of the United States?
They applaud the speech of my friend, [Mr.
Dawes,] the distinguished chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations, and the Democ-
racy of my own State profess to indorse his
views, while the leaders of their party here vote
against the first important movement made by
him to curtail expenses, and the walls of this
House echoed with their denunciation of the
hardship of so cutting down the appropriations
as to necessitate the discharge of men hitherto
in the employ of the Navy Department. They
are about as consistent as the man who was in
favor of the Maine law but opposed to its
enforcement. They are very much in favor of
the noble principle of economy in the abstract,
but decidedly opposed to the mean spirit implied
in its practical application. Sir, I yield to no
one in my desire for the most rigid economy in
all the departments of the Government; for I
believe it is the duty of Congress to insist upon
the most unsparing retrenchment in all public
expenditures. Every useless office should be
abolished, every unnecessary work should be
abandoned, and the whole administration of
the Government should be brought down to the
closest possible basis of economy consistent
with the efficiency of the service.
Further than this, I believe it is the duty of
all persons, and especially those holding pub-
lic official positions, to carry into their private
expenses the example of that strict economy
so necessary in the administration of public
affairs. If we could have less lavish expend-
iture in parade, dress, and fashion, in livery
and costly equipage, and more of that old-
fashioned prudence and frugality in official
circles and among those holding positions of
influence and trust, we should have less occa-
sion for high salaries and emoluments, and
less complaint of inadequacy of income and
severity of taxation ; and there would go out
from this capital an influence against those
extravagant expenditures which are continu-
ally draining the country of its specie to pay
for the gewgaws and baubles of Europe. We
have been living beyond our means as a nation
and as individuals. The remedy is in individual
as well as national economy. Now, need I
add that I fully indorse the course of the able
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
in favor of curtailing the expenses of General
Grant's administration ? I have no doubt that
the President fully sympathizes with him in
favor of making his administration one worthy
of example for economy as well as one of strict
justice to the people of the whole country, for
such is his record and such are his pledges to
the people.
But the speech of Mr. Dawes has been some-
what misunderstood and much more misrep-
resented, as I apprehend, for partisan purposes.
It, however, seems to me that while he was
clearly right in the position which he assumed in
favor of economy, he gave some occasion for
misconception as to his views and motives in
that discussion. The error, in my judgment,
was in treating the figures submitted by the
different Departments as something more than
mere estimates, as they were, for the consider-
ation, approval, or disapproval of Congress.
Still I have no doubt that he intended to be
perfectly fair and faithful to the Administration
in that speech. If he saw signs of danger it
was his duty, ag a faithful seutinel placed on
guard at the gates of the Treasury, to sound
the notes of alarm. Is it from that to be in-
ferred that he is not a true friend of the Ad-
ministration? Is not the evidence from his
action on that occasion the very reverse ? 13
not economy for the interest of the Republican
party and the administration of General Grant
1 as well as for the people ?
i How different his earnest, manly appeals in
j behalf of economy on the part of the Admin-
I istration from the language employed toward
j him for his course by Democrats on this floor
j and the press of that party throughout the
j country. The contrast is such that the Scrip-
I ture quotation seems especially appropriate:
" Faithful are the wounds of a friend ; but the
, kisses of an enemy are deceitful."
But to return to the subject of reducing the
public expenses. I believe that the officers
in the Army should be further reduced to the
number actually necessary for the management
and discipline of the present rank and file. I
; am in favor also of a large reduction in the
expenses of the Navy Department.
The expenses incurred for squadrons all over
, the world are as useless as they are enormous.
The North Atlantic, South Atlantic, Pacific,
Mediterranean, African, East and West India,
\ and home squadrons swallow up yearly millions
of the people's money, and they are all for show
and nothing more. The pretense of affording
; protection to American commerce is all false
and fraudulent. The yearly cost of a single
: squadron is greater than all the property they
ij have saved to the country since the foundation
of the Government. Three or four rebel pirate
ships swept our commerce from the seas, and
all our squadrons and their admirals command-
| ing were powerless to prevent it. Lop off these
j useless expenditures; let the waves continue
j! to roll over League Island for another century
ij at least; dismiss from the Army the hundreds
of useless officers who draw their subsistence
from the hard earnings of the toiling millions,
and then we shall be able to strike off the heavy
taxes from the raw materials of many import-
ant branches of industry and the necessaries
of life, such as tea, coffee, and sugar, from
salt, which is a necessity alike for all, and from
the coal upon which all depend for heat and
light and power.
W e should have no more expensive and useless
acquisitions offoreign territory, drawingin their
train the expenses of territorial establishments
and military armaments with no adequate re-
turn. And now I desire to express my dissent
from the doctrine that this branch of Congress
has no power in the acquisition of territory but
to register the decrees of the Executive and the
j Senate by providing the means for carrying
them into effect. I believe that the power which
j guards the public Treasury has a right to a
voice upon a measure which involves the ex-
penditure of millions of dollars for property
that the nation does not need. I consider it
the duty of this House to set its face as a flint
against all such schemes, and to refuse the ap-
propriations necessary to carry them into effect.
I am for rigid economy of administration and
unsparing reduction of expenses, because I
believe that by this policy, and this alone,
together with a proper development of our re-
sources, we may not only reduce taxation so
as to relieve the burdens of the people and
quicken and encourage the business interests
of the country, but may be able to maintain
the national faith in the honest and honorable
discharge of its indebtedness to all its credit-
ors at home and abroad. The present na-
tional debt represents but a small portion of
the cost we have incurred for the suppression
of the late Democratic rebellion. 1 his debt
was created not alone for the benefit ot this
generation, but to perpetuate the blessings of
free government to all tuture generations ot
our people. We have already contributed to
the cost of the war that which no other gener-
ation can share with us. We have given our
best blood and our choicest sons. And to ask us
