1442
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
now to extinguish or largely reduce the mon-
eyed debt of the nation is, in judgment,
unjust and unwise. The ratio of the taxable
property of the country to the amount of the
debt is constantly increasing. New branches
of industry are developing in the East, in the
North, and in the South; while the mighty
tide of population, with enterprise and wealth,
is rolling further and further to the West, as
State after State takes her place in the Federal
Union.
The population of the country doubles every
twenty years, and in 1890 our forty millions of
people will have become at least eighty mil-
lion ; our taxable property, now estimated at
$50,000,000,000, will then be numbered by
hundreds of billions. With proper protection
for our domestic industry, and suitable encour-
agement to foreign immigration, we may look
for such a development and increase of our
national wealth that the bonded debt of the
nation, which is now but about fifty dollars
per capita upon the entire population of the
country, will be borne with comparative ease.
In this matter we may well take example from
the course of England. During the last twenty
years the English budget has shown but a very
small balance after paying expenses, and in
some instances there has been a deficit. But
the Government has been constantly reducing
taxation while the nation has been rabidly
increasing in wealth, so that the burden of the
debt has been constantly decreasing; and it
could now be paid much easier than at any
former period.
To the reduction of expenses to the lowest
practicable limit, and a consequent reduction
of taxation; to a just and comprehensive pol-
icy, embracing the wants of the whole people
while guarding with especial care the interests
of the laboring classes, upon whose intelligence,
industry, enterprise, ana prosperity the welfare
of the State depends, the Republican party is
pledged by its-professions, its relations, and its
record. It was organized by the people to resist
the encroachments of a seetional aristocracy
of capital upon the interests and rights of the
laboring masses. The emancipation procla-
mation, the fourteenth and fifteenth amend-
ments to the Constitution, by which the labor
of an entire section of the country has been
lifted from a condition of abject servitude to
one of freedom and equality, was the work of
the Republican party alone, and was accom-
plished in the face of the most determined
opposition of the entire Democratic party. It
was the first party which consecrated the pub-
lic domain to the interests of labor and placed
it in the power of every laborer to become a
land-owner at his will. The Democratic party
held undisputed power for half a century, and
during all that time withheld from the laborer
his birthright in the virgin soil of the West. To
restore this birthright so long unjustly with-
held was one of the first acts of the Republican
party, and the homestead law of to-day stands
upon the statute-book as a noble record of the
fidelity of this great party to the interests of
labor.
In the difficult task of assessing an annual
burden of taxation it has constantly discrim-
inated in favor of the citizen of small means,
and has insisted that capital should bear its
full share of the public burdens. It distin-
guishes between articles of luxury and arti-
cles of use, between the barrel of flour and
the barrel of wine, between the poor man's
wagon and the rich man's carriage. While it
exempts the results of labor from taxation to
the amount of $1,000, above that sum a special
tax is levied with an increasing ratio in pro-
portion to the amount received. Since the
close of the war the taxation and revenues
have been reduced millions of dollars per an-
num, and at the same time the Government has
paid bounties to and pensioned the soldiers of
the Army andNavy,tneir widows and orphans;
and during the first eleven months of Gen-
eral Grant's administration the national debt
has been reduced over eighty million dollars.
But as important as the question of taxation
is, and I admit it to be highly so, I regard the
question whether American labor is to be
adequately protected against competition with
the under-paid labor of foreign countries to be
vastly more important; for. in my judgment,
upon the proper solution of that question de-
pends the continued prosperity ana welfare of
the laboring classes in this country. The true
American doctrine is protection to American
labor. The Republican party are generally in
favor of protection. The Democratic party
are generally for free trade and low prices for
the laborer as well as the products of labor.
Mr. Chairman, I appeal to you, in respect to
the people of all classes, which party has been
truest to their rights and interests and is more
entitled to their confidence and support? The
Republicans of this House, through their able
chairman on appropriations, announce their
policy of still further reducing expenses and
lessening taxation. That policy the people will
indorse and support; and this great party which
came from the people has been controlled by
the people, and for the people will continue to
stand as the firm and consistent friend of the
laboring masses; not as the advocate and
exponent of the rights of one class, one race,
or condition of men, but of all classes and
all conditions, all races. It will be true to
itself, unjust to none, impartial to all; and its
future will be what its past has been, a con-
tinued growth, adapting itself to all the varied
exigencies of State and national affairs; while
it carries into the administration, both State
and national, those principles of economy
Which lie at the basis of all enduring pros-
perity and power. Under the impartial sway
of this great party capital and labor, assum-
ing their true relations, will unite hand in
hand, each sustaining, supporting, and com-
plementing the other; and will go forward in
a new career of prosperity in the great work
of developing the resources, broadening the
prospects, and building up the future of our
common country.
I now yield to my colleague from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Stevens.]
Mr. STEVENS. I yield for a moment to
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Cox.]
Mr. COX. Some time ago I introduced a
resolution asking certain information from the
Navy Department, and it was objected that
the information was already furnished. I wish
to print some remarks, in which I adduce fig-
ures and facts to show the necessity for that
resolution, with a view to hereafter again offer-
ing it. I desire permission to print my remarks
on that subject in the Globe.
There being no objection, leave was granted.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask leave to print some
remarks on the question of the removal of the
capital.
There being no objection, leave was granted.
Mr. MUNGEN. I have prepared some re-
marks on the duty of the Government to recog-
nize the belligerence of the republic of Cuba,
and as I do not desire to take up the time of
the House, I ask leave to print my remarks in
the Globe.
There being no objection, leave was granted.
Mr. TILLMAN. I ask leave to print some
remarks on the affairs of Tennessee.
There being no objection, leave was granted,
Mr. STEVENS. Through the courtesy of
my colleague from New Hampshire, [Mr. Ben-
ton,] who yielded to me the remainder of his
time, I obtained the floor to make some remarks
on the President's message. I shall not, how-
ever, now detain the committee, but ask leave
to print my remarks in the Globe.
There being no objection, leave was granted.
Leave was also granted to Mr. McCormick,
of Missouri, to print some remarks.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move that the com-
mittee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and Mr.
Dawes having taken the chair as Speaker pro
tempore, Mr. Blair reported that the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union had
had under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly the President's mes-
sage, and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. FERRY. I desire to offer a resolution.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
would inform the gentleman from Michigan
that there was a general understanding that
after the House went into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union for the pur-
pose of general debate no business should be
transacted.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. POLAND. I desire to report from the
Committee on the Revision of the Laws two
bills, for the purpose of having them printed
and recommitted.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
is of opinion that that could not be allowed
under the understanding.
leave of absence.
By unanimous consent indefinite leave of
absence was granted to Mr. Ela.
Mr. Maynard's motion was agreed to; and
accordingly (at four o' clock and fifteen minutes
p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. AMBLER: The petition of Samuel
G. Patterson and 41 others, citizens of Ohio,
praying for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
By Mr. ASPER: The petition of James B.
Fry and 32 others, citizens of Terre Haute, Put-
nam county, Missouri, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
By Mr. BEAMAN : The petition of Mat-
thews & Wilson, cigar manufacturers. &c., of
Detroit, Michigan, asking for the restoration
of the tariff rates on imported cigars to three
dollars per pound and fifty per cent, ad
valorem.
By Mr. BECK: The petition and accom-
panying papers of James Q. Chenowith, of
Mercer county, Kentucky, praying for relief
from political disabilities.
Also, the petition and accompanying papers
of James S. Chrisman, of Wayne county, Ken-
tucky, praying for relief from political disabil-
ities.
Also, the petition accompanying the appli-
cation of Richard Hawes, of Kentucky, pray-
ing for removal of his political disabilities.
By Mr. BENNETT: A petition of the Ma-
rine Engineers' Association of the district of
Buffalo, praying for a repeal of the law of
June, 1864, regarding licensed engineers, and
praying for an amendment of the law of 1852.
Also, a petition from citizens of Buffalo,
New York, praying that Congress pass a law
to give a pension to the soldiers of 1812.
Also, a petition from citizens of Buffalo
against renewal of the income tax.
Also, petitions from North Collins and
Looneyville, Erie county, New York, in favor
of the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. BOLES: A petition from citizens
of Springtown, Benton county, Arkansas, for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. CESSNA: Two petitions of citizens
of Pennsylvania, praying for a reduction of
the duty on cigars.
Also, five petitions for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
By Mr. CHAVES: The petition of Alexan-
der Duvall, of New Mexico, praying to be
reimbursed for losses sustained by him upon
his property, being compelled to abandoiror
destroy the same, as a military necessity, by
the commanding officer of Fort Stanton, New
Mexico.
By Mr. FERRY: The petition of Captain
