THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
be alone upon the alien who has already united
liis destiny-witli ours. Its spirit and temper
,are in hostility to one of our most important
•national interests; it is an unfriendly blow
struck at European emigration and calculated
if not intended to hinder and retard it. Itwill
not, I suppose, be pretended, except by the
blinded partisan, the bigot, the Native Ameri-
can,' the'Know-Nothing, that this has not beeu
on'e of the chief sources of our national wealth,
•growth, and unparalleled national prosperity.
Thevalue of immigration, its effect, itsinflueuce
upon the people and Government of the Uni-
ted States, can never be comprehended. The
proportion of our population derived from that
source since we became an independent nation
can probably never be ascertained with entire
accuracy, it is doubtless considerably more
than half. Mr. Frederick Kapp, one of the
immigration commissioners of the State of
New York, a gentleman of large experience,
and who has devoted much time and study to
the subject, in a recent and most valuable
essay, estimates it at about two thirds. That
is to say, the whole white and free population
in the year 1790 being three million two hun-
dred and thirty-one thousand nine hundred
and thirty, would, at a rate of increase ascer-
tained to be approximately true, amount in
1865 to nine million thirty-lour thousand two
hundred and forty-five, while in fact the whole
population was at that time, exclusive of slaves,
about thirty millions. I mmigration had there-
fore added twenty million nine hundred and
sixty-five thousand seven hundred and fifty-five
since that year. Incredible as it may appear,
it is probably true that the Old World has
during the last eighty years poured into the
United States the mighty host which now, with
the natural increase, composes two thirds of
our entire white population.
And this grand exodus is still going on.
Headed by the Irish and the German, every
nation of Europe is sending her recruits to
swell the prodigious stream of human life as it
flows across the ocean and over the continent,
scattering and covering our vast domain like
the leaves of the forest. The last year brought
us the gigantic army of more than three hun-
dred and fifty-two thousand souls. It is indeed
an army grand and mighty as an "army with
banners, coming to conquer not us or our
children, but to join us and them in subduing
a continent., and conquering the highest and
noblest civilization of the ages.
Their banners are inscribed with words of
" peace and good will to men," and they come
to east in their lot with ours and share with us
the great inheritance of civil and religious lib-
erty. They come with stout hearts and strong
minds, to share the evils, bear the burdens, and
enjoy with us the blessings of this New World.
They abandon the laws, the traditions, the hab-
its, and the associations of their ancestors,
and conform obediently and voluntarily to the
Constitution and laws of the Republic. There
need bcT no fears that they will overrun the
land and outnumber the natives. They have
done this already.
If thSir purpose and mission were to over-
throw our civilization, overrun and conquer
the land by their numbers, the work would
already be accomplished. But they come ani-
mated with the same spirit of liberty, imbued
with the same love of free government, and
inspired with the same high hopes and lofty
aspirations for the glory and renown of this,
our common country, that lillod the founders
of the Republic. Let the intolerant traducer,
too, stand confounded when he charges that
they are paupers, sloughed and rejected by the
over-peopled countries of Europe, come to eat
out and destroy our substance. All our past
history and experience are against him. it is
well ascertained that by the three hundred and
fifty-two thousand souls immigrating annually
the country actually gains move thau a million
dollars a day, and that immigration within the
last twenty-five years hasincreased the national
wealth more than five thousand million dol-
lars.
But immigration has done and is doing vastly
more, than this for the United States. It should
not be overlooked that as the vast tide flows on
from the Atlantic to the Pacific it leaves here
and there and all along the stout-hearted farmer
and the sturdy and industrious mechanic, whose
labor and enterprise are adding other millions
to the taxable property and wealth ofthe coun-
try. The forests fall, and dwellings of comfort
and luxury are raised up everywhere as if by
magic, and fruitful, productive, and luxuriant
immigrant farms cover the broad prairies, the
valleys, and the mountain sides from one ocean
to the other, the value of which no man can
count. And this is not all, The immigrant
is a part of the body-politic. He is not becom-
ing, but he has already become a part of our-
selves. He is everywhere among us. He is
in every department of the Government, filling
positions in the States and in the Republic the
most delicate, the most responsible, the most
honorable, and the most sacred. He is of the
skilled workmen, the teachers, the scholars,
the poets, the historians, the men of science,
the doctors, the lawyers, the clergy, the philos-
ophers, and the statesmen. He fights our bat-
tles, commands our armies, makes our laws.
He is here on the floor of this House and in
the Senate. He gives impetus to thought., and
energy and enterprise to science, lie facili-
tates the execution of every species of private
and public work. There is not a man here or
elsewhere throughout all the land who does
not feel his power, whose mind and heart have
not been moved and influenced, whose moral,
intellectual, and physical life has not been
swayed and shaped by this contact, this meet-
ing and mingling of nationalities on the Amer-
ican continent. All these things are not sus-
ceptible of valuation.
The arrivals thus far indicate a large increase
of this over former years. Ireland especially
seems moved by a new impulse. Every vessel
from there comes freighted with her hardy and
stalwart .sons, fleeing from sorrows and oppres-
sions which they will no longer endure. Not
content with sending her thousands, it seems as
though she had made up her mind to come
herself. Other countries on the continent
present similar indications of a large increase.
So that with no new impediments thrown in
the way, with no unfriendliness on our part or
hostile legislation to check or change the cur-
rent as it is now setting in, we may well antici-
pate a most prosperous future in that regard.
And, sir, in view of our present situation and
condition as a people, in view of the immense
debt and taxation oppressing and weighing us
down into the very dust., in view of the enorm-
ous sum per capita that this debt imposes upoa
the present population, as well as the large
the unprecedented percentage of the aggre- I
gate wealth it represents, and in view of the '
mighty continent of unsettled and uncultivated
acres of rich and fertile lands, and the mount-
ains of minerals, ofgold and of silver, awaiting
only the husbandman and the miner to be
added to our taxable resources, who is there so
unwise, who so intolerant, who so fool-hardy
as to do anything to check or retard the flow
of this fountain of our national prosperity?
Nothing can be done so adverse, so damaging
to every material interest of the United States
as to adopt a policy that can by any possibility
have the effect to turn the tide of European
emigration from our shores. The settlement
and growth of the country affouls the only
rational hope of the payment of the national
debt. The present population and wealth no
one, not even the most sanguine, 1 suppose,
believes can ever pay it. Stop the influx of
foreign population and foreign capital, its pay-
ment will be an impossibility and its repudia-
tion a necessity. The interest alone will onlv
be paid for a limited period of time.
ivlr. Speaker, is it not time the innovating,
the destroying hand of Radicalism were stayed?
Have cot its assault upon the established form,
structure, and long-approved policy of the
Government gone far enough? Are there not
some things in our system valuable, venerable,
sacred, and which are not to be sacrificed to
the mad demands and schemes of this reckless
and unprincipled party? Party spirit and party
iuterest should certainly no longer shape and
control all our legislation. Party, if it must
dominate, should at all events have principles
and policy embracing a wise, broad, compre-
hensive statesmanship, a statesmanship capable
of comprehending in its vision, in some small
degree at least, the mighty empire and destiny
which lies before us.
Appreciating the advantages we have derived
from immigration, and the importance of it in
the future development of this country, it would
seem as though there could be 110 difference
of opinion as to our true policy. Immigration
to this country is not accidental. Nor is it
altogether the result of natural causes. There
are other climates as genial, other soils as rich
and fertile as ours, others possessing all the
natural advantages of this. The chief attrac-
tion to the European immigrant has been at
all times the liberality of our Government and
laws and the generosity with which he is re-
ceived. The intelligent immigrant will always
seek that country whose Government suits him
best and where he is most kindly received;
where, with the least delay and trouble, he can
become a full member ofthe body-politic.
He especially prefers and will seek the coun-
try where he can enjoy to the fullest extent the
right of self-government, where his tastes and
habits of life will be the least interfered with,
where he may have the greatest freedom of
religious belief, where for a reasonable price
he may become an owner of the soil, and where
he can most speedily and freely enjoy all the
privileges and rights of government equally
with the most favored who are there before
him.
And, sir, as for myself, to the immigrant
coming here in good faith to make this country
his country, and cast his lot in with us, 1 would
grant all these privileges at once. Actual resi-
dence with intention of remaining, renunciation
of all former allegiances, and his oath of alle-
giance to the United States, are all I would re-
quire. I would then welcome him as a citizen
without doubt, without distrust, with a warmth
and affeqtion that would make him feel that it
is indeed a welcome generous and confiding;
that naturalization is like the marriage union,
mutual and reciprocal; that it is as freely given
as it is received. I would secure and insure
his love for his adopted country by the gener-
ous and confiding affection of the country for
him. He should love it and us because we
love, kindly treat, and sacredly guard and pro-
tect him. From that moment his appeal to the
flag of the Republic for his protection in the
full rights of American citizenship should never
be in vain. No tyrant Power should ever again
be allowed to call him to account for what he
might say or do within the precincts of the
United States. And until every effort and
power of the Government had been put forth
and exhausted without avail should he be per-
mitted to languish for such pretended crime in
a foreign jail.
In thus speedily admitting aliens who come
here from Europe to naturalization I should
apprehend no danger to our country, its insti-
tutions, its freedom, its strength, or its per-
petuity. These men love free government,
love liberty, and appreciate them, because they
have known and felt ill their own persons the
hand of tyranny and power. They resign many
things and give up much to which the human
heart most strongly clings for the sake of gov-
erning themselves and feeling that they and
their children are free and to enjoy the bless-
ings of freedom. Liberty, free government,
free institutions are not endangered, are not
unsafe in such hands. They have not, fled from
the despotism of the Old World to help estab-
