5218
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
this to be the fact; that goods shipped from a
foreign and distant port, and reaching our coast
at any port, and allowed to go interior mto_the
market without an inspection and examination,
would open a door to fraud that no man could
estimate. I believe so now. There was the
difference in these propositions. It is the fraud
that is perpetrated in the shipmentof the gooa3
between the foreign port and the port where
they reach this country, not from New York to
Cincinnati, not from Portland to Montreal.
Now, air, everything that is sent under your
present arrangement is inspected a revenue
officer going either way, and ho is able to make
out a manifest, which goes along with it, of
every article that goes in. Now, if Senators
will-give that inspection at the port of entry
where the foreign goods come, so that there
shall be a certainty that there shall he no Iraud
between the foreign and domestic port, I
am ready to vote for any such measure at any
time.
Mr. SHERMAN. Shall I read the Senator
the third section of the amendment just voted
down which makes that very provision ?
Mr. HAMLIN. Yes, sir; read it.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is as follows:
That upon the receipt of the goods, wares, and
merchandise, a.nd of the invoice and bond named
and described in the foregoing sections of this act.
the collectorof the portof original importation shall
ascertain all the marks and numbers, and also ttie
exact weight and precise dimensions of each and
every case or package of said merchandise, and
shall transmit a detailedstatement thereof to tbecol-
lcetor of the port in the United States for which the
said merchandise is finally destined, and shal l there-
upon deliver the same to the company which is
authorized to receive the same.
And this is an exact copy of the regulations
of the Secretary of the Treasury in regard to
the trade with Canada.
Mr. HAMLIN. The regulations between our
country and Canada apply only to goods that
are going through. There is not, therefore,
the necessity for that critical and careful exam-
ination there is of goods that go into the interior
of our own country.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. HAMLIN. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. I ask if the dangers while
the goods are going through are not just as
great in the case of those going to Canada as
of those going to Cincinnati ?
Mr. HAMLIN. I answer yes; and I have
not any fear of the danger in either case of
goods going through. The difficulty is in ship-
ping from the foreign to the domestic port, and
not having that inspection of the goods at the
domestie port which the scction read by the
Senator from Ohio does not provide for. If
Senators will only listen and not be so much
excited I think I can satisfy them on this point.
It does seem to me that it maybe made as clear
as that two and two make four. A bale of
goods for Canada reaches Portland. What
care we whether it be silk or gingham ?_ It
may be invoiced gingham or it may be invoiced
silk. Our customs officer takes that, and he
marks the numbers and the dimensions of it.
It is put into a car which is locked and sealed
and sent through our country into Canada, and
what care we? It does not affect us.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is precisely this bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. Let the Senator be still for
a moment. Another package of goods comes
destined to the interior of our own country. It
is there to go through and be spread abroad in
our country. Now, is it not necessary for the
safety of the revenue that we shall know that
the package contains precisely the article named
in the invoice, and is there any other way of
ascertaining that than by opening and exam-
ining these packages? Now, your bill does
not provide for anything like that.
Mr. HOWE. Cannot that be done at the
port of final destination just as well as at the
port of importation?
Mr. HAMLIN. But my friend fails to see
that he has no guard for the frauds that may be
perpetrated between the foreign and the domes-
tic port. There is no check in the foreign
port. Suppose I reside there and desire to
send goods into this counlry. I desire to send
them into the interior. I know they will go
there. 1 know that when they reach the first
domestic port there is nobody to examine my
goods there. How do you know, then, that
they are as specified in the manifest and in the
bill of lading? There is where the trouble
exists. To prevent frauds there must be an
examination at the port of reception. With
that examination I do not think the frauds will
arise from the transportation of the goods on
cars ; but it is at the point where they are to
be received, and I believe——
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator has spoken five minutes.
Mr. HAMLIN. I want to say one word fur-
ther. I am willing to join with the Senator
from Illinois, notwithstanding his bitterness.
I shall pass that by and join liim in all cheer-
fulness in any and every bill that will yield to
the country a certainty that there are not such
frauds to be perpetrated under it, as I kuow
the Senator does not want.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator put
into the bill any check which it is possible for
human ingenuity to devise? We have been at
work upon it for three years. The boards of
trade and the chambers of commerce through-
out the country have been at work upon it, and
they say they have every safeguard in it.
Mr. HAMLIN. I say they have not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish the Senator
would putin any that he can think of. We
only desire to be put on an equality.
Mr. SUMNER. Something has been said
about the votes of New England Senators on
this bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. If my friend from Massa-
chusetts will allow me, I desire to say that I
have now before me the report of the proceed-
ings of the National Board of Commerce, at
Philadelphia, two years ago, when this partic-
ular bill was pending in the Committee on
Finance. Here are the resolutions setting out
in Jicec verba the bill, and earnestly recom-
mending its passage; and those resolutions
were approved by the delegates from the city
of New York as well as from all the other cities
in the Union.
Mr. SUMNER. I was about to say, sir,
that I am a New England Senator, and I have
voted for this measure from tlie beginning, and
now I am glad to speak for it in a humble
waj*. To my mind, the bill on its face, to say
the least, is plausible. It proposes something
which, unless open to fraud, is plainly benefi-
cial to the community; and it puts different
parts of the country on an equality with each
other. All that is perfectly obvious. _
Then I find another recommendation, that
in this bill we are following the experience
of other countries. I understand that in Ger-
many this system works well. I believe it also
works well in France. But that it works well
in Germany, a country composed of so many
different States, is to me important evidence in
the case.
But it is said that it is open to fraud. Well,
there is fraud everywhere. The Senator from
Oregon [Mr. Williams] said it was impossible
to have so many manipulations of these pack-
ages without fraud. Why, sir, that argument
of the Senator strikes against commerce itself.
What is commerce but numerous, innumer-
able manipulations of packages, the extension
of business indefinitely throughout the com-
munity ? And we al! know that just in propor-
tion as business is extended there is increased
opportunity for fraud. I do not doubt, there-
fore, that if yoif adopt a system like this there
will be some additional opportunity for fraud.
But the practical question is, whether it is not
worth while to try the experiment; whether tiie
danger of fraud is such as to deter you from a
system which has been found beneficial in other
i countries, and which on its very face promises
to be beneficial in ours. It is this view of the
case that leads me to the conclusion now that
we had better make the experiment. I would
not make it on a large scale. Therefore, i
regretted the motion that this proposition should
be applicable to cities of fifty thousand iivha>
itants. I would begin as the bill began, with
cities of one hundred and fifty thousand inhab-
itants, and if we find the experiment success-
ful, if this thing can be done without fraud in
any considerable measure, so much so as to
counterbalance the advantage derived from it,
then we should extend, it to other cities.
Sir, these are the views that have occurred
to me as I have studied this bill and listened
to this debate, and nothing that I have heard
has had any tendency to disturb my conclusion.
I think the experiment ought to be made J and
I do not believe that the frauds which will
ensue will be such as are feared. Are we more
exposed to fraud than other countries? Are
our people more given that way? If this thing
can be done in other countries, as in Germany,
why may it not be done among us?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think under the cir-
cumstances, as I am representing this bill, it
is my duty to withdraw the amendment, although
I believe it is right in itself.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Ohio withdraws his amendment.
Mr. SCHURZ. I offer the following amend^
ment, to be inserted as additional sections:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That whenever
any merchandise, except wine, distilled spirits, and
perishable or explosive articles, or articles in bulk,
imported at the ports of New York, in the State of
New York; Philadelphia, in the State of Pennsyl-
vania; Boston, in the State of Massachusetts; Balti-
more, in the State of Maryland; Portland, in the
State of Maine; Port Huron, in the State of Mich-
igan, and JS'ew Orleans, in the State of Louisiana,
shall appear by the invoice or bill of lading and by
the manifest to be consigned to and destined for
either of the ports specified in section seven of this
act, the collector at the port of arrival shall permit
the owner, agent, or consignee, to make entry thereof
for warehouse or immediate transportation, in trip-
licate, setting forth the particulars in such entry and
the route by which such goods are to be forwarded,
whether by land or water. The entry having been
compared with the invoice and duly sworn to and
the duties estimated on the value and quantity of
the invoice, and on the execution of a bond, as here-
inafter provided. the collector shall deliver the same
to be immediately transported to such port of desti-
nation at the sole cost and risk of such owner, agent,
or consignee. And such merchandise,so entered for
immediate transportation, shall not be subject to
appraisement and liquidation of duties at the port
of first arrival aforesaid, but shall undergo such
examination as the Secretary of the Treasury shall
deem necessary to verify the invoice and entry? and
the same examination and appraisement thereof
shall berequired and had a-t the said port of destina-
tion as would have been required at the port of ori-
ginal importation it such merchandise had been
entered for consumption or warehouse at such port.
Sec.—. And be it further enacted. That the bond
required by the foregoing section shall be in a penal
sum of at least double the invoice value of the mer-
chandise, with the duties added, and in such form
and with such number of sureties (not less than two)
as shall be prescribed by the Secretary of the Treas-
uiy; and the said sureties shall justify, by affidavit
taken before the collector of crstoms and attached
to the said bond, in an amount at least double the
penalty of the bond, and the said collector shall cer-
tify to their sufficiency; and the said bond may be
executed at the port of final destination and trans-
mitted to the collector at the port of first arrival, as
provided by the act of March 2,1851.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That merchan-
dise so entered for transportation shail be delivered
to and transported by common carriers, to be desig-
nated for this purpose by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and to or by none other5!; and such carriers <h all
be responsible to the United States as common car-
riers lor the sale delivery of such merchandise to the
collector at the port of its destination; and before
anj" such carriers shall be permitted to receive and
transport any such merchandise they shall become
bound to the United States in bonds of such form and
amount, and with such conditions (not inconsistent
with law) and such security as the Secretary of the
Treasury shall require.
Sec.—. And be it farther cnaofetZ.That merchandise
transported under the provisions of this act shall be
conveyed in cars, vessels, or vehicles securely fast-
ened with locks or seals, under the exclusive control
of the officers of customs; andinspector^ shall be sta-
tioned at proper points along the designated routes,
or upon auy car* vessel, vehicle, or train, at the dis-
cretion of the naid Secretary and at the expense of
the said companies, rospeeiively. And such jnerehaa-
