130
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
State, and my own immediate constituents, as
since I returned to my labors here; for although
he was my neighbor and my friend, yet it was
during the sessions of Congress that I was most
closely and intimately connected with him.
lnd$pd, since his election to the Senate it was
in discharge of his public duties here that most
of his active life was spent.
At home he lived quite retired, passing most
of his time with his family and in his garden
and library, mingling but little with society and
avoiding all excitement. His close applica-
tion to his duties here during the sessions of
Congress, which wereneverinterrupted except
by sickness while he was a member of the Sen-
ate, made such drafts on his naturally feeble
constitution as to render it necessary for him
to recuperate mentally and physically during
the recess.
A slight departure from this his usual course
probably induced the attack which terminated
his life. His sickness lasted but a few days,
during which time the hopes and fears of his
friends alternated, until the morning of Sep-
tember 7, when he began gradually to sink
away.
" His sufferings ended with the day,
Yet lived lie at.its close,
And breathed tlxo long, long night away
In statue-like repose!
"But when the sun in all his state
Illumed the eastern skies,
He passed through glory's morning gats
And walked in Paradise."
He died in Portland at his home, which he
loved so well, and surrounded by his family
and friends, who were so dear to him, at twenty
minutes past six o'clock on the morning of
September 8.
Mr. Fessenden, though born in the State of
New Hampshire, October 16, 1806, was from
his earliest childhood a resident of Maine. In
that State he received his early training and
his collegiate education, and it was in the pub-
lic scrviee of that State that he acquired repu-
tation as an able statesman.
Admitted to the bar before he had attained
his majority, he rose rapidly in his profession,
and at the time of his withdrawal from it into
political life had no superior at the bar in
Maine and very few in the country. Candid,
straightforward, and direct, clear in his state-
ments and logical in his arguments, he had
great influence with court and jury; and it was
these qualities which, brought into exercise in
the forum of the Senate, gave him such com-
manding influence in that body.
He loved his profession, and left it reluct-
antly for the more exciting and arduous duties
of political life. Identified with the Whig party,
which being in a minority in the State and
nation felt the necessity for putting forth its
ablest champions, he found it difficult to resist
the demands made upon him by his political
friends; and in 1831 he was elected one of the
representatives from the city of Portland to the
Legislature of Maine, and although the young-
est member he soon rose to distinction in that
. body and in the State.
It was during this period that the United
States Bank question was agitating Congress
and the country, and resolutions were intro-
duced into the Legislature instructing the Sen-
ators in Congress from Maine to vote against
reehartering that institution. Mr. Fessexden
made a speech against the resolutions which
is remarkable not only for that peculiar power
which distinguished his'subsequent efforts, but
more remarkable still as embodying his views
of the duties and responsibilities of a Senator
of the United States and as laying down those
opinions and principles which governed his own
action in that high position. Some passages
of this speech so strikingly illustrate his char-
acter atid shed so much light upon his course
as a public man that I cannot iorbear quoting
them here. Speaking of the proposition to
instruct Senators in Congress by State Legis-
latures, he said:
"They have much batter opportunities to givath#
question full, fair, and thorough examination than
we can possibly possess. They, too, are acting under
the sanction of an oath, and they have, therefore,
stronger inducements to give this matter, as they are
to pass upon it,such aninvestigationasitdeserves.
"Sir, I have no doubt that our Senators in Con-
gress entertain these views'. I should hesitate to
oelieve that in the discharge of their high and im-
portant trust they would .on questions of great im-
portance to our whole country yield up their honest
convictions and violate their oaths simply to comply
with the directions of any set of men whatever. I
atafree to confess, sir, that I would not thus act. On
questionsofmerelocal interests, inteiests connected
with themselves alone, my constituents have a right
to instruct me, and X am bound to obeytheir instruc-
tions.
"But, sir, on questions of general interest I have a
higher obligation; I am bound to examine and judge
for myself, to form my own opinions and to act upon
them, and them only, on a question of this kind.
Sir, did I know that the opinions of every one of my
constituents differed from my own, if I acted at all
I would act according to my own honest convictions
of right were it directly in their toeth. Those whom
X represent, sir, would despise me if I actcd other-
wise. No,sir; I mightinsuch acaseresign my office,
but I would never violate the dictates of my own
conscience. I am willing to be the servant of the
people, but I never will bo their slave."
How clearly and distinctly these words fore-
shadow the last prominent act ot his public life.
If his constituents were disappointed in his
vote on the impeachment trial they were at
least fairly warned, of the principles which
would govern the man whom they chose to rep-
resent them. Differing with him in his vote on
this question, believing then as I still believe
he reached wrong conclusions, I cannot too
strongly express my admiration of the high
motives by which he was governed. And, sir,
whatever difference of opinion may exist in
to the duty of Representatives of States
or districts to obey the expressed will of their
constituents, all who appreciate true manhood
must admire the character of him who in youth
avowed these manly principles and consistently
and courageously lived up to them against what-
ever temptation to the day of his death.
The same high tone is characteristic of the
man who in early life spoke these brave words ;
and this character of perfect integrity and con-
scientiousness impressed itself upon all with
•whom Mr. Fessenden came in contact. His
speeches were never sensational; clothed in
plain, simple language, they were severe in
their logic, apt and pointed in their applica
tion, and wonderfully effective in their infiu
ence. He seemed to follow the maxim of
Solomon, that '"it is an honor'for a man to
cease from strife, but every fool will be med-
dling;" for he never dissipated his power in
angry wrangling, or in stump speeches on cur-
rent topics, but reserved his strength for emer-
gencies when it was required; and however sud-
den and important the occasion he was always
found ready and fully armed. Making no pre-
tentions to oratorical powers, and seldom speak
ing to popular assemblies, yet few could com
mand closer attention or at times rouse an
audience to a higher pitch of enthusiasm.
He never spoke except he had something to
say, and never electioneered for the votes of
his constituents by talking buncombe from the
floor in Congress or writing it for newspaper
publication. The small arts of the demagogue
he disdained to use. He never flattered the peo-
ple to obtain their votes.
"lie would not flatter Neptune for his trident,
Or Jove for his power to thunder."
He had great influence in the body of which
he was a member; which is proof that he was
really a great man, for none othercould acquire
and retain the influence which he exerted over
such a body of men as compose the Senate of
the United States.
This influence was largely due to the confi-
dence which his high character inspired in
those with whom he was associated. Every one
felt that whether Mr. Fessenden' was right or
not he believed himself to be so and could give
a reason for the faith that was in him in a
plain, simple, quiet way, that commanded re-
spect if it did not produce conviction. He did
not seek to persuade and argue people into his
way of thinking. He only stated his convic-
tions and the reasons for them, leaving those
he addressed to decide for themselves on the
issues presented.
He had great order, not only in all business
matters, but in his mental processes. Whether
in his library at home or in his committee-room
or private apartments here this same order was
observed. There were no piles of books aud
manuscripts, no confusion of papers, but all
the surroundings were clear, clean, aud orderly
as the mind that presided over them. He kept
himself unincumbered of all waste material,
weeding out and rejecting everything super-
fluous, and retaining only the useful. Before
making a speech he thought out and thoroughly
analyzed his subject until bis mind had reached
a distinct conclusion by logical and correct
methods, and then stated in the simplest lan-
guage what that conclusion was and how he
had himself arrived at it. His construction of a
speech was like the building of Solomon's tem-
ple ; you heard neitherthesoundofthe hammer
nor saw the debris of the workman, but every,
stone was taken from the quarry ready fitted
to its place, and the building rose silently and
rapidly from foundation to cap-stone. He was
a mau of exceedingly sound judgment, exam-
ined everything brought to his attention-
critically before he decided upon it, and never
signed any paper without carefully reading its
contents, and when he did not fully agree to
its statements qualifying his approval.
Mr. Fessenden first took his seat in the Sen-
ate of the United States in 1854, when the agi-
tation of the slavery question had nearly reached
its culmination. He immediately took a prom-
inent part in the senatorial discussion on this
subject, resisting manfully the aggressions of
the slave power, and repelled with spirit the
insolence of its advocates, teaching them that
they were engaged in a conflict in which there
were "blows to take as well as blows to give."
It was in these discussions that Mr. Fessen-
den's talents as a ready and forcible debater
were most conspicuously displayed, and with
all his reputation for conservatism an exam-
ination of his record will show that in the great
contest in which slavery was destroyed, while
freedom had fiercer and more violent cham-
pions, it had none steadier, truer, or more
reliable than William Pitt Fessenden.
After a thorough examination of his con-
gressional record 1 cannot find where from the
beginning to the end of this conflict, from the
abrogation of the Missouri compromise to the
last act of reconstruction, he ever yielded one
essential point in favor of slavery. He was
not a reformer, not a man to attack existing
evils in the State; but rather inclined to suffer
from them while endurable than to disturb-the
existing forms by which they were protected.
But he resisted all new concessions to slavery,
and when he saw that the safety of the nation
demanded its destruction he aimed to do the
work thoroughly and effectively.
In the debate on the admission of the Sen-
ators from Arkansas in June, 18C4, he stated
the foundation principles which guided the
policy adopted for reconstructing the rebel
States. This not only illustrates his habits of
reflection on questions of public importance
long before they arise, but a comparison of this
speech with the report of the Committee on
Reconstruction will show a remarkable simi-
larity of thought and purpose, and that report
has been essentially the basis of this great
work—the most difficult and important ever
committed to a legislative body—which isnow
happily near its completion.
Without, according to the common judgment,
popular sympathies, and therefore not what
would be called a popular man with the people,
he was nevertheless six times electcd to the
Legislature of Maine ; once—in 18-10—elected
to this House from a district in which his party
was in a minority ; and was three times eh cted
to the Senate of the United States—in 1851,
1855, and 1859, by the unanimous vote ot his
party in the State Legislature, attesting the high
