1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5219
dise shall not be unladen or transhipped between
the ports of first arrival and final destination, unless
absolutely necessary on account of a difference of
railroad gauge, or unavoidable accident, and never
without the personal supervision of an officer of cus-
toms; and it shall be the duty of the Seuretaiy of
thoTreasury,if practicable, to avoiddesignating any
route upon which a difference of gauge or other cause
wiii render such a transfer a habitual necessity.
Sec.—• And be it further enacted, That merchandise
so destined for immediate transportation, as aforesaid,
except the packages designated for examination, shall
be transferred, under proper supervision, directly
from the importing vessel to tho ears, vessel,or vehicles
in which the same is to be transported to its final desti-
nation ; and if transferred from the importing vessel
to any bonded or other warehouse, or to any other
place than such oar, vessel, or vehicle it shall be taken
possession of by the collector as unclaimed, and de-
posited in public store, and shall not be removed
from such store without entry and appraisement as in
ordinary case*;. But the Secretary of the Treasury
may, in his discretion, and with such precaution as
he shall deem proper, authorize the establishment
of bounded warehouses especially and exclusively
appropriated to the reception of such merchandise
in cases where its immediate transfer to the trans-
porting car, vessel, or vehicle shall be impracticable.
But merchandise remaining in such warehouse more
than ten days shall be deprived of the privileges con-
ferred by this act, and shall be taken possession ot by
the collector as unclaimed, and held until regularly
entered and appraised.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the Secre-
tary of the Treasury shall prescribe forms of entries,
oaths, bonds, and other papers to be required, and
all needful rules and regulations, not inconsistent
with law to be observed in the execution of tins act,
which shall have the force and effect of law.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the privi-
lege of this act shall extend to the ports of New
York, in the State of New York; Boston, in the State
of Massachusetts; Philadelphia, in theStateof Penn-
sylvania; Baltimore, in the State of Maryland; New
Orleans, in the State of Louisiana; Portland, in the
State of Maine; Buffalo, in the State of New York;
Chicago, in.thc State of Illinois; Cincinnati, in the
State of Ohio; Saint Louis, in the State of Missouri;
Evansville* in the State of Indiana; Milwaukee, in
the Scute ot' Wisconsin; Louisville, in the State of
Kentucky, and Cleveland, in the State of Ohio.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That at, each of
said ports, for which an appraiser of imported mer-
chandise is not now provided for bylaw, there shall
be appointed an appraiser of imported merchandise,
at a salary of $3,000 per annum, and also such num-
ber of weighers, gaugers, measurers, and inspectors
as may be necessary to execute the provisions of this
act, who shall receive the ordinary legal compen-
sation of such officers.
Sec.—. Andbe it further enacted, That any person
maliciously opening, breaking, or entering, by any
means whatever, any ear, vessel, vehicle, warehouse,
or package, containing any such merchandise deliv-
ered for transportation as aforesaid, removing, injur-
ing, breaking, or defacing any lock or seal placed
upon such car, vessel, vehicle, warehouse, or pack-
age, or aiding, abetting, or encouraging any other
person or persons so to remove, break, injure, or
aeface such locks or seals, or to open, break, or enter
such car, vessel, or vehicle, with intent to remove or
cause to be^ removed unlawfully any merchandise
therein, or in any manner to injure or defraud the
United States; and any person receiving any mer-
chandise unlawfully removed from any such car, ves -
sel, or vehicle, knowing: it to have been so unlawfully
removed, shall be guilty of felony, and in addition
to any penalties heretofore prescribed, shall, on con-
viction, be imprisoned not less than six months nor
more than two years; and any person swearing will-
fully false in any oath prescribed in this act, or by
the Secretary of the Treasury in pursuance of author-
ity to make all needful regulations conferred upon
him by this act, shall be guilty of willful and corrupt
perjury.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That sections 
of this act shall take effect on the 1st day of October,
1870.
I will merely remark that this is the bill
which has recently been passed by the House
of Representatives. On the first page, line
twelve, mention is made of i{ section seven of
this act." "Seven" ought to be stricken out,
and the number of the section left in blank for
the present. Then, where the enumeration of
the cities takes place, "San Francisco, in the
State of California," ought to be added.
The PRESIDENT^ro tempore. The amend-
ment will be so modified.
Mr. TRUMBULL. "Section seven" is
right.
Mr. SCHURZ. It reads, "section seven of
this act;" but as this is an amendment to the
tax bill, the numbering of the sections will
have to be changed.
Mr. BAYARD. I should like to call the
attention of Senators to one fact. The first
section of this amendment provides that when-
ever any merchandise, except certain articles
imported at certain named ports, to wit, New
York, Philadelphia, Boston, and other ports,
shall be imported at those ports, there shall be
certain permission given to the owner, agent,
or consignee to make certain entry and trans-
portation inland and in bond.
In section seven it is declared that "the priv-
ileges of this act" shall extend to the ports of
New York, Boston, Philadelphia, Baltimore,
New Orleans, Portland, Buffalo, Chicago, and
other named ports. I submit to the Senate
whether such a law as this is not in conflict
with section nine of the first articlc of the Con-
stitution, which declares that—
"No preference shall be given by any regulation
of commerce or revenue to the ports of one State over
those of another."
_ If there be no other objection to this propo-
sition it has certainly that effect of discrim-
inating between the ports of certain named
States and the ports of other States not named
in this bill. J should like to hear some one
who proposes to favor this bill answer that
objection, which it appears to me is, or ought
to be, fatal to the proposition.
^ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri.
Mr. MORTON. I move to amend the amend-
ment on page 5, section seven, line nine, by
inserting after the word "Evansville" the
words "and Indianapolis."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FOWLER. I move further to amend
by inserting after "Indianapolis" the words
'• Memphis, in the State of Tennessee."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. Was Indianapolis in-
serted ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It was.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator from
Indiana will not attempt to insert Indianapolis
here.
Mr. CONKLING. Why not?
Mr. SHERMAN. Indianapolis is not a
port of entry. I move to reconsider the vote
by which Indianapolis was inserted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio,
to reconsider the vote by which Indianapolis
was inserted.
The motion was agreed to.
_ The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. The ques-
tion now recurs on the amendment inserting
Indianapolis.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. CORBETT. I ask to have "Portland,
Oregon," inserted after "San Francisco, Cali-
fornia."
Mr. CHANDLER. I understand that this
is substantially the same proposition which was
voted down a few moments ago.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is the House hill.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is the same thing.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is for the same pur-
pose, substantially.
Mr. HOWE. What is the question ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Oregon, to add "Portland, in the State of
Oregon."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will state to
the Senator from Oregon that San Francisco
is not in the bill.
Mr. SCHURZ. Yes, sir; San Francisco has
been added.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment as amended.
Mr. HAMLIN. There is a clause in the last
part of the fourth section which I think ought
not to be there. I desire to call the attention
of the Senate to it. The clause to which I
refer allows a reshipment of goods in transitu
taken from one set of cars and placed on an-
other ; that is, to break the seals. All goods
are sent now under a seal placed upon them
from the place of departure. I understand
that there is but one gauge of road from New
York to Cincinnati and St. Louis, and if that
be so, certainly there ought to be no unsealing
of these goods on the road.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They run what is known
asan " accommodationcar." Itchanges from
one of these roads to the other. You can send
a car from Washington city to Chicago, or you
can do so on the other route. There is what
is known as the " accommodation" car. Now,
if striking that out would not affect the bill,
and in that way we could get the support of
the Senator from Maine to help us with it, I
should be very willing to have the amendment
made; but if these amendments are simply
made to embarrass the bill 
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not offer amendments
to embarrass the bill. I assure the Senator
it is with a view of perfecting it. I propose
in section four fo strike out after the word
"destination" the words "unless absolutely
necessary on account of a difference of rail-
road gauge or unavoidable accident."
Mr. SHERMAN. I think that amendment
is right enough.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let it go out.
Mr. SHERMAN. The New York and Erie
road has a gauge now of six feet, which extends
through.
Mr. SCHURZ. I agree to that amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. In the first section of the
amendment, line seventeen, I propose to insert
after the word "been" the words "examined
and;" so as to read, "The entry having been
examined and compared with the invoice and
duly sworn to."
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is no objection
to that.
_ Mr. HAMLIN. I have not got it in the
right placo. I propose to have the clause read
thus:
The entry having been compared with the invoice,
and duly sworn to, and the goods or merchandise
examined, and the duties estimated on the vaJno
and quality of the invoice, &c.
I propose to insert after the words " sworn
to" the words "and the goods or merchan-
dise examined."
Mr. TRUMBULL. Do you mean to allow
the opening of the boxes?
Mr. HAMLIN. Yes, sir ; I mean precisely
that. I mean that you must have the bales
actually examined to see that they do corre-
spond with the invoices.
Mr. SHERMAN. That would create the
very delay which is now complained of.
Mr. HAMLIN. No; I think not. There
is already a clause in this bill that goods de-
signed for interior ports shall have the prefer-
ence, and that is right; so that there shall be
no delay.
Mr. SCIIURZ. Will the Senator allow me
to read the language of the amendment? It
reads:
And such,merchandise, so entered for immediate
transportation, shall not be subject to appraisement
and liquidation of duties at the port of first arrival
aforesaid, but shall undergo such examination asthe
Secretary of the Treasury shall deem necessary to
verify the invoice and entry.
It would seem to me that that is all that is
necessary.
Mr. HAMLIN. That is only to verify the
invoice; but there should be a comparison, I
am quite certain, between the invoice and the
goods themselves. It may be very short.
Mr. SHERMAN. Iu cases where there was
satisfactory evidence or good grounds of sus-
picion of fraud, I think there might be occasion
for it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But this matter will be
under the direction of the Secretary. Can he
not make a rule that will accomplish that?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly he can. The
fullest authority is given to the Secretary.
Mr, HAMLIN. I think by inserting after
