1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3331
Mr. POMEROY and others. Say hilf past
seven o'clock.
Mr. HAMLIN. Well, I will say half past
seven o'clock.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask whether
it will not be agreeable to the Senate to take
the recess at five o'clock, so as to give us an-
other half hour this afternoon ?
Several Senators. No ; 110.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Maine, that
the Senate take a recess to-day from half past
four o'clock until half past seven o'clock.
The motion was agreed to; there being, ou
n division—ayes 22. noes 20.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate re-
sumes the consideration of the legislative, exec-
utive, and judicial appropriation bill, and thn
question recurs on the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] to the
amendment of the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like to
have the amendment to the amendment speci-
fied exactly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is to strike
out what the commit tee propose to insert down
to and including section five, and to insert the
amendment proposed by the Senator from
Ohio.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
TheVICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
report the rtext amendment.
Mr. HAMLIN. There are quite a number
of executive papers lying upon your table, sir,
and I think they could all be disposed of in
fifteen minutes. I therefore move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is only one more
amendment of the Committee on Appropria-
tions. I hope that will be disposed of first.
It will take but a moment.
Mr. HAMLIN. I withdraw the motion.
The VICE PUESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the next amendment. The amend-
ment reported as section six, the Chair under-
stands, is considered to be agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will now report the next and last amendment
of the Committee on Appropriations.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to strike out all of section seven after the
word "to," in line seven, in the following
words:
Which is given the authority to expend the appro-
priations herein made to expend any sum in excess
of such appropriations duriug the current year.or to
involve the Government in any contract for the fu-
ture payment of money in excess of the sums herein
appropriated..
And to insert in lien thereof:
Expend in any one fiscal year Any sum in excess
of appropriations made by Congress for that fiscal
year, or to involve the Government in any contract
for the future payment of money in excess of such
appropriations.
So that the section will read :
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted. That it shall not
be lawful for any Department of the Government, to
expeud in any one iiscal year any sum in excess of
appropriations, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. Are the amendments of
tin* committee through with?
The VICE PRESIDENT. They are now
coucluded, except those which have been re-
served.
executive session.
-Mr. HAMLIN. I now renew the motion
'or an executive session. I think we can dis-
pose of the executive messages on the table
before the recess.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. At half past four o'clock the doors
were reopened, and the Senate took a recess
until half past seven o'clock.
EVENING- SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
MINNESOTA AND WINNIPEG RAILROAD.
Mr. RAMSEY. There ia some little inter-
val of time before the Senate will collect in
sufficient numbers to enter on the considera-
tion of so important a bill as the appropriation
bill.
Mr. COLE. I was aware of that, and I was
about to call up a little bill to which there will
be no objection.
Mr, RAMSEY. If the Senator will hear me
for a momeut, I think he will agree that I am
right in what I am about to propose. I failed
so wretchedly ou Thursday last in attempting
to pass through the Senate the franking privi-
lege bill that to assuage my grief a little I hope
the Senate will now allow me to pass Senate
bill No. 381. [Laughter.]
Mr. SUMNER. What is the title of that
bill?
Mr. RAMSEY. It is entitled "A bill grant-
ing lands to aid in the construction of a rail-
road from the western boundary of Minnesota,
at the junction of the Sioux Wood river with
; the Red river of the north, to the Winnipeg
district of British America." It is a road to
i go to the Winnipeg country. It will be the
i best political stroke in the world if you will
! pass that bill now.
| The PRESIDING' OFFICER, (Mr. Howe
j in the chair.) The Senator from Minnesota
I asks the unanimous consent of the Senate to
I proceed to the consideration of the bill indi
cated by him. Is there any objection ? The
Chair hears none. The bill is before the Sen-
ate, and will be read.
i Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. While I do
not propose to object to this bill myself, I know
' there are other Senators who if present would
j desire to offer some amendments to it.
| Mr, RAMSEY. I hope the Senator will
I allow the bill to be read at least.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will allow
it to be read.
Mr. RAMSEY. Very well; let it. be read.
I hope the Clerk will proceed with the reading.
Tlie Secretary read the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Let the bill
be passed over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The further
consideration of the bill is objected to, and it
will be passed over.
PORT OF DELIVERY AT VALLEJO.
Mr. COLE. I wish to take up for action a
little bill that will not take over three minutes,
I presume, which is pending uj on a motion to
reconsider. It is Senate bill No. 884, to create
a port of delivery at Vallejo, California. It
passed the Senate on the 2d of May, and it
stands on the motion of the Senator from
Connecticut [Mr. Buckingham] for reconsid-
eration.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California asks the unanimous consent
of the Senate to proceed to the consideration
of the motion to reconsider the vote on the
passage of the bill to which he has referred. Is
there objection? The Chair hears none.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Let the bill
be read for information.
.The Secretary. "A bill (S. No. 834) to
create a port of delivery at Vallejo, California.
Passed the Senate May 2, 1870. Motion made
to reconsider vote on the passage of the bill."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. 1 desire to
know who entered the motion to reconsider.
Mr. COLE. The Senatorfrom Connecticut
now in his seat, [Mr. Buckingham,] and hehas
no objection, I believe, to the passage of the
bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the reconsideration.
Mr. KELLOGG. Will the Chair inform me
when the motion to reconsider waa entered,
and by whom?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
informed that it was entered on the 2d of May
by the Senator from Connecticut..
Mr. KELLOGG. Very well, sir; I have no
objection to it.
'lhePRESIDINGOFFICER. The question
is on the motion to reconsider the vote on the
passage of the bill.
The motion was not. agreed to.
decatur and aberdeen railroad.
Mr. SPENCER, I ask unanimous consent
to take up Senate bill No. 268, granting public
lands in the States of Alabama and Mississippi
to the Decatur and Aberdeen Railroad Com-
pany to aid in the construction of a railroad to
be built from Decatur, Alabama, to Aberdeen,
Mississippi. I do not think there will be any
objection to it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suggest to
the Senator from Alabama that on a question
where he knows the Senate is so equally divided
it is hardly fair to take up a bill. I do not
know that I shall object to the bill, but I think
i it is hardly fair to those who are absent, when
11 there are Senators who desire to offer amend-
ments to all these land-grant bills.
Mr. SPENCER. I think if the Senator
will listen to the reading of this bill he will
find it perfectly unobjectionable.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I object to
taking up any railroad bills with so small a
|j number present.
| john l. miles.
!| Mr. SPRAGUE. I move that the Senate
j proceed to the consideration of the bill for the
| relief of John L. Miles. It is a bill appropri-
| ating $150 for the payment of a horse, and
1 was reported by the Committee on Claims.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary has not a copy of the bill. It has not
been returned from the printer apparently.
wilbellforce university.
I Mr. WARNER. I ask unanimous consent
to take up the bill relating to the Wilberforce
! University, to be considered now.
Mr. FERRY. 1 object to that.
j, SEA ISLANDS, SOUTH CAROLINA.
ii Mr. SAWYER. I ask nnanimous consent
|i to take up Senate bill No. 2-32. The purpose
of the bill is to make provision for closing out
the direct tax commission in South Carolina,
j The PRESIDING OFFICER. Isthereany
objection to the consideration of this bill? The
! Chair hears no objection, and the bill (S. No.
j 252) to provide for the sale of certain lots and
1 lands of the sea islands, Beaufort county, South
I Carolina, and for other purposes, is before the
! Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill was read.
i Mr. KELLOGG. I am informed that the
Senator from South Carolina who is not now
in his seat [Mr. Robertson] desired whenever
this bill was taken up for consideration to offer
an amendment,and understanding him to desire
: to offer an amendment to strike out section
, ten I make that motion. I move to amend
the bill by striking out that section.
I Mr. WILLEY. I wish to inquire if this bill
comes from the Committee on the Judiciary?
Mr. SAWYER. It comes from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. WILLEY. It involves some very nice
questions, I think. I do not know anything
about the bill, it is very complex in its pro-
visions, and it seems to me it ought to be con-
sidered by that committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from West Virginia object to the con-
sideration of the bill?
Mr. WILLEY. I am merely inquiring abont
it. I desire to suggest to the Senate and to
the Senator from South Carolina himself that
this is a bill of a character that ought to be
closely scrutinized.
Mr. SAWYER. I think there is nothing in
the bill which is liable to any objection even
by the Committee on the Judiciary. If the
