1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1443
g g Ward and others, of Detroit, Michigan,
praying for legislation for the advancement and
building up the lake commerce.
By Mr. GETZ: Two petitions from citizens
of Dale and Longswamp post offices, Berks
county, Pennsylvania, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
By Mr. HAMILL: A petition of 27 citizens
ofPiney Creek, Carroll county, Maryland, ask-
io^ the abolition of the franking privilege.
i3v Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: A
petitiou of citizens of Boston, manufacturers i
and dealers in cigars, praying Congress to j
restore the duty of three dollars per pound and
fifty per cent, ad valorem on imported cigars.
By Mr. JOHNSON : A petition of citizens
of California, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
By Mr. KELLEY: A petition of 4,113 citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, praying Congress to
accord to the infant republic of Cuba the rights
of a belligerent Power, and to recognize her
independence.
By Mr. KNAPP : A petition of citizens of
North Norwich, Chemung county, New York,
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. MAYHAM: A memorial of the
Cigar-Makers' Union No. 8, of the city of
Albany, New York.
By Mr. MOORE, of New Jersey: The peti-
tion of D. S. Stetson, A. Simpson & Brother,
and 284 others, citizens of New Jersey and
Pennsylvania, ship-builders, captains, and own-
ers of ships and vessels, praying Congress to
protect all engaged in navigation from illegal
exactions by State and municipal corporations,
such as license, pilot, port warden, harbor-
master, and port collector fees, and to encour-
age and foster American ship-building.
By Mr. PHELPS: A petition from 33 citi-
zens of Alleghany City, Pennsylvania, to abol-
ish the franking privilege.
By Mr. POMEROY: The petition of Daniel
Richmore and others, of Union Ridge, Iowa,
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Sidney Madden and
others, of West Dayton, Iowa, for the same
purpose.
Also, the petition of A. R. Thompson and
others, of Iowa, for the same purpose.
By Mr. RICE: The petition of H. B. Dobyns,
of Fleming county, Kentucky, praying to be
relieved from political disabilities incurred by
reason of participation in the rebellion.
Also, the petition ofM. M. Teagar, of Flem-
ing county, Kentucky, praying to be relieved
from political disabilities incurred by reason
of participation in the rebellion.
By Mr. SHELDON, of New York: The peti-
tion of the Cigar-Makers' Union, of James-
town, New York, for an increase of duties on
imported cigars.
By Mr. STEVENS: The petition of the
Cigar-Makers' Union No. 70, of New Ipswich,
New Hampshire, for a tariff of three dollars
per pound and fifty per cent, ad valorem on
imported cigars.
By Mr. STEVENSON: The petition of Gib-
son Brothers and many citizens and business
men of Cincinnati, Ohio, praying for a repeal
of the law levying a tax on sales.
Also, the petition of Woodrough & McParlin
and other business men of Cincinnati, Ohio,
protesting against an increase of duty on steel.
Also, the petition of C. H. Schroder &
Brother and many other citizens of Cincinnati,
Ohio, praying for a restoration of the old tariff
on cigars, and protesting against the proposed
further reduction.
By Mr. WARD. The petition of the Cigar-
Makers Union No. 10, of Elmira, New York,
in reference to the tax on tobacco.
Also, a remonstrance of 100 citizens of Corn-
ing, New York, against the continuance of the
income tax.
Also, petitions of 598 citizens of the twenty-
seventh congressional district, New York, in
favor of abolishing the franking privilege.
By Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin: A
petition of citizens of Buffalo county, Wiscon-
sin, for the establishment of mail route via
Anchorage, Waumanda, Montania, and Osseo,
to Augusta, Wisconsin.
Also, the petition of Mrs. J. G. Scarritt, to be
restored to the pension-roll.
IN SENATE.
New-
Monday, February 21,1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P.
man, D. D.
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER, by unan-
imous consent, the reading of the Journal of
Saturday last was dispensed with.
petitions and memorials.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented resolu-
tions of the Legislature of the State of Kansas,
in favor of the speedy and prompt adjustment
and payment of all claims of citizens of that
State for services, transportation, forage, sub-
sistence, and property lost in action under and
by virtue of the orders of Major General Cur-
tis in repelling the invasion of General Price,
commanding the confederate army, and the
Indian expedition of July and August, 1864 ;
which were referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
He also presented the petition of Benjamin
S. Ewell, president of the College of William
and Mary, at Williamsburg, Virginia, praying
an appropriation to compensate that college for
the destruction of its buildings, inclosures, and
other college property by Government troops
in 1862, 1863, ana 1864 ; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. WILLEY presented the petition of D.
B. Conrad, M. D., of Winchester, Virginia,
praying the removal of his political disabili-
ties ; which was referred to the select Commit-
tee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. FENTON presented the petition of
Smith Norton, of Lansingburg, New York,
praying that the law of 1861 may be so amended
as to permit the arrears of pay, &c., of deceased
soldiers to be paid to their executors or admin-
istrators; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Yonkers, New York, asking that Congress will
provide by law for the prepayment of postage
on all printed matter, except on such matter
as may be entitled to free delivery by special
enactment; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented eight petitions of citizens
of New York, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege ; which were ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. SCOTT. I present the petition of Hub-
bard,. Brother & Co., and eight other firms
engaged at the city of Pittsburg in manufac-
turing saws and other articles the material of
which is steel. They respectfully represent
that the manufacture of the finer grades of
steel attempted in this country during the last
century only begun to be a success within the
last ten years and made comparatively little
progress until the protection given by the high
price of gold and the demand caused by the
war stimulated and encouraged competition
in the business of its production ; that they
now find that the production has so much in-
creased as to have considerably reduced the
price, and at the same time the quality of the
steel manufactured in America is not excelled
by that of any other country. They represent
that a reduction of the tariff would be disas-
trous to this business, and pray that the duties
upon steel may not be reduced. I move that
this petition be referred to the Committee on
Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY presented ninety-three peti-
tions from citizens of the State of Minnesota
and other States of the West, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petitions of
William Bagby, of Louisa county, Virginia;
of Jackson Godby, of Floyd county, Virginia ;
of Francis B. Watkins, of Richmond, Virginia;
of R. C. Craig, of Virginia ; of N. A. Callahan,
of Washington county, Virginia; of Nicholas
K. Trout, of Staunton, Virginia; of R. H.
Lynch, of Abingdon, Virginia; of David G.
Thomas, of Abingdon, Virginia; of D. J.
Saunders, of Richmond, Virginia; of John G.
Kreger, of Abingdon, Virginia; of George
Turner, of Louisa county, Virginia; and of
John B. Quidor, of Augusta, Virginia, pray-
ing the removal of their political disabilities ;
which were referred to the select Committee
on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. HARLAN presented the petition of
William and John Henegan, contractors on
the improvement of the Des Moines rapids of
the Mississippi river, praying compensation for
work done in that improvement, and for dam-
ages sustained by the action of Lieutenant
Colonel Wilson in suspending them from the
prosecution of the work and the seizure of
their tools ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of
William H. Dasher, of Georgia, praying the
removal of his political disabilities; which was
referred to the select Committee on the Re-
moval of Political Disabilities.
Mr. EDMUNDS presented the petition of
Anna M. Howard, praying for an increase of
pension; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. McCREERY presented the petition of
George W. Triplete, of Kentucky, praying the
removal of his political disabilities; which was
referred to the select Committee on the Re-
moval of Political Disabilities.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Kentucky, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
franking privilege petitions.
The following petitions for the abolition of
the franking privilege were filed with the Sec-
retary, and ordered to lie on the table:
By the VICE PRESIDENT: Six petitions
of citizens of various States.
By Mr. CRAGIN: A petition of citizens of
New Hampshire.
papers withdrawn.
On motion of Mr. SCHURZ, it was
Ordered, That John H. Russell have leave to with-
draw his petition and papers from the files of the
Senate.
reports of committees.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 122) donating captured
cannon for the purpose of constructing a mon-
ument at West Point, New York, reported it
without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (H. R. No.
151) in relation to the construction of the Rock
Island bridge, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 207) to amend
an act entitled "An act providing for the sale
of a portion of the Fort Gratiot military res-
ervation, in St. Clair county, in the State of
Michigan," approved July 20, 1868, reported
it without amendment.
Mr. PATTERSON, from the joint select
Committee on Retrenchment, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 431) to abolish the
Freedmen's Bureau and provide for the Bureau
of Education, reported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred sundry subjects of investigation
during the recess of Congress, submitted a
report; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. ABBOTT, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 520) to amend an act to remove the
charge of desertion from certain soldiers of
