1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
429
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Income Tax■—Mr. Griswold.
Ho. op Reps.
taxes. Retain them in your bill and you will
meet the merited rebuke of a deceived, tax-
ridden people in all sections of this Republic.
Mr. Speaker, I remember well eight years
ago when the first tax bill passed this House.
It was just in advance of the congressional
elections. But few men could be found here
to vote against that bill. I had the honor to
be one of that number. Condemnation almost
amounting to persecution followed, by a por-
tion of my political foes. Upon that vote I
received the cordial approval of my friends,
and was returned here with a crushing major-
ity. Years full of eventful lessons have passed,
and the same confiding people have again
placed me here to represent their varied and
important interests.
I shallrepeatthatvoteto-day. Relyingupon
the discriminating justice of my people my vote
shall be on the record against taxation in all
the forms you have proposed. And in all the
legislation of this Congress I shall vote, in the
interest of economy, against all measures to
build up the rich at the expense of the middle
and poorer classes of the country. I shall
never cast my vote in favor of the creation of
irresponsible, prying Government agents, but
always shall favor a reduction of expenses, a
reduction of indolent, intermeddling employ6s
and hangers-on to the public Treasury.
Further, I shall vote against every attempt of
this Administration and this Congress to place
upon my constituents useless and onerous bur-
dens for the purpose of creating a fund out of
which the Radical party hope to carry popular
elections. Every form and shape in which you
seek to retain your power I shall protest against
in speech, and record myself against by my
vote.
Income Tax.
SPEECH OF HON. J. A. G-RISWOLD,
of new york,
In the House of Representatives,
June 3, 1870,
On the bill (II. II. So. 2045) to reduce internal taxes
and for other purposes.
Mr. GBISWOLD. Mr. Speaker, I desire
to present to the House, and place upon the
record, an objection to the revival or contin-
uance of the internal revenue taxes as proposed
by this bill, which has not, as I am aware, been
distinctly raised during this debate. And I do
tins rather for the purpose of entering my pro-
test to the reenactment of these laws than with
the expectation that I shall at this time mate-
rially iniluence action upon the proposed
measure.
By the third clause of section two, article
one, of the Constitution of the United States,
it is declared that—
" Representatives and direct taxes shall bo appor-
tioned mnons tho (several State.-; which may bo in-
cluded within this Union, according to their respect-
ivonumbcrs, which shall be determined by adding to
the whole number ot free persons, including those
bound to service for a term of years, and excluding
Indians not taxed, three lifihs of all other persons."
From the provision of the Constitution re-
ferred to it is plain that all direct taxes imposed
by the General Government must be appor-
tioned among the several States of the Union
as the Representatives in this House are appor-
tioned, that is, according to the last census or
enumeration of the inhabitants of all the States,
to be determined on the basis of that provision.
Representatives and direct taxes imposed by
the General Government must be apportioned
among the several States upon the same basis,
the actual number of inhabitants, with the
qualifications made by that provision. This
being a provision of the organic law of the
Government prescribing the basis and limiting
the manner of imposing direct taxes by this
Government, of course any other mode or basis
of imposing such taxes by Congress is without
authority and in violation of the Constitution.
It cannot be doubted, then, that the only
question under this provision, whether Con-
gress has authority to impose these taxes in the
manner and upon the basis proposed, is, are
these direct taxes within the meaning of the
framers of the Federal Constitution? Subse-
quently, in section eight of the same article,
under the words ''Congress shall have power,"
we find what was intended as a full enumera-
tion of all the powers of Congress. Among
these are, '' first, to lay and collect taxes, duties,
imposts, and excisesto borrow money, to reg-
ulate commerce, establish a uniform rale of
naturalization, coin money, declare war, raise
and support armies, &c.
These grants are in many cases general and
without limitation. Under the general lan-
guage quoted of the first clause of this section
it would perhaps be plain that Congress would
have power to impose and collect taxes as pro-
posed by this bill. But knowing that the
grants of power in the Constitution to Con-
gress and other branches of the Federal Gov-
ernment were in many cases too general, too
broad, not only the Convention which framed
it at the time, but the people afterward, made
express and positive limitations to these pro-
visions. And thus in the original Constitution,
immediately after section eight, which contains
the provision last referred to, comes section
nine, containing solely provisions defining and
limiting the powers of Congress as granted
expressly or by implication in the eighth sec-
tion.
The fourth clause of the ninth section is as
follows:
"No capitation or other dircct tax shall bo laid
unless in proportion to the census or enumeration
hereinbefore directed to bo takon."
Here we have for the purpose of a limita-
tion of the eighth section a substantial repeti-
tion of the third clause of section two,^ the
same provision that the enumeration of the
inhabitants of the several States shall be the
only basis of apportionment of direct taxes,
and this provision in the ninth section is mani-
festly inserted for the sole purpose of qualify-
ing and limiting the provision quoted in the
eighthseetion, im mediately preceding. Clearly
the only question under the provisions referred
to is, are'these direct taxes, as proposed to be
levied and collected by this bill? If so, Con-
gress has no right to impose them, because
they are not apportioned according to the basis
of representation or the actual enumeration of
the inhabitants of the several States.
Are taxes so imposed direct taxes within tho
meaning of these provisions? This question,
I believe, has never been determined in any
well-considered case by the court of last resort,
and is therefore open to comment and consid-
eration. A tax per capita is conceded to be
a direct, tax. It is not only stated oti high
authoiity, but has been decided by the Supreme
Court of the United States, that a tax on lands
and houses is a direct tax. (Story's Com.,
sec. 954 ; Hylton vs. United States, 3 Dallas,
171; Loughborough vs. Blake, 5 Wheaton, 317,
325.) Can any one draw the line of distinc-
tion as to direct and indirect taxes between
those assessed against me on account of the
watch, or carriage, or the $1,000 in cash which
I have and the land or house 1 own ? It is true,
the former is personal and the latter real estate;
but the Constitution makes no such distinction.
Is not the tax in the one case as direct as the
other? In either case the tax is assessed by
the Government on account of my property,
and paid over directly by me to its agent.
In this respect the income tax and most, if
not all, the taxes provided for in this bill are
as direct as any tax of any nature can be.
The word "direct" would naturally seem to
have been used in contradistinction to indirect;
and that a direct tax was meant, one assessed
upon and paid by the person who ultimately
had to pay it directly to the Government, and
to distinguish it from an indirect tax, like a duty
or tax on importations, or by way of the tariff',
which is paid by the consumer, not direetty,
but indirectly, to the Government, I believe
the history of the times immediately preceding
the adoption of the Constitution will show that
the people of the United States, as well as the
liberal class of Great Britain, were particularly
hostile to this peculiarly English mode of tax-
ation. Burns about this time described the
devil as "running awawith the exciseman."
The statesmen who framed the Constitution
were sedulous to guard against the partial and
unfair mode of taxation which this system, if
authorized, might lead to, and to clearly define
the manner in which the burdens of taxation
should be imposed on the several States for
the supportof the General Government. Upon
this theory, and under this system, Congress
may tax only the growers of cotton, or, on the
other hand, only the manufacturers of woolen
and cotton fabrics. In either case, you might
impose all the burdens of supporting the Gov-
ernment upon the people of a minority of the
States, as we see by this bill it is proposed to
retain, or impose the tax upon certain classes
and particular kinds of business or property,
according to the judgment, interests, or caprice
of the committee and Congress.
Again, upon this theory Congress may tax
particular classes or kinds of business out of
existence. Take, for instance, the paragraph
in this bill taxing proprietors of places of
amusement $200 each. Under this provision
theaters, the annual rental of many of which
maybe and is from twenty-five to one hundred
thousand dollars, are taxed bnt $200, which
is substantially no tax at all, while the village
halls used throughout the country by the peo-
ple as places of recreation, entertainment, or
amusement, the annual rental of which are
generally from one to five hundred dollars
each, are entirely closed, taxed out of exist-
ence.
It may bo well for public morals to pro-
hibit these small places of amusement or enter-
tainment of the people. I see it stated that
some of the proprietors of the large theaters
appeared before the committee upon this sub-
ject. 1 infer that the other class referred to
were not so represented there. 1 maintain
that the people have made neither the com-
mittee or Congress their censors, as would
seem by most of the provisions of this bill to
be supposed. It is true thatwe are all familiar
with the practice of the States in requiring
licenses to be taken out and special taxes to
be paid to the State by those engaged in par-
ticular kinds of business, such as the excise
laws as to liquor-dealers, hotel-keepers, shows,
jugglers, <fcc.", but these are matters peculiarly
of separate State polity and jurisdiction.
It must be remembered that it is clearly
determined and established by repeated decis-
ions of the Supreme Court of the United
States that the restrictions m the Federal Con-
stitution which have been referred to are only
restraints upon the General Government and
the powers of Congress, and have no applica-
tion to the State governments. Those^matters
were left and intended to be left solely to the
jurisdiction of the States.
I am aware that it may be said that Congress
enacted these laws eight or ten years since, and
that we have continued under them since
without bringing the question before the court
having ultimate power to determine it; but
the same thing might a short time since have
been said as to the legal-tender act, the in-
demnity acts, and many other measures ol
Congress for the last ten years, which have
been lately declared utterly void by the supreme
judicial tribunal of this Government.
