1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4275
lisli a despotism in the New. They have not
broken the chains of oppression and abjured
the country that bore them to helpweld chains
and fetters upon us. They have not broken
away from the thralidom of kingly power to aid
in crowning tyrants here.
And now, while there stands upon our own
statute-book, as the law of the land, the solemn
and authentic declaration " that the right of
expatriation is a natural and inherent right of
all people, indispensable to the enjoyment of
the right of life, liberty, and the pursuit of
happiness;" when the British Government,
the ancient and persistent enemy of emigra-
tion, yielding to the demand of a growing and
higher civilization has conceded the truth, of
our declaration, and is conforming her laws
and practice thereto; when the German States,
penetrated by the same liberal and exalted
sentiment, have so recently by solemn treaty
with the United States relinquished their long-
enforced claim of service upon all their citi-
zens whom we adopt; when other Powers,
moved by these examples, are lending a listen-
ing ear to the majestic voice of this the peo-
ple's demand, and considering the propriety
or necessity of conceding the right of free
expatriation, why should we, the chief recip-
ients of its immense, its incalculable benefits,
take a backward step, make this retrograde
movement? For one I denounce it; for my-
self, and in the name of the party to which I
have always belonged, in the name of Democ-
racy, I avow it; it is the folly of madmen ; it
is the absurdity of Radicalism ; it is the climax
of all its brainless follies; it is party above
country.
Mr. SARGENT obtained the floor, but
yielded to Mr. Lyncii to make a report.
REPORT ON COMMERCE.
Mr. LYNCII, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted a report by John Meredith Read, jr.,
United States consul general for France, and
moved that it be referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Causes of the Decline of Ameri-
can Tonnage, and that it be ordered to be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the vote
just taken ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NATURALIZATION LAW.
Mr. SARGENT. I now yield for one min-
ute to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Cox.] ,
Mr. COX. As this bill is aimed at New
York city, I ask to protest against it-
First, because it is partisan and prescriptive.
Second, because it is based on slanders
upon the people and judiciary of New York.
Third, because it is narrow and therefore un-
American, and Know-Nothing in every sense.
Fourth, because it destroys our present
usual and convenient modes of naturalization.
Fifth, because it humiliates and brings into
contempt the Republican members of foreign
birth, the gentlemen from Texas, [Mr. Dege-
XEit,] and from Missouri, [Mr. Finkelnbdrg,]
who have in vain tried to defend their party-—-
a party which has ostracised and by this bill
still would ostracise their constituents and
fellow-countrymen.
This is my minute, and I use it to protest
against this new Radical outrage. _
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Speaker, I wish m
my remarks upon this measure to address my-
self more particularly to that feature of the
bill which relates, for the present at least,, more
particularly to the Pacific coast, which I in part
represent. I will say, however, before pro-
ceeding to that subject, that I think the trouble
is nut that our naturalization laws have been
too liberal, but that the wrongs and frauds
which have occurred in our elections have
arisen from the fact that the laws, both of the
States and of the nation intended to preserve
the purity of the ballot-box have not been
enforced. The fault is in "repeating," not in
naturalization. The evil is not that a person
landing upon our shores, by evading the nat-
uralization laws, has an opportunity a year or
two before the proper time to cast his ballot,
for that is of slighter importance ; but that
persons, both native and naturalized, go about
from poll to poll in the large cities and repeat
their votes many times over, and thereby pre-
vent a fair expression of public opinion.
I do not believe that this bill reaches that evil.
I do not think that it answers any useful pur-
pose whatever; and therefore I am disposed
to vote against it. I shall do so most certainly,
unless the ameudment offered by my friend
from Nevada [Mr. Fitch] shall be adopted by
the House. There are reasons, which we of
the Pacific coast can very well appreciate, which
press upon us with more significance than they
do so far upon others, why that amendment
should be adopted. We are brought face to
face with the so-called civilization of Asia.
Within the borders of our two States are from
sixty to one hundred thousand Chinese. We
see them with all their peculiarities. It is not
with us a mere question of sentiment, it is not
with us a thing in the abstract. We have the
Chinaman among us, facing us whichever way
we turn, and the question conies to us practi-
cally, shall he, with his peculiarities, with his
ideas, with his habits, with his idolatry, with his
servile ties, become an American citizen? Is
it wise or patriotic to allow him to become
such? Will it do him more good or us more
harm ?
Now, if there is any great party obligation
resting upon us as Republicans, if there is any
reason growing out of our treaty obligations,
if it is enjoined by the fourteenth and fifteenth
amendments to the Constitution that this shall
be done, I want any gentleman to step forward
during this debate and show wherein that fact
exists. I deny, in the first place, that this
amendment is in conflict with the amendments
of the Constitution which we have adopted,
and which are said to be the highest expres-
sion of Republican opinion.
The fourteenth amendment does not deal
with aliens. It prescribes what shall be the
privileges of persons who are born or natural-
ized in the United States. The first section
of that amendment, and the only one bearing
on the subject by any implication, provides
that—
"All persons born or naturalized in he United
States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, aro
citizens ofthe United States a,nd of the State wherein
they reside. No State shall make or enforce any
law which shall abridgetheprmleses orimmumties
of citizens of the United States; nor shall any State
deprive any person of life, liberty, or property with-
out due process of law, nor deny to any person wit mn
its jurisdiction the eaual protection of tlio laws.
This section declares that all persons born
or naturalized in the United States are citizens,
and that their rights shall not be abridged as
such. Itdoes not eay that any aliens whatever
shall have a right to become citizens. It was
not intended to treat of that subject. The
amendment proposed to this bill does not con-
flict with that, for it does not_ apply to citizens,
either native or naturalized ; it simply provides
that a cerLain class of persons shall not be
naturalized and thus become citizens. If they
or any others are naturalized, then of course
they become citizens and have their rights as
such under this amendment. The last part of
this amendment, which provides that no per-
son shall be deprived of life, liberty, or prop-
erty, of course relates, and should relate, to
every person whatever within our borders,
naturalized or not; to all white men and China-
men, to all colored men and Indians, to every-
thing wearing the form of humanity.
I believe, and I have contended for 3'earsin
my own State, that by natural equity, by com-
mon justice, the Chinaman and any one else,
no matter what his color, is entitled to the
equal protection of our laws in life, liberty,
and security ; but I never have believed that
we should go beyond that and make them all
citizens.
Mr. PROSSER. I would ask the gentle-
man if, under the treaty stipulations between
China and the United States, the Chinese are
not allowed to come here without becoming
citizens?
Mr. SARGENT. I will show the gentleman
before I conclude that they are so allowed, and
that there is an express provision in the treaty
between China and the United States that
nothing in the treaty shall be construed as
conferring the right of naturalization upon the
Chinese; that is, the right to be naturalized.
Mr. PAINB. I desire to ask the gentleman
a question. Is it not a provision of the treaty
to which he refers that in fact its provisions
shall not work the naturalization of Chinamen?
Mr. SARGENT. I will discuss that when
I come to it, but as my time is very brief the
gentleman will excuse me from answering
now. The fifteenth amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States is as follows :
"The right of citizens of theUnited States to voto
sha.il not be denied or abridged by tho United States,
or by any State, on account of race, color, or previous
condition of servitude."
That is, the right of " citizens of the United
States" to vote shall not be denied or abridged ;
but it does not provide who shall become
citizens of the United States. Consequently,
neither by the fourteenth nor the fifteenth
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States have tho Republican party ever passed
upon the question of what aliens shall be al-
lowed to become citizens of the United States.
On the other hand, the amendment which has
been offered by the gentleman from Nevada
[Mr. Fitch] is perfectly consistent with this
fifteenth amendment; and I will give the rea-
sons for that statement, which are a part of the
legislative history of its adoptiou. _
There was struck out of the original draft of
the fifteenth amendment the word " nativity']
and certain other words, for the purpose of
leaving the United States Government or any
State government, should it see fit to do so, free
to prohibit the naturalization of the Chinese.
I say that because I was present at the time
that fifteenth amendment was considered in
this House and in the Senate, and' was in con-
ference with the committee of each House that
had it iu charge. And when this Chinese ques-
tion was suggested to those committees and its
importance on the Pacific, they struck out the
word "nativity" in order to allow that excep-
tion to be made, in case Congress or any State
should thereafter see fit to make it. Wo have
the undoubted right to provide in this bill that
persons of a certain nativity shall not become
naturalized citizens of the United States, and
by so providing are in strict harmony not
only with the letter but the intention of the
fifteenth amendment. Even if this bill passes
I believe any State would have the right to
exclude any citizen of the United States from
the ballot whose " nativity" did not suit its
ideas or policy.
Again, in the original draft of the treaty with
China there was 110 provision, with regard_ to
naturalization. But this question was pressing
upon us. The objection was made in the other
House that the treaty in its then form would
be construed as allowing the naturalization of
Chinese. That was represented as undesir-
able for reasons which I will presently name.
An amendment was offered and adopted to that
treaty which I will send to the Clerk's desk
to be read. The amendment is in the hand-
writing of Hon. Charles Sumner, _ a Senator
from Massachusetts. The ratification of tuat
treaty was not exchanged until this summer,
and therefore I have not been able to obtain
a copy of it in the statutes or in any pu b ie
document. But 1 went to the Secretary o le
Senate and procured from him the ovigina
record, which I hold here in my hand, in the
handwriting of Mr. StWER. I he P«msioii
iu relation to naturalization was inserted as
