1870.
HE® CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2887
mittee on Indian Affairs, but this resolution
having the advantage of a report of the com-
mittee, and, as he now tells us, a unanimous
report, I feel that it is entitled at least to our
consideration.
Mr. NYE. "Will the Senator allow me to
ask him to give way? Evidently this matter
cannot be finished in the morning hour, and I
want to pass a little bill that is very important
to pass, to correct a word in a former bill, and
■which was reported long ago. It is important
to large interests.
Mr. SUMNER. Cannot this be passed
before one o'clock.
Mr. NYE. No ; because I know thg honor-
able Senator, from the ground he has laid out,
will occupy longer than one o'clock himself.
[Laughter.]
Mr. SUMNER. Oh, no.
Mr. NYE. I can see it in him. [Laughter.]
Mr. SUMNER. I have made but one remark.
Mr. NYE. You are only getting ready.
Let us pass this little bill to correct only one
word.
FORT SMITH AND FORT 1UXEY JtATLllOAD.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nevada asks unanimous consent that the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 129) to correctly enroll
section ten of an act entitled "An act granting
lands to the State of Kansas to aid in the con-
struction of a southern branch of the Union
Pacific railway and telegraph from Fort Riley,
Kansas, to Fort Smith, Arkansas," be taken u p.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution. It is recited in the
preamble that the tenth section of the act
passed July 26, 1866, entitled "An act grant-
ing lands to the Slate of Kansas to aid in the
construction of a southern branch of the Union
Pacific railway and telegraph from Fort Riley,
Kansas, to Fort Smith, Arkansas," was incor-
rectly enrolled by the omission of the words
"of the President'1 after the word'' approval''
in that section, as appears in the engrossed copy
in the records of the Senate. It is proposed,
therefore, to enact that the section be correctly
enrolled by adding the words "of the Presi-
dent" after the word " approval."
Mr. DRAKE. I will inquire whether if this
resolution pass it will effect the object which
the honorable Senator from Nevada has in
view. Will a mere order by a joint resolution
for the reenrollment of a statute passed a long
time ago answer the purpose? 1 am in favor
of the honorable Senator's proposition; but I
submit whether this will accomplish it. Should
not this be a proposition to amend that law,
not to order its reenrollment?
Mr. NYE. If the honorable Senator will
allow me one moment I can convince him that
he is wrong. In the first place the law was
correctly engrossed and passed, but in the
enrollment these three words were omitted.
The printed statute omits them.
Mr. POMEROY. They were published in
the Statutes, except in Little & Brown's edi-
tion.
Mr. NYE. Published in some editions, and
in some not. All we want is to allow the
enrollment to be corrected.
Mr. DRAKE. If the Senator is satisfied
with that mode of effecting the object, which
he and I both very much desire to effect, I
shall not interpose further.
Mr. NYE. I am perfectly satisfied.
Mr. HARLAN. I am opposed to this joint
resolution. The purpose is, as I understand,
to amend a law making a grant of land to a
certun railroad company. That bill as intro-
duce! provided that Indians might make dona-
tions to this company, as is alleged, "with the
approval of the President;" but as the law
now stands on the statute-book it requires "the
approval of the United States," which I sup-
pose would necessarily bring the subject beforo
the Congress of the United States before an
Indian tribe could be permitted to donate bonds,
moneys, lands, or other property to this railroad
company. In my opinion it is much safer to
require these wards of the Government to come
to Congress for the right to give away their
property than to leave it to the President of the
United States, for although I have great confi-
dence in the justice and integrity of the present
Executive of the United States; and were he to
remain President always, and if these subjects
would always be brought to his personal atten-
tion, I believe the rights of the Indians would
be as safe under that guardianship as under
the guardianship of Congress: but in practice
we all know that by the use of the name of the
President of the United States in this connec-
tion is meant the Secretary of the Interior, and
by the use of that phrase is meant the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, and by that phrase
practically is meant the superintendent of In-
dian affairs who may have the personal super-
vision of these Indians.
Mr. NYE. I desire to call the attention of
the Chair, and I ask the honorable Senator if
the question in relation to the propriety of
passing the original bill is under discussion?
Mr. HARLAN. I suppose the whole sub-
ject is before the Senate.
Mr. NYE. Not at all; the bill has passed,
and I simply move to correct a clerical error
in its enrollment.
Mr. HARLAN. A law passed some sessions
since; and the honorable Senator wishes to
amend that law, now recorded on the rolls of
the State Department and printed in the Stat-
utes-at-Large. He desires to effect it in this
way, by enacting a single word as an amend-
ment to an existing law; and I am correctly
stating the effect of the Senator's proposed
amendment. It is to remove the exercise of
discretionary power from the Congress of the
United States to an executive department.
Mr. TIIURMAN. I wish to inquire of the
Senator from Iowa, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, when was the bill
passed which it is proposed to correct?
Mr. CONKLING. Onthe26thof July, 18G6.
Mr. THURMAN. Not by this Congress?
Mr. CONKLING. No.
Mr. THURMAN. I submit that we cannot
by a joint resolution correct the enrollment of
a bill passed by a Congress that has ceased to
exist. We may by joint resolution correct the
enrollment of a bill passed by this Congress,
but not by a Congress that has no longer any
Mr. STEWART. For what reason? '
Mr. THURMAN. For several reasons.
Mr. STEWART. Has not Congress the
power to pass another law ?
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, you can amend it.
Mr. STEWART. Does not this amount to
that?
Mr. THURMAN. But you cannot correctly
enroll it by a joint resolution now.
Mr. HARLAN. The whole purpose of this
resolution is to make it easier for a railroad
company to absorb the goods and effects of
Indian tribes in the Indian territory. Now,
sir, I appeal to the justice of the Senate not to
permit any such bill to pass. We hear long,
labored, and able speeches here in defense of
the rights of the Indians ; and yet by a dash
of the pen, by a single word, it is proposed to
remove the guardianship of the rights of these
Indians from the Congress of the United States
to an executive Department lor the purpose
of making it easier for a railway company to
absorb their bonds and other property.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question ?
I1 Mr. HARLAN. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. Acknowledging the force
of the Senator's remarks, I inquire of him
whether there is any reason why this particular
act should be the solitary exception in all sim-
ilar statutes ? I observe on turning back to an
act passed only the day before that on which
this was passed ths same provision is there
contained.
Mr. HARLAN. Yes; sir; for the benefit of
another railroad company—a bill, I will not
say smuggled through the Senate, but I was
told by the chairman of the committee that
had it in charge that itwas passed withouteon-
sidcration. The committee believed it to be a
copy of another bill which had been fully dis-
cussed, and which had received the approval
of Congress, but contained these fatal words
to the interests of the Indians. There are two
such cases.
Mr. CONKLING. But my question is this:
whether the general legislation of Congress
being in this way, his remarks do not go" rather
to the propriety of revising that than of select-
ing this particular instance as the sole excep-
tion to the general rule?
Mr. HARLAN. Oh, no, Mr. President; the
general legislation of Congress is directly the
other way. There are two cases, exceptions
to the general rule. The pending proposition
relates to one of them; and the law the Sen-
ator refers to is the other solitary case.
Mr. CONKLING. Are there but two?
Mr. IIARLAN. Only two, so far as my
knowledge extends.
Mr. POMEROY. So far as the right of
way is concerned it extends to all the bills.
Mr. HARLAN. But this is to grant to the
Indians the right to give away their property
to a railway company without the ordinary
supervision of the Congress of the United
States. That is the whole purpose.
Mr. NYE. I hope I did not awake the ire
of the distinguished Senator from Iowa on this
question by simply suggesting that his resolu-
tion in relation to a joint Indian committee
should lie over. I am in favor of that.
Mr. IIARLAN. Not at all. The Senator
has only wakened up my sense of justice, and
I hope the sense of justice of every other
member of the body.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, here is a bill,
passed July 25, 1866, entitled "An act granting
lands to the State of Kansas to aid in the con-
struction of the Kansas and Neosho Valley
railroad and its extention to Red river." In
section ten—I beg the Senate to keep an eye
on the number of the section—it is provided :
"That said Kansas and Neosho Valloy Kailroad
Company, its successors and assigns, shall have tho
right to negotiate with, and acquire from, any Indian
nation or tribe authorized by the United States to
dispose of lands for railroad purposes, and from any
other nation or tribe of Indians through whoso lands
said railroad may pass, subject to theapprovalot tlio
President of the United States, or from any company
or parties incorporated or authorized for such piir-
poses, by such nation or tribe, or which such parties
may have acquired under the laws of the United
States."
On the very next day Congress passed an-
other law entitled "An act granting lands^ to
the State of Kansas to aid in the construction
of a southern branch of the Union Pacific rail-
way and telegraph, from Fort Riley, Kansas,
to Fort Smith, Arkansas." Section ten of that
act provides:
"That said Pacific Railroad Company, southern
branch, its successors and assigns, shall have the
right to negotiate with and acquire title to land for
railroad purposes from any Indian nation or tribe
authorized by the United States to dispose of lands,
and from any other nation or tribe of Indians through
whose lands said railroad may pass, subject to the
approval of the President of tho United States.
The language of the sections is the same, in
hcec verba, except the alteration of the descrip-
tion of the roads. One bill was passed on the
25th and a similar bill on the 26th. One road
has been enjoying the privileges according to
the bill as passed; the other passed in the same
way, in the same language precisely: and it is
in vain for the Senator to say that he has been
informed by the chairman of the committee
that it was smuggled through.
Mr. HARLAN. No; I did not say that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada will suspend. _ The morning hour
has expired, and the Georgia bill is before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole. The
pending question is on the amendment of the
Senator from Michigan [Mr. Howard] to the
