SS32
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
Senator objects to its consideration it meal go
over; but 1 have been trying for three or four
moot hi to get it before the Senate. It is* bill
of some importance to the inhabitants of South
Carolina, and especially that portion of them
who art* living in this neighborhood.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think the main effect
of the bill is to settle up this old commission
business that has been hanging along there for
two or three voars. There ought to be some
settlement of it and an end put to it. It is a
mutter of expense to the country. Things are
n state of great uncertainty there, ana will
remain so nnt l we settle the matter.
Mr. SAWYER. I will explain the points
upon whieh the Senator from West Virginia
misrht perlmp" feel atixions; but first I desire
to say. in reference to the amendment pro-
 M *ed by the Senator from Louisiana——
The PRESIDING OFFICE It. The amend*
ment proposed by the Senator from Louisiana
will bo reported before it is open to debate.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to strike out the tenth section of the bill
in ibe following words:
Sec. 10. Antl br iI furthrr mnrtft. That tho lands
known aa Pitiebney lsltiml br. and they arc hereby,
excepted trviu tuo foregoing pr *i tous ot thisao.;
 i.d the trx commissioners afores.iid are hereby au-
t'.mriitml an'l rxirrotl. «i o< t'io p kjuco of this act,
to tou"v said rnt«kn«y Island to Churl** Ootis-
woriii rinoknej'. Caroi.no rfcabruok, and Mary li.
Tinikii'V: t'mrai't, " li.it the said Charles Cote-
'r■ >r111 P>ni-knry, Caroline Seabroofc. an'l Mary K.
l'nickiioy shall, for tberaselrcg and tlirir executors
their administrators. or assignees, release ti> lno
l iiiieit Suites all daiius for routs, prufiu. or u«e* of
? iiJ lands, ami for a!iyd stiluses that uiuy.at the da e
ot'«aid c<hi eyanee, havo accrued in con'equenco (<t
tltc (Kwsecaion and necu paney of ihe as id lands by the
UmUd States or thuur lot uc .
Air. SAWYER. I was not aware that my
colleague desired to offer any ameudment to
tnis bill. 1 have frequently had conversations
with him in reference to it, and he never has
expressed to me a desire to otl'er any amend-
ment. Lie has said something about this sec-
tion, and I infer lhat his objection to the bill,
if he has any. is to^this section. I will state
that this provision was inserted in the bill in
consequence of a petition which was presented
to the Congress of the United States as long
ago as the session of 18C7-tlS. On that peti-
tion Mr. Morgan, of New York, made a report.
The petition for the restoration of Pinckney
Island was supported very strongly by higi
United States officials and various parties, and
the then Senator from New York, Mr. Morgan,
in making his report closed it in this way:
"While wo do not recommend that the prayer of
the petitioners "—
That is, for the restoration of the island—
"in this case be granted, nor indeed be considenvl
wita a view to releasing property taken in the man-
ner and under tho cireuuietanccs under which that
und r consideration was, nor until the policy of tlu
Government upon so eravo a question shall be set-
tled, jet. the committee beg leavo to any that ibis
care ntforAj a proper one for favorable consideration
should CoDirress determine to restore property iathe
intoriest States."
Now, I wish to say with regard to this par-
ticular property that the Govern ment of tho
United States have received very nearly, if not
quite, seven thousand dollars over and abovo
the taxes that were due from it in the way of
rent. This particular property has yielded to
the Government something over seven thou-
sand dollars. A year ago it was over six
thousand dollars above the tax which was due
for which the place was sold. I do not pro-
pose to discuss it, because I do not wish to
occupy the time of the Senate. If it is the
pleasure of the Senate that the section should
be stricken out 1 do not propose to resist it
any further. I only read this quotation from !
the report of the late Senator from New York !
to show how it was considered by him. I wiil 1
state that the petition for its restoration was
indorsed by the assistant commissioner of the
Freedmen's Bureau for South Carolina, the
present Governor of South Carolina, by Gen- j
eral Howard, the Commissioner of the Freed- 1
men's Bureau, and by General Grant, at that I
time General of tie Army, and by the direct
tax commissioners.
Mr. BAYAllD. I am constrained to object
!' to the further consideration of this bill at this
1 time. I consider that there are questions in
volved in it which should be passed upon by
the Judiciary Committee of this body. It is
not only affecting tho title to lands, but it is
undertaking to change the law by substituting
the action of two commissioners instead ot
three, and as 1 understand of two instead of
three in regard to past action. I think the prop-
osition a very grave one, and it ought not to
be taken np at.d disposed of in this sumtuary
wav. 1 object to its consideration.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the Senator from Delaware to
object to the further consideration of the bill.
Mr. BAYARD. I do.
Mr. SAWYER. Will the Senator withdraw
his objection for one moment?
Mr. BAYARD. I will do so for one mo-
ment, certainly.
Mr. SAWYER. T wish to state precisely
the object of that provision. At some of these
sales the land was bid off by commissioners
for the Government of the United Suites.
One of the commissioners lmd the impression
that no certificate of sale such as was issued to
third parties who purchased lands nt these
sa!e.< whs necessary when the Government be-
came the purchaser, and consequently that one
of the commissioners declined to sign the cer-
tificates of sale as an entirely unnecessary act.
The other two commissioners did sign those
certificates of sale. Those certificates of sale
are often brought into court, as evidence.
They are objected to on the gronnd that two
only out of three commissioners signed them.
There is no instance in which a certificate of
sale was not signed by three commissioners if
1 tho purchaser was a private party. I beg the
Senator to reconsider his objection to the bill.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 am very willing to hear
an explanation as to the substitution now of
the jndgment of ttfo officers instead of three.
This whole bill is to be passed through to con-
fl-rn in some way these tax titles against people
who never have had an opportunity of defend-
ing their rights in respect to the sale. I think
it is passing upon a very grave question, and
one affecting the rights of people who I thin's
are especially entitled to protection just now.
I think the bill should be debated at length if
it is to be passed at all, and as it is brought np
now rather irregularly, if I may so say, not
making any reflection Upon any gentleman,
and is interpolated into debate just now, I think
it bad better go over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Delaware objects to the further con-
sideration of the bill, and it will be passed
over.
Mr. COLE. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to consider Senate joint resolu-
tion No. 115, which has been tinder consider-
ation before the Senate, and to which I think
there will be no objection, and which can bo
passed in a moment.
Mr. WARNER. I ask the Senator to allow
me to make a motion which will not interfere
with him, that the bill just under consider-
ation 
Mr. PATTERSON. I should like to know
what has become of the appropriation bill. I
supposed we were to consider that this evening.
1 Mr. COLE. There is not a quorum here yet.
! Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I call for the
regular order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maine calls for the regular order.
Mr. WARNER. I wish to submit a motion
to refer the bill called np by the Senator from
South Carolina to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That can be
done in the morning.
Mr. SAWYER. I have no objection to that
, reference. i
Mr. COLE. I believe I have the floor. I
was recognized, and gave way to the Senator
from Alabama for a moment.
' The PRESIDING OFFICER. But the Sen-
| ator from Maine interposes, and calls for the
: order of the day.
1 Mr. COLE. If he insists, of course I will
yield ; but I hope the Senator will allow me to
: take up this joint resolution. It will take but
a momeut. If it gives rise to any discussion
' of course I will give way. The joint resolu-
tion has been read and considered, und I pre-
sume will pass in a moment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair un-
derstands the Senator from Delaware not to
object to the reference of the bill of the Sen-
ator from South Curolitia to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not object to that.
Indeed, I rose to mRke that motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I believe the bill refers
to private land claims, and I think it ought to
go to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
But I would like to make one inquiry ol the
Senator from South Carolina. I should like
to know if these tax commissioners are still in
office.
Mr. SAWYER. They are, certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL, in all the States?
Mr. SAWYER. No; in the State of South
Carolina, which was specially excepted.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it is high time
they were discharged.
Mr. SAWYER. 1 have been soliciting the
attention of the Senate for pretty much t,he
! whole session to try to get them out of office,
but itseetns to be impossible.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Iliad no idea thoy were
holding office yet.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Delaware consent to the reference
1 of the bill to the Committee on Private Land
: Claims?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Allow mje to suggest that
that is quite unnecessary. This bill was betore
the Committee on Public Lands. Theonlyquos-
tion about it on which a doubt can be raised is
as to whether we in Congress can validate
. legally and properly these tax sales, and lliat
1 is a judicial or legal question. Otherwise there
cannot be any possible objection to this bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator from Oregon a question right there, If
the proceedings by two commissioners ;>re
good where three were required to act, tie
courts will so decide. If two could not perform
the acts I should like t,o inquire of the Senator
from Oregon whether Congress can make their
acta valid ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I insist on the
Tegular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There see auto be
objection to t.he reference of the-bill to either
committee. The Senator from Maine demands
the regular order, which is the appropriation bi 11.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Will the Senator from
Maine yield to me one moment to pass a bill
which the Clerk was unable to find when I
called it. up before?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have just called
for the regular order against the Senator from
Califomin, and took hitn off his feet.
Mr. SPRAGUE. But I gave way to take
up the bill of the Senator from South Carolina.
There will be no discussion about this little
matter.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If I yield at all,
I must, yield to the Senator from California.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I yielded to all the Sen-
ators before me.
Mr. COLE. I do not know what authority
the Senator from Rhode Island has for saying
the chairtnan of the committee cannot yield to
tne to pass this bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I must insist
on the call for the regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maihe insists on the taking up of the
appropriation bill.
