1444
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
thewcond North Carolina mounted infantry,
approved March 6, 1869, reported it without
amendment, and Submitted a report in writing;
which was ordered to be printed.
bills introduced.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill Q3. No.
572) to authorize and aid the construction of
water-works to conduct the waters of Lake
Talioe and Truckee river through and over the
public lands of the United States in the State
of California; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Public ;
Lands, and ordered to be printed. i
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and bv unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 573) for the relief of the heirs of Joseph j
D. Smith; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Claims, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous j
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill _(S.
No. 574) to extend the time for the completion
of the Flint and Pere Marquette railroad, in :
the State of Michigan, and for other purposes; j
which was read twice by its title, referred to j
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered >
to be printed. j
Mr. FENTON asked, and by unanimous ;
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. ,
No. 575) to provide for an American line of
mail ana immigrant passenger steamships be-
tween New York and Copenhagen or other ;
Scandinavian and German ports; which was I
read twice by its title.
Mr. FENTON. I introduce this bill at the j
request of the highly respectable firm of Ruper 1
& Co., of New York, without any knowledge
of the merits of the proposition and without
being committed to it. 1 move the reference '
of thebill'to the Committee on Commerce, and .
that it be printed. (!
The motion was agreed to. j
Mr. HOWARD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. j
No. 576) to establish a territorial government J
for the territory of Alaska; which was read j
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on i
Territories, and ordered to be printed. j
Mr. HARLAN* asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (^S. :
No. 577) to provide for the sale of the dimin-
ished reserve and trust lands of the Kansas or
Kaw tribes of Indians in the State of Kansas,
and for the settlement of said Indians in the
Indian territory; which was read twice by its ,
title, referred to the Committee on Indian j
Affairs, and ordered to be printed. ;
Mr. RICE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 578) ;
to amend the laws regulating trade and inter- j
course with the Indian tribes; which was read |
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on |
Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 136) declaring the ratifi-
cation of the fifteenth amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States; which was read
twice by its title..
Mr. SUMNER. Let that resolution be read
in full if it is not long.
Mr. WILLIAMS. It is not very long.
The Secretary read as follows:
Whereas the Congress of the United States OB the
27th of February, A. D. 1869, passed a resolution,
which is in the words following, namely:
"A resolution proposingan amendment to theColisti-
tutioa of the United States.
" Retained by the Senate and Ho/use of Representatives
of the United States of Amerieain Congress assembled,
(two thirds of both Ilousei concurring,) That the
following article he proposed to the Legislatures of
the several States as an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States, which when ratified
by three fourths of said Legislatures shall be valid
as a part of said Constitution, namely:
"ABTIOI/KIV.
Section 1. The right of citizens of the United
Sta tes to vote shall not bo denied or abridged by the
united States or by any State on account of race,
color, or previous eondition of servitude.
" See. 2. The Congress sb oll haVe power to enforce
this articleby appropriate legislation."
And whereas tho amendment to the Constitution
of the United States proposed as aforesaid has been
duly ratified by the Legislatures of tho States ot
Maine. New Hampshire, Massachusetts, lthodo
Island, Connecticut, Vermont,New York, Virginia,
North Carolina, South Carolina, Pennsylvania.Ohio,
West Virginia, Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, Wiscon-
sin, Minnesota, Iowa, Kansas, Missouri, Arkansas,
Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, Florida,
Nebraska, Nevada, and Texas; and whereas tho
wholenumber of States is thirty-eevon, and whereas
the above-named States constitute more than three
fourths of the whole number of States in the United
States; Therefore,
Resolved by the Senate and House o/ Representatives
of the United States of America in. Congress assembled,
That the amendment aforesaid has become valid,
and is to all intents and purposes a part of the Con-
stitution of the United States.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the resolu-
tion be referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DRAKE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 137) for the reliet of Mrs. E.
Grace Stevens; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Naval Affars,
and ordered to beprinted.
Mr. ROSS asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 138) for the sale of the "Black Bob"
Indian lands in Kansas; which was read twice
by its title, referred to tho Committee on In-
dian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
present op a book.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I have re-
ceived a communication from Dr. Naphegyi,
accompanying a copy of his work now before
me entitled, "The Album of Language, illus-
trated by the Lord's Prayer in One Hundred Lan-
guages." On one of the leaves at the begin-
ning is this inscription: "To the Honorable
the Senate of the United States of America,
from the author." The work is published by
Messrs. Lippincott, of Philadelphia. The copy
offered to the Senate is bound with much care
and skill, as all will see who examine it. In
his communication the author requests me to
present this beautiful volume to the Senate,
and he mentions that it has been presented
also to the Corps Legislatif of France, where
M. Olivier performed thi3 service in his name.
I now ask that it be received by the Senate and
deposited in the Congressional Library, where
it will be free to the public.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no
objection that order will be made. The Chair
hears no objection.
davis hatch.
Mr. FERRY submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered, by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be directed
to transmit to the Senate copies of all papers in tho
State Department relative to Davis Hatch, a citizen
of the United States, now for more than six months
last past imprisoned at Azua, San Domingo, by order
of the Dominican Government, including copies of
all dispatches of any and all consular agents of the
United Sta tes, and of all dispatches from such agents,
and all letters, correspondence, and documents of
every kind relating to said subject.
f. j. porter pope's campaign.
Mr. CHANDLER. I offer the following
resolution, and I shall crave the indulgence of
the Senate to make a few explanatory remarks,
and perhaps I had better do so before the res-
olution is read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan offers a resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. Let the resolution be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the President be requested to com-
municate to the Senate, if in his judgment not incon-
sistent with the public interest, any recent corre-
spondence or information in his possession in relation
to the case of Fitz John Porter.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, I hold
in my hand the "appeal to the President of
the United States for a reexamination of the
proceedings of the general court-martial in his
case, by Major General Fitz John Porter, with
accompanying documents." Mr. Porter says,
in the beginning, that his application to the
President is—
"First. To remit the sentence of the court-martial
now in force against me of disqualification 'forever
to hold any oflice of trust or profit under tho Gov-
ernment of tho United States.'
"Second. To be nominated to the Senate for restor-
ation to my rank in tho Army, under tho late net of
Congress allowing that mode of redress of wrong by
a court-martini."
He says in this " appeal
"It is matter of general information that tho alle-
gations against mo were inspired by the failure of
General Pope's campaign in Virginia. His friends
undertook to maintain that he committed no error,
and to attribute the result of his operations to tlie
defection and treasonable misconduct of certain offi-
cers and soldiers of tho Army of the Potomac who
preferred to be commanded by General McClellan."
Mr. President, it seems to me that the time
has come when the truth of history should be vin-
dicated while there are living witnesses to testily
in the case. Many of those who were conversant
with the campaign of General Pope in Virginia
and the case of Fitz John Porter have passed
from the stage. President Lincoln and Mr.
Stanton were the two men in the nation who
most thoroughly understood all the facts in
that case. General Wadsworth, who at that
time commanded the defenses of Washington,
was taken into consultation, and was pretty
thoroughly conversant with the facts.
But, Mr. President, it became my duty, in
an official capacity, as a member of the Com-
mittee on the Conduct of the War, to investi-
gate personally all these facts. Two of the
members of the committee have passed away;
and the two that remain who were, perhaps,
more conversant with them than any other two
men now living are ex-Senator from Ohio, Mr.
Wade, and myself. By permission of the Sen-
ate, I propose, as briefly as possible to state
these facts.
I am induced to do so for another reason.
About seven years ago to day, upon yonder
sofa in this Chamber, I made a voluntary pledge
to Major General Pope that justice should be
done to him and to his campaign in the valley
of Virginia, even although I were called upon
to vindicate him from my seat in the Senate.
Seven years have passed away, and many who
were then conversant with the facta have gone
to their final rest; and now I desire an oppor-
tunity, as briefly as possible, to fulfill that vol-
untary pledge upon my part.
Most Senators present are aware of the state
of intense excitement which existed after Gen-
eral McClellan's command retired to Turkey
Bend on the James river. The country was
demoralized; the premium, on gold rose to an
eaormous height, and at the same time our
bonds fell until it seemed that no bottom could
be found. Unless that army of General McClel-
lan's, then cornered up in Turkey Bend, were
saved it seemed as though the country was lost.
Before that time General Pope had been
called to take command of the " army of Vir-
ginia." And here, sir, I must express my
regret that I have so long delayed this act of
justice. I regret that I did not say what I am
about to say seven years ago ; but bow could
I or any other man suppose that so many of
the then living witnesses would pass from the
stage 1 General Pope says:
" It was the wish of the Government that I should
cover the city of Washington from any attacks from
the direction of Richmond, make such dispositions
as were necessary to assure the safety of the valley
of the Shenandoah, and at the same time so operate
upon the enemy's lines of communication in the
direction of Gordonsvillo and Charlottesville as to
draw off, if possible, a considerable force of the
enemy from Riohmond, and thus relieve the opera-
i tions against that city of the army of the Potomac.
| This was while the army of the Potomac still
; lay in front of Richmond; but a few days later
! those instructions were somewhat changed.
; And here permit me to say that during those
; dark days on one Sabbath afternoon 1 called
! at the War Office accidentally. I there found
• Mr. Stantou, General Wadsworth, the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] and
i perhaps one other person. The question
