1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL < GLOBE.
3333
LBOISLATIVK, I5TO., APPROPRIATION *ILl.
The Sennte, «§ in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. It.
No. 974) making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending the 30tli of
June, 1871.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I believe there
*rp Rom>  amendments passed over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There are six
amendments reserved.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. 1 call attention
to 'hose amendments now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first amend-
ment reserved is on page 14, in regard to the
Department of State. A suggestion was made
thus the language of this paragraph should be
somewhat changed, as the amendments father
co"fused it-
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator from
Maine attend to the amendment on page 14?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the one
to which the Chair was directing his attention,
l'liut was the first one reserved. Has the Sen-
ator the language ready which is to be offered?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Not yet.
'1 he VICE PRESIDENT. It. will be passed
over. The next reserved amendment was in
page 15. in the paragraph with regard to pub-
lishing the laws.
Mr. SUMNER. There isone passage there
that can b« amended. In line three hundred
and thirty-three the "$2,500" should be
"38,COO." It is, I think, a typographical or
clerical error. I have already spoken to the
chairman of the committee on the subject, and
I think he concurs with me.
Mr."MORRILL, of Maine. I am not snre
what that amount ought to be according to the
act passed.
Mr. SUMNER. I cati state to the Senator,
for I reported that measure from the Commit
tee on Foreign Relations, and it fixed the salary
of the examiner of claims at $3,500; and that
has passed the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Well, sir, if
that was the act, it was his intention to con-
form to it.
Mr. SUMNER. I therefore move that it be
so amended ; and I was instructed by the com-
mittee to make that motion.
Mr. MORRILL, oF Maine. It may be re-
garded as a typographical error.
Mr. SUMNER. Assuming that it might not
be an error, I was instructed to make the mo
tion. I wish the clause to be corrected by
striking out "two" and inserting "three."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not Sup-
pose it to be the subject of amendment; but
by general consent I hope it maybe corrected,
to conform to what I understand the Senator
to say the act is, by fixing the appropriation at
$3,500.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will then read
"one examiner of claims at $3,500." If there
he no objection, and the Chair hears none, the
phraseology is so altered. The next amend-
ment reserved *as on page 15, immediately
following the paragraph just under considera-
tion. The Secretary will report the pending
amendment on page 15.
Ihe Chief Clerk. The amendment is in
hnes three hundred and forty-one arid three
hundred and forty-two, to Strike out the words :
newspapers in the States and Territories
and m the city of Washington.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
That all acta and parts of acts which pro-
Tr„. '®'rJhe annual publication of the laws of the
ami tu 8tate  and treaties with foreign Powers be,
the same are hereby, repealed.
So that the clause will read :
p^J1" Wishing the laws in pamphlet form, $10,000:
frondtd. That all acts, ka.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I understood that the
arrangement in reference to that was that the
vote should be taken when the bill was reported
othe Senate; that the amendment of the Com-
utee oa Appropriations had been sustained
nominally by the Committee of the Whole, and
that the vote should be taken when the bill
came into the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But the Sen-
ator will remember that in addition to that
there was an amendment moved by the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. I suppose that can
bo ncted on in committee.
Mr. ANTHONY. The amendment with
regard to the Blue Book?
Mr. MORRILL, of Main*. Ym.
Mr. ANTHONY. My impression was the
same as that which the Senator from Oregon
has received, that it was with the assent of the
Senator from Maine that this question should
be reserved utitil the bill came into the Senate.
I have a very decided opinion upon the ex-
travagance and wastefulness of publishing the
laws in the newspapers, and I think the publi-
cation of the Blue Book is entirely unneces-
sary ; and in the first view I am sustained by
the Secretary of State, who has charge of that
Department, and in the second lam sustained
by the Secretary of the Iuterior. While my
opinion on that subject is very decided, yet, as
the proposition is a change of some import-
ance, I am quite willing that it shoula be
decided in a lull Senate and passed over at
present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. What was stated
by the Senator from Oregon was suggested at
the time ; but in the debate Which followed it
was not insisted upon, and therefore the
amendment Was passed over. If there be no
objection, the Chair will regard this amend ment
as agreed to, subject, to a separate vote in the
Senate.
Several Senators.' That Is it.
Mr. POMEROY. Do I understand the
amendment of the Committee on Appropria
tions is so amended that it includes the non-
publication of the Blue Book?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Itdoesnot.
Mr. ANTHONY. It prohibits publishing
ihe laws in the newspapers, but the Blue-Book
amendment is not included.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator cu«
move that in the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall object to striking'
out the Blue Book. I think it is. arte'of the
most usefut books we publish.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 shall have the vote of
the Senator from IHtfioiS to Strike it btit, I am
Sure, when he heats thekatetnetit I will make.
Mr. POMEROY. I have heard the state-
ment the Senator from Rhode Island. hUs fa
make (m the subject, and it has not convtrtc.d
me, and I do not think it will Convince the
Senator fhsm Illinois.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Seci-etai?
will report the next reserved amendment, On.
pages 23 and 24, in regard to the expetises of
collecting the internal revenue.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
Was to strike out the following paragraph:
For salaries and expenses of collectors, assessors,
assistant assessors, supervisors, detcctiVCs, and store-
keepers, together with tha expense at' carrying into
effect the various provisions of the several acts pro-
viding Internal revenue, cxceptins items otherwise,
estimated for, and for detecting am! bringing to trial
aud punishment persons guilty of violating the in-
ternal revenue laws or conniving at the slime, lp
cases where such expenses are not otherwise pro-
vided for by law, 58,100,000.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
For salaries and expenses of collectors, assessors,
assistant assessors, supervisors, detecf.ivcs, and store-
keepers. together with the expense of carrying into
effect the various provisions of the several nets pro-
viding internal revenue, excepting items otherwise
provided for, $7,000,000: Provided, That alter the
passage of this act the proprietors Of All internal
revenue bonded warehouses shall pay to the col-
lector the current eixpenses and salaries of store-
keepers or other officers in charge of such ware-
houses; and all mims so Collected in the nature of
reimbur3euiehts to,the United States lor payments
on account of expenses and salaries of storekeepers
or other officers in charge of such warehouses, or that
may hereafter be so Collected, eilall be carried to the
credit of the appropriation forsalarics and expenses
of collectors, storekeepers, &c.; and the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue and the accounting offi-
cers of tho Treasury are hereby authorized and
directed to take tlie necessary Steps to carry this
proviso into effect: And provided further. That tho
1 resident may at his discretion divide the Statos and
'ones respectively into convenient collection
districts, or alterthe same, or unite two or more dis-
trusts or two or more Stnt.es or Territories into one
district, and may.exoroise-naid power from time to
time as in his opinion tho public interest may require.
For detecting and bringing to trial and punish-
ment persons guilty of violating tho internal rev-
enue laws, or conniving at tho same, in cisc where
! r££pens6s areuot otberwise provided f.>r by law.
}lwiUUU.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations lias introduced
an amendment to this bill covering matters
connected with the assessors and collectors of
internal revenue. The amendment as proposed
by the committee directs the Secretary of the
Treasury to investigate whether or not. the
public interests will be best subserved by unit-
ing two districts in one. The President of the
United States is now authorized, if in his judg-
meut the public interests will be conserved by
it, to unite two or more districts in one. I
would observe to the honorable Senator that
that is now the law. The collectors and as-
sessors are assigned to their respective districts
by the President of the United States, as I
understand, without an act of Congress assign-
ing any particular number to the respective
collection and assessment districts. The ob-
ject of the provision of the bill as reported
by the committee was to put the responsibility
of reporting the faqt whether or uot there could
' be any oue of the collection or assessment dis-
tricts discontinued in any of the collection dis-
tricts of the United States on the Secretary of
the Treasury, and require him to report the
; facts at a subsequent sesaiou of Congress.
I This does not amount to anything, does not
effect anything. No purpose is accomplished
by the provision.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Does the Sen-
i ator understand that this amendment changes
i in the particular referred to, or in any other
. respect than in devolving the duty upon the
President instead of on the Commissioner, the
proposition originally reported?
' Mr. SPRAGUE. . Yes, sir. .
Mr. MORiULL^' of Main^, That w not my
understanding. 11 will be seen that as the bill
was proposeu it. auftiorized the Caiqmi/ssioaer
to alter the districts. . It was thought, upon
further consideration, that the exercise of the
power ought to be devolved upon tha President
aud ikot upon the Commissioner) following the
existing statutes. I am not aware that it changes
: the povyer in any other respect.
Mn, SPRAGUE, Does the Senator under-
i stand that the President has now the power?
i Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I tlo not supposo
i he has to this extent..
1 Mr. COLE. 1 think this does differ from
j the amendment as reported by the committee,
| in some other important particulars, I read,
commencing on the twenty-eighth line of the
amendment.'—
That the President may at. bis discretion divide.
' tho States and Territories respectively into conven-
! ient Collection districts, or alter tho sarnie, or unite
j two or more districts or two or more Statos or Terri-
I tories into one district, and may exercise said power
| from time to time aS in hisopinion the public interest
j may require
There is nothing there to, prevent the divis-
! ion of a 8tate or Territory into any number of
! districts. Perhaps some State pr Territory,
one of the smaller States there, may be now
biit one Collection district. There is nothing
to prevent the division of that State into half
it dozen Or tilore districts if it should be thought
it would be for the best by the Department:
There is a great deal more discretion I think
in this amendment that is proposed by the
Commissioner than was embodied in the
,, amendment originally proposed by the com-
! mittee, aud reported with the bill as first
i printed. I thltik it differs in some other re-
spects. I have not examined it very carefully ;
but I see a great deal more discretion given
than was embodied there and than was in-
tended, as I understand, by the committee.
