1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5221
at the ports of entry which are designated by
geographical names, and other places that
are ports of delivery, although of much more
importance, are really denied those privi-
leges. _ _ .
For instance, the cities of Cincinnati, St.
Louis, and Chicago are merely ports of delivery.
They are denied theprivileges of portsof entry.
So I might run through the whole history of
the country and show that ports of entry and
portsof delivery are designated by geographical
names as entitled to such and such privileges,
the law itself dividing up this country into col-
lection districts, as they are called, naming
particular places in each collection district for
entry. If this measure is unconstitutional,
then all those acts are also unconstitutional.
This question has been settled by numerous
acts of Congress.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not think there is
the least difficulty in the world about this con-
stitutional bugaboo, if I may so designate it.
It is like, the cry of "fraud," "fraud," that
has been raised against the bill to prevent the
transportation of merchandise to interior cities,
when the very gentlemen who cry "fraud,"
and are opposed to the transportation of mer-
chandise to the interior cities in our own coun-
try, are the strongest advocates of transporta-
tion of merchandise to cities outside ot this
country through the United States. They can
see no fraud in that. They are willing that
goods shall be transported to Quebec that are
landed at San Francisco, to go two thousand
miles across tjie country. Let me say to the
Senator from New York that it is important
to the city of New York as well as to other
cities of the Union that the great commerce of
the eastern world which is now opened to us
shall be transported across the continent with-
out being first stopped at San Francisco, and
every package broken and examined and in-
spected and weighed and appraised. If that
is to be done, that very circumstance will turn
the trade of Asia into other channels. You
are interested on the Atlantic coast in having
the goods that shall come from the eastern
continent, and which are landed at San Fran-
cisco, passed across to their liual destination
without delay, exposure, and expense at the
point where they hrst touch the American con-
tinent.
But now as to this question about " prefer-
ence" being given to one port over another;
what does that provision of the Constitution
mean? It means that the duties collected at
one port shall be the same as they are at other
ports. You cannot make a fluty of fifteen
cents a pound on coffee landed at New \ork,
and twenty cents a pound on coffee landed at
Portland. That is what it means. It does not
apply to the machinery of the collecting_ of
duties. Because you have a collector at N ew
York city, and a naval officer, and a surveyor,
and two, three, or five thousand other officers,
. you are not bound to have the same number
of officers at Chicago or Charleston. Because
goods may be landed at New York, and you
have officers there to inspect them, are you
required to have officers at Beaufort on the
Atlantic coast in the Carolinas, or at every
little place where a vessel might land? Is that
what the Constitution means in saying that no
preference shall be given to the ports of one
State over the ports of another?
Does it follow from that language that you
must have the same machinery at every place
where a vessel lands on the American^ coast,
and is must be alike at every place? That is
not the meaning of it at all. You may pro-
vide the means of collecting your revenue at cer-
tain ports on the Atlantic coa3t, and may make
certain ports ports of entry, and others not
ports of entry. That is not what the Consti-
tution means by saying no preference shall be
•riven. It means that wherever the ports of
entry are established there shall be no prefer-
ence in the amount of duties to be collected in
one over another. But you are not required
to provide the same-machinery in every place
where goods are landed, as I understand it.
I think that is the obvious meaning of the
constitutional provision. To give it any other
meaning would involve the Government in the
necessity of providing the same precise means
and the same officers for collecting the revenue
at a little town of five hundred inhabitants on
the Atlantic coast, where a vessel might land,
as is provided in the great city of New York.
Mr. MORTON. At every place where a
ship could enter.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Every one.
Mr. RAMSEY. It is evident that this bill
cannot be disposed of before the recess, and
there are some executive messages that ought
to be referred in executive session
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us take a vote on this
amendment.
Mr. RAMSEY. We are now within ton min-
utes of the time for an evening recess, and I
think we had better go into executive session
for that time. I make that motion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope that we shall not
have three or four speeches going on at once
under the new rules.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Minnesota moves that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. "Times change and men
change with them" is one of the scriptural
propositions that we all agree to.
Mr. DRAKE. "Scriptural?"
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir.
Mr. DRAKE. Will the Senator from Ver-
mont give us the chapter and verse ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir. It is found in
the Mormon Bible published at St. Louis, in the
State of Missouri, about to be made a port of
entry, I believe. [Laughter.]
Mr. President, my friend from Illinois is one
of the most adjustable constitutional lawyers I
am acquainted with. He can run on a broad
gauge or a narrow gauge, with one wheel or
three. It is only a day or two ago that we had
up the question of naturalization—probably the
Senate has not forgotten it—and he thought
that "uniform naturalization laws" meant
everything, covered everything, race, color,
religion, no matter what; that it left us no
choice; it was universal, and no change or
difference could be made in any respect. Now
we have a provision of the Constitution which
says:
"No preference shall bo given by any regulation
of commerce 01- revenue to the ports of one Stato
over those ol'another."
He says that does not mean anything; it is
a flourish of speech ; or the most that it can
mean is that we shall not tax the imports into
the State of Illinois thirty per cent., while
those into Michigan are only taxed twenty per
cent. That is the difference between the broad-
gauge construction and the narrow-gauge con-
struction.
Now, I have the idea that the Constitution
is to be construed at all times, as the Declara-
tion of Independence says, as my friend from
Massachusetts would insist on the construction
of it, equally, steadily, uniformly, conferring
equal rights ; and I suppose that is the ground,
to make a little digression, that my friend from
Massachusetts gives that this proposition ought
to be adopted, 011 the principle of equal rights.
Now, to be serious, here is a Constitution
which says that no preference shall be given
by any regulation—not in any impost duty,
which the Constitution in another place speaks
of—by any regulation of commerce or any reg-
ulation of revenue to the ports of one State
over the ports of another. The question is,
not whether the port of New York may not
require more inspectors of revenue than the
port of Beaufort, if that is a port, in South
Carolina, but the question we have before us
is whether it is a preference to_ Chicago to
be authorized to import goods directly from
Europe, "without breaking bulk anywhere or
being inspected anywhere, when the port of
Detroit, if you please, is not entitled to do that
thing.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is not that the case
now ?
Mr. MORTON. Allow me to ask the Senator
from Vermont a question.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly, if it does not
come out of my time.
Mr. MORTON. Let it come out of mine.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It comes
out of the time of the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Well, I will yield any-
how.
Mr. MORTON. I ask whether to make a
port of entry is a regulation of commerce ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly it is a regula-
tion of commerce.
Mr. MORTON. Then, according to the
Senator's argument, we cannot make any port
a port of entry unless wo make them all ports
of entry.'
Mr. EDMUNDS. I beg your pardon. That
implies that a port of entry preexists. When
you create a port of entry you are not giving
that port of entry a preference over any other
port of entry that does not exist, are you?
Mr. MORTON. But it is a port.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The principle—again to
recur to the Declaration of Independence—of
my friend's argument would be that because a
man born has rights, a man who is not born
has rights also. [Laughter.] That is carry-
ing the Declaration of Independence a little
further than even my friend from Massachu-
setts would go, as far as at present advised.
Nevertheless, it is a preference to authorize
Chicago to have rights to import goods that a
port in a neighboring State, of Iowa, if you
please, Burlington or any other, does not have
that is a port, and thereby you give to one State
rights, facilities, privileges, that the people of
another State are denied.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. How much time have I
left, Mr. President?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. One minute.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Well, I will give the
Senator half of it.
Mr. HOWE. Then I will ask if a regulation
of commerce which requires all goods shipped
from Brest to Chicago to pay duties in New
York is not giving a slight preference to the
port of New X"ork?
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is not any such
regulation of commerce, because no goods can
be sbippedby any provision of law, until you
pass this one, from Brest to Chicago. They
can only be shipped from Brest to some port
of entry of the United States. The answer to
my friend's question is found in the question
itself. He assumes the very fatality, the very
difficulty that exists. The question furnishes
its o\vn answer. Is not theshipping of goods
from a port in Europe to Chicago, from Brest,
as my friend says, giving a preference over the
port of any other State, if they are shipped on
principles that do not equally apply to every
other port? Equality is law.
Mr. DAVIS. There must be points of entry
somewhere. There cannot be ports of entry
everywhere ; and therefore everyplace cannot
be upon an equality in that respect.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I made this
objection to this bill, and I think it perfectly
tenable. Let me illustrate it. Under this b'.U
certain ports of the United States are named.
The port of Norfolk, Virginia, is not among
them. The privileges of this bill would not
extend to goods landed at the port of Norfolk
in Virginia, to be delivered at the town of
Lynchburg, in Virginia. Is not that, therefore,
plainly a preference given by the regulations
of commerce to the ports named in this bill
over others not named in the bill ?_ I think the
statement of the proposition contains in itself
the answer. It plainly is a preference given
