1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
431
41st Cono....2d Sess
Fifteenth Amendment—Mr. Sivann
Ho. of Reps.
that a poll tax and a land tax must be appor-
tioned and laid according to the section which
I have cited. If Congress can tax a part of
the income of land, why can it not tax the whole
of its income? And if it exempts from taxa-
tion land of a certain yielding value, does it not
charge the residue of the laud of a larger yield
with that portion of the tax which the lands of
less yielding value would have contributed?
Sir, a violation of rights, public or private,
by indirection, is the most culpable and dan-
gerous, because the most insidious form of
tyranny.
In 18G3 Sir Morton Peto published a work
entitled, Taxation: its Levy and Expenditure,
Past and Future. This work abounds in val-
uable statistics and information. He expresses
a correct sentiment when he says that the
income tax "is felt to be an obnoxious and a
grievous tax," and that " it presses upon the
struggling.man, who is compelled to maintain
wliat is called appearances, in a far greater
degree than it affects the wealthy man, the bulk
of whose property is scarcely affected by the
charge." We also ascertain from this work
that Mr. Joseph Hume, the eminent econo-
mist, obtained the appointment of a committee
of the House of Commons to inquire into the
income tax. Mr. Hume was the chairman and
made an able report, in which he said, that—
" The income tax in its present inequality cannot
be made a permanent tax. The inquiry establishes
the truth of tho public judgment of its injustice."
Such has been the concurrent opinion of all
the great masters of economical statistics. We
find that McCulloch, the highest, authority in
the English language upon such questions, in
his work published in 1845, entitled A Trea-
tise on the Principles and Practical Influence
of Taxation and the Funding System, gives
his opinion of this tax in this manner:
"It is true that an income tax is, at first sight,
.ipiiurently the fairest of all taxes. It seems to make
en ry one contribute to the wants of the State in
nroportion to the revenue which he enjoys under its
> lotection, while, by falling equally on all, it occa-
. urns no change in the distribution of capital, or in
she natural direction of industry, and has no infiu-
i-nceoverprices." * * * "Anincome
tax would no doubt have the supposed etfects were
it possible fairly to assess it. But tho practical diffi-
culties in the way of its fair assessment are not of a
sort thnt can be overcome. And the truth is that
taxes on income, though theoretically equal, are in
their practical operation most unequal and vexa-
tious."— Pages 121,125.
Sir, this tax is a part of the wild, revolu-
tionary, and dangerous legislation incident to
the recent war, and the public urgently demands
its abolition. It is a tax on labor, tithing the
bread earned by the clerk, the mechanic, or
the professional man for his children, and is an
abominable extortion. Its continuance under
the present circumstances, with revenues ex-
ceeding the most extravagant demands of a
prodigal Government, is an atrocious and inde-
fensible wrong. Let the taxes, if you please,
be placed on the fixed incomes of accumulated
capital, and let the bondholders pay a just pro-
portion of the profits of their investments. Sir,
the French wiiter Dupuynode expresses the
judgment of science and statesmanship against
this form of tax when he declares it to be " a
detestable tribute in which every principle of
sound government is violated and every rale of
taxation is set at naught."
Fifteenth Amendment.
SPEECH OP HONTTEIOMAS SWANN,
of maryland,
In the House of Representatives,
May 27, 1870,
On the bill (II. R. No. 1293) to enforce tho right of
citizens of the United States to voto in the several
States of this Union, and for other purposes.
Mr. SWANN. Mr. Speaker, the intolerant
spirit which has induced the Republican party
to hasten the passage of this bill, with only one
hour and a half allowed on this side of the
House for the discussion of its extraordinary
provisions, cannot fail to produce a profound
sensation throughout the country. It is the
forlorn hope of desperate men engaged in a
fruitless struggle. With a Constitution obso-
lete, or nearly so ; with States deprived of their
powers ; with labor and industry and commerce
and manufactures prostrate everywhere; with
the finances deranged ; with the Treasury riot-
ing in bonds and gold, as if, under the delusive
pretext of reducing the public debt before its
maturity, to mock the sufferings of an oppressed
and tax-ridden people, it is the crowning effort
of long-continued and systematized usurpa-
tion to perpetuate power in the hands of a sink-
ing party, and to make Congress the break-
water, by forced legislation, to shield them from
an indignant public sentiment, by giving the
color of authority to their illegal acts.
The bill which I am about to discuss pre-
sents two important and startling features. It
assumes—
1. That the negro, who has been invested
with the right of suffrage, is more to be re-
garded in the legislation of Congress than the
white man who formed this Government; thus
drawing an invidious and degrading distinction
between the races, in disparagement of the
while race, who constitute nine tenths of your
whole population; and
2. That the power to regulate suffrage by the
States, a recognized principle in the past work-
ing of our republican system, and never here-
tofore claimed by Congress, is no longer a
function of "the States and the people," and
will never be so recognized so long as the
ascendency of the dominant party is assured.
'The Constitution provides, in article nine of
the amendments, that—
"The enumeration in this Constitution of certain
rigliti shall not be construed to deny or disparage
others retained by tho people."
And in article ten—
" That tho powers not delegated to tho United
States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the
States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to
the people."
Will any gentleman on the other side of the
House undertake to point out to me in what
clause of this grant of enumerated powers the
power to regulate suffrage within the States
was ever parted with by "the States or the
people?"
This is a bill, disguise it as you may, estab-
lishing the supremacy of the negro race in all
future elections. It is a law elevating the negro
by forced legislation, and degrading the white
man. It draws a line of separation between
them, and awakens a spirit of jealousy and
antagonism which no one can view without
regret. It is the first step in the inauguration
of a war of races, the natural sequence of the
unconstitutional measures which have culmin-
ated in this enforcement act, and which the
thinking masses of this country have looked to
with so much concern since the present dom-
inant party came into power. In erecting the
negro race into a privileged class, as you have
done in this bill; in clothing them with the
unlimited and unheavd-of power to throw white
men into prison who may incur their displeas-
ure or stand in the way of Radical advance-
ment; in sacrificing the whole power of the
States for their exclusive benefit, thus virtually
subverting your form of government, you have
placed that unfortunate race in a position which
may develop its bitter fruits sooner than you
anticipate. This Government is more import-
ant to us than any privileges you can confer
upon the colored race.
The Anglo-Saxon race will not tamely sub-
mit to degradation. They will protest, and con-
tinue to protest. This you know from the his-
tory of the past, in crises far less exciting than
those which we have a right to expect from some
of the features in this bill. They will claim to
hold this country and this whole continent in
the interest of the white race. When you place
the negro in deadly antagonism to the white
man you seal his fate pol':ically and in every
otherway, and deprive him of sympathies which
have been freely accorded to him by all parties
heretofore. We have given him freedom and
the untrammeled exercise of all the rights and
privileges that we enjoy. But when you place
him in invidious relations with the white race
and convert these sympathies into open hostil-
ity, as you have done in this bill, you must
assume the whole responsibility of your incon-
siderate and ill-advised action. You may con-
tinue for a brief space your lease of power; but
the poor negro, after all, for whom you profess
such unbounded love and sympathy, will pay
the penalty of your rashness.
My honorable friend from Indiana, [Mr.
Kekr,] in his reply to the gentleman from Ohio,
alludes to the fact that there are twenty-three
sections in this bill, twenty-one of which relate
to powers and purposes outside both of the four-
teenth and fifteenth articles of amendment.
When the fourteenth amendment was adopted,
with the clause attached "that Congress shall
have power to enforce this article by appropriate
legislation," I confess, Mr. Speaker, that I
foresaw all that is contained in this bill in re-
gard to the assumed power of Congress to reg-
ulate and control suffrage within the States.
This clause was so vague and indefinite that it
bore upon its face the evidence of the stupend-
ous usurpation which it was designed to perpe-
trate. However it may have startled my friend
from Indiana, it was no surprise to me. It was
part of the settled policy of the progressionists
to centralize power in the hands of Congress,
and to hold in cheek, under color of its author-
ity, the constitutional powers always hereto-
fore exercised by the States.
The whole scope of the words " appropriate
legislation," limited by their fair and constitu-
tional interpretation, was to establish the right
of citizens of the United States to vote with-
out reference to race, color, or previous con-
dition of servitude. The fifteenth amendment
has never been tested in its practical working
in any State, nor is it competent to assume
that resistance would be made to its provisions.
When the laws regulating suffrage have been
violated heretofore the subject has been re-
ferred to the local Legislatures or to the State
tribunals for remedy. It was a subject that
belonged to the States, and not to the Federal
Government. The fifteenth amendment, after
it became part of the Constitution, was bind-
ing upon all the States and upon the courts
throughout the country. I do not mean to
commit myself to the irregular mode of iis
adoption, or the palpable usurpation and du-
ress in which it had its origin ; but it comes to
us with the form of law, and as such cannot
be ignored. So far, then, as the rights of the
colored population were involved, the prohibi-
tion in this fifteenth amendment was complete
in itself without the necessity of affirmative or
penal legislation on the part of Congress.
But in the construction of this bill the people
of the whole country have been treated as in a
state of insurrection against thp laws, unworthy
of trust, and only to lie dealt with under the
terror of excessive punitive enactments. The
innocent and the guilty, if there bo any guilty,
are made to suffer under tlie rigors of this
extraordinary legislation. The negro stands
prominently in the foreground. To secure his
vote and influence in perpetuating Republican
rule the whole machinery of the Government
is assailed and pronounced defective, the pow-
ers of the States are ruthlessly invaded, State
tribunals are legislated out ot existence, except
in cases where cumulative safeguards may be
