3334
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, The only dif-
ference there is ia very obvious. In the bill
as reported by the committee " the Secretary
of the Treasury may at his discretion discon-
tinue any two or more collection and assess-
ment districts,.and unite them into one."
Now, by the proposed amendment, the power
is devolved on the President; and what may
he do? He " may at his discretion divide the
States and Territories respectively into con-
venient collection districts." That does not
increase his power. Or in lieu of that he may
" alter the same or unite two or more districts
or two or more States or Territories into one
district." The only additional power that is
here, I submit, is that he has the right, after
having divided them, to alter the arrangement..
As ttie law now stands the Secretary unques-
tionably may unite districts or lie may divide,
but this power is given directly to the Presi-
dent, and he may unite two or more States or
Territories. As the law stands, the Secretary
of' the Treasury may declare a State to be a
collection district. This, therefore, devolves
the same power on the President, but enlarges
it to this extent, that he may put States to-
gether, and if that does not work well he may
alter his arrangement. That I conceive to be
the extent of the power. If that is objection-
able it had better be stricken out; but it did
not occur to me so.
Mr. CO^LB. Does not the chairman of the
committee understand that he may divide a
district into two or three or four districts ? It
says that he " may at his discretion divide a
State or Territory."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. "He may put
them together and may alter them. '
Mr. COLE. Yes, sit; alter them it* one
way or the other; that is, by making more ot
making less.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senator's
inquiry is whether it gives the President the
power to divide a single district, I say no.
Mr. COLE. To divide a State. Perhaps a
State is composed now of one district. He
may divide a State, which would be equivalent
to dividing that one district;
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think the
Senate understand the proposition.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask the chairmau of
the committee whether this amendment he has
suggested has been submitted to the Commis-
sioner of fntem'al Revenue?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It was drawn
there. Upon some suggestions having been
made after this bill was reported by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations the Commissioner
called Upon me and I went to his office, and
in connection with the Commissioner ana the
First Comptroller of the Treasury, under whose
Supervision all this business comes, we together
drew up this amendment; or rather, it was
drawn up in the office of the First Comptroller,
Mr. Tayler, and under his direction, and it con-
forms substantially to the amendment of the
committee as first reported.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
«on the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next reserved
amendment is on page 34, line eight hundred
and seventeen, which will be reported. It
relates to the. Bureau of Education.
Mr. HAMLIN. Now, I suggest that these
amendments, be agieed to or disagreed to pro
forma. Ir, is immaterial, it seems to me, which
way the vote is to night. Let, them go iuto the
Senate when we have a full Senate, and there
let.the, vote be taken which will finally settle
them. •
Mr: TRUMBULL. We gain nothing by that.
Mr. SU.\!lN Eli. Nothing at all.
The VlCfil PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report, the amendment to the amendment.
The Chief Cleuk. The Committee on Ap-
propriations report to amend the clause by
Stiikni^ out the words '* one clerk a! $1,800 ;
oue cWrJs at $1,000; ooe clerk at SI,400;
one messenger at $840; stationery; $600;
library, $1,000; collecting statistics and writ-
ing and compiling matter for annual and spe-
cial reports, $3,000 ; contingencies, $1,260 ;
in all, $14,600." and to insert iu lieu thereof
the words " and two clerks of class one, in all
$o,400;" soastoread: "For Commissioner of
Education, $3,000; and two clerks of class
one, iu all $5,400 " It is proposed by ihe Sen-
ator from Missouri [Mr. Drake] to amend the
part which the committee propose to strikeout,
by adding the following proviso :
Pmvided, That from and afterthe30th dny of June,
1870, tbe clerical force iu the office of snid Commis-
sioner shall be as in this seotion authorized.
< The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment
offered by the Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Drake]
Mr. SUMNER. The question is on the
proviso, is it not?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment
offered by the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. SCJMNER. Is there anythiug more than
the proviso iu that amendment?
Mr. WILLIAMS. No.
Mr. SUMNER. I am in favor of the pro-
viso, but I am not in favor of the other amend-
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first ques-
tibn is upon adding this proviso to the part
proposed to be stricken out, and the next ques-
tion will be on strikiug out the clause as
amended.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the proviso will be
adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first question
is on adding the proviso.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now recurs on the amendment as amended,
which is to strike out all of the clause and to
insert an appropriation for the Commissioner
of Education and two clerks only.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope that will not be done.
I do not know that it will be of any value to
debate itfurther. Ample reasons were assigned
yesterday. If the occasion required I should
be perfectly willing to go on and mention other
reasons. 1 hope that now when we are giving
up the Bureau of Freedmen and when we have
the responsibility for the education of the
freedmen we shall not begin by this act of abdi-
cation.
Mr. WILLEY. Objection was made yester-
day to this department of education on the
ground that it appeared it had not accomplished
any very beneficial purpose. Sir, it is not
strange, and will not be strange if it shall not
hereafter accomplish much. It seems to me it
is as ungenerous as it is unjust first to create a
department for a specified purpose, then to
fail to give it the means to accomplish that
purpose, and then to decry and denounce it
because it has not accomplished the purpose.
Mr. FERRY. Will the Senator from West
Virginia state for what purpose the department
was created ?
Mr. WILLEY. I will state the purpose for
which I understand it was created. The main
purpose, in my judgment, was this: it is to
answer the purpose in regard to the subject of
education that our present census laws do in
regard to population and to the wealth and the
various interests of the country embraced within
the duties of our census-takers. That is tbe
primary purpose of this department, to collect
statistics of education. . It is so nominated in
the bond. If the Senator from Connecticut
had turned his attention to the act creatiug the
original department of education, which is the
law of the present Bureau of Education, he
would have seen that that was the primary
object. Can there be a more important object7
We take means to ascertain tiie agricultural
statistics of the country. We take the neces-
sary uwaus to a$cert;*in the commercial gtatis
tics of the country. We take the necessary
means to ascertaiu the population of the coun-
try, the age of the different classes of persons
and a thousaud other things which we tiling
are material to be known iu order to form a
just estimate of the condition of the country,
and upon which to predicate our legislation.
Now, sir, can there be anything move neces-
sary to ascertain correctly and perfectly than
the statistics of education—education lying at
the basis of all the fundamental principle of
our national prosperity, whether you refer to
the industrial interests of the country or to the
political existence of the country itself? Why,
sir, other nations have gone so far as to devise
a compulsory system of education ; and shall
we in this country, where we profess that all
just laws are derived from the consent of the
governed, thereby implying an intelligent con-
sent, where we profess that, the education and
intelligence of the people lie at the foundation
of our liberties themselves, fail to take the
necessary measures to ascertain what is the
condition of the country in these important
respects? We send out our census-takers for
the purpose of ascertaining how many cattle
there are in the country, how many chickens
are roosting in the heii-houses of the farmers
of the country, and yet fail to ascertain what
is the condition of the education and the intel-
ligence of the country so as to advise our states-
men what is necessary to be done in that direc:
tion. It seems to me there could be no more
important object to be ascertained in regard to
the matter of statistics than the statistics of
education. If we are to have a department in
that respect at all let us give it the necessary
aid to make it perfect and to obtain for us the
information that is to be ascertained by the
organization of stlch a department.
Mr. FERRY. The error into which the Sen-
ator from West Virginia has fallen, as it seems
to me, consists in assuming that we have not
already a well-defined educatioual system for
the peopleofthe United States carried on where
it is best carried on, by the local authorities in
the several States; and, as I remarked yester-
day, any legislation by Congress which would
tend to draw the attention and the interest of
the people from the local means of education
employed in the States, and direct that atten-
tion and interest to Federal legislation would,
in ray judgment, be entirely disastrous.
I inquired of the Senator what were the pur-
poses to which he was alluding for which this
department of education was created. He says
if I had read the act I would have ascertained
for myself. The act was read here yesterday,
and it contained substantially what the Senator
has stated. Thisdepartmentof education was
created for the purpose of collecting educa-
tional statistics; and yetnotone iota of power
or capacity is given by any law to the depart-
ment of education for the purpose of collect-
ing those statistics. It is not like the Census
Bureau. You establish that bureau, and then
you appoint officers all over the United States
to go among the people, to question them, to
collect the statistics, and you make-it incum-
bent upon them, through their various superior
officers, to make their reports to the head of the
Census Bureau in Washington.
But what is the Commissioner of Education
to do?, Jtfo man in the United States is com-
pelled by law to make any report to him. He
can simply write to this State superintendent
and to that State superintendent and ask the
one or the other as to the condition of educa-
tion in their respective States, and they may
reply or not just as they choose. He may
gather together the annual reports of the State
superintendents and extraet from them the
pictures of school houses and put them into
his annual reports, as has been done.
Now, sir, 1 have not only read the act creat-
ing the department of education, but I think
I have done what almost no other Senator has
done—1 have read the volume ot many hun-
dred pages which waa printed by the depart-
