432
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 27,
Ho. of Reps.
Fifteenth Amendment—Mr. Swarm.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
needed to complete the work. In striking down
the power and jurisdiction of the State courts
and transferring the same to the district courts
of the United States in all the issues arisiug
under this bill, we not only correct no abuse
that has heretofore been complained of as
resulting from local prejudice or partisan re-
straint, but introduce an element still more
exclusive and dangerous in its tendencies,
deriving its origin from the dominant party,
and in the closest sympathy and fraterniza-
tion with the Federal arm in its war upon the
States.
The right to regulate suffrage by the States
is a fundamental principle ofthis Government.
There is nothing in the enumerated powers del-
egated by the Constitution which deprives the
people of this right. The only limitation to
this power will be found iu article one, section
four of the Constitution, which delegates to
Congress the power to make or alter any reg-
ulations made by a State, prescribing the time,
place, and manner of holding elections for
Senators and Representatives in Congress,
except as to the place of choosing Senators.
This is the whole power which Congress is
authorized to exercise over it. The Consti-
tution admits of no latitude of construction
winch could in any way enlarge or modify it.
This reservation was so fundamental as to pre-
sent the only barrier between a republican and
consolidated form of government. The Con-
stitution was formed by the States, deriving
their powers directly from the people, and act-
ing as their authorized and immediate repre-
sentatives, and if they reserved to themselves
any attribute of sovereignty whatever it was
to regulate suffrage within their limits. It
stood as the very groundwork of the Federal
Constitution, for without it the Federal Consti-
tution, when passed upon by thcpeople, would
not have received the ratification of a single
Slate in this (Jnion. Wo were making a
tiovornment of the people, not a concen-
trated Government, with the legislative depart-
ment supreme and absolute, without check or
limitation, from the reserved powers of the
States.
1 am quite aware, Mr. Speaker, that there
are tlioso upon this floor who have treated the
States as mere counties or municipal corpora-
tions, subject to bo controlled by Congress,
and to bo wiped from existence by the sover-
eign will of Congress. In the view of these
radical progressionists they are not integrals
of your Federal system with any show of sov-
ereignty whatsoever, but slaves and dependen-
cies of the central power. If this is the lesson
which this enforcement act teaches us, better
lor the American people had they never fought
the battles of the Revolution. The last vestige
ol liberty is gone. Of all the forms of gov-
ernment, that of an irresponsible oligarchy
is most to be dreaded, and the concentration
of power in the_ legislatives department repro-
duces with terrific admonition those revolting
pictures of anarchy and blood and human
degradation aud ruin which have marked the
world's progress.iu the struggles of the few to
exercise absolute and despotic power over the
many.
While there is a large majority, as I believe,
of the people of this country who question
Ihe constitutionality uf the fifteenth amend-
ment, there is uo State iu the Union, either
through its Legislature or any respectable por-
tion ot its people, which has counseled resist-
ance to its degrading provisions. It is the
offspring of force, revolutionary in its origin,
and defective in the. mode of its adoption.
States that were denied existence as States in
the Union for participation in the rebellion
were made to vote for its ratification as the
condition of their readmission, and States that
had receded from their original action were
counted in the aggregate of those who had
given it their sanction. The test of impartial
judicial scrutiny will sooner or later uncover
the wickedness of its origin, and hold to a
just accountability the party by whom it was
ingrafted upon your organic law.
There is nothing in the past history of the
country that establishes more conclusively the
law-abiding character of our people than tlieir
quiet submission to the provisions of this fif-
teenth amendment. But while the people sub-
mit they are not convinced. The day has not
yet come, nor will it ever, when this bill of
pains and penalties will serve to reconcile
them either to the terms of this amendment or
the means which have been adopted to enforce
its recognition. It will stand as a burning sore
upon the body-politic until removed by the
knife of the surgeon. The pent up wrath of an
outraged people can never be repressed by
threats and violence. It will continue to grow
and intensify rather than languish and subside
into apathy, and it will only find vent in the
triumphant vindication of the claims of a whito
man's Government, and the vested guarantees
of a restored Constitution.
Let any one trace the encroachments which
have been going on step by step, with such
fearful rapidity, upon the reserved rights of the
States aud the people, and tell me candidly
whether every power is not already gone which
was worth contending for? Take away your
power over suffrage, and what is left lo you
of representative government? When the fif-
teenth amendment was passed, to be enforced
by "appropriate legislation," you were told
that there was no covert purpose to interfere
with the rights of the States ; but where do you
stand to-day? Look at this bill! What does
it propose? "To enforce the right of citizens
of the United States to vote in the several
States of this Union, and for other purposes."
What other purposes? To place the negro
over the white man. That is simply what it
means, and nothing less. This is the whole
object of the "other purposes" above referred
to, and I will endeavor to show it by the pro-
visions of this bill.
The first section provides that all citizens
of the United Stales, without distinction of
race, color, or previous condition of servitude,
shall be entitled and allowed to vote. Thi3 is
aflirmatory only of the fifteenth amendment,
which was complete in itself without additional
legislation. The State courts were bound to
see that the Constitution was obeyed in this
particular.
The second section begins the chapter of
penalties, which run through the whole bill.
It refers to State officers, and imposes a penalty
for misconduct ot $500 and imprisonment for
not less than one month and not more than
one year, or both, at the discretion of the
court.^ This section, although applying to all
alike, is intended specially to protect the negro
in the exercise of his right of suffrage.
The third section is directly in the face of the
Constitution, and assumes the right to super-
sede the authority of a State in the regulation
of suffrage within its limits. It upsets the
registry taws, under which electors are quali-
fied, and gives to any aggrieved person whose
qualifications may have been questioned the
right, on his own affidavit, to be placed upon
the registry and to vote at an election, with
provision for^ neavy penalties, costs of suit,
counsel fees, imprisonment, &c. In this sec-
tion Congress assumes entire jurisdiction over
this whole subject, and gives to the colored citi-
zen of African descent, for in his interest the
law was evidently drawn, to claim his place
upon the registry, without question, as far as
appears, beyond his own affidavit to the fact
of his qualification. Not only this, but it em-
powers the negro or the Radical voter to vent
their spleen upon the officer refusing to register
their vote by a heavy fine and imprisonment,
or both. This monstrous provision, render-
ing void all the machinery of State registra-
tion and invading the purity of the ballot-
box, by suffering designing politicians and ne-
groes to be registered, whether qualified or not,
whether residents of the precinct or election
district or not, for such would be the prompt-
ingofthe corrupt class of mercenary politicians
who would take advantage of the privilege ac-
corded to them by this law, is hardly to be cred-
ited, were it not iu keeping with the whole char-
acter of this bill. It holds out a temptation
to_fraud and perjury which would inflict equal
injury upon the voter and the public.
My honorable friend from Kentucky, [Mr.
Beck,] to whom I always listen with pleasure,
says, in reference to this section, in exposing
the enormity of its effect upon the people at an
excited election:
"By the third section of vour bill you givo any
negro SaOO who will make affidavit that he has been
mistreated by a judge or register, and you hold out
inducements to him in every line of it almost, if ho
is discharged for drunkenness, stealing, or .my other
cause, to swear that it was for his political opinions,
and tempt him and his allies to drag his employer
it may ho hundreds of miles, before the Federal
court. A, ith such judges as wo know exist, in many
sections we know what his chances are. Tho whole
bill, as [ said, is one of abominations; but 1 suppose
the pariy cannot ^o back, and it will doubtless pass."
I pause, sir, to say that I cordially indorse
tho language of the gentleman, and adoot it
as my own.
The fourth and fifth sections are still more
monstrous than those to which 1 have alluded.
No man is safe under their operation. The
fourth section is intended to apply to those
who by force, bribery, threats, intimidation,
or other unlawful means shall hinder any voter,
or shall combine and confederate with others
to obstruct any citizen in his right to vote,
imposing the usual penalty, as heretofore stated.
The fifth section provides—
. ^-.kaA ^ aQy ono shall prevent, hinder, control, or
intimidate, or shall attempt to prevent, hinder, con -
trol, or intimidate any person from exercising or in
exorcising the right of suffrage, to whom tho right
ot suffrage is secured or guarantied by the fifteenth
amendment to tho Constitution of tho Unifcod States,
by means of bribery, threats, or threats of depriviny
such.person of employment or occupation, or of
ejecting such person from routed house, hinds, or
other property, or by threats of refusing to lencvv
leases or contracts for labor, or by thrc«t< of violence
to himself or iamiiy, such person so offending1 shall
be gudty of a misdemeanor, and shall on conviction
thereof bo fined not less than $500, or be imprisoned
not less than ono month and not more than one year,
or both, at tho discretion of tho court.
It is not easy to foresee the sweeping conse-
quences of this section, intended to guard the
negro against every conceivable contingency
growing out of his dependent position. Tho
vvhite man, in the exercise of his privilege, is
liable to imprisonmentif he asserts control over
his own property; for in ejecting a person from
a rented house at or near the lime of a heated
election, or in doing any other similar act,
the motive would not be left with him, but with
the Federal courts, with the hosts of pimps,
spies, and retainers authorized by this bill and
supported at. tho Government expense, whose
interc-st it would be to conduct such prosecution.
Negro testimony would he sufficient to convict
hira and throw him into prison. So of his
refusal to renew leases or contracts of labor,
or threats of violence. He is subject to the
will of those who would delight to secure his
conviction, and tho most innoeent remark
lnight be tortured into a threat and made the
basis of successful complaint, even to the peril
of his personal liberty. The white man is sim-
ply at the mercy of the negro and his Radical
guardian and admirer, who at any time may
bring-the artfully-contrived machinery of this
law lo operate upon our best citizens. If this
is not degrading our own race and protecting
