5222
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
to the ports named in the bill over those not
nansed in the bill.
Mr. HOWE. I desire to say just one word
on this constitutional question; and that is,
that but for your regulations of commerce,
which require vessels to discharge and duties
to be paid in ports where they are first landed,
I do conceive that goods could be shipped just
as well from Brest to Chicago as they are now
shipped from St. Louis to New York, going
part of the way by rail, part of the way by
steamboat, part of the way by canal-boat.
There are several transhipments, forwarding
houses undertaking to take them at one point
and deliver them at another; and it could be
done just as well, but for your regulations,
from Brest to Chicago. But you have imposed
regulations that every bale of goods shipped
from Brest destined for Chicago, if going by
the way of New York, shall stop at New York
and pay duties there, and if going by way of
Boston, shall stop at Boston and pay the duties
there, and so of every other port. It is your
regulation of commerce which does it. If there
can be a preference more pointed established
by a commercial regulation than that I should
like to see it.
Mr. BAYARD. There is no difference ex-
cept this, that ships must land on the sea-coast,
and you canuot have sea-coast in the interior
of the country.
Mr. HOWE. Ships must land on the sea-
coast, but the goods need not certainly stop at
the sea coast.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But they must land.
Mr. WARMER. I move to insert the words
"Mobile, in the State of Alabama," in the
seventh seetion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
an amendment to an amendment now pending.
The hour of half past four o'clock having
arrived, the Senate, according to order, will
now take a recess until half past seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
PAVING PENNSYLVANIA AVENUE.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 desire to submit a report
from a committee of conference; and as it is
very brief, I ask that it may be read and acted
upon at once.
The Chief Clerk read the report, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments of tho
Senate to the bill (II. K. No. 2275) to provide for the
paving of Pennsylvania avenue, bavins met, after
±uil and free conference have agreed to recommcnd,
and do recommend, to their respective Houses as
follows:
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the amendments of the Senate, and agree to the same.
H. HAMLIN,
WM. M. STEWART,
GEORGE VICKERS,
Managers on the pari of the Senate.
BURTON C. COOK.
FERNANDO WOOD,
M. WELKER,
Managers on the part of the Ifouse.
Mr. HAMLIN. All there is in this matter
was just this: by :he bill 
Mr. EDMUNDS. I want to know whether
it requires unanimous consent to consider this
report at this time, or not.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. One objec-
tion will carry it over under the strict inter-
pretation of the rule ; but the Chair has never
known an objection to be interposed to action
on the report of a committee of conference
when presented.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I understand the
Chair to hold tha:. by the rule of the Senate an
objection will carry it over?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Yes, sir.
Mr. E&MUNDS. I do not make objection,
but, i merely wanted to know the law.
Mr. HAMLIN. Let the question be taken.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in tho report of the com-
mittee of conference.
The report was concurred in.
AMENDMENTS TO APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. MORRILL', of Vermont, Mr. SAWYER,
and Mr. THAYER submitted amendments in-
tended to be proposed to the bill (H. R. No.
2165) making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June SO, 1871, and for other purposes;
which were referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
JANE ALLEN BIRCKHEAD.
Mr. CONKLING-. I move to take up Senate
bill No, 836, subject to a call for the regular
order in regard to it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What has that to do with
the pending bill?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to take it up now.
Mr. CONKLING-. I hope common consent
will be given.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let the bill be read for
information.
The Chief Clerk. It is a bill for the relief
of Jane Allen Birckhead, and reads as follows:
Be it enacted. &e.. That the Secretary of the Treas-
ury be directed to pay to Jane Allen Birckhead,
daughter and heir-at-law of Alexander Watson, de-
ceased, out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, the sum of S51.000 for property
lost, captured, or destroyed in Florida, during the
Indian hostilities commencing in 1835.
Mr. CONKLING-. That is the oiiginal bill.
The amendment is $30,000. Let that be read.
The Chief Clerk. The committee report to
strike out in line four the words " daughter and
heir-at-law" and to insert "and other heirs-
at-law;" and to strike out "fifty-one" in line
seven and insert "thirty;" so as to make the
bill read:
That tho Secretary of tho Treasury be directed to
pay to Jar.c Allen Birckhead, and otherheirs-at-law
of Alexander Watson, deceased, out of any money m
tins Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum
of *30.000 tor property lost, captured, or destroyed in
Florida, during the Indian hostilities commencing in
1835.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to the present consideration of
the Mil?
Mr. CONKLING. 1 ask to make one re-
mark before the Chair pats that question^ I do
not myself know what the merits 01 this bill
aie. It is said to be a very hard ease f and a
number of highly respectable persons have
asked me, and urged me to move to take it up,
that it may have a hearing. The Senator from
West Virginia [Mr. Willey] knows all about
it, and in a very few words can state it. I ask
that it be taken up, subject to a demand for the
regular order. _ !
Mr. TUUMBULL. What committee did it
come from?
Mr. CONKLING. From the Committee on !
Claims.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to be about
Indian matters.
Mr. CONKLING. The bill is reported from
the Committee on Claims of this body, and I
am told it is a unanimous report.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Did I not understand
the Senator to say that it grew out of Indian
hostilities in Florida?
Mr. CONKLING. It grew out of an Indiau
war, I understand.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
objection ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am not in favor of
passing the bill without knowing something
about it.
Mr. CORBETT. Is there a ieport m tae
case ?
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from West
Virginia can make a much briefer statement
than the report.
Mr. WILLEY. If the Senate is disposed
to consider the case, I can only say there is a
very fall report which has been lying on the
table of the Senate for some time past. This
is a claim growing out of the destruction
of properly in the Indian wor in Florida in
1835-36, and it is predicated upon the analo-
gies of the act of 1816, granting compensation
for property, houses, &c., destroyed, where the
destruction had been superinduced by making
those houses places of deposit for stores and
hospitals during the war of 18X2.
Mr. Alexander Watson, the father^ of the
ladies who are the applicants now, resided on
the banks of the Suwanee river, in the State of
Florida, in 1835. An Indian war broke out;
forces were sent to that river as the frontier
his property was forcibly taken possession of
against his remonstrances, and against circum- j
stances very well proven in the record going
to show that if he had been allowed to remain
in his property he would have been able to
defend it by his own means of defense. His
house was seized—it was an elegant mansion ;
his sugar-houses were seized—they were of the
first order; and all his out-houses for raising
cotton and storing it, and his apparatus for
manufacturing sugar, with his elegant mansion
and everything in his mansion, were seized.
He was sent with his slaves into the interior.
These houses became hospitals and a piaceof
deposit for stores of the force then defending
the frontier along the Suwanee river.
The evidence is very full as to the value of
the property and as to the tact that the prop-
erty was destroyed as a matter o£ revenge on
the part of the Indians for having been pos-
sessed and used as places ot deposit^by the
United States troops or bv the troops of h iorida.
In 1842 this matter was before Congress,
and the Senate passed a bill, predicated upon
the act of 1818, appointing commissioners to
take evidence according to the act of 18115,
which related to the war ol 1812, to ascertain
what was due. The Senate passed that bill,
which went over to the House of Represent-
atives. The committee of the House reported
that bill back with an amendment, not afiect-
iug ihe gist of the matter at all. In 1541 it
was leferred again to the Committee on Claims
in the Senate, and Mr. V\ right, from that com-
mittee, reported a bill to the same effect again
to the Senate, but it was not acted upon.^ In
1846 the same memorial was referred again to
the Committee on Claims in the Senate, and
Mr. Butler then made a short report. It is
much shorter than the report which I have
made, and embodies an outline of the facts,
and I do not know that I can more succinctly
state the cas? than by reading Mr. Butler's
report:
"It appears in evidence inthocase of Alexander
Watson, who prays for indemnitv for property de-
stroyed by hostile Indians in Florida, that &aid
claimant was, during tho late Seminole war, the
proprietor of a large cotton and sugar plantation on
the Suwanee river, on which he had erected exten-
sive and costly improvement'? ibr plantingpui'po^cp.
It further appears that Major McLemore, a militia
officer in command of i'orc Dabney, a post witnm
tnree or four hundred yards of said lnipiovemciit-N
took possession of them, mid occupied them as places
of deposit of stores and for hospitals f>r the accom-
modation of his men. It is also m evidence that the
above-mentioned occupation d;d not, take place at
his solicitation, nor for the protection of the claim-
ant's property, ho hcincr averse, tnereto in conse-
quence oi'the friendly reuvons wiiica had always
existed between himself and the Indian*, and the
belief that he could icpel any attack that mijjhtbe
made, with his own slaves andsaeh other armed lore©
as he could procure with hit? own resources. The
occupation, as shown in the tcs-tiiaony, took place
for the prevention of ho-iiUe aggression beyond the
Suwanee river and the protection ot middle Florida.
Tho immediate cause oi Tfto des-Uucrion the
claimant',? property ar05c, nutated in the evidence,
in a skirmish which had taken place a day or two
previously thereto, iu which several Indians were
killed. As the battle was fought in the immediate
, neighborhood of the buildings, the witnesses are of
M opinion that the Indians were actuated by motives
S| of revenge for the lo>s of their friends, and would
|! not, under other circumstances, h..ve attacked the
'! premises.
■ | "The claimant has piready received indemnity for
!j the loss of a portion of lu> pr.'pcnt.v, consisting of
\ corn, bacon, &<■.., consumed 03 th.> troops during their
' \ stay in the neighborhood, but claims tuithcrremun-
!| eration for su0'ar, mola^e?, and other article?, dis-
tributed among them by tho quartermaster of the
i! station, for which the Comptroh. r of the Treasury
jj did not think proper to make allowance, as\ in his
ij opinion, they did not come Within the provisions of
the law then existing."
Several letters are here referred to.
" The fact of the occupation of the pieinirfe^ haying
taken place at the suggestion of the military otficu
