134
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
to the kindness of heart and graciousness of
manner which made him, to those who knew
him best, the good friend and fascinating com-
panion. I hope to carry through my life a
green memory of the good counsel and help
that he always generously gave me. Of his
career as a public man -it is not fitting that I
should attempt to speak. It was open to in-
spection from its beginning to its close, and,
like the broad river which gains new volume
with every affluent, it increased in its force with
each year until at last it ended in that vast sea
whither all human life flows. Others who have
been intimately associated with him in the im-
portant legislation of the last fifteen years, and
who can more clearly point out the guiding
and restraining influence of his mind upon that
legislation, have spoken in language of full
appreciation.
But I cannot fail to render, my tribute of
admiration for the inflexible spirit of independ-
ence that he always displayed in maintaining
what he believed to be right, refusing to be
swayed by popular outcry or the fear of party
displeasure. And this, joined with the absence
of any overweening desire to enforce views sim-
ply as his own views, thus preventing him from
becoming an " impracticable" in politics, made
him what seems to me as the nearly complete
pattern of an American legislator. His stead-
fastness in adhering to a given course when
both wind and tide were against him was shown
most conspicuously in the impeachment trial.
But I have studied his life before that event
closely enough to see that any one well know-
ing him need not take that instance into the
account in concluding that Mr. - Fbssenden'
would not be turned from the way he believed
to be the right way by fear of immediate unpop-
ularity. No tempest of voices ever dictated
to him who should be released to the people and
who should be crucified. But he who believes
that his firmness came from a defiant and un-
sympathetic spirit is, I think, wholly wrong.
Mr. Fessenden' understood fully ar.d talked
freely with his friends of the burdens and
restraints imposed by a political life, and he
always strove to so bear himself that no re-
proach of neglected duty could be laid at his
door, and that his acts and his motives should
not be cheapened by the inducements that beset
the politician. He has portrayed all this in his
eulogy upon the honorable Solomon Foot, a
Senator from Vermont, who died in 1860, and
whom he respected and loved.
From his place in the Senate Chamber he
then said:
"When, Mr. President, a man, however eminent
in other pursuits and wlmtover claims ho may have
to public confidence, becomes a member of this body
he nas much to learn and much to endure. Little
doos he know of what ho will have to onoounter. ilo
may be well read in public affairs, but he is unaware
ol the difficulties which must attend and embarrass
every efiort to render what he may know available
and useful. He may bo upright in purpose and strong
in the belief of his own integrity, but tie cannot even
dream of the ordeal to which ho cannot fail to be
exposed; of how much courago ho must possess to
resist the temptations which daily beset him; of that
sensitive shrinking from undeserved censure which
he must learn to control; of the ever-recurring con-
test between a natural desire for public approbation
and a sense of public duty; of the load of injustice
he must be content to bear even from those who
should be his friends; the imputations on his motives;
the sneers and sarcasms of ignorance and malice;
all the manifold injuries which partisan or private
malignity disappointed of its object may shower upon
his unprotected head. All this, if he would retain
his integrity, he must learn to bear unmoved and
walk steadily onward in the path of public duty sus-
tained only by the reflection that time may do him
justice; or, if not, that his individual hopes and
aspirations, and even his name among men, should
be of little account to him when weighed in the bal-
ance against the welfare of a poople of whose destiny
he is a constituted guardian and defender."
As I read these words the form of the dead
statesman rises before me; 1 behold him in
his .place in t he Senate Chamber presenting the
matured result of his thought and investigation,
or casting his vote uninfluenced by any con-
sideration whether he was for the lime in the
majority or minority ; or again I listen to his
voiee, when, besieged by importunate suppli-
cants for political influence or political place,
his stern rebuke broke down the brazen front
of the man who sought to put his own advance-
ment higher than the good of the public service;
and when I interpret this loftiness by the light
of the words that he uttered at the grave of the
friend that he loved I know that he was not just
because his nature was cold,, and that he did
not hate demagogues because he had no sym-
pathy with the people, but that his ideal of the
Seiiator was so high and he so loyally strove
to reach it that his course carried him over all
the pain and heart-sickness that he often felt
when the people murmured and friends grew
estranged.
But he went in quest of no popularity that
had to be bought by time serving, and never
kept himself before the people by eccentric
courses and dangerous experiments in legisla-
tion. It was not of such as he that Dryden
wrote—■
" A daring pilot in extremity;
Pleased with the danger when the waves went high
He sought the storm, but for a. ealm unfit
Would steer too nigh the sands to boast his wit."
He had no such ambition for leadership that
for its sake he would bring the Republic nigh
to final shipwreck.
Mr. Speaker, our own State mourns an hon-
ored son and the nation has lost a tried and
faithful public servant. Those who have for
years taken part in our national Government
will miss the leader who was yet the comrade
in this, that he took upon himself his full share
of the burden and work of the day.
But to the young men who are just entering
public life the deprivation is even greater. That
life with its temptations and seducements is all
before us. There are tricks and shams and
intimidations that are set as pitfalls in our
paths. With much that is noble and inspiring
about us, there are manifold inclinations to
sloth, to fickleness, and it may be to corrup-
tion. Who can tell whether he has notalready
set his feet in the way that leads down to moral
death? We need the tones of that voice which
never directed the coward's retreat, the splendid
calm of that clear face that kept its serenity
■when the battle around him was at its thickest;
we need the actual sight of and association
with him and all such as he was, who by exam-
ple and precept elevate our aims, establish our
character, and make us truly public servants
for the public good. And for him who, con-
nected with public affairs, seeks to build up an
honorable reputation, what better course can
be given than to emulate the steadfastness,
the sobriety, the justice of William Pitt Fes-
senden?
The resolutions were unanimously agreed to;
and thereupon (at four o'clock and thirty-five
minutes p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ALLISON : The petition of Lieuten-
ant Wallis Pattee, company K, seventh Iowa
cavalry volunteers, asking relief from responsi-
bility for loss by theft of $549 95.
By Mr. BUCK: A petition for the removal
of disabilities from William E. Beaird, of Dal-
las county, Alabama.
Also, the petition of M. T. Ferryman, for
relief, with accompanying papers.
| By Mr. COX: The petition of Ignatius T.
i Chutkowski, for compensation for damage to
j his property by the United States forces in
j Virginia.
! By Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio: A petition
of soldiers of 1812, asking to be placed on the
pension-roll of the United States.
By Mr. GILFILLAN: The petition of Hugh
Baker, a soldier of the war of 1812, for a
pension.
Also, a petition of citizens of Pennsylvania,
for the equalization of bounties of soldiers
transferred from the Army to the Navy.
By Mr. GRISWOLl): The petition of Jane
Griffin, of Ulster county, New York, for in-
crease of pension.
! Also, the petition of Caroline Terwilliger,
j of Ulster county, New York, for increase of
[ pension.
By Mr. HOLMAN: The petition of John II.
; Erusger, John R. Bird, Tilford J. Kenan, John
i S. Marety and 20 others, citizens of Indiana,
j in favor of a remission of the duty on hides,
j By Mr. KELLEY: The petition of the let-
i ter-carriers stationed at Philadelphia, praying
j for an increase of salary.
II Also, a memorial of the National Colored
Labor Convention, praying that (lie surveyed
publiclands in the southern States may be subdi-
vided into tracts of forty acres each, and that any
freedman who shall settle on one of such sub-
divisions, and cultivate the same for one year,
shall receive a patent for the same, the title of
such land to vest in the settler and his heirs,
and to be inalienable for the period of ten years
from the date of entry; and further, that the
grants of public lands made by the Government
to railroad corporations of the southern States,
and forfeited by reason of non-compliance with
the conditions annexed to said grants, be not
revived, but that the lands embraced in such
lapsed grants be brought within the operation
of the homestead act.
Also, a petition of citizens of Philadelphia,
praying Congress to provide pensions for the
surviving soldiers of the war of 1812.
By Mr. KERR: The letter of George P.
Iluekeby, esq., in reference to the application
of Mrs. Elizabeth Ravenseroft, widow of John
Ravenscroft, deceased, for relief as a pen-
sioner, &c.
By Mr. McCORMICK: A petition of certain
citizens of Missouri, praying Congress to remit
import duties on hides.
By Mr. NIBLACK: The memorial of Blythe
Hines and 34 others, citizens and lawyers of
Bvansville, Indiana, praying the establishment
of a United States district court in that city.
By Mr. O'NEILL: A petition of the letter-
carriers of Philadelphia, for increase of salary.
Also, a petition of citizens of Philadelphia,
asking that the names of the surviving veterans,
soldiers and sailors of the war of 1812, and the
widows of such as are dead, be put on the pen-
sion-roll.
By Mr. READING: The petition of 102
letter-carriers of Philadelphia, asking for an
increase of salary.
Also, the petition of citizens of Philadelphia,
asking that the survivors of the war of 1812 be
placed upon the pension-roll of the United
States.
By Mr. SCOFIELD : A communication of
Mrs. Mary M. Cromwell, asking such legisla-
tion as-will enable her to collect the arrear-
ages due her late husband as paymaster's clerk
in the Navy.
By Mr. SFEl'ENSON: A petition from
Calvin W. Starbuck and others, praying for
the admission free of duty of soda ash, caus-
tic soda, and bicarbonate of soda.
By Mr. TOWNSEND: A petition for the
relief of soldiers of the war of 1812.
By Mr. TWICHELL: The memorial of
John R. Savage, Lemuel Freeman, and Mar-
garet W. Westcott, for prize money.
By Mr. UPSON: The petition of Robert M.
Walker, for removal of disabilities under the
fourteenth amendment.
By Mr. WARD : The petition of George A.
Lamb, for pension.
By Mr. WILLARD : The petition of Daniel
Bag'ey> of Lincoln, Vermont, a soldier in the
war of 1812, for a pension.
By Mr. WITCH Eli: The petition of John C.
Bouyer, of Virginia, praying for the removal
ofpolitieal disabilities.
Also, the petition of V. A. Witcher, of Vir-
ginia, praying the removal of his political dis-
abilities.
