42-78
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
and pushes along the car of progress. In Spain
it is those who would construct a republic upon
the very ruins of the inquisition. Everywhere
there abide republican ideas, and the hope of
larger liberty.
The canaille of Paris who build barricades
and sing the Marsellaise, the very lazzaroni of
Naples who wait for the gleam of Garibaldi's
sword, all these are possessed of that grand
human idea which, transplanted to our soil,
blooms into attachment to our republican insti-
tutions as expressed in our Constitution. And
this idea of liberty, so long dormant, so often
repressed, isgathering constantly in strength and
volume; and some day the hour will come when
freedom willno longer sitin tears upon theshores
of Europe,hut will march a conquering queen
over its tottered thrones; when from the Alps
to the Adriatic, from the Rhine to the North-
ern sea, on the islands of the ocean, by the
shores of the Mediterranean, and where the
Bosphorus reflects the splendors of the Cres-
cent, republics shall stretch in unbroken array.
This hour of liberty, sooner or later, shall arrive;
because under the cooled crust on which the
despots of Europe have erected their thrones
there surges the lava fires of aspirations for
liberty. It is that mighty pulsation which
sends to our shores those who cannot wait for
freedom at home. It is the element so stirred
by the angel of freedom that I desire shall coine
to us free as the winds and join us without
obstruction or delay. The men who love free-
dom, the men who desire to become American
citizens because they love American institu-
tions, this was the class whom our fiithers
designed to receive the privilege of American
citizenship, and not those who for base reasons
might seek to avail themselves of privileges that
would bring no appreciation or realization of
the idea of enlarged liberty.
I repeat the question of the gentleman from
California, [Mr. Sargent,] where is the He-
publican party of China? Where is the ele-
' ment in China or in Japan that has ever surged
■ forth in behalf of human freedom ? They are a
race without self-respect; they are a race with-
out ambition; they are a race without truth ;
they are a race without love of liberty. They
are willing slaves ; they are imperialists ; they
are polygamists. With those who come here
female chastity is not a virtue and the rearing
of families not practiced or commended.
So far as their love of truth is concerned, I
have seen some practical illustrations of it in
California and in Nevada; I have known twenty
Chinamen go upon the witness stand in an
action between members of rival companies
■ and swear to a certain state of facts, and twenty
other Chinamen come up on the other side and
swear to an exactly opposite state of facts.
They are witnesses hired by contract, under a
system of agency. They have no regard for the
obligations of an oath, however administered
or with whatever Chinese ceremony, i once
asked an intelligent Chinese banker this ques-
tion: "How in your own country do you get
these people to tell the truth? Wo cannot do
it here. No burning of pieces of perfumed
paper with cabalistic characters upon them, or
the cutting off a chicken's head, will do any
good; they lie just the same. How do you do
in China?" The banker said to me, "The
Governmentputs the thumb-screws upon them,
and turns the screws until they testify enough
to procure a conviction."
Look at the contracts which Chinese emi-
grants make with those who ship them here.
They agree with the company that brings them
over here to pay a certain sum per month out
of their earnings during the time they remain
here, and the company is to take them back,
dead or alive. They have no idea of becom-
ing American citizens. And if they should be-
come citizens, as you by this bill give them the
privilege of doing, it would be only for the
purpose of profit, pelf, and selling their votes
in the gross to the highest bidder for cash.
They are peaceful, that is true ; they are
frugal, that is true; they are industrious, all
that is true. But they are a race with a civili-
zation of their own, a civilization that is older
than ours," and with which ours cannot assimi-
late. They are a race which we cannot con-
vert to our customs and ideas. They would
have nothing to do with our schools, nothing
to do with our churches, nothing to do with
any institutions peculiar to our country. They
would assume obligations and privileges of
citizenship merely for the purpose of profit;
for I repeat that they would sell out their votes
in gross to the highest bidder for cash ; and it
would never occur to any one of them that he
had done anything wrong in delivering his vote
at whatever poll and for whatever candidate
the head of his company ordered.
It may be asked, why confine the provision
embraced in my amendment to the natives of
China and Japan? I answer, it is because
these alone, of all the Asiatic nations, are
swarming from their hives. In China there
are four hundred million people, and they
would not miss forty millions more than Ire-
land would miss half a million. They would
come here in countless multitudes. They are
already coming in very considerable numbers
to California and Nevada. They are slowly
making their way across the Rocky mountains
into Louisiana and Texas. And the former
slaveholders of those localities encourage and
assist them to come, because they can be easily
controlled there, because practically they are
slaves, and willing slaves, and 110 legislation
which we can enact, nothing which we can say
or do, will strike the shackles from them.
I have known many instances of Chinese
women bought and sold in slavery in Califor-
nia ; and although such were informed that
they could not legally be held, although they
were tendered the protection of the courts, al-
though they had reason to believe, from offers
which were made to them, that the entire civil
force of the county would be invoked to pro-
tect them from abduction, yet it made no dif-
ference, they would still go on and fulfill their
contracts of servitude. The Chinese do not
believe that there is power in the people of the
country to protect them from the enforcement
of the contracts which they make; and there is
not. They have tribunals of their own and pun-
ishments of their own. A Chinaman who ven-
tures to violate his contract does so at the risk
of having his head beaten in or his throat cut,
and no one knows by whom the act is perpe-
trated.
Can you say that such people will be attached
to the principles of republican government?
Can you say that they will make desirable citi-
zens? Can you say that you desire to incor-
porate them into your civilization? "But,"
gentlemen say, "the judge before whom they
will come to be naturalized will examine them;
if a Chinaman does not understand the prin-
ciples of republican government he need not
be admitted to citizenship." Look at this pro-
cess of naturalization, and see what a farce it
is. Seven hundred aliens are run through the
court in a day. A man comes upon the stand
and is asked, "Mr. Rafferty, do you know this
man?" "Yes." " Is he attached to the prin-
ciples of the Constitution ?" "Yes." "Is he
of good moral character?" "Yes, sir." The
process takes just as much time as I have occu-
pied in repeating the words. Upon such a
proceeding the court makes its solemn decree
declaring him a citizen. Why, sir, upon such
proof you could not in any court of the world
get a judgment upon a promissory note for
$500. Yet upon such proof your courts daily
invest men with the highest privilege of free-
men, the privilege of the ballot. You would
do this, under this law, upon Chinese testimony.
To two witnesses in each court, and under
this bill, which does away with all preliminary
declaration of intention, you give opportunity
to make forty thousand Chinese voters in a
week, and when you admit them to the priv-
ileges of citizenship they will aspire to all the
rest, if they can make it profitable. Chinese
juries and Chinese sheriffs would soon make
a farce of justice and a mockery of the course
of the common law. Will you thus admit to
citizenship tens of thousands of people who are
strangers to our civilization, who have no hope
in common with us, who do not know what the
word "freedom" means, and who eveu make
contracts to have their dead bodies exported
from the country?
I say the effect of this bill will be to make
voters of fifty thousand Chinese in Nevada,
Oregon, and California before the Legislatures
of those States can meet and adopt measures
to exclude them. I claim that we have the
power to exclude them under the fifteenth
amendment. If the Legislature should pass
an act providing that no native of China should
be admitted to vote, it would be an exclusion,
not on account of race, but on account of
nativity. But these fifty thousand Chinamen
would be made voters before the Legislatures
of Nevada or California could act upon the
subject, and we could then have the privilege
of contracting for the votes of these brand-new
citizens. Six companies in the city of San
Francisco would control every Chinese vote
on the Pacific coast. Contracts would have
to be made with them for so many thousand
votes, to be delivered in certain localities at
certain prices ; and whichever party would pay
the most for those votes would get them. They
would be delivered according to contract. No
Chinaman naturalized under such circum-
stances would dare to violate the contract by
which his vote was sold any more than he
would dare to violate the contract selling him
into slavery.
I tell you, gentlemen, that if you pass this
bill you will strike down the last hope of Re-
publican representation from the Pacific coast.
Of the sixty thousand Republican voters in
the States of Nevada, Oregon, and California,
there are not fifty men in favor of Chinese
suffrage, and more than thirty thousand of
them would leave the Republican party if it
should enact such a law as this, because upon
the Republican party must rest the respons-
ibility for this bill, as it has the majority upon
this floor.
Mr. WILKINSON. I wish to ask the gen-
tleman from Nevada if this element, which he
proposes to exclude from the effects of this bill,
in reference to naturalization, constitutes tho
laboring element on the Pacific slope or in
California ?
Mr. FITCH. No, sir, they do not; butthey
would constitute a very solid voting element,
and which would vote all one way, according
to agreement. I say the party which succeeded
would need to pay in cash for these Chinese
voters; and I further say, so far as I am con-
cerned, that high as is my estimate of the honor
of a seat here, as much as I value a place upon
this floor as one of the Representatives of the
people, I would return to obscurity for the bal-
ance of my life before I would hold a seat by
the tenure of Chinese votes, or before I would
consent to engage in the wholesale corruption
by which alone the Chinese vote could bo ob-
tained.
I wish to say, in conclusion, that I voted for
the bill enforcing the fifteenth amendment, the
sixteenth section of which protects this people
in all their civil rights. They are entitled to
protection. I do not think true statesmanship
is to be found in oppressing any defenseless
people, and I shall go as far as any mau to
extend protection to any people who may come
here under the belief that they would be safe
in person and property. That is one thing;
but to extend the high boon of citizenship is
another. These Chinese are coming to this
country in swarms. They have come and they
are still coming. They may soon crowd your
New England people out of their manufactories
and jostle your laborers in the fields.
You will say, cannot the Caucasian compete
with the Chinaman? He can compete with
