1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2391
amendment at this present moment, reserving
to myself the right to do so at a future stage of
the proceedings if I should deem proper. But
I did wish to see either one of these Kuklux—
and I wish one could be brought into the Sen-
ate of the United States, that we might see him—
or that some ono familiar with him, knowing
all about him, having had personal experience
and observation of him and his actions, should
give us a correct description of him.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that the Senator from Massachu-
setts accepts the modification of his amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Nevada.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, the Senator
from Delaware rose for the purpose of inform-
ing the Senate and the country, and Delaware
especially, that he deaired to see one of the
Kuklux Klan. If the Senator should become
acquainted with those klans he might be better
enlightened about the condition of affairs in
the southern portion of the country. I remem-
ber that fifteen years ago it was no uncommon
thing for Senators to rise on that side of the
Chamber and sneer at the idea of border-ruf-
fians in Kansas. Of course they denied it.
They jeered and sneered at the idea, while at
the same time the soil of that Territory was
stained with the blood of unoffending men and
the skies were illumed by their burning cabins.
History records the fact that while Senators
were denyingthe existence of border-ruffianism
in Kansas border-ruffians were laying waste
and murdering people for no other offense than
that they were in favor of making Kansas a
free State.
Sir, it is just so now. There are Senators
and persons connected with the press of the
country who during the last five years have
been denying with a sneer and a jeer that there
were bands of murderers committing outrages
upon innocent people in the States lately in
j ebeliion. Why, sir, the fact is, and it is under-
stood so by the intelligent people of the coun-
try, who have observed what is going on, and
it will go into the records of the times, that
there have been more men murdered since the
surrender of Lee's army in the States lately in
rebellion, on account of race, color, and loyalty,
than we had killed on any field of battle during
the rebellion. Yes, sir, they count by the hun-
dreds more than fell on the field of Gettysburg
or any other field of the war. I would com-
mend to the Senator from Delaware the read-
ing of the report made by the House of Repre-
sentatives in two large volumes at this session,
touching the election of 1868 in Louisiana. If
he can read it without horror he has become
more accustomed to the outrages perpetrated
in this country than have those of us who have
watched them for forty years.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator allow me
to ask, if the facts bo as he states them, how
it is that such outrages are not repressed?
You have had the South wholly under military
government until you put it into the hands of
your reconstructed Republican State govern-
ments. Every judge in Georgia was appointed
by Governor Bullock. All the officers there
whose business it is to execute the laws were
appointed by him. Why are not the laws exe-
cuted? Why does not General Terry see to
their execution? Why is it that in alt these
States in which you have had complete, abso-
lute military dominion you have suffered peo-
ple to be slaughtered in this manner? I do
not admit the Senator's statement at all; but
if the tenth part of it is true, why is it that you
have suffered these outrages ?-
Mr. WILSON. T will tell the Senator why
these things have been. They have been be-
cause there is a large class of disorganizing,
lawless, revolutionary, and violent men in that
portion of the country; men who were demoral-
ized by slavery and rained in the rebellion ;
men of blood, men who have glutted their
vengeance upon the men who were true to the
country, and upon the poor despised race
emancipated bylhe war. Hundreds of men
have been murdered in the State of Texas;
hundreds in Louisiana; hundreds in some
other of these States. In a few of those States
there have been perhaps as much order and
law as we had reason to expect. That the
military or any authorities we have had there
could have stopped altogether these outrages,
no one believes. That they have tried to do
so, I have not a doubt. Remember the canvass
of1868 in Georgia. Remember the outrages and
murders, when numbers of men were shot down
going to a public meeting to listen to Mr. Pierce,
who had been an officer in the war, and who had
settled in that State and was a candidate for
Congress. Take the condition of affairs in
Louisiana as proved by the committee of the
House of Representatives, showing scenes of
violence there. In one locality where the
Republicans had two thousand voters but
one man dared to vote for Grant, and he was
murdered within twenty-four hours. Sir, it is
easy to scoff and to deny these facts, but many
men have been outraged and murdered of
whom we have 110 record. Everybody knows
that the electoral vote of Louisiana in 18G8
was carried by violence, by acts that dishon-
ored and disgraced that spot of earth. Every-
body knows, too, that the United States mili-
tary authorities in New Orleans at that time
avowed that they had not the power to stand
up against the organized bands of that city and
State and protect the people in voting.
I do not wish to occupy the time of the Sen-
ate in regard to these outrages; but I wish to
say that it is vain to deny them, let the respons-
ibdity be upon whomsoever it may.
I have a word to say in regard to a remark
made by the Senatorfrom West Virginia. That
Senator referred to the many acts we had passed
relating to reconstruction. I say to that Sen-
ator that when we consider the condition of
this country at the close of the war ; when we
remember that two hundred years of human
bondage had poisoned and stained the whole
people ; that the "hope and ambition of men
bad led them to raise the banner of revolt
against the country; that the system they in-
tended should be eternal went down in the fire
and blood of civil war ; that all their hopes were
blasted forever ; that their slaves rose up from
the earth men, free, clothed with civil rights,
and finally clothed with political rights, and
made the equals and the peers of great slave-
masters that once counted their bondmen by
the hundreds and their acres by the thousands ;
when we consider all this, it is not s uprising
that the work of reconstruction sho ild be a
work of time and of difficulty, requiring many
acts of legislation on the part of this Govern-
ment.
Sir, in view of the condition of the country at
the close of the rebellion I am free to say that the
progress we have made is as rapid as any rational
men who understand this country had a right
to expect; that the cause of the country, the
cause of loyalty, liberty, and justice has pro-
gressed as rapidly as any of us had reason to
expect; that the scenes of violence which have
been enacted have been on the whole perhaps
not greater than we had a reasonable right to
expect under all the circumstances.
But, sir, we commenced reconstruction, I
admit, rather early. Perhaps it would have
been better to have held these States and gov-
erned them for a few years. But there was a
wish in the country, there was a desire in our
own hearts to restore these States and these
people, to forget the past, bury the contro-
versies of the past out of sight, unite together,
and carry our country onward and forward m
a career of prosperity, honor, and of glory.
We therefore passed our original reconstruction
act, in March, 1807. Three years have passed
away, and ten of the eleven rebellious States
are now represented in this Chamber. For
three years, through difficulty, through trial,
through toil, through suffering, through mis-
apprehension and misrepresentation, wo have
labored on, and the work is nearly completed ;
and I do not think that anybody has a right
anywhere to rise up in the country and reproach
us for the many acts we have passed to meet
the exigencies and needs of the country in this
great work. Be they few or many, these acts
have been eminently successful, and the tri-
umph of the policy of reconstruction is one
of -the grandest -triumphs recorded in human
history.
Wo were told, in the first place, that we
could not conquer the ten or twelve millions
of people in the South, that we could not con-
quer eleven States; and then when we did
conquer them people thought we could not get
them here, could not complete this work, un-
less it was done by allowing the rebels to have
it all their way. We havedoneit, and we have
done it on the basis of liberty, and justice, and
humanity. We have made the people equal,
have tried to protect them, have done the best
we could. Hundreds, yes, sir, thousands of
them have fallen by violence, by outrage ; but
in spite of it all the great work of reconstruc-
tion goes on, and law and order and peace and
justice are making progress, increasing, spread-
ing over the greater portion of that country ;
and the larger portion of the States lately in
rebellion have peace and law and order, and
are iu a prosperous condition.
Now Georgia istocome. It is a great State;
the Empire State of the South. I am not clear
after what has takenplaceduringthelasteight-
een months that the State is fit to be brought
iu here, and I am not sure that it would not be
wiser to put her again under the reconstruction
laws and hold her there two or three years
longer. But yet, sir, we are anxious to have
this work done; anxious to do justice and to be
right; anxious that this work shall be finished.
Now, what is the condition of affairs? The
Legislature was disorganized a few weeks after
its organization. It has for more than eighteen
months been a disorganized body. Of course
no legislation could be passed for the protec-
tion of the people, for education, in the interest
of peace and law and loyalty. Could that Legis-
lature have had two years to enact such laws,
and had those laws been in force, a great deal
would have been done to secure law and order
and peace and to protect the people. It was
not done.
Now we are asked to admit her, and what is
proposed ? There is a provision of the consti-
tution which is construed by some to give au-
thority to the Legislature to extend itself, so
that there shall not be an election of the whole
house and half of the senate in November
next. I must confess that I did not, on looking
that constitution through, find that power. I
doubt its existence ; I doubt the wisdom of so
construing it. I fear that if it is admitted and
acted upon there will be violence, that it may
be resisted, and therefore we should take the
power here in Congress and put it_ upon this
bill as one of our conditions, that in view of
the disorganization of that Legislature and the
failure to enact the necessary laws for the secur-
ity and protection of the loyal people, not for
the Republican people of that State, but the
people who are true to the country and law-
abiding, we should declare that no election
shall be held this year in Georgia. ^But if we
allow the Legislature to extend itself, if it may
extend itself two years it may three, which
would be an anti-republican provision; and so
I propose to declare that such a power shall
never be exercised, but that this Legislature,
organized on the 2Gth of January last under
authority of Congress, shall continue until a
, Legislature shall be elected in 1872 and sworn
! in. That would give time to enact laws, time to
j prepare and enforce them, time to protect the
i neople; and for one I scout the idea that we
| are legislating here or have been legislating
ji here to make a Republican State of Georgia.
H I never supposed Georgia would be a Repub-
ii liean State, but still it may be. It is not among
j! the States that I have counted as likely_to be
li Republican j but I do not care whether it "will
