1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1447
o'clock in the afternoon, we should have sent
them (the rebels) kiting to Richmond." But
they did not appear.
But, sir, we are at present engaged with
General Fitz John Porter. I have been read-
ing heretofore from official documents; but
now I must ask permission to read from oilier
documents; but 1 have compared these extracts
with the official documents, and I know them
to be correct, and I can read them very much
Quicker from the papers before me.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired.
Mr. CAMERON. I move that the morning
hour be extended until the Senator has finished
his remarks.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the Chair will regard the regular
business of the day as informally passed over
until the Senator from Michigan concludes.
The Chair hears no objection, aud the Senator ,
will continue. i
Mr. CHANDLER. On the evening of
August 28 an order was sent to General Fitz
John Porter to march at daylight toward the
field of battle. That order was delivered by
General Strothers. Many of you are personally
acquainted with him ; he has been a writer for
many years under the nomine de plume of
"Porte Crayon," for Harper's Magazine, a
gentleman of high character. He says :
" August 27. Messengers have been dispatched to
hasten the march of Fitz John Porter, who was be-
hind with his fresh and veteran corps. These troops
are expected to reach us by daylight to replace
Hooker, in case the enemy attack in that direction.
McDowell, with his own and Sigel's command, over
thirty thousand men, are to move from Warrenton
in the morning and fall upon Jackson before Lee
with the main body of the rebel army can support
him. These orders carried out and we will make
Jackson pay dearly for his dinner and night's frolic
at Manassas.
" August 2S. General Porter, who was expected to
be up during the night, did not arrive until 10 a. m.
There is much indignant comment among the staff
officers en this dangerous delay." * * * *
" I was sent back with a message to Generals Porter,
Hooker, and Heintzelman, ordering them to move
their commands on Manassas withoutdelay, I found
Porter at Bristoe and delivered the message.
"August 29.—At three o'clock thi3 morning I was
aroused by Colonel Ruggles in person, to carry writ-
ten orders to General Fitz John Porter, supposed to
be lying at Manassas Junction, or alternately at
Bristoe."
I have these official orders in public docu-
ments, but I read from this pamphlet to save
time:
"Thf combat wehad witnessed last evening was be-
tween King's division of McDowell's corps and a por-
tion of Jackson's command. The fight was sharp and
sanguinary, but without decisive results. Kearny,
having driven out the enemy's rear guard, occupied
Centreville. It was understood that McDowell's
command occupied a pesition which cut Jackson off
from the main body of the rebel army. There will
doubtless be a sanguinary battle to-day. Porter's
orders are to move on Centreville without delay. It
was broad daylight when I reached Porter's head-
quarters at Bristoe. While he coolly read it over
(the dispatch) I noted the time by his watch, which
marked five o'clock and twenty minutes precisely."
*#♦**** *
"Porter, who received the order carried by myself
this morning at sunrise to move on Centreville, and
asecond order at Manassas, turning his course toward
Groveton, has shown no disposition to assist in the
fight at all, but has lain quietly in sight and hearing
of the battle all the afternoon."
I have Porter's statement before me. In
explanation of this he says: "I discovered the
enemy to be in large force in my front, and j
clouds of dust in the direction of Gainesville." !
Now, General Porter says that he has further '
evidence which he desires to submit. So have [
I. Sir, fortunately for the truth of history, we i
now have not only our own but the rebel official
dispatches. General J. E. B. Stuart was upon
our left, their right. This explains this heavy
force and this cloud of dust. In his official
report to the rebel government he says that on
the 29th of August he was on that flank with
his cavalry and found our troops approaching.
" I waited his [our] approach long enough to
ascertain that there was at least an army corps,
[Porter's corps,] at the same time keeping
detachments of cavalry dragging brush down
the road from the direction of Gainesville, so
as to deceive the enemy."
There are the heavy force and the cloud of
dust—General J. E. B. Stuart's cavalry, with
a few horses with brushes tied to their tails,
galloping down from Gainesville ! That was
too much for Porter's nerves; and he lay
there all day and never executed the order at
all, never went into the fight at all, never pulled
a trigger during the day. There were three can-
non shots fired by this cavalry force at his
forces, and I believe one or two in response,
but he lay within a short distance of the field
of battle, under the sound of our guns, with a
peremptory order to go into the fight, and he
never went in at all!
He now says he has evidence that he would
have been cut to pieces if he had gone in.
What if he would? What business was it to
him whether he was cut to pieces or not ? His
duty was to obey orders. But, sir, what are
the true facts in the case ? Again I turn to the
facts; and I shall now read from the engineer-
in-chief of Lee's staff; and, mark you, dates
again become very important.
• " On the morning of the 29th General Lee took
breakfast at a house west of Thoroughfare gap.
Riding forward rapidly they passed Longstreet mov-
ing through the gap, the head of the column somo
short distance on the eastern side. They marched
left in front. Hood's division leading. This division
reached the field and formed on Jackson's right
after sunset on th e 29th "—
This was the leading division of Longstreet's
corps—
" and immediately thereafter became engaged with
a portion of McDowell's command, as before stated.
Other portions of Longstreet's command arrived and
took position during the night. On the morning of the
30th (Saturday) Longstreet's command was all up ex-
cept Anderson's division, which had not yet reached
the field. The absence of this division, and a
feeling of uncertainty as to Porter's forces and in-
tentions, induced General Lee to remain on the
defensive during the afternoon of Saturday. About
one o'clock p. in. Anderson arrived."
And the rebel commander immediately com-
menced his preparations for an aggressive
movement. This was one o'clock on Saturday,
the 30th of August. Now, Mr. President, I
have not gone as fully into this matter as I
desired to do. I should have been pleased to
call attention to Judge Advocate General Holt's
" review of the proceedings in the trial of the
late Major General Fitz John Porter." The
court which tried him was composed of the
following officers:
"MajorGeneralD. Hunter, United States volun-
teers ; Major General E. A. Hitchcock, United States
volunteers ; Brigadier General Rufu3 King, United
States volunteers; Brigadier General B. M. Pren-
tiss, United States volunteers; Brigadier General
James B. Ricketts, United States volunteers; Brig-
: adier General Silas Casey, United States volun-
i teers; Brigadier General James A. Garfield, Uni-
| ted States volunteers; Brigadier General N. Buford,
United States volunteers; Brevet Brigadier Gen-
1 eral W. W. Morris, United States Army; Colonel J.
i Holt, Judge Advocate General United States Army,
judge advocate andrecorder of the court."
j A fairer or a more just tribunal was never
| assembled to try a military commander. This
: tribunal gave Fitz John Porter forty-five days
! for his trial, an unprecedented length of time,
so far as my knowledge goes, in any military
trial. After the- fullest and most complete
j investigation, the Judge Advocate reviews the
! case, and I will only read his final remarks ; I
have not time to do more, for I have occupied
more time than I intended :
"The offenses for which the pleadings and testi-
mony arraign the accused are the very gravest that
a soldier can possibly commit, being neither more
nor less than the willful violation of the orders of
his commanding general in the midst of momentous
and perilous military movements, and the shameful
abandonment of a struggling army, which it was his
solemn duty to support, in the very presence of the
enemy and under the very sound of his artillery.
The court was careful to give to the accused the ben-
efit of all well-founded doubts that arose in their
minds in reference either to the fact of disobedience
or in reference to the measure of criminality that
prompted it, and hence they found him not guilty
of the lourth and fifth specifications of first charge;
and in the same spirit the fourth specification of
second charge was withdrawn. While, however, the
court felt that of crimes such as these no officer
should be convicted but upon the clearest and most
convincing proofs of his guilt, they must also have
felt that the honor of the profession of arms and the
most enduring interests of our common Govern-
ment and country imperatively demanded that there
should be no acquittal when that proof had been
made."
Mr. President, if I had more time I should
like to go more fully into this subject; but I
cannot. The court, after forty-five days spent
in careful investigation, brought in unanimously
the verdict against Porter. Many of the mem-
bers of that court were in favor of sentencing
him to suffer death. It is rumored, and many
believe, that the only reason the death penalty
was notinflicted was the fear that Mr. Lincoln,
whose kindness of heart was so well known,
would not execute the sentence ; and hence,
they unanimously brought in the verdict they
did. It was first carefully examined and re-
viewed by Mr. Holt, the Judge Advocate Gen-
eral ; it was then examined seriatim by the
then Secretary of War, and by the President.
No more just tribunal ever investigated a case,
I presume to assert, than this tribunal, and
there its finding stands.
It may be asked, How came it that a mis-
understanding almost as universal as complete
was suffered to be put upon the country ? Gen-
eral Pope himself says:
"It is as well known to others present as to me
that during that gloomy, eventful Sunday which
succeeded the last battle on Saturday, the 30th of
August, the President and Mr. Stanton were over-
run and overcome with statements that unless Me-
Clellan was restored to command 'the Army would
net fight.'"
These statements came from men who did
not mean it should fight, who could not in the
exigency of the moment be displaced. The
President was able afterwards to relieve Mc-
Clellan and court-martial Porter. Had he
lived he would have seen justice to General
Pope awarded also. It remains for me, while
I live, to do my portion of that duty.
There is one other point to which I wish to
allude. During this very trial, during the very
pendency of the trial, Fitz Johu Porter said in
the presence of my informant, who is a man
that most of you know, and who is to-day in the
employment of Congress, and whose word I
would take as soon as I would most men's—
though I told him I would not use his name,
but I will give his sworn testimony, taken down
within two minutes after the utterance was
made—Fitz John Porter said in his presence,
"I was not true toPope, and there's no use in
denying it."
Mr. President, what was " not true to Pope ?"
If he was not true to Pope, whom was he true
to? Being true to Pope was being true to the
country; "not true to Pope" was being a
traitor to the country. Sir, " not true to Pope "
meant the terrific fight of the 30th of August,
with all the blood and all the horrors of that
bitter day; "not true to Pope" meant the
battle of Antietam, with its thousands of slain
and its other thousands maimed; "not true to
Pope" meant the first battle of Fredericksburg,
with its twenty thousand slain and maimed ;
" not true to Pope " covered the battles of the
Wilderness and Cold Harbor and all the dread-
ful battles that followed. Had Fitz John Porter
been true to his Government, Jackson would
have been destroyed on the 29th of August,
and on the 30th the rebels could scarcely nave
offered any resistance to our victorious army.
"Not true to Pope" meant three hundred
thousand slain, and two thousand millions of
additional dollars expended.
Sir, I wish to put this on the record for all
time, that it may remain. Let Fitz John Por-
ter thank God that he yet lives, and that he
was not living at that time under a military
Government. I told General Pope, in the first
interview I had with him, that I had but one
fault to find in the whole conduct of the cam-
paign. He asked, " What is that ?" Said I,
•'That you ever allowed Fitz John Porter to
leave that battle-field alive 1"
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator desire action on his resolution ?
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
is withdrawn.
