3336
TttE CONGBtiSSlOttAt
May 10,
pass by the untold advantages of such a bu-
reau and the high character and the Honor that
it would give to the people. Let us not leave
it for a future Senate to see the importance of
such an institution.
Let us not pass it by. Most of the mem-
bers of this House are connected with meas-
ures which have saved our country, and this
bureau now comes at the very proper period
of time. It is the sequence, it is the moral
und legal sequence of what has been done,
,Four million slaves have been set free; mil-
lions upon millions of Chinamen, uneducated;
and not speaking otlr language, are coming
to our country; we have started out anew
and fresh upon the broad field of equality and
liberty. So far as the legislation of Congress
is concerned, since 1T7G we have riot been a
democratic or a republican Government. We
have not carried out the prbvisibns of the Con-
stitution to make every State a republiban
government; and we shdll have ihore to do
yet with other States. Massachusetts—I fey
it in the face bf her Senators—must abolish
thtit provision in her coristitutiott which denies
suffra|e td Germans Who land upon American
soil, who have becottie citizen^ thete; but who
cannot rfead and write. Massachusetts toust
abolish that part of hercbnstitntion and laws,
or she must not have Senators ind Repre-
sentatives oh these floor^'. " Ntew York, which
requites a property qualification of $250 for
each negro who votes must abolish that in fa-
mous proscription in hfer,constitution, or she
must not be represented onthese floors. Wha't
is good for the South is better for the North;
and so far as there is tiny anti-republican ele-
ment in our Systems of governrtettt, or in out
free institutions, it must, it will be abolished,
for such is the voice of the American people;
or we go down as a ptirty.
I say, then, as a sequene'e to tlje liberation
of the slave, to the introduction of siich exten-
sive foreign immigration, and aS at the balldt-wfe
decide all questions of government, we itilist
do everything in our ptfwfet fot education. Tell
me not, *' Leave it to the States-." If so, leave
agriculture to the States; leave Commerce to
the States, leave all those questions to the
States. No, sir; while it, is ttdt my desire ot
design to cohsolidate tltis Government; while
I leave every State to do for education 6r for
any other purpose what it tail, I want Si Gov-
ernment, i Want d hatioti, a mighty iiition,
graud in her history ds this hits bfeen; bt±t now
1 want her eye tdrnfed to tHslt future of peace
Wherein God designs that this,chosen people;
if they atfe trite, slifill promote the great, arts
of peace, the interests of agriculture, of com-
merce, ahd especially itrid fundamentally of
education, universal educatibn. The Constitu-
tion of dur country is not safe, our Government
is not safe while there is a single man who can-
not read the ConstitutioH of his country, or
write his protfeSt against oppression ahd mis-
rule.
These are my sentiments. Ahd while I fehdll
not make any rilotion now} because I wish to
speak tin this subject With tnorfe mature Reflec-
tion ; whilfe I would lild td hate the amend-
ment referred to the committee with the un-
derstanding that we &re to have a national
Bureau of Education Which is to occupy a posi-
tioh corresponding with that of the! other De-
parttnents of this Governmeht, prdmir.ent in
every respebt; While I will not offer the mo-
tion for its reference, yet I say that if we are
to vote but $5,400 ifre had better abolish the
bureatl. Why give a than $3,000 as Com-
missioner, and the b&Ulnce bf the siita to two
clerks? Why riot, abolish it? Nb., sir; this
must bfe a Bufeau bf Edueitiori, or wb ifaust
have nothing.
When the foreigrtfer comes to this country to
find otlt hoW mdny educated people we have,
how much ignorance there is, what our sys-
tems of ijducatibn are, what our mddes of
teaching are, what the qualifications of our
teachers artj hb must travel through the State
of Connecticut arid the length arid breidth df
the land to obtaiu accurate information, wheti
here at the center, at the capital, in a national
Department he stiould be able to obtain all
the information; and it should go otlt, not only
to every State in this Union, but to every
country abroad, tli&t the institutions of Amer-
ica were complete, every State had its system,
and that it had its Head at the national capital,
where all information could be obtained.
This is my theory on the Subject, and, sir, t
cannot vote for this amendment. I should
hope that it Would be referred, that the subject
might be longer arid better corisidered.
Mr. SCHUIIZ. Mr. President, I beg par-
don of the Senate for detaining them a single
moment longer on this subject. It is not my
intention to mitke a speech on the general
beauties of education. I think we are all
fairly impregnated with that idea. I merely
desire to make a few observations in reply to
my friend from Connecticut.
It seems to me that lie entertains Some appre-
hensions which are not entirelyju stifled in fact.
He argues that if we maintain a Bureau of
Education here it will to a certain extent cen-
tralize the direction of the,educational interests
of the count'y, and absorb the attention df the
people of the States with relation to that mat-
ter. I think he might jast as well argue that
the establishment of eI bureau of agriculture
would centralize and absorb tlie agricultural
interests of the cbuntry ; and he knows very
well that thit is hbt the case. Certainly in
most of thesfe States we have our own systems
bf education in successful operation ; we have
our schools; we have out superintendents, and
So on. So we have in all the States bur figri;
cultural societies; and tidver&elesS; although
each State may be capable of taking care" of its
own agricultural interests, nobody will deny
that this great center bf informatidir, where
tnbwledge is colledtBd; and front which it radi-
ates, called the bureau bf agriculture, is bf very
great advantage to thfe (Sbuhtry, and is at this
ihoment vei-y highly appreciated by the pedplfe.
I do not think thatj we should establish a
'department of educatibn here and intrust it
With the direction of the* whole eddcationil
machinery of the fcoiintry; but I do indeed
think that we might form here a centet for the
collection of information, not only of statistics,
as haS been suggested, for an intelligent head
of such a bureau might inform himself of the
different methods of education Adopted ihother
countries, for our own rather mechahifc&l Meth-
ods are capable of great improvement; of
the different kinds of School-books existing
in other countries; might put himself in cor-
respondence with the persons in the different
States taking an interest in thd subject of edu-
cation might transmit the information he him^
self has collccted to them, ahd thus stimulate
and feed that interest which we already per-
ceive ndw all bvbr the country 
llr. EDMUNDS.. Different forblgri States
^fciu allude to, as well as domestic.
Mr. SCHURZ: I medn that he might gathfer
iiifornlation frbm foreign States and dissemi-
nate it all river this coiintrv. Iti feb far I be-
lieve that just as the Agrictilthtal Department,
which ndw exists, aha which certainly does
not absorb nbr centrriliZte the direction df the
agrlcuitdrkl interests of the country, has be-
coihe df eriiinetit advantage to the fkrtherS of
the United StateS; arid eminbritly jibpular with
theth, an educational b'urfeau, intelligently con-
ducted, might perforin the satiie ofBce.
Wheti it is said that So far that office' has no't
been very successfully jierformed, that mavbe
true. It may be argued that it has been labor-
ing under very great disadvahtages, that the
metihs at its bommahd Were very itistifficient,
that it was not aided by precedent and expe-
rience, and all that; all df which may be cor-
rect. But we have inadtethe attempt; we have
tried the experiment. The experiment is worth
making, and I do not think that it would be
well to give it up now when we have started
&hew, atid wheti there is a fair prospect of suc-
cess; and in order to securfe that success we
ought to grant to this Educational Bureau at
least those means which are absolutely neces-
sary to render a successful performance df its
task possible.
Mr. CORBET'f. Mr. President, I have been
long of the opinion that the nation should
establish some system of education. In othet
countries we have seen the advantages of such
a system. Our eastern States and the new
Slates hatfe established systems of education
which they saw were for their interest and for
free institutions. Such an interest lias not been
manifested in the States,which were formerly
the slave States. They did not see that it was
for their interest to educate the masses of the
people to that extent that we did in the free
States. We now have abolished slavery, and
to ine it seems that it i,s our ne&t duty to edu-
cate all the people. To make it an object for
the States to educate their people, to show them
the benefits of that education, it is necessary
for us to gather together statistics here that
they maybe distributed throughout the south-
ern States, that they may reap the advantages
of those statistics gathered from the eastern
States and by that nleans establish on similar
foundations their system of education. Many
of those States have not the advantages of the
endowments of land that the new States have
had, such as Iowa and others, who have large
endowments of lands that have been disposed
of at good prices, thereby building up institu-
tions of learning in every portion of those
States of the West.
I should like to see a system established in
the nation whereby every child would be edu-
cated, by which every child below the age of
fifteen would be required to attend school from
the time it is old enough to learn its letters
until it sliall have arrived at that age. I under-
stand that there is a law nd<v existing in the
State of Connecticut whereby manufacturers,
and perhaps others, are not at liberty to em-
ploy any one below the age of fifteen who does
not receive at least three months' education in
the year. Unless they are schooled at least
three months in thte yeat they are not allowed
to be employed in manufacturing establish-
ments. 1 believfe if such a System was uni-
versal throughout our country, throughout
every State in the Union,,and the education
of all the children of the land waS required,
upon that would rest the safety bf ddr institu-
tions. It has ahvSyS seemed to me that the
ignot-ance pervading the slave States among
the masses, hdt Only amcing the tlegfoes, but
many of the whites, had the result of leading
them blindly into a rebellion, for Which they
were not responsible. There were a few lead-
ing minds, those who were educated, that led
those people intb this terrible war. I think
that a system of educatibn should be estab-
lished that will be an honor to our Country.
It seerns to ftie thisartloiint of money is totally
inadequate for the means to be attained.
I certainly should oppose striking but the
suiii fixed by the Hotise of Representatives. I
am opposed to the amendment of the commit-
tee. 1 would rath el* vote $50,000 than to strike
out the Sum proposed in the bill, and give only
$5,00(1 I think $50,000 is not too much to
give in order to collect statistics and place this
bureau upon a firm foundation, and one that
shall be of great interest and great behefit to
the whole country. It certainly would be of
Very great benefit to those States that have not
had the advantages of a system df education.
I trust, therefore, that this ameridment will not
be adopted; and if an amendment is proposed
increasing the amount appropriated to $50,000
I shall vote for it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The questionis
on agreeing to the amendment of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, as amended.
I'he question being put, it was declared that
the ayes appeared to prevail; and a division
was called lor:
