1448
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President,I desire before
that resolution is disposed of to say a word.
■ Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly. I give way.
Mr. WILSON. Before that resolution is
disposed of in any way, I desire to make a
brief statement. -
1 knew Fitz John Porter well at the com-
mencement of the war, and regarded him as
an accomplished and able officer. I knew
many of the men who served under him, and
I knew that he had what was deemed the
best corps in the best army of the country. He
rendered certainly great service to the coun-
try at Hanover Court-House. at Gaines's Mill,
and especially at Malvern Hill. All military
men admit this. I was surprised and grieved
at the charges made against him for his action
in the Pope campaign-, but I wa3 not sur-
prised that the eourt-martial, on the evidence
they had before them, brought him iu guilty;
and on that evidence to-day I do not see how
they eould have done anything else ; and I do
not think the members of the court-martial or
any persons connected with it are liable to be
blamed by the present age or by coming ages.
Their verdict was crushing to General Porter.
Pie felt it, and felt it deeply. He claimed) and
his friends claimed, that he had been harshly
dealt with. Many faithful officers, especially
in my own section of the country, who had
served under him were anxious, after the close
of the war and on the statement that new evi-
dence had been discovered which would ex-
plain his action and perhaps justify it, that
there should be a new trial, or that there should
be in some way a reexamination. I joined with
others, on this statement that there was new
evidence, in asking the President to have Gen-
eral Porter brought before a military commis-
sion or a court-martial, and with all the evi-
dence that was before the previous court-mar-
tial and all the new evidence, to have the mat-
ter reopened and examined. I thought that
if he had been wrongly dealt with, he had ter-
ribly suffered; and I have this feeling, that any
man who ever stood on the battle-field in this
rebellion and periled his life for the country
should at this time and in all coming time be
righted if he had been wronged.
That is the feeling I had toward General
Porter; it is the feeling I have toward every
man who served his country, and if I am sure
any man has been wronged and I can aid in
righting him 1 always mean to do it, whether
he be an officer or a soldier.
Therefore when these statements were made
that new evidence had been discovered which
would change the result, or justify him in any
degree, I felt that his conduct previous to the
action complained of entitled him to justice
at the hands of his countrymen. I joined,
therefore, with some Senators and other per-
sons in asking for the opening of this case. I
understood that General Porter had no desire
to get back into the Army; that what he desired
was to be vindicated; vindicated by facts, not
whitewashed; that neither he nor his friends
desired any whitewashing ; certainly I desired
none. I thought if the matter could be sub-
mitted to military men, whose names would
be an assurance that they would deal as patri-
otic and just men, the decision of the court-
martial would be sustained, if it should be
sustained in view of the facts, and that General
Porter would receive what he should receive
if he was a guilty man; and if not, if new facts
were brought to light, that he would receive
that justice which every man who fought for
his country anywhere in the rebellion should
receive ever and always at the hands of his
country.
Now, sir, for one, in spite of all that has
been saidand all that has been written, I should
be very glad to see this case put before men of
the highest character in the Army, and tried
upon its merits upon the facts, not with the
purpose of conviction or the purpose ofacquittal
or whitewashing, but for the purpose of doing
even and exact justice to a man who held the
position of major general in the Army of the
United States.
I do not, however, press that matter here
now. I suppose nothing can be done about it.
The Senator from Michigan has to-day stated
the case and stated it very strongly against
General Porter. It may be that there are facts
which might be brought to light in his favor
that might modify the judgment of his country-
men and do him more justice. I therefore
leave the subject; I do not press the matter.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to ask the Sen-
ator if he considers the men whose names I
have read unfair and prejudiced men?
Mr. WILSON. I have said that with the
facts before them that court-martial could have
done and should have done nothing else than
what they did. I have the highest opinion of
the gentlemen who composed that court, and do
not suppose that a fairer body of men could be
selected now from the Army of the United
States to try the case ; but if there were new
facts brought to light, even before that very
body itself, they miglit bo induced perhaps by-
those facts to change their verdict or modify
it. I do not know whether this would be so
or not. I have never heard or examined the
facts in this case sufficiently to give an opinion.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have.
election os president pro tempore.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair desires
to state that lie is compelled to be absent from
the city to-morrow, and therefore cannot pre-
side at to-morrow's session.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 believe in the absence of
the Vice President the term of our President
pro tempore will expire, technically, at least;
and with the unanimous consent of the Senate
I suggest that the worthy Senator from Rhode
Island [Mr. Anthony] be appointed to fill the
chair to-morrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not until the vacancy
occurs.
Mr. HAMLIN. It occurs now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Do I understand that
the Chair is about to vacate his seat to-day?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair stated
that he would be absent to-morrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But not to-day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Lately at the
opening of the session each day there are gen-
erally but few Senators present; and that is the
reason the Chair gives this notice to-day.
Mr. HAMLIN. I understand that the Vice
President pro]joses to leave the chair to-day at
an early hour, so that during this day there will
be a vacancy.
The yiCE PRESIDENT. The Vice Pres-
ident will leave now if it will facilitate matters.
The chair having been vacated by the Vice
President, on motion of Mr. Hamlin, Mr.
Anthony was unanimously elected President
pro tempore, and took the chair.
nashville custom-iiotjse.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. To-day has
been set apart for business reported by the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and that is the business
now in order.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to take up
House joint resolution No. 34.
The ^motion was agreed to; and the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 81) to sell or exchange
the site of the custom-house in the city of Nash-
ville, Tennessee, that a more suitable location
may be obtained, was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It is an authority to the
Secretary of the Treasury to sell at public auc-
tion, to the highest and best bidder therefor,
the present site for a custom-house in the city
of Nashville, Tennessee, or to exchange the
same for a new and more eligible site. Out
of the proceeds of the sale or by the exchange
the Secretary of the Treasury is authorized to
purchase or procure a new and more eligible
site for a custom-house in Nashville; but the
cost of the new site is in no event to exceed
the amount of the proceeds from the sale or
exchange of the present site.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
brazos collection district.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. 448.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 448) to change the boundaries of the col-
lection district of Brazos de Santiago, in the
State of Texas, was read the second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
provides that the counties of Starr, Zapata,
and Webb, now forming a part of the collection
district of Corpus Christi, in the State of Texas,
shall be detached therefrom and annexed to the
collection district of Brazos de Santiago and
form a part of the latter district.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
whaling bark hamilton.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move to proceed
to the consideration of House joint resolution
No. 133.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (H. R. No. 133)
for the refunding of hospital money collected
of the whaling bark Hamilton. It provides for
refunding to Zenas L. Adams, managing owner
of the whalingbark Hamilton, of New Bedford,
Massachusetts, the sum of $130 20, for so much
money exacted by A. W. Clark, late United
States consul at Valparaiso, of the master of
the whaling bark Hamilton, for hospital tax,
to which whaling vessels are not liable, the
amount having been covered into the United
States Treasury.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
issue of american registers.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move next to take up
Senate joint resolution No. 98.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (S. R. No. 98) to
authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to issue
an American register to the bark Live Oake.
The Committee on Commerce reported an
amendment to strike out, in line five, the word
"built" after "British.'' and at the end of the
resolution insert "and to the ship Agra, of
Boston, owned by Thomas B. Wales & Co."
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendment was con-
curred in.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like
to ask thechairman of the Committee on Com-
merce to what class these vessels belong.
Mr. CHANDLER. These are exceptional
cases which have once or twice passed the
Senate, and were considered by the Senator
from Maine when he was a member of the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Not foreign-
built, vessels?
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir; not foreign-
built vessels.
The joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, was read the
third time, and passed. Its title was amended
so as to read, " A joint resolution authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to issue an Amer-
ican register to the bark Live Oake and to the
ship Agra, of Boston."
bridge between camden and philadelphia.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to take up Sen-
ate bill No. 302.
The motion was ageed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 302) giving the consent
of the United States to the erection of a bridge
across the Delaware river between Philadel-
phia and Camden.
