5224
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
merit under the present and the last Adminis-
tration, addressed to a committee of this body
of which I have the honor to be a member, and
addressed to me individually, bristling with
facts^ and replete with arguments to show that
this is a measure of mischief, and that only.
Believing that, why should the Senator from
Illinois tails as if I was voting this way, that
■way, or the other way in order to play hide-
and-go-seek, or to set off some advantage
against some other advantage, or in some trip
or twitch game to get some benefit for a par-
ticular locality. Not at all; I am not voting
in that way, and I think the Senator will believe
me when I give him the assurances of it.
One other word. I oppose the bill in its
present form, because I have heard no argu-
ment, not even from the honorable Senator
from Illinois, (and we all know that if a plaus-
ible argument or a convincing argument can
be niflde it can be made by him,) to answer the
suggestion that this proposed legislation is in
the very teeth of the Constitution. The Con-
stitution says you shall not give a preference
or a privilege to the people concerned in the
business of a particular port. This proposition
says we do give, using the very word "priv-
ilege," to the ports of certain States which
we withhold from others ; and I say if there
be an answer to this suggestion that answer
has not been made in my hearing since the
suggestion came from the honorable Senator
from Delaware, It did not originate with me,
although I did not hear him at the moment.
I may bo quite wrong, for one, about this
matter; but inasmuch as we arc all here acting
upon our oaths, with a question put to us as
witnesses when the roll is propounded to us
to answer upon our oaths yes or no, it will not
do to sny to Senators who regard this bill as a
dangerous innovation, as the pioneer of a new
system of smuggling and fraudulent evasions
of the revenue, and who doubt its constitution-
ality—it will not do to answer them by saying
that they come from one part of the country or
another part of the country, and that they are
afraid that some different part will gain or lose
some advantage. That, I submit, is not worthy
of the occasion or of the subject we are con-
sidering.
Mr. WILSON. The Senate divided a few
moments ago, and there was not a quorum
present. I hope this debate will be stopped,
and that we shall now have the yeas and nays
on the question, so that we can determine
whether ..we have a quorum or not.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
has satisfied himself by counting the Senate
that there is a quorum present.
Mr. WILSON. Wo divided the body, and
there was not a quorum then.
Mr. DAVIS. Tiieargumentheremadewould
require that there should be but one port of
entry and delivery in the United States, because
there would probably be loss fraud if there
were but one port instead of a dozen. The
argument derived from the Constitution is
entirely novel to me. I never in the course
of my born days heard such an application of
this coustitutional principle :
"No preference shall be given by any regulation
of commerce or revenue to the ports of one State over
those of another."
What makes the port of New York now a
port of entry and delivery ? Is it not an act
of Congress ? According to the argument used
by the honorable Senator from Vermont and
the honorable Senator from New York, that is
giving the State of New York a preference
over the ports of the other States, and there-
fore, according to their interpretation of this
principle, there would have to be ports of
entry and delivery in every State of the
Union.
This is nonsense, Mr. President; you can-
not with any sense, much less wisdom, estab-
lish ports of entry and delivery in all the States.
You must necessarily establish them where
they are convenient and necessary. The pro-
vision for such establishment does not come
within the spirit of the provision of the Con-
stitution which I have read, at all. The Con-
stitution would beaionsense and impracticable
if it received the interpretation the gentlemen
give. Because a port of entry and delivery is
necessary in one State, to hold that the Con-
stitution requires that a port of entry and
delivery shall be established in every other
State, is a non eequitur. There is nothing in
the argument.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ken-
tucky has answered this suggestion with regard
to constitutionality which I tried to answer
during the evening session, and I think has
answered it satisfactorily. I do not propose to
take up time in regard to it; but, the idea that
because the law makes provision for the entry
of goods at one port on the Atlantic ocean, it
must make the same provision as to every other
port, is at war with the whole history of the legis-
lation of the country, and it would be an im-
practicable application of the Constitution. It
would be to say that because goods are allowed
to be taken to Charleston, they must be taken
to Savannah, and because they are allowed to
be taken to New York, they should be allowed
to be taken to Chicago. Let me put a case to
the Senator from Vermont who urges this twice
over, and let us see if there is anything in his
argument. When we ask for authority to take
goods directly to Chicago, what then ? Chicago
is a port, it is a port of a State. The language of
the Constitution is not " a port of entry," but
it is "aport," a harbor. Chicago is a harbor.
The Constitution says:
"Wo preference shall be given by any regulation
of commerce 01* revenue to the ports of one State over
those of another."
We ask no preference to be given to Chicago
over New York, but are entitled to the same
privileges in Chicago as in New York. May
not goods be taken to Chicago just as well as
taken to New York? Are they obliged to be
taken to the ports of the different States on a
steamboat or on a sailing vessel ? May not
goods start from Asia, may not tea be shipped
from China, be landed in England, reshipped
there, and come to the port of New York?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask my friend from
Illinois if he has not spoken twice in this same
debate? I do hone we shall get a vote.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall be through in a
moment. I have not said anything in refer-
ence to the Savannah amendment before.
Mr. SHERMAN. I make the point on my
friend from Illinois because I agree with him
precisely ; but I hope he will give way and
allow us to have a vote.
Mr. TIIUMBULL. I wanted 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Illinois has spoken but once on this
amendment 
Mr. CONKLING. On this question of order
I do not wish to interfere with the Senator;
but we have a rule. The insertion of Savannah
was moved as an amendment during this even-
ing, since the recess. The Senator from Illi-
nois has certainly addressed the Senate before
on that question ; I replied to him myself, and
therefore there can be no question about that.
I do not wish to interrupt the Senator, but I
only want the point of fact settled as it should
be. The order is that no Senator shall speak
more than once to any amendment. This is
an amendment that the Senator has spoken to
more than once. I am very glad to hear him
and do not want to interrupt him.
The PHESIDENT^ro tempore. The Sen-
ator misapprehends the order. The order is
that debate on House bill No. 2045 ''shall be
confined to debate not exceeding five minutes
by each Senator on the amendment pending
when such debate arises."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have spoken no five
minutes on Savannah.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg the Senator's
pardon.
Mr.MOE.TON. The Senator from Illinois ha;;
spoken on the same question, and the Senator
from New York has two or three times. -
Mr. CONKLING-. Why does the Senator
from Indiana say that? On the amendment
as to Savannah I have spoken but once,^nd
that was in reply to the Senator from Illinois,
after he had occupied his five minutes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not occupy five
minutes, or one minute.
Mr. CONKLING. "On the same amend-
ment," is the rule.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Iam not quite willing
that the remarks of the Senator from Vermont
and of the Senator from New York should go
unanswered. They vote, as we see by their
votes, against this proposition to put the mer-
chants of the interior cities upon an equal foot-
ing with those of the city of New York. They
voted so persistently. Now, when an amend-
ment is moved in reference to one place, we
find the Senator from Vermont voting for it;
and he says if it is good for one place it is good
for another, and thatgoodsshouldbe permitted
to be taken to all the cities where there is a
merchant who imports goods at all.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I beg pardon.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Illinois has spoken five minutes.
The Chair will in the future enforce the order
strictly that no Senator shall speak more than
five minutes on any amendment.
Mr. DRAKE. I will say a few words in
reference to the point made by the Senator
from Vermont and the Senator from New
York. It does not seem to me to have any
sort of application to this ease at all. The
word "port," as used in the Constitution,
must have reference to what was known and
understood in that day, when the Constitution
was made, as being ports, and nothing in the
whole extent of this land was known then as
a port but that which was in connection with
the sea. The technical definition of "a port"
is "a place where ships may ride secure from
storms; an inlet, recess, or cove of water where
vessels may float in safety ; a harbor; a haven."
That is what was known when this Constitu-
tion was formed as a port; and the idea of
there being ports on the inland lakes of this
country or on the inland rivers of this country
was a thing utterly unknowii then, and is a
matter of modern convenience and contrivance.
Therefore, in my judgment, the argument of
the Senator from Vermont and the Senator
from New York has no sort of application here
whatever, so far as it relates to what are called
ports in the interior of the country. No place
in the interior of the country has a port in the
meaning of the Constitution as it was when it
was adopted, and that is Lhe meaning which
binds us, and not the ordinary meaning of our
day.
Mr. WARNER. Is it in order to amend
the amendment by substituting Mobile for
Savannah ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not.
The question is on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Louisiana [Mr. Kellogg] a3 to
Savannah.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to, thee being, on a division—ayes 25,
noes 14.
Mr. Y\ ARNER. As a friend of this bill, I
move to insert Mobile, Alabama.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Alabama to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. IIAMLIN. I want to vote for this amend-
ment. I desire by all proper modes of legisla-
tion to extend all facilities to the inland com-
merce ot the country which are possible and
which shall be in accordance with the safety
ci the revenue. Now, if those Senators who
l.ivor this measure are willing to incorporate
two amendments which I do not think embar-
rass it at all. it shall receive my cordial vote.
The first is 
