1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4281
" In many localities the business would not justify
SU4< n.i «.ln terms in every county.
liie^c officers may be as liable to err in judgment,
or become faithless to duty, as the judges of the State
courts.
, .^°2ffress Power to control and subject to pen-
alties otate omcers who consent to execute national
laws as fully as officers created by national law. It
will not do to withdraw all confidence from all State
omcers merely because some have been recreant to
their trusts. When such recreancy becomes univer-
sal m btate oilicers the only remedy will be to dis-
pense with their existence."
Mr. FINKELNBURG. To that I will sim-
ply add a single remark. 1 do not know but
all these complaints which have been made in
regard to the city of New Yorkare well-founded.
1 have no personal knowledge on the subject.
They may have bad and wicked men there in
office, but I have never yet in the West heard
that the people distrust their State judiciary.
We intrust our lives, our liberties, and our
property to our State judiciary, and I believe
I can say for the West generally we are willing
to_ trust that same judiciary with the execution
of the naturalization laws. I yield now five
minutes to the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr.
Conger.]
Mr. CONGER. Mr. Speaker, what I wish
to say in regard to this bill I shall say in regard
to it as it appears before the House at this time.
There was an attempt made to introduce
amendments to the bill, to change it, to perfect
it, to strike out some obnoxious features; but
the friends of the bill refused to have any amend-
ments made, and what I propose to say shall
be in regard to the bill as it now is.
In the State which I have the honor in part
to represent for thirty-four years, ever since it
has been a State, up to the present time, the
Sfcte constitution has permitted every person
who had declared his intention to be a citizen
of the United States, and had resided in the
United States two years and six months and
in the State of Michigan one year, to exercise
all the rights of the elective franchise. There
are hundreds and thousands of the citizens of
Michigan to-day who have no other right to
citizenship, and many of them perhaps never
will have any other right to citizenship, than
the declaration of their intention to become
citizens under the constitution and the laws of
the State.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I had hoped that this
committee, composed of men who were so
desirous of removing the evils which afflict or
are said to afflict the great cities of the East,
would bring in a proposition here which would
punish the wrongdoers, which would punish
the guilty, which would punish the scheming
politician, the trickster, the fraudulent tempter
of innocent or ignorant men to do wrong. But
instead of that the whole penalty and punish-
ment of this bill falls upon the innocent and
the ignorant. And those who perpetrate the
wrong, those who do the evil, those who wink
at the iniquity, go scot-free iu every section
of this bill.
The gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Finkeln-
bokg] has said so well what 1 desire to say in
regard to the effects of this bill upon almost
all the northwestern and western States that I
need not repeat it here. But I call the atten-
tion of the House to one feature of this bill.
Section thirteen contains provisions which bear
so unjustly upon the old man and the young
man, upon the woman and the maiden, upon
any person wiio may be in possession of nat-
uralization papers supposed to be fraudulent,
that I think if the attention of the House is
called to them this bill must take its down-
ward course and its outward course away from
the vievv of this House and the consideration
ol the country.
Mr. BINGHAM. Willthe gentleman allow
me to inquire whether he supposes there ever
was constitutional power in any State to allow
any man to make a declaration of his inten-
tion to become a citizen of the United States
save by virtue of an act of Congress ; and fur-
ther, whether he means by these suggestions
that it is Dot, competent for the Congress of the
United States to change the conditions upon
which that declaration shall be made?
Mr. CONGER. I have no doubt, Mr.
Speaker, that the venerable gentleman from
Ohio can interpolate speeches into the midst
of mine that will make mine more desirable
and interesting for the country to read. There
can be no question about it. And inasmuch
as the gentleman from Ohio rarely has the
■opportunity of getting the floor, and inasmuch
as I address to the House from day to day fre-
quent passionate appeals and eloquent and
stirring remarks, it is well that my friend
should put in remarks that have no direct refer-
ence to my remarks or to the subject of them.
And what did I say ? I said that under the
laws of the United States of America passed
by Congress, declaring when a declaration of
intention might be filed in court, our people
availed themselves of that authority and de-
clared their intention, and that by the organic
law of Michigan and other States they were
declared to be citizens. I did not have the
presumption to hold or to assert any fact that
would look as if the State prescribed the mode
of declaring intention. 1 knew about that,
ignorant as I am, unassuming as I profess to
be ; 1 did know that there was no such law in
Michigan or any other State.
Now,-Mr. Speaker, 1 return again, with the
permission of my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Bing-
ham,] to the remark which I was about to make
in regard to section thirteen.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman need not
ask my permission.
Mr.'FlNKELNBUIlG resumed the floor.
Mr. WILKINSON. Will the gentleman
permit me a word ?
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I promised to yield
to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. McNebly.]
Mr. WILKINSON. I do not wish to make
a speech, but a motion.
Mr. CONGER. I submit to the Chair that
I had but one minute and a half of my own
time, and I submit that it was not my duty to
preserve order.
The SPEAKER. Did the gentleman object
to the interruption of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Bingham?]
Mr. CONGER. Yes, sir; I did object.
Mr. BINGHAM. He yielded to me, and he
has no right to object to it now.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would have
protected the gentleman in his right to the floor
if he had known that he objected to the inter-
ruption. Is there objection to the gentleman
from Michigan being allowed to proceed with
his remarks?
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, sir; I have objec-
tion after this perfoimance. [Laughter.] He
yielded to me and he cannot make an issue of
veracity with me about it. The record will
show that the gentleman yielded.
Mr. CONGER. 'The gentleman proposed to
ask me a question, but he has made a speech.
The SPEAKER. It is always the habit of
the Chair not to allow a gentleman occupying
the floor to be interrupted if he objects to inter-
ruption.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 did nothing but ask a
question, whatever the gentleman may say
about it; and his remark is impertinent.
Mr. CONGER. It does not become me to
enter into collision with a gentleman who ranks
the highest of any one on this floor for elo-
quence.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to all this.
Mr. CONGER. It will add nothing to his
laurels to make an attack upon me.
Mr. BINGHAM. I say I object to all this.
Mr. CONGER. I desire to continue my
remarks for two minutes.
The SPEAKER, If the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Finkklkuuuu] yields, the Chair
will have great pleasuie in recognizing the gen-
tleman's light, lu the floor.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I will give him two
minutes.
Mr. CONGER. The point I wish to make
i-n regard to section thirteen is-this: that that
section provides that upon affidavit of any cred-
ible person that another person has in bis pos-
session what purports to be a 'naturalisation
paper and informing the district attorney of
that fact, the district attorney shall cite that per-
son man, woman, or child, old man, or minor
—to appear before the district court; and this
section requires him then to show cause and to
give reasons why it shall not be presumed that
that paper is fraudulent, and it requires such
person to be sworn and questioned under oath
to show that the paper is not fraudulent, throw-
ing the burden of proof on that person; and if
lie refuses to be sworn, or if he is unable to tes-
tify, the court may commit him for contempt,
and, by the provisions of section thirteen, may
imprison him until he will swear to something.
A section more against public policy and moral-
ity than that is, I venture to say, was never
incorporated into the laws of any land. That
of itself, to ray mind, is enough to condemn
this bill forever, were it not that there are
other sections of this bill which, in my judg-
ment, are unworthy of adoption by this Con-
gress.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I now yield to the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. McNeely.J
Mr. McNEELY. The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Davis] who has charge of
this bill, has consented that I shall offer an
amendment. I therefore move to amend the
first section, iu line seven of the printed bill,
by striking out "three years" and inserting
"one year," as the time which must elapse after
an alien has become a resident of the United
States before he can apply for his naturaliza-
tion papers and become a citizen. This is all
the amendment which we can get the gentle-
man from New York to allow us to offer to
the bill. It is the amendment which I under-
stand the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Eldridge] offered in the Committee on the
Judiciary.
I also desired to offer other amendments to
this bill, by which we could have stricken out
those portions which require aliens to wait for
six months after the adjudication upon his
application before they can become citizens
of this country. In other words, I would,
if I were permitted, strike out the "purgatory
clauses," as they have been so aptly termed.
For my part I would go further than that. I
fully and heartily indorse the able speech of the
gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldridge,]
and especially that portion ol it which repudi-
ates forever the idea of requiring an alien to
live here for six months, or any other length
of time, in a state of probation, before he can
become a citizen. I hold that when an alien
comes to this country, and in an open court of
record solemnly renounces his allegiance to
his native land, and takes an oath to support
the Constitution of the United States, and
assumes the duties and responsibilities of
citizenship, from that moment he should bo
regarded as a citizen of this country.
The first naturalization law was passed in
1790, and approved by Washington, by which
a white alien coming to this country could
become a citizen after two years' residence
without making any prior application therefor.
There was then a doubt in the minds of the
people of Europe a3 to whether republican
institutions could be successfully maintained
under the form of a constitutional government
such as our fathers had established.
Only two years residence was required by
this law of 1790 iu orderto enable aheascom-
ing to this country to become sufficiently ac-
quainted with our institutions. Then there
was little communication between the mass
of the people of America and Europe by let-
ters and newspapers as to the genius of our
institutions. We were trying an experiment.
All Europe was prejudiced against us. \\ e
have now reached a permanent position. i\e
enjoy the confidence and good wilt of the white
