1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5225
Mr. DAVIS. If the honorable Senator will
allow me, 1 move to reconsider the vote by
which Savannah was added, with the under-
standing that the friends of the measure sub-
mit to no other amendments, because the
amendments only endanger it.
Mr. HAMLIN. I would be glad to see the
bill amended as I shall propose, because I think
it is no impediment to it in any way, and it will
be a very great safety to the revenue. I pro-
pose to add after the word "consignee," in
the twenty-third line of the first section, the
words "and such examination of the goods
and merchandise as will satisfy the customs
officers that the same correspond with the
manifest and invoice." I hold that it does
not occasion one hour's delay; it does not
require a single package or parcel to be trans-
ported from the ship to the warehouse; but
it requires an examination, and every particle
of that examination can be made while the
teams under the collector are transporting the
packages from the ship to the mode of convey-
ance, whether it be railroad or other. That is
what I believe.
Then I would add to that section this other
amendment:
That goods and merchandiseimportcd to any of
the ports of entry named in this bill, and designed
for an inland port, the collector of said port shall
give priority in time to the examination of said
goods and merchandise, for the purpose of forward-
ing the same to tiicir port of destination.
Giving these goods priority of time in exam-
ination. It is an examination which caft be
made without transferring them to the ap-
praisers' office, and will not cause delay; but
it is a cheek to know that the cases which go
on correspond with the invoice and manifest.
With these two amendments I can vote for
the proposition cheerfully.
Mr. SAWYER. Allow me to make a sug-
gestion to the Senator from Maine. He uses
the words " inland ports." Might there not a
question arise whether that applied to all the
ports which are specified in section seven?
Would it not be better to say "at any other
port than the port of entry?" The term
''inland port," if used, would certainly cut
out ports on the coast.
Mr. DAVIS. I will now make my motion
for the reconsideration of the vote inserting
Savannah.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The vote
will be taken on the reconsideration if there
be no objection. The Senator from Kentucky
moves to reconsider the vote by which Savan-
nah was added to the places mentioned in the
seventh section.
The question being put, a division was called
for ; and the ajes were 19 and the noes 20.
Mr. HAMLIN. Now I submit my amend-
ment, to come in after the word " consignee."
Mr. DAYIS. I call for the yeas and nays
on nay motion to reconsider.
Several Senators. It is too late.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope we shall have
the yeas and nays, because it is apparent that
if this bill is to be loaded down with all these
little villages the measure will be a failure.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I raise the point of order
that the Senator has raised on me within a
a day or two. The Chair has stated that he
has exhausted his time, and the Senate has
ruled that debate on a motion to reconsider an
amendment is the same thing as debate on an
amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The yeas
and nays are called lor on the motion to
reconsider the vote inserting Savannah.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORTON. Why not give one port to
Georgia? One has been given to Alabama—
Mobile, has it not?
Mr. SHERMAN. That was voted down.
Mr. WARNER. No; it was adopted.
Mr. MORTON. I understand the question
is on reconsidering the vote putting Satannati
into the bill. I think there is a propriety in
giving to the only considerable port that Geor-
gia has on the Atlantic coast this privilege.
It has been given to the sister State of Ala-
bama. Why not give it to Georgia ? She has
no Senator here to speak for her. I will not
say whose fault it is that she has not; but I
will speak for her here to-night. I think that
the port of Savannah ought to have this right
as well as the port of Mobile and other ports.
Mr. KELLOGG. If the Senator from In-
diana will permit me, I desire to suggest, in
addition to what he has said, that the port of
Savannah imports more goods than any other
port, save New Orleans, on the whole coast
from Norfolk to Galveston.
Mr. SAWYER. Of course it is for the
interest of the State of South Carolina that
the city of Charleston should be favored in
this matter and that the city of Savannah should
not. But the city of Savannah sends out more
exports than any other city south of Mason and
Dixon's line except New Orleans, and would
import a large quantity of foreign goods if this
bill should prevail. She has 110 direct line of
European steamers or she would import largely
now. If this bill should prevail, and she should
have the privilege of importing through New
York in the same way that it is proposed here
to give it to the town of Evansville, in the State
of Indiana, and Milwaukee, in the State of Wis-
consin, and Cleveland, in the State of Ohio, it
would import a great deal larger quantity of
goods than any one of those towns; and I think
if Senators from Georgia were on this floor they
would deem it a very hard thing that the city
of Savannah, the capital city of that State,
should not be included in this list.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on reconsidering the vote by which
Savannah was added to the cities named in
the seventh section, on which the yeas and
navs have been ordered.
Mr. DAVIS. If the call of the yeas and
nays is on my motion, I withdraw it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The call
for the yeas and nays has been ordeied; it
can be withdrawn only by unanimous consent.
Is there objection ? The Chair hears no objec-
tion, and the call for the yeas and nays is with-
drawn. The motion to reconsider is rejected.
Mr. STOCKTON. I rise to offer an amend-
ment.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is an amendment
pending.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is a
pendingamendment of the Senator from Maine,
[Mr. Hamlin,] in section one, line eighteen,
after the word " to " to insert:
And sucli an examination of the goods and mer-
chandise shall be made as will satisfy the custom-
house officers that the same correspond with the
manifest and invuicc.
Mr. HAMLIN. If that amendment shall
be adopted I shall then propose this one:
Goods and merchandiseimpovted to any port of
entry and. designed for an inland port, the eollcctor
of said port shall give priority in time to the exam-
ination of said Goods and merchandise for the pur-
pose of forwarding the same to their port of destina-
tion, and said examination shall not necessitate the
transportation of said goods and merchandise to the
warehouses or appraiser's office.
Mr. SCHURZ. Let me suggest to the Sen-
ator from Maine that the last sentence belongs
j to this amendment, it appears to me, not to
■ ' the other.
ii Mr. HAMLIN. I thought so at first ■ but
| if the Senator will look at the test ot the bill
he will find that the second amendment will
come ill better after the word "consignee,"
and the first amendment after the word " to,'
in the eighteenth line. The section will rend
i; much better then.
!i The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I he ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator Irom
Maine.
Mr. IIAMLIN. Let the bill be read as it
would stand if the amendments are agreed to
'j as 1 have written them.
':! The Chief Clerk read as follows:
■ i The entry having been compared with the invoice
il and duty sworn to, and such an examination ot tiie
goods and merchandise shall be made as shall satisfy
the custom-house officers that the same corresponds
with the manifest and invoice, and the duties esti-
mated on the value and quantity of the invoice, and
on the execution of a bond as hereinafter provided,
the collector shall deliver the same to be immedi-
ately transported to sucli port of destination at tho
sole cost and risk of such owner, agent, or con-
signee. Goods or merchandise imported to any port
of entry and destined for an inland port, the col-
lector of said portshall give priority in time to tho
examination of said goods and merchandise for the
purp9se of lonrarding the same to their port of des-
tination, and said examination shall not necessitate
-the transportation of said goods or merchandise to
the warehouso or appraiser's office. And such mer-
chandise, &c.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator desire the question taken ou the two
amendments together.
Mr. HAMLIN. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I regret exceedingly
that the Senator from Maine should insist on
these amendments, because I think they will be
very embarrassing ; but as there do not seem
to be friends enough to pass the bill, we shall
have to take the best we can get, and I think
it will be bettor to have the bill with the Sen-
ator's amendments than nothing. That will
facilitate somewhat, I should hope, the trans-
portation of goods to the inland cities; and
therefore I am notgoingto object to the amend-
ments, as I am satisfied the Senator from
'Maine in good faith is trying to perfect the bill,
although 1 am afraid in the shape the bill is
assuming that it will work badly. I regret
exceedingly that this great number of small
places have been added. It certainly does mul-
tiply very greatly Ihe danger, if there be any-
thing in the danger of fraud, if the allegations
of the Senator from New York and the Sen-
ators from Vermont are of any value whatever.
If the only objection they have to putting mer-
chants in the interior cities upon the same
footing as merchants in New York be that they
apprehend danger of fraud to the revenue, it
these statements are sincere, as I suppose them
to be, then of course that danger is increased
by multiplying the number of routes over which
these goods are to be transported so as to carry
them to every little place in the country. Al-
though that is tho case, and they tell us that
they have no prejudice at all against western
cities or western merchants, and that t.hey want
to place them upon an equal footing with others,
if it can be done without danger to the revenues,
yet we find them persistently voting to put in
every place that is named.
I always desire to act practically and to get
the best 1 can. If we can get the bill even in
the shape proposed by the Senator from Maine,
I would rather have it than have nothing; and
as there seems to be a majority of the Senate
indisposed to take the bill without putting upon
it all these places, aud the Senator from Maine
isnotsatisfied that thebill can be safely adopted
without his amendments, I hope the Senate will
take his amendments aud give the bill in that
1 shaoe, if we can do no better.
! Mr. EDMUNDS. I am very glad that the
Senator from Illinois has kindly condescended
to yield -to the will of the majority of this body,
it is more than lie usually does tor us, and we
ought to be thankful. He says we contend that
there is great danger in this bill, and still keep
voting to put ou small places. 1 might say in
reply to him that it is very extraordinary when
ho says there is no danger that he should insist
that one great monopoly, a line from New
York to Chicago, for instance, and one great
city, should enjoy this benefit to the exclusion
of every other. If there is selfishness any-
where. as of course there is not. then I think it
is not far from the head of Lake Michigan.
Now, let me tell my friend, as to great places
and small, that the time wasnotlong ago when
Chicago was a small place, and when its hon-
ored Representative was a small boy ; ^ and
they have both grown up to greatness. That
is no objection to small places.
•I This question is of equality. Ifitissafeto
'■! introduce goods iiitcthe interior of thecountry
i| without payment of duties and without inspec-
