1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1449
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
SCHOONER MIAMI.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move to take up
the joint resolution (S. R. No. 100) to author-
ize the Secretary of the Treasury to issue an
American register to the schooner Miami.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution, which is a direc-
tion to the Secretary of the Treasury to issue
an American register to the schooner Miami,
wrecked and abandoned upon the Florida reefs
in the year 18C8, and supposed to be a foreign
vessel.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
SAFETY OF STEAMBOAT PASSENGERS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move to take up
Senate bill No. 4G.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 46) to provide for the
better security of the lives of passengers on
board of vessels propelled by steam. It pro-
vides that every steatn vessel of over one hun-
dred tons, engaged or employed in carrying
passengers or freight, shall be provided in its
equipment, for the purpose of exhausting water
from the hold of such vessel in case of leak,
or otherwise, with double- acting pumps, centrif-
ugal pumps, or double-suction steam siphons,
in either case to be operated by steam, and in-
dependent of the machinery of the vessel in
case such machinery should become disabled.
These pumps or siphons are to be constructed
of suitable material and properly attached to
the vessel, and to be of sufficient capacity to
employ at least one fourth of the steam power
of the boilers of the steam vessels.
The committee reported the bill with an
amendment in line three to strike out " one "
and insert " twoso as to read, " that every
steam vessel of over two hundred tons," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. NYE. I move to amend the bill by
adding the following as an additional section •
Sf.c. 2. And be it further enacted. That the owner,
agent, or master of every vessel engaged or employed
in carrying passengers shall be provided (in addition
to the life-boats required by existing laws) with life-
boats, cork life-preservers, or life-saving mattresses,
each provided with bread and water tanks on the
reverse sides, to iQsure safety to the lives of all the
passengers, officers, and crew at any time carried on
board such vessel. And theinspectors shall author-
ize the substitution for a portion of the life-boats
now required of life-rafts, cork life-preservers, or
cork life-saving mattresses, provided with bread
and water compartments on the reverse sides, or
other contrivances to insure safety to all the passen-
gers and crew, which shall be equivalent for the life-
boats for which they shall bo substituted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to ask the
chairman of the committee who has this bill
in charge whether this refers to steamers upon
rivers?
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir.
Mr. RAMSEY. Then it relates only to
ocean steamers.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
EZRA CARTER, JR.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. 420.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 420) to authorize the accounting officers
of the Treasury to adjust the accounts of Ezra
Carter, jr., late collector of customs at Port-
wild, Maine, was read the second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
is a direction to the proper accounting officers
Deduct error in bringing into abstract amount
of voucher No. 24, $13 24 instead of $13 34...
10
$875 90
_ Treasury Department,
Register's Office, December 14,18G7.
I hereby certify the foregoing to bo true copies of
the originals on file in this office.
N. S. JEFFRIES.
Acting liegister.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This case was
before the Committee on Commerce when I
of the Treasury Department to settle and
adjust the accounts of Ezra Carter, jr., late
collector of customs at Portland, Maine, in
which the vouchers have been destroyed by
fire, upon equitable principles, and allow such
credits as shall seem just and reasonable from
the best evidence the nature of the case will
admit. The sum so allowed is not to exceed
$895 90, by reason of the loss and destruction
of his vouchers. j
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is there a report in that ;
case? j
Mr. CHANDLER. There is a report in that i
case. The bill has twice passed the Senate ;
before, and has been reported several times. !
Mr. TRUMBULL. It struck me from the
reading of the bill that it is purely a private
claim that ought to have come from the Com- j
mittee on Claims. |
Mr. CHANDLER. It is a case of equity, j
Mr. TRUMBULL. But was it not appro- !
priate for the Committee on Claims?
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senate thought not. '
Tha Committee on Commerce thought not. 1
The Senate has twice passed the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is the report long?
Mr. CHANDLER. No; it is short. Let
the Secretary read it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is advised that there is no formal report of the
committee. There are some papers, including
a communication from the Secretary of the :
Treasury. j
\ Mr. CHANDLER. It is the fault of the
committee clerk in not sending down the report.
I There was a report of the Secretary of the
Treasury.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is '
a letter from the Treasury Department among
the papers. j
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let it be read. j
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Treasury Department,
First Additor's Office, August 23,1858. !
I hereby certify that I have examined and adjusted
an account between the United States and Ezra
Carter, jr., disbursing agent for annual repairs of [
custom-house at Portland, Maine, and find that ho j
is chargeable to balance of his account per report
No. 130,995  |965 90
&9G5 90
I also find that he is entitled to credit by amount
of his disbursements from—
By warrant No. 30 in favor of the Treasurer, dated
13th July, 1858  $90 00
And that the balance due the United States
amounts to  875 90
$985 90
As appears from the statement and vouchers here-
with transmitted for the decision of the Commissioner
of Customs thereon. D. W. MAHON,
Acting First Auditor.
To the Commissioner of Customs.
Office of toe Commissioner of Customs.
I admitand certify thcabovebalancethis30thday
of August, 1858. SAML. INGHAM,
Commissioner of Customs.
To the Register of the Treasury.
The balance due the United States per the above
statement, he making no balance to his account
ending March 8,1858, is 8875 90
Which arises as follows:
Amount charged by him in account dated March
8, 1858, as paid E. Russell, voucher No.13, for eight
hundred and thirty-eight feet of lumber, at four
cents, $34 52 instead of 833 52  $1 00
Lumber charged by him in same account as
amount of " sundry bills paid as per state-
ment per authority," no vouchers or state-
ment other than letter of March 8, 1858,
which does not support the charge  875 00
876 00
was a member of it. It was a question whether
we should not receive secondary evidence in
lieu of the proper vouchers, which are alleged
to have been lost in the late fire at Portland.
This is the account of a former collector at
that port. He is a man of high character.
There is no suspicion about the balance or
against his accounts in any way, but the reg
ular vouchers cannot be produced. Secondary
evidence was offered at the Treasury, but the
accounting officers of the Treasury did not
feel at liberty to pass upon it; and hence it
was that an appeal was made to Congress to
authorize them to consider such secondary
evidence as would be satisfactory and serve
the ends of justice in the case. 1 understand
that to be the state of facts on which the bill
is authorized; and if I remember aright—I
have not heard this bill read—it provides that
the accounting officers may receive such sec-
ondary evidence as satisfies them of the loss
of the evidence which they would be author-
ized to consider otherwise, and as satisfies
them of the justice of the claim.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It struck me that the
bill, as I heard it read, was giving a very
great discretion to the Secretary to settle this
account, allowing the Secretary to settle the
account of an officer on the principles of equity
and justice. It throws the whole matter open
to him, and there is no limitation upon it. I
understand now that the difficulty in theset.tle-
, ment of this officer's accounts grows out of the
; destruction by fire of a public building, which
I consumed his vouchers. That might present
a very proper case for relief by Congress, and
although there is no report, I understand the
, Senator from Michigan to say that the same
bill has twice passed the Senate, and I suppose
it must have been explained satisfactorily at
the time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I remember it
has been passed certainly once before by the
Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There does not seem at
least to be at hand a report that states the case
very clearly. However, I shall not object to
it; it is a small matter.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The "vouchers
have been destroyed by fire," and the Comp-
troller is to " allow such credits as shall seem
just and reasonable from the best evidence the
nature of the case will admit." That was my
impression about it, that it was to allow the
Treasury to consider secondary evidence.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
MARINE HOSPITAL SERVICE.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move now to proceed
to the consideration of Senate bill No. 489.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 489) to reorganize the
marine hospital service, and to provide for the
relief of sick and disabled seamen.
The first section provides that from and after
the — day of , 18—, there shall be assessed
and collected by the collectors of customs at
the ports of the United States from the mas-
ters or owners of every vessel of the United
States arriving from a foreign port, or of regis-
tered vessels employed in the coasting trade,
the sum of two cents per day for each and every
seaman who shall have been employed on the
vessel since she was last entered at any port of
the United States, which sum the master or
owner is authorized to collect and retain from
the wages of the employes.
By the second section it is provided that from
and after the 1st day of no collector shall
grant to any vessel whose enrollment or license
for carrying on the coasting trade has expired
a new enrollment or license unless the master
shall have first rendered a true account to the
collector of the number of seamen and the time
they have been employed on such vessel during
the continuance of the license which has so
