2394
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
ous. It embraces, as I suppose, the whole
of the disloyalists of that State. They will
insist upon holding an election in November
next. Suppose tie present Legislature of
Georgia shall exercise the power granted it
under the clause of the constitution of that
State which I have read, and change the time
of the election from NovembernexttoNovem-
ber two years ahead of that date ; and suppose
that the present Legislature of Georgia, having
passed such an act changing the time of the
election, and thus postponing it, should pro-
ceed to act as a Legislature for that State and
hit during the fall of 1870, or sitaslong as they
pleased, and enact various laws; and suppose
that in November next at the time of the elec-
tion the party which holds that there should
under the State constitution be an election
dunug that month proceed to hold an election,
choose a new Legislature; and suppose that
that Legislature shall assemble and proceed to
the enactment of laws and to the performance
of all the other duties ordinarily pertainiug to a
legislative body : here you have two Legisla-
tures in session at the same time in the State
of Georgia, one for convenience sake known
as the Bullock Legislature, and the other known
as the disloyal or rebel Legislature, chosen on
the day on which, as they suppose, they have
a right to hold an election. A collision be-
tween these two legislative bodies would be
inevitable. It would be sure to result in vio-
lence, in bloodshed ; and in that case it would
devolve upon the President of the United
States, under the authority given him by the
act of 171)5, if that be the date of the act, to
decide which of those two governments in
the State was the real, genuine, constitutional
government of Georgia; and it would be his
duly to issue his proclamation, and if his
proclamation were not obeyed it would be his
duty to decide for Georgia and the United
States this great question by force of arms
within that State. Do Senators wish to cast
upon the President of the United States so
grave and serious a responsibility as this?
And still that it will accrue is as certain as that
Congress omits to enact the proper legislation
on the subject.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I did not
expect this morning to take any part in this
debate; but after hearing what has been said
I think I cannot do better than submit some
remarks for the consideration of the Senate ;
and first upon the amendment offered by tho
Senator from Massachusetts, who I regret is
not in his seat, fori am desirous that he should
hear what 1 have to say upon that amendment.
That amendment proposes to declare that the
present Legislature of Georgia shall bold otlice
until November, 1872. The Senator admits
that it was elected for a term that would expire
in November, 1870, and he further admits that
under the constitution of Georgia it has no right
whatever to prolong its existence.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President 
Mr. THURMAN. I am speaking of tho Sen-
ator from Massachusetts and his proposition.
Mr. HOWARD. Oh! I was about to say.
that I had taken no such position.
Mr. THURMAN. It follows then inevita-
bly, if the Senator from Massachusetts is right,
that the Legislature, if prolonged until 1872,
as he proposes, will have its term extended
simply by act of Congress, that its term will
have no foundation in the constitution of Geor-
gia; that it will derive no title to hold its of-
lice under the constitution of Georgia; that its
sole right to make laws binding the people of
Georgia will be an act of the Congress of the
United States; and that, too, after Georgia
shall have been fully restored to her relations
with the Union.
Now, I put it to the Senator from Massa-
chusetts where does he find any such authority
as that? Where does he find,first in the Con-
stitution of the United States, any authority
for Congress to declare what shall be the term
of a State Legislature? Or next, if he goes to
what seems to be in this Chamber fur higher
and more sacred, than the Constitution of the
United States, the much-lauded reconstruction
acts, where does he iind in any one of them
the idea that after the relations of a State to
the Union are fully restored by the admission
of her Senators and Representatives in Con-
gress, then Congress can intermeddle with her
local affairs and prescribe tho term of her
Legislature, nay, extend the term of the Legis-
lature two years beyond that for which it was
elected ? Sir, your reconstruction acts, bad as
they aro in principle, bad as they have been in
their effects, never went so far as that. 1 ask
any Senator who believes that I am in error to
point out one lino of the reconstruction acts
which asserts the power of Congress to extend
the duration of the term of office in any State
after that State has been fully restored to her
relations with tho Union.,
There has been nothing of the kind. On
the contrary, it has been admitted again and
again by the Senator from Michigan who has
.just taken his seat, and it has been admitted
by him in the remarks he has just submitted
to the Senate, that tho moment the State is
restored to her relations to the Union that
moment she stands on an equal footing with
every other State in the Republic. That,
then, is the first difficulty with the proposition
of tho Senator from Massachusetts. But the
Senator from Michigan seeing that difficulty,
and searching around for something upon which
to base tho proposition of tho Senator from
Massachusetts, thinks he has found it in the
eleventh section of the eleventh article of the
constitution of tho State of Georgia itself.
That section reads as follows :
"Should this i-onsli tut ion be ratified by the people,
and Couuress accent the s:i mo with any qualifications
or conditions, tho government heremattor provided
tor :uut the officers oleoiod shall nevertheless exist
iind continue in tho exercise of thoir several func-
tions sis tho government of this State, so far as tho
samo may bo consistent with tho notion of the United
States in tho premises."
The Senator from Michigan places this most
extraordinary construction upon this section:
that it was intended to authorize Congress to
change tho constitution of tho State; nay, not
only to change it, but to change it in its most
radical feature, in its most important feature—
to change it as respects the life of the legisla-
tive power of the State. Under this section he
claims that Congress might prescribe that this
Legislature, clccted according to the constitu-
tion for two years, shall hold officc for fourycars.
If Congress can do that, Congress might pre-
scribe that it shall hold office for forty years or
for life, and that the Governor and al 1 other offi-
cers may hold office for life. Is it the meaning
of that section that Congress should make a
constitution for the State of Georgia ? Was it
intended by this section, which speaks of Con-
gress accepting the constitution with qualifica-
tions or conditions, to say that Congress might
make a new constitution out and out; might
make tho term of office of the General Assem-
bly four years instead of two years, or ten years
instead of two years, or twenty years instead of
two years; that the Governor's term might be
extended for life ; that the judiciary might be
elected or appointed in some other way than that
provided by this constitution ? Was that tho
meaningofit? No,sir; nothing ofthe kind was
the meaning of it; but, on the contrary, the
meaning of itis plain enough. In the condition
in which Georgia then was, when Congress was
reconstructing and reconstructing and recon-
structing again, not knowing what qualification,
what limitation might be put upon it, and which
might therefore require the assent perhaps of
the people of Georgia, and would require their
assent in order to become valid, this constitu-
tion simply provides that in such a case as that,
in case it became necessary, in case such qual-
ifications were made which must be submitted
perhaps to the people of Georgia, or the con
vention ofthe people of Georgia, or some body
of Georgia authorized to act, the government
thus instituted should continue in office until
its successors were elected and qualified. That
is the whole of it. There is not a word in it
that justifies the argument of the Senator from
Michigan that Congress, forsooth, under this,
power can take the constitution of the State
of Georgia in hand and mold and shape and
frame and alter that constitution as we in
our Sovereign will may see fit to do. There is
nothing whatsoever of that sort in it. That'
would bo for Congress to make the constitution
of the State, instead of for Congress to simply
pass upon the question, and the only question
that Congress has any right to pass upon,
whether this constitution is republican inform.
But, sir, I go further than that. If the con-
vention of Georgia had seen fit in ever so ex-
press words to attempt to devolve upon Con-
gress auy such power as that, if it had seen fit
to perform that act of self-abnegation, to lay
down its own high power to frame a constitu-
tion for that State and devolve that power
upon Congress, its act would be absolutely
void and of no effect, for Congress has no
power whatsoever by any such assent of a
State to make a constitution for a State. Con-
gress has no power except such as is expressly
given to it by the Constitution of the United
States, or such implied powers as necessarily
result from those that are expressed. This
was a doctrine so familiar once that a man
would have been considered as uttering a tru-
ism who uttered it in the Senate ofthe United
States. Much as it may have fallen into dis-
repute it is the Constitution of your country yet.
You have no power except such as the Con-
stitution of the United States gives you, and
nowhere in that Constitution, neither expressly
nor impliedly, have you any power whatsoever
to alter the constitution of a State. You may
reject her constitution when she applies for
admission if it be not republican in form. If
she alters her constitution after it has been
established, and makes it a monarchical or an
aristocratical constitution, a constitution not
republican in form, then your power to guar-
anty a republican form of government comes
into play, and you may do what is necessary to
correct the evil. But to say that Congress, by
any assent of a State, by any attempted devolu-
tion of power by a State convention, can take
a constitution, confessedly republican inform,
into its hands, and go to work to mold and
change and .alter it and frame it to suit the
will of Congress instead of the will of the peo-
ple of that State, is what I say cannot be done
under this Government. Therefore, if this
clause of tho constitution of Georgia meant
what the Senator from Michigan supposes it,
mosterroneously I deferentially submit to him,
to mean it was beyond the potverof that Geor-
gia convention to surrender that authority to
Congress; it was beyond its power to devolve
it upon Congress; and it is not within the
power of Congress to accept the grant thus
tendered to it. So much for that.
The proposition of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, therefore, is simply this: Georgia, if
this bill pass, is to be restored to her rela-,
tions; her Senators are to come upon this
lloor; her Representatives are to take their
seats in the House of Representatives ; she is
then, according to your reconstruction laws, to
bo fully in the Union once more, and according
to the oft-affirmed and true doctrine of the Sen-
ator from Michigan she will then stand upon
an equal footing with any other State in the
Union ; and in respect to that State, thus as
fully in the Union as Massachusetts herself,
having ail the rights that Massachusetts herself
has, the Senator from Massachusetts proposes
that Congress shall intervene and extend the
term of her Legislature two years longer than
that for which it was elected by tho people.
Mr. President, there are some things that a
lawyer cannot argue against with very good
temper. I have always found that when there
was a really difficult question the most irasci-
ble lawyer could keep his temper in the argu-
