138
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15,
undoubted .soundness as a Republican it is
unnecessary that I should say a word. Equally
obvious is it that Mr. Maynabd should have
been acceptable to both wings. Yet the prop-
osition of Judge Lewis was indignantly spurned
by the Stokes men present.
The convention thus breaking up- in a row,
the friends of the. rival candidates put forward
the names of their chosen leaders and.rallied
to their support. Both were Republicans;
both claimed to stand upon the platform of the
national Republican party. The supporters of
Senter declared their adherence to the Chicago
platform. Among the supporters of Senter
before and at the convention, during the can-
vass and at the polls, were a majority of the
delegates to the Chicago«onvention, andalso of
the Tennesssee presidential electors. Governor
Senter in accepting the nomination, and-in an
address published soon after his nomination,
and during the entire canvass, declared.his full
support of the Chicago platform, and especially
of the fifteenth amendment, and in Tennessee
of the non-proscription of immigrants, the
common-school system, and universal suffrage.
As then both those gentlemen, Senter and
Stokes, were unquestionably Republicans, the
Republican masses of Tennessee conceived
they had an indisputable right to support the
one or the other of them without disparage-
ment of their party fealty.
Thousands of them, including myself, exer-
cised that right and supported Senter during
the canvass and at- the polls. But there were
other and special reasons why my preference
should be given for Senter.
Like myself Governor Senter was for months
an inmate of a rebel prison on account of his
loyalty and his Union sentiments. During the
whole of my term of office as Governor of
Tennessee he was a member of the State sen-
ate, and he supported all the measures—some
of them necessarily extreme—of my adminis-
tration, defending them boldly and ably, while
the immediate friends and constituents of Gen-
eral Stokes made war upon me and my admin-
istration in every conceivable form and man-
ner. It wa3 therefore most natural that I
should support Senter; and under a recur-
rence of like exigencies I would do the same
thing again.
The party having become demoralized by
the Nashville fiasco, and a Legislature to be
elected, Republicans throughout the State di-
vided themselves as candidates for the General
Assembly. In some counties as many as from
three to fifteen candidates offered themselves
for election, some of them running on the
Senter and suffrage platform and others of
them on that of Stokes.
Eight days after Senter and Stoker were both
before the people as rival Republican candi-
dates I published the following brief address
to the voters of Tennessee, namely :
"I find myself called upon by letter and through
the newspapers to define my position on the suffrage
Question now being agitated throughout the State.
have never held an equivocal position on any great
public question, and I never will. Nor have I the
vanity to suppose that my opinions will influence
those of any considerable number of men on this or
any other question; and I certainly have no purpose
to dictate to any of them how they shall vote at the
coming election. It is from an entirely different
motive that I state what follows.
"In my judgment the existing franchise law was
an absolute necessity to prevent the State from being
thrown into anarchy and to protect the loyal people
thereof from being subjected to proscription, vio-
lence and murder, or exile. On this account and
wit h this view I have supported that measure. If I
had the power I would disfranchise for life the active
leaders who brought on and upheld the rebellion.
These bear about the proportion to the other num-
bers who were drawn into rebellion, say, as one to
ten. The question arises, then, in view of the recent
decision ot the Supreme Court, and to which I shall
soon more particularly refer, how can you discrim-
inate to make the disability fall upon them alone;
would it bo right or wise to keep a thousand men
under disabilities, nine hundred of whom do not
longer require it, for the sake of the one hundred
who do?
"The Republican party in Tennesseehave secured
the entire judiciary in the State for eight years to
come, and should the Governor recommend to the
Legislature an alteration of the constitution admit-
ting the disfranchised to the ballot it will require
two years to accomplish it. The rebel population of
the State will then have been disfranchised at least
six years. Should they then come into power by
wielding the majority of the votes it will be impos-
sible tor them even then to fill the offices ot tne
State with rebels to its injury, because of the four-
teenth amendment to the United States Constitution.
"There-is still another view of this subject I wish
topresent. Thesupreme court of Tennessee, acourt
of our own, choosing, has recently restored to the
ballot by its late decision about twenty thousand
rebels, among whom were some of the active leaders
of the-rebellion who had been excluded therelrom
by the franchise law. - . •
" We elected Grant upon tfie platform of universal
suffrage, East Tennessee* alone giving him about
tvf cnty-six thousand majority. In his inaugural ad-
dress Grant comes out fair and square for universal
suffrage; the reconstruction measures ot Congress
all proceed upon th'e principle of universal suffrage;
the entire Republican party of the nation and the
entire Republican press of the North are out une-
quivocally in favor of universal suffrage. Should the
Republicans of Tennessee obstinately stand out any
longer against the great Republican party of the
nation and its entire press, and also against the
President and both Houses of Congress, they will
simply render themselves ridiculous in the estima-
tion of all besides themselves.
"It will be seen from the foregoing that m my
judgment the safety of the State, the welfare of its
people, and the protection of loyal citizens do not
demand the perpetuation of existing disabilities
longer than the time when they can be constitution-
ally removed. . .
" In conclusion,Ihavenoconfidencemtnatorgan-
ization known as the Democratic party, either North
or South. I can never act with that organization,
nor support any man for office who I have reason to
believe will bo controlled by its partisans. Indeed,
if I desired to bring the devil out of his lair and
securo his active cooperation with me in polities I
would proclaim myself a Democrat of the rebel-Con-
servative school. The organization is choke-full ot
hatred of the United States Government, and having
the fish-like smell of ' States rights' it is unsavory
to the nostrils of modern progress. There are but two
parties left in this country—the diminishing party
of D emocraey, that brought about the rebellion; and
the rapidly growing party of national Republicans,
who advocate universal suffrage and the equal rights
of all, irrespective of birth-place or color. To this
party I belong, and with it and my country I propose
to sink or swim, live or die, survive or perish 1
" June 12,1869. W. 0. BROWNLOW."
It will be seen from this letter that my view
contemplated the conferring of the ballot upon
the disfranchised in a gradual and constitu-
tional manner, and not by the wholesale chang-
ing of the commissioners of registration—a
measure to which I never gave my approval.
I deny the authority of the commissioners of
registration to set aside the franchise law of
their own will by their j udgment concerning and
their supreme control over it, that law being a
Eart of the constitution of the State, and which
aa been so decided by the supreme court of
Tennessee.
I also and with equal distinctness deny the
authority of the Legislature to set aside the
franchise law by a simple act repealing it. It
can only be lawfully set aside by the single
process which is indicated in my address of
June 12, above quoted. Many persons mis-
conceive the constitutional powers of the Gen-
eral Assembly over the question of a conven-
tion and the mode of amending the constitution.
By the provisions of the constitution there
is no power vested in the General Assembly
whereby that body can provide for the amend-
ment of the organic law through a convention.
The only means of amending the constitution
within and by the forms of law is for one Legis-
lature to propose the desired amendment, and
if it receives the necessary majority then pub-
lish it, when the next succeeding Legislature
submits it to the people, and if adopted by the
people the still next Legislature declares it a
part of the constitution of the State.
The convention recently called to amend the
constitution of Tennessee has not been called
in accordance with law. It is revolutionary
and unconstitutional. What Governor Senter
may feel it his duty to do in the premises I am
not advised : but if I were Governor and the
convention should attempt to meet and carry
out their revolutionary measures I would dis-
perse them by the State troops. I am satisfied
that the present General Assembly is fatally
bent, upon mischief.
When I retired from the office of Governor
I left to Governor Senter the legacy of fifteen
hundred State militia armed and equipped and
in the field. The so-called Conservatives raised
the mad-dog cry of high taxes in sustaining a
standing army, oppression, &c. Governor Sen-
ter was induced to disband them. 1 have no
quarrel with him for doing so, but had I been
Governor at the time I would have distributed
those troops in the rebellious counties, and
held the election under the franchise law,
thereby securing a Republican Legislature.
As already stated, large numbers of Repub-
licans, both on the Senter and Stokes tickets,
offered themselves for the Legislature. This
fact, and the manner in which the registration
was manipulated, taken in connection with
I thestatements made concerning the State mili-
tia, will sufficiently explain why a Conservative
Legislature wasreturned. But certainly no rea-
sonable man can justly hold me responsible for
these facts nor for their results.
After the election was over and the returns
were known, I published a brief letter—not
necessary now to quote at length—in which I
stated that in no event would Andrew John-
son be elected United States Senator. This
publication was called forth by the charge
being freely made in certain Republican jour-
nals that I had formed an alliance with John-
son and the Conservatives. I have not seen
Andrew Johnson, nor have I spoken to him,
since the winter of 1865, when he left Nash-
ville for Washington, to be inaugurated as Vice
President of the United States—an occasion
upon which he is said to have figured on a
scale "as large as life and twice as natural."
When I form an alliance with Andrew John-
son to promote his personal aims or other-
wise to aid in advancing the corrupt Democ-
racy of the country, it will be when I shall
have become lost to all sense of honor and
shame, blind to all the teachings of the code
of morals contained in the Bible, and steeped
to the chin and nose in personal and political
profligacy.
The defeat of Andrew Johnson as a candi-
date for the United States Senate after his
most untiring efforts and those of his friends
for an election, and after, as is alleged, large
bets had been made upon his success, vindi-
cates my prediction referred to.
Hon. Henry Cooper, who was elected on the
22d of October last to succeed Hon. Joseph S.
Fowler as United States Senator, is an old-line
Whig. He was a Union man before, since, and
during the war. He wa3 never a Johnson man.
He is one of the numerous gentlemen of the
legal profession whom I commissioned as judge
of a circuit while Governor of Tennessee. He
has no disabilities upon him to be removed.
While I cannot speak from personal knowl-
edge, having had no conversation or corre-
spondence with him on the subject, I take the
responsibility of saying I doubt not he will
yield a fair and just support to President Grant
and his administration. Prom a long personal
and official acquaintance with Mr. Cooper I
am prepared to say of him that he is a gentle-
man of culture and ability.
By the expressions and pledges of the lead-
ing Conservative journals of the State, and
especially by the distinct platform upon which
the Conservatives elected Governor Senter, the
members of the Legislature were bound by
every obligation of good faith, honor, and con-
sistency to adopt the fifteenth amendment.
Their refusal to do so stamps their conduct
with political perfidy and dishonor, and may
be regarded as a base betrayal of the just
expectations of the country. Certain Tennessee
Republicans recently held a meeting in this
I city at which speeches were made. Among
I others Hon. R. R. Butler is reported to have
! said that I had turned the Whig over to the
support of Packer and Pendleton.
The gentleman to whom I s>old my interest
in the Whig, General Joseph A. Mabry, con-
tributed liberally of means and efforts to the
defeat of Andrew Johnson as a candidate for
a seat in this body in his recent effort for elec-
