3338
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
We ar« asked here to commence a building,
one small portion of which will cost in all prob-
ability, as the Senator states, something over
a million dollars. Now, it is a very well known
fact that the buildings required for this Govern-
ment always cost about double the amount of
the estimates made beforehand ; so that if the
Senator says $1,000,000, before we get done
with it that one winjj will in all probability cost
not only two but perhaps even three million
(io'lars; and before we get the whole building
implied, which undoubtedly will be done before
tin- necessities of the case call for it, we shall
have a structure there costing from seven to
ton million dollars.
It has of late been fashionable in the Senate
to raise the cry '"Down with the taxes!" and
1 think that it is a very proper cry. I believe
it is very highly appreciated by the people of
the United States; but that cry has almost
uniformly been accompanied by another cry :
"Up with the appropriations!" How these
two tliinys are to go together 1 cannot clearly
understand.
A lew days ago we listened to very eloquent
speeches, one delivered by my friend trom
West Virginia. [Mr. VVillet,] and another by
my friend from Indiana, [Mr. Pratt,] mem-
bers of the Committee on Claims, ou the lasses
suffered by southern loyalists during the war,
and the complaints brought before Congress
by them, that their just demands are not
satisfied, demands, however much they may
appeal to our sympathies, we have shown no
willingness and disposition yet to satisfy. Cer-
tainly there are a great many claims standing
against us of a similar kind, which the honor
of the nation will oblige us to respect; and be-
fore we have discharged the most urgent of our
just obligations, it seemsto me it would be emi-
nently proper for ns not to raise the appropria-
tions so high as to curtail our ability to pay
without making heavier the burden of the taxes
already weighing so grievously upon the people.
I therefore appeal to the Senate, before they
run into millions of appropriations, that they
first coolly consider whether and how the taxes
are to be reduced while the appropriations are
to be raised.
The Senator from Vermont has favored ns
with another ameudment to the appropriation
bill, also amounting on the face of it to
$500,000, to enlarge the Capitol grounds, ao
that when we step oat of these marble halls
our eyes may be gladdened by a fine piece of
landscape gardening; all of which may be very
pleasant and beautiful, bat I humbly submit
that before we go iuto such luxuries we should
first satisfy those who have just claims against
this Government. We should firstlisten to that
argent cry for the reduction of the taxes rising
all over the country ; a cry which tells us that
the interests of this country are suffering, and
that we should not go into the lavish expense
of millions before having wisely provided for
the manifold necessities pressing upon the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. HOWELL. Mr. President, I concur
entirely with what the Senator from Missouri
has just said ; and I would allude still farther
to the remark of the Senator from Vermont.
Why will he not " accept the situation ? " It
is plain, events have already settled it, that the
capital of this nation must go to the center of
population, and that that center of population
is to be, probably before he gets the building
that he seeks an appropriation for completed,
in the valley of the Mississippi. Let us, then,
" accept the situation." It is just before us,
fully in the view of the nation, that this cap-
ital, the capital of the nation, shall go to the
M ississippi valley. We cau get along here very
well with the buildings that we have. We need
not go into this immense appropriation now
when we are overwhelmed with nationalindebt-
edness, and when, as has been said, creditors
and ihose who have suffered during the war are
crying to us daily for relief aud for payment
of their just claims upon the Government.
We have got alone for many years; we can
get along for a number of years yet to come;
and it will not need jnany years until the Sen-
ate of the United States, as well as the people
of the United States, will be satisfied that this
is not the permanent seat of the Government
for this Union, and that it is not wise to iuvest
i such an enormous amount of capital in erect-
ing buildings at this point. Therefore it is
that in view of the condition of the country
now in regard to the indebtedness that rests
upon us, in regard to the claims against us, in
regard to the fact that we seek to reduce the
taxes of the country, and that the people
demand a reduction of taxes, and demand
| economy and retrenchment—I say in view of
] all these facts it does come with a very bad
grace, and will be so regarded by the people
of the country, for the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds to lay the foundation
for the expenditure of millions upon millions
of dollars here for the erection of buildings
that must prove eventually, and at no distant
date, useless for the purpose for which they
are designed.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I was rather
incliued to vote against this appropriation when
it was first proposed by the Senator from Ver-
mont 011 the ground of economy, and because I
thought perhaps we could wait awhile before
beginning the buildiug; but if it is made an
issue whether the capital shall remain here or
be put on wheels, I think all the arguments of
economy are in favor of an immediate appro-
priation. If appropriations are to be opposed
on that idea, and the refusal to make appro-
priations is to be construed as an intimation
that the national capital is to float around over
the country aud to be a bone of contention and
diseord for the next twenty years, I shall vote
for appropriations all the time.
I believe that this is as eligible a point as
there is in the United States for the capital,
considering the climater the location, and all
the associations that surround iu I do not
believe this capital is to be moved. Our pres-
ent facilities for travel place the capital nearer
the Pacific coast in point of time than it was
fifty years ago to Massachusetts. You can go
from here to San Francisco in seven days. It
took that length of time to go from here to
Boston when the capital was located here.
Mr. SUMNER. The Pullman cars take.a
company from Boston through in five days, I
think.
Mr. STEWART. So that distance is over-
come, and there is no inconvenience in having
the capital here. It is a beautiful place, a
healthy place. The only objection I have is
the want of a right of way to it, and the want
of a little enterprise in improving it. Now, if
the question is to be agitated whether we are
to have a removal of the capital, I am in favor
of making all reasonable appropriations for the
improvement of these grounds so that they
shall look proper. I am in favor of the public
property being taxed the same as private prop-
erty is here, and let that be a fund which shall
be annually appropriated to improving the
streets and grounds and inaugurating a system
of sewerage and beautifying the city. Then
let us have railroads built to it. Let us have
one thiqg in the United States which is perma-
nent.
If you start this question of the removal of
the capital yon will have every little town in
the Mississippi valley of two thousand inhab-
itants putting in a claim, and you will prac-
tically have the capital on wheels. It will be
more expensive; there will be more uncer-
tainty, and it will do more to disparage the
credit of the nation to start this capital on !
wheels, and to make the people feel dissatis i
fied with their Government, than any other
thing you could^f). {
There are memories surrounding Washing
ton that th"i*J)eop]e love and revere, memories 1
that should notbe disturbed. Let us have.some
memories and some associations that we regard
as sacred. Now, do not make that an issue
because you will make me extravagant on this
question of appropriations. If my friend from
Iowa wants to defeat these appropriations let
him not put hia opposition on the ground that
he is opposed to the spending of moaey here
because lie wants the capital removed.
Mr. HOWELL. I was going to ask the Sen-
ator from Nevada what those memories were
that he bases so strong an argument on.
Mr. STEWAR T. Does the Senator inquire
what are the memories to which I refer?
Mr. HOWELL. I do.
Mr. STEWART. Here is the point that
was agreed upon by our fathers, after a strug-
gle and a compromise tnade on the establish-
ment of the Government. This is the point
that the Father of his Country took an active
part iu locating. This is the point ncarwnich
his remains lie. Here is the point near which
over forty thousand soldiers of the late war
are buried. Here is the place around which
the patriotism of this nation rallied to save the
capital they loved. Here is the place to which
the eyes of the whole world were directed when
it was threatened by the lntnds of traitors.
Massachusetts sent her hosts, Pennsylvania
sent her patriots, and Iowa and Illinois were
not behind, to guard these sacred grounds.
This is the point for which more blood Ims
been shed, for which more prayers have been
sent up, than any other point. There is no
point in America like Washington, surrounded
by such memories. The memories of the
compromise of the Revolution; the memories
of the struggles of the great rebellion cling
about this place. Tear it down; tear down
these walls for which you have fought; put the
capital on wheels, and you will trifle with the
dignity and the honor of the nation.
1 am astonished that the Senator from Iowa,
the economist of the Senate, the man who
would save the public lands, the man who
would save everything, should now propose to
tear all this up and put the capital on some
creek in Iowa, on the swamp lands that the
State received as a special bonus on the Mis-
sissippi. No; let us stay where we are. We
shall never get so good a place ; we shall never
get a place that will satisfy the people as well.
We shall never get a place in the United States
upon which as many men will agree as upon
this. Do not make that issue. If you do I
will vote for appropriations, and I will vote for
appropriations not only to build a Department
of State, but to build an elegant presidential
mansion, to pave the streets, to beautify the
grounds. Let us have one place that we hold
sacred, one place that we protect, one place
that shall be permanent, one place that shall
be the pride of America.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Pres-
ident, I trust we shall not on an amendment
of this kind raise a discussion about the re-
moval of the capital. When that question
comes up seriously gentlemen will find that
there are plenty of arguments,' and they will
be met toe to toe. Now it 13 a question of
necessity, even if the Government were dis-
posed to move its buildings. We ought to
have a fire-proof building to accommodate the
archives, the library, and the officers of the
State Department; and this argument in favor
of economy—of course I do nut like to char-
acterize it; but it is too thin and too trans-
parent to be disguised even by the ingenuity
of my friend from Missouri or by the stubborn
assertions of my friend from Iowa.
Mr. HOWELL. If the Senator will permit
me, I should like to ask him a question. He
says this is a matter of absolute necessity, as I
understand him. I cannot comprehend the
necessity any more than I can comprehend the
argument as to the memories that cluster around
this place. That argument does not reach a.ny
practical result. M either do I see anything
in the necessity that the Senator from Ver-
mont alludes to. that a building to cost some
$10,00^,000 shall be erected here or com-
