1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2395
merit of it ; but when propositions are made
that are so utterly absurd as to shock the com-
mon sense of mankind and the decent respect
of the profession for itself and the law, it is
difficult for eyen an old man of a mild temper
to keep his temper as well as he should.
But now 1 invite the attention again ofmy friend
from Massachusetts. What is the excuse that he
gives for this ? He says that the Legislature
of Georgia became demoralized. How did it
become demoralized? It organized and adopted
the fourteenth amendment. Was that an act
of demoralization ? It elected two Senators,
as your reconstruction laws contemplated it
should do. Was that an act of demoralization?
It elected the necessary State officers whose
election devolved upon it. Was that an act
of demoralization? On the nomination of Gov-
ernor Bullock the State senate ratified liis
nomination of all the judges throughout Geor-
gia. Was that an act of demoralization? That
Legislature passed appropriation bills; it made
laws suited to the new circumstances of the
State, laws of which nobody has complained.
Were those acts of demoralization?
Whatactof demoralization, then, did it com-
mit? It was this: in accordance with the opin-
ion expressed by the highest judicial function-
ary in that State, it declared that the black
race were not entitled to hold office in Georgia.
The Legislature of Georgia, or rather each
branch for itself, having the absolute right to
determine that question and the right to de-
termine it without being bound by the decision
of any judiciary, before there had been any
judicial decision to the countrary, and acting
upon what was the declared opinion of the
most eminent lawyer of the State, and themosfc
eminent Radical in the State in the canvass
in which that Legislature was elected—acting
upon that advice, on those principles, and with
that circumspection, it resolved that the negro
members were not entitled to their seats, and
it ousted them. That was the first appearance
of demoralization. Then it did what I admit
was all wrong, it seated the minority candi-
dates.
What did you do? Although this was a
question over which that Legislature, and that
Legislature alone had jurisdiction, although
this was a question under the constitution of
the State of Georgia, over which Congress had
no manner of control whatsoever, any more
than it has over the constitution of Massachu-
setts or the constitution of Ohio, or over the
Legislature of Massachusetts or the Legislature
of Ohio, yet because that Legislature did that
you took Georgia in hand again last Decem-
ber ; not because her constitution was not re-
publican in form, the only thing you had a
right to look to, the only thing that the Consti-
tution of the United States gives you any super-
vision or jurisdiction over; not because her
constitution was not republican in form, for you
had affirmed that it was republican in form, but
what you complained of was that that repub-
lican constitution had not been obeyed; and
you took Georgia in hand again and passed
your act of December last.
And now when we are brought to the pres-
ent state of things, what is the excuse of the
Senator from Massachusetts for perpetuating
the power of the present Legislature of Geor-
gia? Why, that it was guilty of that horrible
crime of turning the negroes out and of seat-
ing the minority candidates ! Let me tell the
Senator from Massachusetts that of the men
who turned the negroes out more than seventy
are members of this present Legislature, hold- (
itig their seats now; and for that act, which he !
considers an act of such atrocity, he proposes
to reward them by giving them a lease of power
for two years longer ! Let me tell him further
that of the present members of the Legisla-
ture there are fifteen or sixteen, I believe, who
were minority candidates, and who are there-
fore seated in the present Legislature by just
such a demoralizing act, just such an atrocity
as that of which the Senator so eloquently
complained last December ; and now the re-
ward which the Senator from Massachusetts
proposes to grant to those men thus illegally
seated, men who never were elected at all, men
who hold their seats by a plain and flagrant
violation of the constitution and the law, is
to give them a lease of power for two years
longer!
Mr.President,it is amazingto me that any gen-
tlemen could be found to stand up and advocate
such a proposition as this. If I were looking
at this question simply in a party point of view,
if I had no other aspirations than to see my
party triumphant, I could not wish anything bet-
ter than that these amendments should carry,
and that the spectacle should be presented of
this party calling itself Republican, of this party
which is soeloquentintherecitalof its achieve-
ments in favor of liberty, republicanism, and
free government, imposing the government of
a minority,upon the majority of a State by
lengthening the term for two years of her Le-
gislature, and for two years of her executive
officers, in plain usurpation of power, in plain
violation of the constitution of the State, and
in plain violation of the most solemn pledges
you ever made to the people of that State in
the laws that you have passed.
If you think you canlive upon such a record
as that,, so be it. I do not know but that you
can. It does seem as if violations of the Con-
stitution had ceased to make the least impres-
sion upon the people. It may be that I have
outlived my time. The time was when the
Ameiican people would have been aroused to
frenzy by what takes place now almost every
week and creates not a ripple upon the public
mind. It seems as if the public mind had be-
come indurated until it was no longer impress-
ible by any violation of the Constitution, by
any usurpation of power, by any doctrine how-
ever dangerous or subversive of free institutions
that can be uttered, even in the Senate Cham-
ber of the United States. I do not know how
long this callousness will remain. It may re-
main until lam laid in my grave to be troubled
with it no more ; but in looking into history it
does seem to me that there is a time for reac-
tion. After a great civil war like that we have
gone through, after a time when people's
minds and passions were stirred to the utmost,
after a time when violations of the Constitution
were submitted to again and again under a sup-
posed public necessity, after a people have
been agitated as they were during our four
years of war, it takes them a good while, indeed,
to resume their normal condition and their
normal habits of thought. The minds of men
become dislocated, become disorganized, and
it is a good while before the quiet, peaceful,
steady, and powerful influence of law and regu-
lar government once more resumes its sway ;
but yet the time docs come. There never was
a civil war that was not followed by such a
time. Sometimes it comes in the shape of a
military despotism or the rule of a single man,
but in this age I do not think that is possible,
at least not here ; and therefore I have hoped
that the rule of the Constitution, of law, of
principle, which once distinguished this people
above all peoples in the world will yet, even in
my age and generation, resume its sway over
the public mind. If that shall come to pass,
then the student of history who looks back over
the last ten years of this nation's life will be lost
in amazement to see that such things were, and
yet the public were calm and quiet.
Now, Mr. President,, I have a word to say to
my most respected friend from West Virginia,
["Mr. Williey,] who spoke to the Seriate so
impressively and in the main I think so justly
this morning. He objects to one clause in
what is called the Bingham amendment, that
clause which declares that an election shall
take place in 1870; and he seems to be at a
loss to know how we who deny the power of
Congress to interfere with a State constitution
republican in form, and who deny the right of
Congress to impose fundamental conditions on
a State, can vote for this Bingham amendment
with that clause in it; and having that same
difficulty himself, and sincerely so, he pffers an
amendment that relieves it from that particu-
larly objectionable feature. I confess this is a
point that has given me much trouble, and it
was not without long consideration that I
brought my mind to the conclusion that I might
conscientiously vote for the Bingham amend-
ment; and now I will tell the Senator why.
This constitution, if interpreted as Governor
Bullock and his followers-would interpret it, is
clearly a constitution anti-republican in form,
one that never conld be sanctioned by the
Congress of the United States: for under that
interpretation this Legislature may prolong its
powers for twenty years or for forty years
instead of for two years. There is no end to
its usurpation if that interpretation of the con-
stitution be true. The distinction was admir-
ably pointed out by the Senator from Missouri,
[Mr, Schurz,] when he addressed the Senate
on the subject. Any interpretation that would
enable that Legislature, not on account of an
inevitable accident, but by its own act, to per-
petuate its power, is not a republican form of
government; and therefore, if that interpreta-
tion be true, that constitution is nob republican
in form and cannot be sanctioned by Congress.
But there is a plain rule in the consideration
of all laws, be they constitutions or be thev
statutes, that if one construction would defeat
the instrument and another construction up-
hold it,, that construction should be given to it
which will uphold it in preference to that which
will defeat it.- It is an old law maxim, ut res
magis valeat quarn pereat; that rather the thing
shall be preserved than that it shall perish.
Hence, when the question is whether a statute
is constitutional or not, if there are two inter-
pretations that may be given to it, one of which
will make it unconstitutional and the other will
make it constitutional, the rule of law is im-
perative that you shall give it that interpreta-
tion which makes it constitutional. So, too,
when the question is whether a State constitu-
tion is repugnant or not to the Constitution of
the United States, (and it is repugnant if it
does not establish a republican form of gov-
ernment;) when that is the question, and the
State constitution issusceptible of two interpre-
tations, one of which would make it repugnant
to the Constitution of the United States and
the other would make it in harmony with it,
you are bound to give it that interpretation
which makes it, consistent with the Federal
Constitution. Therefore, if it be conceded that
this constitution of Georgia will admit of the
interpretation contended for by the Senator
from Nevada and the Senator from Michigan,
the interpretation placed upon it by Governor
Bullock and his partisans, inasmuch as that
interpretation would make it repugnant to the
Constitution of the United States, while the
interpretation placed upon it by your Judiciary
Committee would mate it consistent with the
Constitution of the United States, you are
bound by a well-settled principle of law to
give it tho, interpretation which your commit-
tee has reported it ought to bear.
That being the case, and the true interpre-
tation of the constitution being that there must
be an election nextNovember, orat least within
this present year, and that the power of the
Legislature to change the time of election is
limited to a power to change it within this
year, Congress is bound to guaranty that con-
stitution to the people of Georgia against an
interpretation that will be anti-republican.
But, says the Senator from West Virginia in
his argument, the time has not come; you must
wait until there is a violation of the constitu-
tion. I admit, as a general rule, that that
would be right; but yet there may he an ex-
ceptional case; and in this case the present
Legislature, the law-making power of Georgia,
has directly and in the most unequivocal man-
ner notified us that it means to give the inter-
pretation to the constitution which, he and I
