1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5227
the territory of the United States. True, those
goods started for a Mexican port, but the fraud
was perpetrated on the road. This merchan-
dise was taken to Corpus Christi and other
towns on the Texan frontier, and carried by
wagons, by carts, and by teams, and the frauds,
the thefts, the robberies were betweenthe point
of starting and the frontier of Mexico. We
have suffered in another way, from sending
goods in bond up the Mississippi river. Where
ever, and however, and whenever we have per-
mitted goods in bond to be transported through
the United States the Treasury has suffered,
and it will suffer; and, sir, if you adopt this
proposition permit me to say that the Treasury
will suffer a loss of more than ten million dol-
lars in gold every single year until we correct
the improper legislation that we shall adopt
when we adopt this amendment. I shall vote
for the proposition of the Senator from Maine,
and then I shall vote against the amendment,
as amended.
Mr. SCHURZ. I wish to say a single word
in reply to the remarks of my friend from New
Hampshire. I have been associated with him
in certain investigations concerning the frauds
perpetrated on the Mexican frontier. He knows
very well that that is the extremest case which
can possibiy be put. There is a frontier on
which there is a class of people living, such as
I suppose cannot be found elsewhere in the
United States. In the second place, goods are
transported there by carts, on mules, and so
on—a kind of transportation which can be found
nowhere else in the United States. In the third
place, goods were transported to and fro, across
the river into Mexico and back again.
Mr. MORTON. That was the argument
made at the time.
Mr. SCHURZ. Yes. Now we have already
had some experience as to the transportation
of goods under bond which is contemplated by
this amendment, and that is the transportation
of goods under bond from the ports of New
York, Portland, and Boston to the Canadian
frontier ; and it has been stated and admitted
on the floor of the Senate this afternoon that
no frauds worth speaking of were perpetrated
there. It is exactly that system, under those
very same regulations, which is to be introduced
now between the East and the West.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I propose an amendment
to the amendment of the Senator from Maine.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Maine is an amend-
ment to an amendment, and is not amendable
in the third degree unless the Senator from
Maine should accept the amendment that the
Senator from Rhode Island may offer.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The amendment that I
propose is one that will obviate the difficulty
that is complained of by Senators, and it is in
these words—perhaps it may not meet the
approval of anybody, and if not, I shall not
offer it:
Provided. That (roods destined to any other port
than the port of original entry shall not oe entitled
totheprivilegesof the bonded warehouse at the port
of original entry.
That will prevent these goods from coming j
into the bonded warehouse for examination.
Mr. SCHURZ. That is already provided
for by the amendment drafted by the Senator I
from Maine, but not in the identical language
suggested by the Senator from Rhode Island.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I will not offer it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Maine to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now recurs on the amendment of the '
Senator from Missouri, as amended.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. There were
evidently two lines of policy to be pursued in
relation to this section. The one was to re-
strict the places to be allowed this privilege
to a small number and try the experiment
with some degree of safety. The other was to
enlarge the number until every State having
a port of relative importance .should have its
fair opportunity for the favor granted by this
bill. After some two or three of these cities
had been incorporated in the bill I was then in
favor of voting in all that had equal claims;
but I am strongly in favor of striking the whole
of them out and leaving it as it was reported
by the original bill, which I think preferable.
I therefore send to the Chair an amendment
to be inserted after the word "two," in line
two of the seventh section, striking out all the
rest of the section; and I desire to say 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it be reported first,
and we shall then understand what you have
to say about it.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment to the
amendment is in section seven, line two, to
strike out all after the words " extend to,"
and in lieu of the words stricken out to insert
the following:
Any city containing more than one hundred and
fifty thousand inhabitants in a collection district
more interior than the port of original importation,
or destined for a place either in Europe, Australia,
or Asia, via the United States.
So that the section will read:
That the privileges of this act shall extend to any
city containing in ore than one hundred and fifty thou-
sand inhabitants in a collection district more interior
than the port ot original importation, or destined for
a place either in Europe, Australia, or Asia, via the
United States.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. Mr. President,
this is an experiment, and I regard it as a dan-
gerous one; and therefore I desire to curtail
it to its narrowest extent until it shall have
been fairly tried. If it works well, then it can
be very easily extended to these other States
and cities that may desire it. I will simply add
that the last part of the amendment is obviously
nceessary. The bill does not now provide
for any means by which importations can be
made across the country, that are designed for
Europe, Asia, or Australia. Therefore I pre-
sent the amendment in good faith.
Mr. SHERMAN. The only substantial dif-
ference between the pending amendment and
the proposition which was voted down is con-
tained in this very amendment of the Senator
from Vermont. I think the original amend-
ment was a wise one, and ought to have been
adopted ; but the Senate having voted it down
by two majority, and now having amended this
proposition by putting on fifteen cities, I think
those who are in favor of trying this experiment
had better stand by the bill as it is. The Sen-
ator himself voted a short time ago against the
very proposition that he now offers.
Mr. IIOWE. What the truth about this
matter is I do not know ; but that the Senator
from Vermont has for once mistaken the true
policy seems to me to be very evident. He
may be entirely right in saying that we cannot
adopt this thing with safety to the revenue.
He maybe entirely right, that if we venture
upon it at all we should venture upon it in the
way of experiment; but he must certainly be
mistaken in choosing great cities with a pop-
ulation of not less than one hundred and fifty
thousand to experiment with. If we aregoing
to make an experiment, we ought to make it
on the smallest scale possible. Let him name
three other places, SaultSte. Marie, Beaufort,
in North Carolina, and someplace where there
can be but little trade, and then you can risk
but little. That is the way to experiment.
But if, on the other hand, you go on the as-
sumption that no experiment, is necessaiy, that
the thing can be done with safety between New
York and a city of one hundred and fifty thou-
sand inhabitants, then it is evjdent that it can
be done with safety between New York and a
citv of fifty thousand.
Mr. President, while I have been listening
to this debate, I have fplt very much like the
Dutch justice, that I could decide either way
with entire satisuictiou to myself if I did not
hear anything on the other side. [Laughter.]
When I have listened to the honorable Senator
from Michigan [Mr. Chandler] and the hon-
orable Senator from New York [Mr. Conk-
ling] arguing against the expediency and pro-
priety of attempting to transport goods from
an Atlantic port to an interior port without
the prepayment of duties, it has seemed to me
we could not venture on this step without
incurring great peril to the revenues of the
country. But when I hear those same Sen-
ators and the Senator from Vermont on my
right [Mr. Morrill] turn around and show
how safely, and securely, and beyond the pos-
sibility of any risk, we can transport goods
from any Atlantic port to all the Canadas——
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have not maintained
any sncli thing, if you allude to me. I main-
tain the reverse.
Mr. HOWE. I did not allude to you.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Nor did I either. The
Senator will have to take that back. He did
not hear anybody say that.
Mr. HOWE. Did I not hear that? The
Senator from Ohio turned right about when
in the interests of the Treasury you refused to
adopt the amendment offered by the Senator
from Illinois and said, "Now, if you want to
have the Treasury secure, I propose to repeal
the statutes under which this transit is made to
the Canadns," and at once sprang up the Sen-
ator from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] the Sen-
ator from New York, [Mr. Conklixg,] the
Senator from Maine, [Mr. Hamlin,] and the
Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Chandler,,] pro-
testing against that repeal. That could be done
safely. The Senator from Michigan says, "That
can be done safely, because that is done under
custom-house lock." Oh, indeed! Well, I
could not for my life, stupid as I am, under-
stand why a custom-house lock could not be
employed just as securely on the transit be-
tween New York and Chicago as between New
York and Montreal. Ifthe custom-house lock
is the thing that gives security to that sort of
transit, I think it might be adopted generally;
and I think the Senator from Maine mistrusted
that that might bo done, for he said, "That is
not the trouble at all; there is no sort of doubt
but that goods once landed in Now York can
go anywhere under bond and in safety to the
Treasury, but the difficulty is to know that the
box you ship from Brest or from Marseilles
will land ill New York." We asked him,
"How do you know that? How do you determ-
ine whether it is the true box?" "By exam-
ination." " Examination where?" "Exam-
ination in New York." I asked him why it
could not be examined just as well in Chicago,
if that was the port of delivery; and I have
not been able to understand why it could not
be done.
Mr. CONKLING. Suppose the contents had
been taken out between the two places, then
how ?
Mr. HOWE. Between New York and
Chicago?
Mr. CONKLING. Yes.
Mr. HOWE. Then the Treasury is wronged
just to the extent of the duties. But now
suppose tkfy are changed between New York
and Montreal? Then the goods are put upon
our market without the payment of our duties,
and the wrong is just as great in the one case
as in the other, and the (Sanger of their being
put upon the market is just as great in the one
as in the other.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It becomes
the duty of the Chair to remind the Senator
that he"has spoken five minutes.
Mr. STOCKTON. Is it in order to offer an
amendment now?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
an amendtnentto an amendment pending. The
question is on the amendment offered by the
Sena'or from Vermont to the amendment of
the Senator from Missouri.
The question being put, it was declared that
the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I aak for a
division.
