1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
139
tion by the Tennessee Legislature. I meet this
whole story about selling the Whig to the Dem-
ocratic party by the following "card," which
appeared in the Knoxville Whig on the 24th-
day .of September last:
- ' KHOXYHI.E^%iSp(«n6e>- 23. •
"A. J. -Ricks,* of this city, recently ssnt special
dispatch to the Washington Chronicle, in which he
alleged, that I had, disposed of the-Knoxville Whig
to " a prominent secessionist, formerly a postmaster
of-this city," and that afterl had given assurance
to the public that it would be continued as a Repub-
lican journal. ,
Last winter 'the Whig office and all belonging
thereto passed into the hands of a stock company of
seven gentlemen, all of them members of the Union
League in this city. These seven persons owned tho
twelve shares, $1,000 a share, at which the concern
was valued, and bach member was allowed one vote
per share for each share owned m the business man-
agement of the concern.
The editor. Dr. Pearne, employed by the com-
pany, is also a member of the Union League, and I
take it upon myself to say is as sound a "Republican
as there is in or out of the State.
It, is false that I sold any part of the office to " a
prominent secessionist, formerly a postmaster of this
city." Equally untrue is it that 1 assured the public
that it would be continued as a Republican journal.
What I did state was, in substance, that I had had
assurance that tho Whig would continue to be pub-
lished as a Republican journal and as the supporter
of Grant and his administration.
The sale of my two shares of the Whig stock a
few weeks ago was purely a business transaction and
had nothing to do with polities. The gentleman to
whom I sold has been for several years a memberof
the Union League in this city, anil as a delegate to
the Chicago convention supported the nomination
of Grant and Colfax, ilo has probably given as
much money, time, and labor for the Republican
party as any man in Tennessee.
The effort of Mr. Ricks to represent my sale of
these twoshares of my stock to this gentleman as a
betrayal of the Whig or the party into the hands of
secessionists nuist have originated in pure malice.
This man Ricks is a northern dough-face, who, as the
Knoxville correspondent of the New York Times,
Cincinnati Commercial, and Washington Chronicle,
has foughtthe Radical State governmentof Tennessee
straight along through, charging especially through
the Times that the judges whom I had appointed nud
commissioned were corrupt and incompetent. Yet,
with the cringing sycophancy of a spaniel, ho creeps
after and bows and scrapes around those judges
whom he has thus slandered from the highest to the
lowest court in the State, Indeed, since ltieks failed
to smuggle himself into the pension agency in this
city—a game that he tried last spring at Washing-
ton—he has looked at me and my acts through jaun-
diced spectacles, which produce a jaundiced yellow-
ness upon alt he sees.
In conclusion, had I furnished this late dispatch
of Itieks's to tho Chronicle with a knowledge of all
the facts, as Ricks professed, I should expect the pub-
lie to look upon me as an unscrupulous liar and a
malignant, mean man, wanting in tho ingredients
which go to make up a gentleman.
W. G. EROWNLOW.
This man to whom I refer is the tail end of
a copperhead law firm, and he reflects their
sentiments. The senior member of this firm,
John Baxter, is the man who in 1862 proposed
to Jefferson Davis, through Landon C. Haynes,
a senator in the Richmond congress, that if
Davis would furnish him a million dollars he
would go North and buy up the leading journals
of the country to the support of the southern
confederacy and procure them to instigate riots
and the burning of cities in the North. Gen-
eral Burnside captured Haynes's papers, includ-
ing this proposition, and it was on exhibition
at the provost marshal's office in Knoxville.
This shows his estimate of those journals
through some of which he is now blackguard-
ing me over the signature of this unscrupulous
Bohemian. The senior member of this same
law firm recently sold out the farm of the widow
Harmon for services alleged to have been ren-
dered by him at the trial of the widow Harmon's
husband and son for bridge burning, which
resulted in their hanging.
This bridge burning was an act authorized
and directed by the War Department of the
United States, for which Harmon and his son
lost their lives in 1861. A fellow-prisoner with
them, I saw them led out to their execution.
It was the widow and mother of these men for
whom Baxter's ineffectual services were ren-
dered who was turned out of her house and
home by this man, John Baxter. Yet these
men now denounce me for betrayal of the
Republican party!
I claim to have fought the battles of the i
Union straight through for forty years against
nullification, disunion, secession, and rebellion;
thirty of those years as editor of one of the
leading journals of Tennessee. I claim to have
been driven by the rebels into the deep gorges
and laurel thickets of the Smoky mountains,
where the rebel cavalry hunted me as the hunts-
man' pursues the wild beasts of the forest, with
instructions from their commanding, officer not
to capture me alive. In a word, for my devotion
to the cause of my country I have been " in
journeyings often, in perils of waters, in perils
of robbers, in perils by mine own countrymen,
in perils by the heathen, in perils in the. city,
in perils in the wilderness, in perils in the sea,-
in perils among false brethern, in weariness
and painfulness, in watchings often, in hunger
and thirst, in fastings often, in cold and-naked-
ness."
After all this I do not propose at this late
day to be read out of the Republican party by
a selfish pack of Tennessee politicians of small
ealiber and less honesty, who have been on all
sides of all questions and whose connection
with the Republican party has no stronger bond
nor higher motive than the. old, time-honored
seven principles of " the five barley loaves and
two small fishes." Of this class of partisans
1 designate Stokes and Butlek, who have seen
fit to denounce me as untrue to the great Re-
publican party. Why, this same man, R. R.
Butler, was doing rebel service in a rebel legis-
lature and proposing to raise a regiment of
rebel troops while 1 was suffering in jail in
Knoxville for my constancy to the cause of the
Union 1 Is not ho a beautiful pink ot' consist-
ency to impeach my loyalty to the parly that
saved the country ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will suspend the reading. The Chair will state
to the Senate that when the Senate or a parlia-
mentary body grants unanimous consent to a
personal explanation it is difficult for the Pre-
siding Officer to state at what point he should
interrupt remarks that might be considered
as going beyond the parliamentary rules ; but
the rule is fixed in England as well as in this
country that remarks aimed particularly and
specially and personally at members of the
other branch of the parliamentary body must
be ruled out by the Chair. The Chair therefore
thinks that as these remarks now being read
by the Secretary reflect severely upon two
members of the House of Representatives,
coordinate with this body in legislation, they
do not come within the parliamentary law as
established in England and adopted in this
country.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think as the honorable
Senator from Tennessee is making a personal
vindication, not only for the benefit of himself
but for the benefit of the party, the debate
should be allowed to proceed, although it might
be in violation of ordinary parliamentary rules.
All parliamentary rules, especially general
parliamentary rules, are subject to the will of
the body at all times. I think under the cir-
cumstances, especially as the honorable Sen-
ator cannot now in his physical condition
change what he has written, it ought to be
allowed to be read without regard to the
parliamentary law. Undoubtedly the Yice
President is correct in his statement of the
parliamentary law, that naming a member of a
coordinate branch is in violation of the parlia-
mentary rale and can only be done by general
consent. I hope that consent will be given
under the circumstances by which we are sur-
rounded. I therefore move that the Senator
from Tennessee be allowed to proceed without
interruption.
The VICE PRESIDENT. R does not re-
quire a motion. The Chair only indicated, as
it was his duty to do, the parliamentary law
bearing on this question, and the Secretary
will proceed with the reading unless inter-
rupted by some Senator. The Chair did it with
great reluctance, but he felt compelled to do it
by the law.
The Secretary resumed the reading of the
remarks of Mr. Brownlow, as follows:
Lest it should be forgotten, I will say here
and now that the worst class of men we have
ever had in the South were men who came there
before the war, married large cotton or other
plantations well stocked with negroes, and who
thus took slavery by inoculation. These men,
to prove their devotion to the rebel confederacy,
jumped higher and declaimed louder in favor
of southern rights and abolition tyranny than
some of the. natives of the country. _ Some of
them by some means found it convenient to get
into the Federal Army, and since the surrender
ofLee they have cast their fortunes with the Con-
servative, alias Democratic, alias rebel party,
after the wealthier members, of which, for the
sake of influence and gain, they crawl and
cringe and sneak with as complete submission
as ever spaniel fawned upon its chastising mas-
ter; Such, I repeat, are the worst class of per-
sons we have ever had in the South. I do not
propose-that they by-themselves or through re-
creant dough-faced Republicans shall arraign
my integrity as a member of the Republican
party.
If in any of my subsequent votes in this
Chamber upon questions of reconstruction I
may seem wanting in charity toward, our err-
ing southern brethren, the explanation will
be this : I have not equal confidence in them
all. Some of them I regard as high-minded,
honorable gentlemen, whose word is to me as
good as a bond ; such men I can respect and
have confidence toward. Yet very many—I
was almost ready to say the great mass—of the
leaders who brought on rebellion and fought
through the war to their utter defeat are, in
my judgment, as deeply rooted in hostility to
the national Government as when sword iu
hand ihey fought to overthrow it. They now
seek only for an opportunity to effect by the
ballot and by legislation what, they failed to
accomplish by force of arms. Hence my action
upon questions concerning reconstruction,
while it may seem to savor of severity and
hatred, will find explanation in that instinct of
self-preservation which is the first law of nature.
With an insulting consciousness of the kind
favor with which they would meet at court,
certain malignantRepublicans from'Tennessee
have gone to the President, either in person or
through some of his Cabinet officers, and have
disparaged the Senter Republicans in general
and myself in particular. To those cowardly
assaults I have made no reply, nor shall I ex-
cept as contained in these remarks. I have
not seen the President nor any member of the
Cabinet since his election to the high office so
worthily filled by him. Nor have I visited any
of the Departments. I have asked fewer favors,
as I believe, of this Administration than any
Republican member of this body, and as a con-
sequence I have obtained fewer.
Nor shall I seek by personal, cringing ap-
peals to the President or any of his subordi-
nates to vindicate myself from the base-born
assaults referred to. If my character, estab-
lished by forty years of consistent public life,
is not an ample vindication, my self-respect
will not allow me to seek by dishonorable and
unmanly method to defend it. Nor is it neces-
sary to my defense that I should make other
than these public statements.
Fortunately President Grant and thoseasso-
ciated with him in the Administration are gen-
tlemen of too much discernment to be befooled
by the ex parte tales of defeated, disappointed
partisans.
Without intending to trifle with the Senate
or the country I take this occasion to state that
I have learned through the public journals of
Tennessee that certain .parties, in view of my
early and hoped-for demise, have already ad-
ministered upon my political estate and have
cast lots for my garments. I may or I may not
die before my senatorial term expires. I com-
menced dying gradually' on the 29th of August,
1806, and I have been dying in the same man-
