1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4288
citizenship for six months as there is for one
month. Why should an intelligent foreign-
born citizen be suspended between heaven and
earth, like thecoffin of Mohammed, for one day
or one minute after his citizenship should be
given him 7 Why any more than a minor after
lie attains his majority, or the negro after his
right has been given him under the fifteenth
amendment?
The naturalization laws have been allowed
to remain undisturbed since the repeal of
the odious alien laws in 1802. The ques-
tion of suffrage has been left almost entirely
with the States ; and almost everywhere, by
common consent, the old feeling of Know-
Nothmgism or Native Americanism has been
buried and forgotten. The utmost liberality
has been shown to all persons of foreign birth,
the highest offices in the gift of the country
have been filled by them, and they to day are
among the best and ablest of our legislators
and jurists. There has been no position, civil
or military, occupied by them where they have
not, shown to their adopted country patriotism
and fidelity. The western States of this coun-
try are mostly composed of adopted citizens.
State after State has been admitted into the
Union with more than half its citizens men of
foreign birth. In those States the naostextreme
liberality has been shown to the emigrant, as if
there was actually a rivalry between such States
for such citizens. In the State of Indiana,
according to a provision in her State constitu-
tion, after a residence of one year in the Uni-
ted States and six months in the State, any
■white citizen is entitled to the right of suffrage.
In Illinois, under her constitution, all males
over twenty-one years of age and one year's
residence in the State shall be entitled to such
privilege. In Kansas there is still greater lax-
ity ; only six months' residence is required there
alter declaration of intentions of becoming a
citizen. In Michigan the same provision, pre-
cisely like Kansas, requiring only six months'
residence after declaration of such intentions.
In Minnesota still greater liberality prevails,
and any white foreign-born citizen can exer-
cise the right of suffrage and enjoy aU the rights
of such citizen upon merely declaring his_ in-
tentions of becoming one. Such provisions
were wisely ingrafted in the constitutions of
all those States; and who can doubt but that
to such provisions the rapid growth and great
wealth of those States are mostly due? The
wealth the emigrant adds to this country is
inestimable. A half million arrives here an-
nually. Within the last few days fifteen thou-
sand hardy emigrants have landed in the city
of New York alone. Who so foolhardy as
would stay this noble tide of humanity? Who
so foolhardy as to enact laws that will duve
them elsewhere?
An apt illustration of what I have been
saying of this element of wealth is shown
by an interview between Commodore Vandcr-
bilt, the financier and millionaire, and Sir Mor-
ton Peto, the celebrated English railroad king,
while on a visit to this country a few years ago.
Peto asked Commodore Vanderbilt what he
thought of the United States and its ability to
pay the war debt. The commodore replied
that he had no book knowledge on the sub-
ject, and could only answer from what he him-
self had seen. "Well," said Peto, "let us
have that, then." " Why," said Commodore
Vanderbilt, " I take on my railroads every day
from Castle Garden, in New York, fifteen hun-
dred or two thousand immigrants and make a
country village out West. 1^ think a country
that makes a new country village almost every
day in the year is entitled to some credit in the
money market of the world, Peto.'' It is n®e<^"
less for me to say that Sir Morton Peto fully
agreed with Commodore Vanderbilt in his prac-
tical illustration, which photographed so clearly
that the immense and countless resources and
wealth of the United States was mostly owing
to foreign immigration.
And now, Mr. Speaker, by way of adding
force to this argument, I will state a fact in
relation to the ability of this country to pay its
debts which is not so generally known among
the people as I would wish ; and although in
one sense it is not exactly germane to this sub-
ject, yet in another light it is. I refer to the
fact that the northern States alone within the
last eight years paid in money into the Treas-
ury over six thousand millions, being more
than double the bonded debt of this country.
This I cite to show how wonderful are the
resources of this country ; and I ask how much
it would have been without the assistance of
the adopted citizen, or whether such a remark-
able instance of unmistakable wealth could
exist if immigration was checked or abated ?
Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Wisconsin
[Mr. Ei.dridqu] has so thoroughly shown up
the enormities of this bill that there is hardly
anything left for me to say, and were it not for
the great " cry" of "fraud and corruption" on
the part of my colleagues [Mr. Ward and Mr.
Davis] 1 would not have arisen in this debate.
My colleagues before they shouted so loudly
about fraud in our cities should have carefully
examined the records of their own party. They
should have washed their own dirty linen before
they undertook the task of washing ours. This
line of debate is very distasteful to me; but if
driven into it, it is due to the truth of history
that all the facts should be known. Why, the
first frauds in issuing fraudulent naturalization
papers ever committed in our cities were per-
petrated by the Republican party.
In New Yorkin 1864the Republicans caused
to be counterfeited the seal of one of our city
courts, and forged the name of the clerk. This
was done by a man named Rosenburgh, who
had his headquarters in an office in Center
street, hired and paid for by the Republican
general committee of the city of New York.
The parties engaged in this great crime were
arrested under the United States laws, brought
before the United States courts, but no attempt
was made to convict them by a United States
district attorney. The proceedings in the case
of Van Wyck against, Greene, reported by the
election committee to this House two months
ago in that contested-election case, show that
a gang of the Republican followers of Mr.
Van WrcK visited the same office, in the city
of New York, as late as the month of October,
1868, and there found a gang of Republican
politicians forging naturalization papers and
selling them to Republican voters for two dol-
lars a head. And two Republican witnesses
examined before that committee swore that
such fraudulent papers were there obtained.
Such proceedings also show, and every mem-
ber of this House has access to them and can
read the evidence for himself, that fraudulent
naturalization papers were obtained in anjr
quantity from the Republican county clerk of
Dutchess county, New York, in September,
1868, and furnished to Republican voters all
over the surrounding country, when there had
been no term of the supreme court held in that
county at which such naturalization certificates
purported to have been issued.
In the city of Brooklyn, in the year 1855, a
Republican officer and deputy clerk of the
Republican city court carried around natural-
ization papers signed in blank and sold them
at the rate of fifty cents a apiece. Now, as to
the charge of repeaters.
The Republican party, in a recent quarrel
between factions in the city of New York, can-
vassed the city for Republican voters, and
found, on a careful canvass by one of its gen-
eral committees, the Twenty-third street or-
ganization, but about thirteen thousand Repub-
licans residing in that city who had a right to
vote. If such is the fact, then the Republican
party last fall in that city alone colonized over
twenty-five thousand votes, as their vote polled
for State officers was over thirty-eight thousand
votes.
This is repeating upon as extensive a scale
as they did in 1864 to elect Abraham Lincoln.
Itis equal to any of the eminentelection frauds
in 1864 in the West—in Ohio, Indiana, and
Michigan—where drunken soldiers wandered
from poll to poll, voting as often as they pleased
the Republican ticket. In the city of Indian-
apolis the vote polled there that year exceeded
the entire population of the city.
The first wholesale buying and importing of
voters in our State took place in the city of
New York in the fall of 1888. Hon. Moses H.
Qrmnell, the present Republican collector of
New York, was at its head. Voters were
imported from Philadelphia by the hundred
by James B. Glentworth, with money furnished
him by Grinnell, who was elected by such
fraudulent votes to Congress. The next glar-
ing instance of political corruption iii which
Hon. Moses H. Grinnell, General Grant's col-
lector of revenue of the city of New York,
figures I will now read in the graphic lan-
guage of Hon. Thurlow Weed, one of the chief
actors. I find it in his reminiscences, pub-
lished in the New York Commercial Adver-
tiser, a Republican paper:
" Secret Political History—An Incident in Mr. Tkur-
Imo Weed's Career—How the Complexion of the State
Senate was Changed—A Well-kept Secret MevealeU.
" The following curious and interesting narrative
from i\lr. I'liurlow Weed's Autobiography relates to
an election which cxerciscd no small influence on
tho public events of tho day:
''Unusual interest was given to the political cam-
paign of 1839 by the great solicitude of the banking
interests of the city of New York to olect a Senate
which, while bitting as a court for tho correction of
errors, would maintain tho constitutionality ot tho
general banking law. It was known that the polit-
ical complexion of the Senate would bo determined
by tho result in tho third (Albany) district, where
throe Senators were to be chosen. The district had
theretofore been Democratic, but we had for two or
three years been diminishing tho majority against
us, and on this occasion had determined to make a
very spirited canvass. A week before the election I
became satisfied that tho chances of success were
against us, and so reported to my political friends in
Now York. This stimulated them to renewed efforts.
On the Saturday morning previous to the election
some Whig merchants and bankers mot hastily, and
appointed a committee to visit Albany. On Sunday
morning early, while dressing, I was summoned to
the Jjlaglo Hotel, where X found in tho parlor Messrs.
Robert B. Minturn, Moses II. (irinnell, Simeon Dra-
per, It. M. Blatchford, and James Boweu. They had
arrived about daylight in the steamboat Columbia,
specially chartered by them. They took a large ban-
dana handkerchief irom a trunk, which they opened
and spread upon a center-table. It contained pack-
ages of bank notes ot various denominations, amount-
ing to $8,(WO. My friends remarked that no possible
effort must bosparod to carry the district, and desired
me to take as much of this fund as eould bo advan-
tageously disbursed, adding that if more were needed
they would draw cheeks for it.
" The election was to commence on Monday morn-
ing and to terminate oh Wednesday evening. 1
informed them that it would bo quite impossible in
so short a time to use any such amount of money,
and after explaining what I thought might be^ac-
complished in tho brief interval betore tho election,
took iiS.OOO, fel.500 of which was immediately dis-
patched by messengers to Columbia, Greene, Dela-
ware, and Kensselaer counties; $1,500 was reserved
for Albany.
"A question of much embarrassment occurred to
us, namely, how the unusual circumstance of tae
arrival of a strange steamer eould be explained
without exciting suspicions as to the real object of
its visit. Governor Seward was sent for and joined
m the consultation. It was decided thatall thcNow
York gentlemen named, with one exception, should
remain incognito at the hotel. Mr. Minium, whoso
father-in-law, Judge Wendell, resided in Albany,
went to his relative's house and irom thence to
church. Still we were very apprehensive that the
Argus might get some inkling or clue to the business
on hand, and this, we knew, would have been fatal
to our plans. So it was arranged that George W.
Daily, then known as an efficient lighting Whig at
the polls, should seo 'Abe Vanderzee,' ajourneyman
in the Argus office, and a Democratic pugilist.
" Except when excited at the polls these two
men were friends, though one was a zealous Whig
and tho other an equally enthusiastic Democrat.
Daily took Vanderzee a stroll along the dneks, and
said to him, with apparent surprise, Here is a
strange steamer I what can she have come to Albany
for?' They made inquiry, and found that she had
arrived there at daylight without passengers, ana
without apparent object. Daily said, Well,, never
mind; I w ill lind out in tbo course of the day wl at
this means. There is a nigger m the fence some
where." After dropping into a grocery or two
'smiling' once or twice, tney separated. Darly m
dentallTleU i^wi'th Tb<£ and told him he had' found
S.° SXktftfew Y erk
