1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1451
that he wants some $80,000 to repair your
tirst class marine hospitals. He says that,
o iii£ to a mistaken economy, they have beeu
showed to get out of repair. My judgment is,
Mr. President, that true economy requires that
we should either sink the mariue hospitals,
evert one of them, or sell them. If there has
been any one inexcusable, intolerable abuse
•n ibe public expenditures of this country it
bus been in this matter of building marine
hospital". That work commenced, I think,
 Unit 1S30.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator will par-
don me oue moment, I will say that there were
great abuses which had crept into the marine
hospital system, and two or three years ago we
passed a bill compelling the sale of those hos-
pitals, which were very expensive. We found it
was cheaper to send the seamen to a tirst-class
hotel aiiu pay three or four or five dollars a day
thau to keep them at many of our hospitals.
Those abuses, however, have been already cut
ot!'. and we have been tryiug for years to brine
the hospital service into a shape where it will
be self-supporting. The opinion of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury and of the committee is
that if this bill passes it will effect that result.
\Ve have cut off all excrescences thus far.
Mr. HOWE. I understand that the Secre-
tary is of opinion that this will support the
fe&meu, but still he wants an appropriation to
repair the hospitals. My friend, the Senator
from Michigan, 1 think is slightly mistaken in
his estimate of the extent to which they have
gone in cutting off these abuses. I believe one
of the rankest abases in this direction is now
in the course of perpetration in Chicago. I
believe they are building a new hospital there.
They built one at a cost of something like one
hundred and thirty or one hundred and forty
thousand dollars some years ago. Chicago is
a very enterprising and thrifty town, and some
railroad company probably wanted a site for
a depot, or something of that kind ; and Con-
gress about that time came to the conclusion
that the hospital was not well located, and
a law was passed through here directing the
sale of that building ana the construction of
a new hospital, in the construction of which,
however, there was an express direction given
not to expend more than should be obtained
upon the sale of the old hospital. The old
hospital was sold; the new hospital is now in
Ccess of erection, and annually you hav'e
n making appropriations to finish the new
hospital. It is not finished yet, I believe. By
and by yon will have to make another appro- ;
priation to finish that. I think the work is to
cost somewhere from three to four hundred
thousand dollars when it is done. It was a
favorite mode of starting a new town in the
West, if it was anywhere on a stream or on a
good sized puddle, to get an appropriation for
a marine hospital. Latterly, it is true, as the
Senator from Michigan says, that these abases
are being checked. I noticed with extreme
satisfaction in the report of the supervising
architect of the Treasury Department last year
that one of your marine hospitals had been
damped into the Mississippi river, the hospital
at Napoleon. I discovered that you had built
a hospital at a place called Napoleon. I did
not know of any such place in our geography.
I could not find anybody that had ever seen it, ,
and I studied a long while before I conld find ,,
where it was, but it was on the Mississippi river; ii
and a year ago I believe the last of it went into
the river.
That was "a good thing," says the Senator
from Michigan. Yes, I think it is very much
to be regretted that more of them could not
go the way that went. But if the Senator has
his attention really directed to this subject
and will stick to it until we stop building ma-
rine hospitals, stop supporting marine hospi-
tals, stop repairing marine hospitals, stop
making appropriations to be squandered in the
support of your disabled seamen—and they
will take care of themselves if you will give
them a fair chance—if he will complete that
work he will do the country a service.
Mr. TKUMBULL. I do not know that there
is any objection to this bill. It may be a very
proper one; and I am inclined to thiuk it is,
trorn the letter of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, unless the tax imposed upon seamen is
too large. T inquired of the Senator from
Michigan, and he tolls me that they have here-
tofore paid twenty cents a month. It seems
that now we increase it threefold. That is a
considerable increase, going up from twenty to
sixty cents a month on each seaman. If it be
necessary, and the seamen make no complaint
at having that much taken from their compen-
sation for the benefit of the disabled and the
sick, I certainly have no objection to it.
I wanted, however, to say one word in reply
to the suggestion of the Senator from Wiscon-
sin, and I shall be very brief. I entirely agree
with him that the Government has acted very
improvidently in the construction of marine
hospitals at places where they were not wanted.
There was one built at Galena, in my State.
I think it took about one thousand dollars to
sustain each patient we had there. We had
to have as many nurses, physicians, and em-
ployes to take care of three or four patients
as would have been able, perhaps, to take care
of forty. It is only in the principal places that
1 think we are justified in constructing marine
hospitals; and there, I think, .it may be advis-
able to do it or to keep them up.
I understood the Senator from Wisconsin to
favor the discontinuance entirely of all marine
hospitals. I think that would be a mistake.
In large cities, where there are a hundred or
two hundred patients all the time, it may be
good policy to have a building where they can
be taken care of, and I think it is._
Mr. HOWE. There is no marine hospital
in New York city, and that is a pretty large
town.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is there no marine hos-
pital in New York where the sailors are taken
care of under the Government?
Mr. HOWE. There has been a building
rented there.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Whether it has been
built by the Government or not, there is a place
where the Government takes care of them. It
may be more desirable, perhaps, to rent a
building than to erect one, but I think not. I
think in a great city like New York it would
be more desirable to own a building than to
rent it. That, however, has nothing to do
with this bill. I only say that I should object
to the entire discontinuance of Government
hospitals.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move to amend the bill
by striking out the proposed tax of sixty cents
a month on the wages of seamen and inserting
forty. That is double the present tax. Sixty
cents a month on all the little coasting vessels
would be an onerous tax, and it ought not to
be imposed. It is more than they are called
upon to pay, and I do not think the Senate
should adopt the bill with that clause in it.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is in the hands of the
Senate. The Committee on Commerce were
of opinion that if the tax was made sixty cents
a month the service would be self-sustaining,
whereas if it is forty cents you will have to ap-
propriate a couple of hundred thousand dollars
a year out of the Treasury. I care not whether
it be forty or sixty cents, but the Senate will
understand that this amendment means an ap-
propriation of two hundred and twenty or two
hundred and thirty thousand dollars out of the
Treasury, if you reduce the tax from sixty to
forty cents. I am content with either.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope this amendment
will be agreed to. The merchant marine of the
country does other service than obtain private
profit for ship-owners, and to impose a tax on
the sailor boys large enough to support their
sick when they are disabled and make them
bear the whole expense of it is, in my opinion,
unjust. The Treasury ought to contribute a
;
reasonable share to the support of the disabled
sailors. It is a matter of Government concern.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will accept the amend-
ment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope the Senator from
Maine will change it so that it shall be "at the
rate of forty cents a month," instead of two
cents a day, as the bill now stands.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That will require a little
change of the phraseology.
Mr. HOWE. The amendment is accepted
by the Senator from Michigan. I am utterly
opposed to it. There is not a class of men in
the United States that you ought not to con-
tribute out of the Treasury to the support of
just as much as the seamen. The Secretary
of the Treasury tells you that with sixty cents
a month you can save the Treasury from mak-
ing appropriations. My constituents are as
much interested in this appropriation as the
constituents of my friend from Vermont—suffi-
ciently interested in it; not as much, though, as
those of the Senator from Maine. If anything
less than a majority of the people of Wisconsin
were interested in increasing this appropriation
I would oppose it. I think if two thirds of
them were I should ; but I do not want to state
that with entire confidence, though such is my
impression. As the matter is I am opposed
to this tax or deduction being left below the
sum which will make the service self-sustaining.
Mr. CHANDLER. So am I.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us try it, and see
how much it will amount to for a year.
Mr. CHANDLER. I should prefer to pass
the bill as it is, and make the service self-sus-
taining; but, as I said before, if the Senate
prefer to appropriate two hundred and twenty
or two hundred and thirty thousand dollars
from the Treasury, be it so. Michigan has
more sailors than any other State, except it is
the State of Maine.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator from Vermont
suggests that we try it at forty cents this year.
The Senator from Michigan tells you just what
the trial will be this year.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No man can tell.
Mr. HOWE. He tells you just what the
trial will be, because if you pass the bill as it
is reported the Treasury will not ask you for
an appropriation. Pass it as the amendment
proposes, and the Treasury will ask you for an
appropriation, and vou have got to make it,
ana I will give gooa bonds they will spend it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I should like to have a
vote on this question. I said I would accept
the amendment; but I should like a vote and
see whether the view of the Senate is that this
rate should be forty or sixty cents a month.
At sixty the service is self-sustaining; at forty
it is not.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont, in the eighth line of the first section
to strike out "two cents per day" and insert
"forty cents per month," and to make the
corresponding changes in the proper places at
other parts of the bul.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have been familiar with
this subject for a great many years. I think
there is a great deal in the suggestions that
have been made by the Senator from Illinois;
they are worthy certainly of our candid con-
sideration ; I think, of our approval. The dif-
ficulty in the whole system has arisen from a
single cause, and that cause is one which arose
in the western part of the country. I opposed
it as earnestly as I knew how, but I failed.
The difficulty has arisen in the expenditure of
this money in consequence of the erection of a
large number of hospitals at points where there
are no patients. You establish a hospital at a
locality where it has but a dozen patients in a
year and it becomes expensive. I believe, as
much as I believe in anything that is not
palpable to the eye or mathematically demon-
strated, that to-day the whole hospital service
of the Government can be supported at twenty
cents a month paid by the sailors.
