438
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
[June 7,
Ho. op Reps.
Currency Bill—Mr. Cox.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
In the Senate bill, section four provides for
a new currency; so does section seven of our
bill. It is called "gold notes." We have
already four legal currencies:
1. Gold amounting to $150,000,000
2. Gold notes  40,000,000
3. Greenbacks    056,000,000
Fractional  40.000 000
i. National bank notes  300,000,000
Total 5886,000,000
All the above is used in trade, or in paying
duties and the interest upon the national debt.
The bill under consideration provides for a
description of currency heretofore unknown in
this or probably any other country :
1. In that it establishes a national system of
free banking.
2. That it is unlimited in extent, since the
Treasury of the United States must issue notes
to the extent of eighty per cent, upon any
amount of bonds that may be deposited by any
company.
3. That while all the notes of the Govern-
ment, except the gold notes, which are merely
receipts for gold deposited, promise only paper
in payment these promise gold.
4. That the Government guaranties that all
the notes issued by these banks shall be paid in
gold on demand, while it permits these banks
to issue four dollars of its promises to every
one dollar required to be held in gold.
5. That, these notes form a mixed currency,
which will, from its very nature, be constantly
fluctuating in quantity, and, like the mixed
currency existing before the war, be liable to
cause great revulsions in the currency and
business of the country.
G. That the issue of such notes will expand
the present currency to an indefinite and un-
known extent, making the general circulation
still moije redundant than it now is; for so far
as (he laV is concerned, these banks may issue
any amount they can succeed in getting out
upon the indorsement of the Government, be
it one hundred or one thousand millions.
To this new currency I object, then, bceausc
it would introduce an incongruous element into
our present, monetary system. These banks
must and will, if they mean to make any profit
by their peculiar system of banking, issue a
much larger amount of notes than they hold
of coin; and also they will create deposits ill
the same manner as other banks.
Suppose these banks, then, get a circulation
of $150,000,000, and deposits as large in pro-
portion as the present national banks, which
are one hundred and sixty seven per cent, on
their circulation, they would have $400,000,000
of indebtedness, all payable in coin on demand,
the Government guarantying the payment of
all the notes, hut not of the deposits. What
would be the result in case of a panic or any
suspicion of the solvency of these banks?
Evidently the depositors having no security
whatever except the ability of the banks would
commence at once to draw out their deposits
in gold. But as the banks would owe on de-
mand $400,000,000, that is, for circulation and
deposits, while according to law they need to
hold for all this indebtedness only $37,500,000
of coin—twenty-live percent, on their circula-
tion—it would be quite impossible for them to
meet iheir engagements for a week, if even for
a single day. Such is unquestionably the char-
acter of the new coin currency. That it will
introduce an explosive element into the whole
currency system of the nation is certain.
It is not a sufficient reply to this to say that
these new banks will not extend their oper-
ations to the amount we have named; it is
enough for us to know that the power is granted
to do it, and even more. We cannot safely
assume how much or how little the new banks
can get out of coin notes under the guarantee
of the Government. Without supposing any
extraordinary pressure or panic we can see
what a pernicious influence these banks must
exertuponthe business interests of thecountry.
As things now are, our circulating currency
is a fixed quantity; it is neither increased nor
diminished by the operations of commerce or
the laws of trade; but with the introduction
of these coin notes all this will be changed.
If elasticity be an advantage, is it compen-
sated for by what I shall hereafter show ?
Sustained by only twenty-five per cent, of spe-
cie four dollars of these notes must be taken
in for every one dollar in gold paid out, and
the banks will be compelled, in case of any
call for gold, to withdraw their notes from use
as fast as possible. Speculators will under-
stand this fact, and will not be slow to avail
themselves of the advantage it will give them.
If they desire to raise the gold premium they
have only to get hold of these notes and de-
mand payment. For every dollar of these they
can command they can contract the gold mar-
ket to the extent of four dollars. Their power
for operations will thus far be quadrupled ;
and if this kind of banks should become so
numerous that a large amount of this currency
is found in circulation they will be able to keep
the gold market in a state of far greater per-
turbation than it has ever yet been, and conse-
quently their chance for profitable corners will
be better than ever before.
Another consideration is that the notes issued
by these banks will circulate mainly in the cities
and large commercial centers. They will not be
wanted or used in the country, unless it be in
the gold-producing States; consequently they
will be always liable to a speedy demand for
redemption in case of any gold movement. It
has been urged that this issue of coin notes is
demanded by California and the gold-produc-
ing States, since they do not use greenbacks, and
gold is inconvenient as a circulating medium.
This we cannot believe to be true, because such
a circulation is forbidden in the most explicit
and positive terms by the constitution of Cali-
fornia, and cannot bo introduced there except
in utter defiance of the fundamental law of the
State. Besides, if Californiaus or any others
engaged in mining the precious metals wish for
a paper circulation, the treasury at San Fran-
cisco will issue any amount of its circulating
certificates or gold notes in exchange for their
gold deposits, and the people cau be thus sup-
plied to the full extent of their wishes ; so that
there is not the slightest excuse for the issue
of coin notes by the banks arising from any
necessity in California. And further, there is
not only no necessity for the issue, but it is
directly and absolutely against the interests of
all producers of gold, because every issue of
substitutes for gold as currency reduces its value.
Those engaged in mining have suffered greatly
from the issue of paper substitutes, both in this
country and Europe. Every extension of such
issues depreciates the value of gold that is,
raises the prices of all property for which the
gold is exchanged. California has already suf-
fered to the extent of many millions frotn this
cause. The very last persons who can ration-
ally desire the issue of fictitious money are
those engaged in producing the genuine arti-
cle. And here allow me to introduce a letter
from a distinguished gentleman and banker in
California, dated " San Francisco, February
23, 1870:"
"Your esteemed favor of 10th February is at hand,
for which I am much obliged. The Senate bill
which authorizes such a deluge of banks will be
fraught with infinite mischief to the body-politic
it it becomes thelaw of the tand. You have lightly
characterized it as a 'most shameful measure.'
While the nation was struggling under the weight
ot responsibility, in waging war Jor its existence,
measures were tolerated which even then seemed to
be vast stretches of power. But in times of peace
wc have no excuse lor such legislative usurpations.
The principles of truth, equity, and justice cannot
be trampled upon by a nation any more than an in-
dividual without certain retribution. You inquire
whether Californians desire such legislation by the
Federal Government. I say unhesitatingly the in-
telligent and honest portion of our citizens do not
desire it. The vast majority do notdesire it. There
is, however, a reckless, irresponsible, and turbulent
set among us, as you find in all parts of the country,
who are ready to favor any measure that they suppose
may bring them oven temporary aid. We have spec-
ulators, rings, gamblers, and idlers, who are ready to
shout for anything in the form of change.
"Fortunately, ho wever.forC-'i ifornia, her currency
cannot be changed unless a majority of her citizens
desire it. Herconstitution positively forbids apaper
currency. Sho has been taken into the Union by
Congress with this constitution, and Congress has
approved of this constitution, by her admission as a
State, alter a careful consideration of the same.
"Congress cannot amend this constitution. It is
the work of the people of California. The present
Legislature is two thirds Democratic, and hatd cur-
rency by a greater majority even than the Demo-
cratic majority. It would take four years to amend
the constitution even if the people wished to do it.
Once in awhile there is an ec.-entric genius comes
along, like George Francis Tram, and tries to per-
suade the people that they are all wrong iu measur-
ing their values by the gold dollar, worth one hun-
dred cents.
" The decision of the Supreme Court of the United
States, holding that contracts made payable ingold
coin of our mints are legal contracts, and can be en-
forced according to their tenor in courts of law, most
thoroughly supports our 'specific contract law.'and
will insure us a gold currency even if the constitu-
tion of California should be so amended as to allow
a swarm of these hybrid paper-money makers to
fasten their talons among our business men. They
have had one of the national banks in Nevada, but
that is now cIomii^ up its business. Wc are only
twenty-one years old. arid Ihe population of San
Francisco is estimated at one bundled and seventy
thonsand. l>ut tor our specific contract law wo
should have been floundering in all the troubles and
bankruptcies of theStates eastof the Rooky mount-
ains. We have passed through the war on the gold
basis, and instead of liuding fault with us for it, the
nation should bo proud that tbero is one bright spot
that passed through such a fearful contest and pre-
served her honorandliercurrencyuntarnished. Wo
have the best currency on the face of the earth, and
it would be consummate folly to change it for one
of the worst. You say truly, ' every dollar of paper
substituted for gold as currency reduces the value
of the real sold.' This is true as can be, and yot
but an infinitesimal small fraction of our people,
even of those who pretend to have given attention
to the principles of finance, are able to undei stand it.
It is this principle which renders it wholly improper
to allow banks to issue notes for currency, even
though they might by charter be bound to keep on
hand dollar for dollar in coin for such issues. They
would abuse the privilege and issue both p-iper and
gold, being stimulated by the passion of avarice.
But when the gold is in the United States Treasury
no sueh duplicate use can be made of the money.
The only question then remaining is as to the hon-
esty of the guardians ot the Treasury. While they
arc honest all would bo well, but if they are dishon-
est I see no way but to come to the gold standard at
once. I hope most sincerely, for the good of tho
country, the Senate bill will not pass."
REDISTRIBUTION.
To the seventh section of this bill there is no
reasonable objection. It seems to recognize
the fact that no more than $?00,000,000 of
national bank currency should be issued ; but
as some States have an amount in excess of
their share instead of an increased issue, a
redistribution should be made, those having
an excess giving up a share to those who are
deficient.
This is what should be done, and the only
objection in the present case is that by this
bill the amount to be distributed is limited to
$25,000,000, while it should contemplate a
general and equitable division of the whole
$300,000,000. since not more than $300,000,000
of bank currency can be maintained at par with
gold when the greenbacks are withdrawn.
The general effects of the redistribution of the
bank circulation would be that those States
which gave it up would get a larger amount of
actual reliable capital in exchange for mere
bank credits, while those who received the cir-
culation would be obliged to part with a larger
amount of real capital for the sake of a bank
creditcirculation. To the business public who
gave up there would be a gain, to those who
received the circulation there would be a loss
of actual reliable capital.
This general redistribution should be made—
1. Because it would be an act of justice.
The present inequality is a flagrant wrong,
