THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
hudbeon destroyed, and some flour speculators had
chartered the boat to come to Albany, and had, im-
mediately upon their arrival, started oil' in different
directions to buy up flour, so as to secure a monopoly.
"Meantime, the steamer dropped down to Van
Wie>'s Point. At sundown the Hew York gentlemen
were driven to that place inclose carnages, taken
on board and returned to ISfew York in safety.
"That dayand most of tho night were spent in active
preparations lor the next three days' battle, Spring-
stcd; Beardslcy, and Vau Sehaick were hastily dis-
patched to the country towns with additional' mate-
rial aid.' GbW. Daily, JULY.Webb,Sam strong,Bob
Cheesf)ro, John Koss, &c., were to organise a phys-
ical force sufficient to clear a parage to tho polls.
Chauncey Dexter, Stillmah Witt,(then an employe
of-the people's Line of steamboats, now an Ohio
millionaire] liana. Valkcnburg, James Weldon, Torn
Hilsoh,"(now in the custom-house,) Provost Vcsey,
thfe brothers Young, &c., were to look after the canal
boatmen. ■ The brothers Benedict, f. N. Oomstock,
(uow iii the appraiser's ofiice,) Drs. Kane and txrant,
the Fredenrichs, <fcc., were to look attcr thc'dnlt'
voters in the Texas portion of the ninth and tenth
■wards. George Ouyler anil others of his tact and
vigilance were to act as challengers. Capta111 L. W.
Brainard,(now in tho custom-house.) Itut'us lllioades,
and Tommy Cowcll were to bung all tho Whig steam-
boat and sloop hands from New York and alongshore
between New York and Albany. David Nelligan,
JUiko Clark, Pat Murphy, and Michael O'Sullivan,
(then a Catholic school teacher, alterward a Union
officer through tho rebellion,) wero to look after the
'few and far botween' Irish voters. Tom Kirkpat-
rick and Hugh J. Hastings were to 'swing round'
the various polls and ascertain where screws were
looso or machinery required oiling.
"The flour ' blind' served to bridge over the dan-
ger for one day, Monday morning's Argus appearing,
to our great. relief, without any reference to the ar-
rival of tho steamer, The mail of that day brought
news from England by the Cheat Western, announc-
ing, among other things, tho arrival, late on Satur-
day night, of over two million dollars 'for British
service in Canada.' In this circumstance the Argus
was convinced that it had discovered the whole se-
cret of tho sudden appoaranec of tho Columbia, and
on Tuesday morning it contained the following edi-
torial :
" 'A Mystery, and j(n Explanation.—Our city was not
a liti Jo oxcited on Sunday by the mysterious arrival,
about noon, of tho steamboat Columbia, from New
York, which place she left at twelve the previous
night, with only four or fivo persons on boaul, 0110
of whom starlet! express to tho ;N ort.li, and tho others
relumed ill the Columbiaat two p. in. All the after-
noon groups were inquiring " What's in the wind ?"
Numerous wore the conjectures and rumors and sur-
mises which the quid miikv started to solvo the mys-
tery.
" 'The explanation doubtless is, that as tho Great
Westorn brought over two million dollars for Can-
ada, preparatory to tho resumption <>t' spoclo pay-
ments by the provincial banks, an agent was dis-
patched express to advise of its arrival; and asthcro
js no day boat ou Sunday, and as tho loss of a day
would have ensued by waiting until tho afternoon
of tha.tday, the Columbia was dispatched specially
l'or tho purpose.'
" The election occupied throe days of extraordinary
interest and excitement, each party doing its utmost.
A great deal of bitter teoling was necessarily pro-
voked on the other side by our boldness and con-
fidence. The result was a signal triumph, our three
Senators—Erastus Hoot, Friond Humphrey, and
Mitchell Sanford—being chosen by an average ma-
jority of one hundred and thirty-thrco. General
Koot, however, had a narrow escape, obnoxious as he
was to the extreme Abolitionists. IIo was elected by
a majority of only two. This victory changed, as
was anticipated, tho political character of tho Senate,
giving elfert to the nomination of Governor Seward,
sustaining tho general banking law, and upholding
the canal policy of tho Whig party.
" Thus a memorable coup completely revo-
lutionizing the State, was effected on the very vcigo
of the eloction by the thoughtiuliicss and liberality
of afew zealous politicians in the city of Now York.
The secret was well kept, lor milij now no whisper
of it has ever been heard.
"It may bo added that soon after this event Van-
deree became a Whig, and, hko Daily and a battal-
ion ut other stalwart fellows, remained faithful
during their lives. Vanderzoe was well known and
well thought of tor twenty years, and until Ilia death
at Quarantine, Staten Island. Daily served gal-
.f'Jn the war, under General Bowen.
Ihe gratification experienced -it the time by our
political friends in New York may bo judged by the
following short extracts of letters from II. M. Blateh-
ford:
November 8. After our sad disaster here, your
good news is cbcernig beyond measure. I thank vou
trom the bottom ot my heart l'or all that you and
your good friends have accomplished throughout
Uichtuto " * * " .'You never witnessed
such wild exultation as there is hero to-day '
"Again:
" 'November 11.—Fairly afloat ot last, friend Weed.
It is a triumph indeed. I want words to express my
joyful feelings. The dismay of our enemies is
dreadful.' * • •• * 'It is you who have
saved the State.'"
In 18G1 a Republican Governor of the State
of New York, Hon. Reuben E. Fenton, was
; elected by simply withholding Democratic sol-
. .fliers' votesiu the New Fork post office. They
were withheld from the 3d until the 9th of
November, the election taking place on the 5th
of that month. Several thousand of them that
had been stamped were restaraped, the figure
9 was stamped over the figure 3, and sent to
their destination after tho election.
Why, Mr. Speaker, the leaders of the Repub-
lican party in the State of New York are bought
and sold like sheep ill the shambles. I make
honorable exceptions, of course. In proof of
ray assertion I offer the files of the New York
Tribune for the last two years. Over and over
again Mr. Greeley charges the leaders of that
party in our State Legislature in selling out its
principlesfor money. Thirteen senatorsoutof
fourteen were purchased. There has not been
a Republican United States Senator elected
in our State for a dozen years past unless by
money. The biggest purse always won. All
must remember the Morgan and Fentoji con-
test. My colleague [Mr. Davis] was present at
Albany at the time, and I ask him whether such
open traffic of legislators was not a disgrace to
a free Government?
But, Mr. Speaker, in speaking of the influence
of mouey upon officials we have a bright and
shining example near us. Look at the other
end of Pennsylvania avenue ; the President of
the United Slates, the head of the Republican
party. Look at the first chosen Cabinet officers
of General Grant; almost every man appointed
had given money to General Grant, directly or
indirectly. A.T.Stewart,Secretaryol'theTreas-
ury, gave $10,000; Washburne, Secretary of
State, had been instrumental in raising money
to purchase General Grant a house in Galena;
Bone, Seeietary of Navy, had given $10,000
towardbuyinghousesfor General Grant; Hoar,
the Attorney General, gave him a library ; ex-
Governor Fish, of New York, the present Sec-
retary of State, had contributed $5,000 toward
General Grant's houses ; Moses LI. Grinnell,
the collector of the port of New York, the most
lucrative position in the United States, was a
large contributor toward General Grant's
houses. These facts are all well known, and
are a part of the political history of this Ad-
ministration, and it illy becomes its supporters
to charge fraud and corruption upon the De-
mocracy.
Mr. LAWRENCE and Mr. MUNGEN ob
tained leave to have printed, as a part of the
debates, remarks on the pending bill. [See
Appendix.]
Mr. I'TISKELNBURG. I now yield two
minutes to the gentleman from Texas, [Mr.
DEGliNEll.]
JMr. DBGENER. Mr. Speaker, I regret
exceedingly that this bill should have come
from our side of the House, because it gives
gentlemen on the other a splendid opportunity
to make campaign capital. I consider that in
reality, as the battle now stands, the Demo-
crats have got the best of us, because they will
receive all the credit for what one halt' of the
Republicans have said against the bill. Under
these circumstances, I had intended to move
to lay the bill on the table, in order to show
how little I sympathize with the measure; but
in deference to the wishes of other gentlemen
I refrain from making that motion, and yield
the floor.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. To show that I am
more generous toward the gentleman from New
York |_Mr. Davis] than he was disposed to be
toward me, 1 return the floor to him without
allowing any motion to lay ou tho table to be
! made.
i Mr. DAVIS. I give notice that imraedi-
j at.eiy alter the reading of tho Journal to-mor-
| row I shall move the previous question on this
bill. I now move that the House adjourn.
Mr. COX. I move to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman will agree
to take the vote without debate, after the read-
ing of the Journal, I will make no opposition
myself.
Mr, DAVIS. I cannot agree to that.
Mr. DAWES. Then I hope the House will
not adjourn until the bill is disposed of to-
night. If the gentleman moves the previous
questionto-morrowmormnghewill then speak
an hour, and we shall afterward have votes on
the amendments and oti the bill, and then a
morning hour, when the whole day will be
gone, so that this subject will have consumed
two days, when they said they only wanted
two and a half hours.
Mr. COX and Mr. JUDD moved that the
bill be laid ou the table.
Mr. WALtD moved that the House do now
adjourn.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
G4, noes 75.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. COX. I demand the yeas and nays on
the motion to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. DAVIS. I rise to inquire whether this
bill could not be recommitted ?
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous con-
sent during the pendency of the motion to lay
on the table.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the
motion to lay ou the table.
Mr. WARD. I move that the House do now
adjourn; and on that motion demand the yeas
and nays, and tellers oil the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered, and the yeas and
nays were not ordered.
The motion was disagreed to.
The question next reenrred on the motion
to lay the bill on the table.
The question was then taken; and it was
decidcd in the affirmative—yeas 102, nays 02,
not voting 60 ; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ambler, Archer,
Asper, Atwood, Axteli, Barry, Beatty, Beck, Bird,
Booker, George M. Brooks, James Brooks, Bar-
chard, Burdett, Burr, Calkin, Sidney Clarko, Cleve-
land, Coburn, Conger, Conner, Cox, Crebs, Cnilom,
Davis, Degcner, Dox.Dyer. lildritlge. Pinkelnburg,
Pitch, Vox, Getz, Gibson, (Jriswold, llaight, Halde-
man, Hamblcton, Haunll, Harris, Hawkins, Uaw-
ley.llav, Ileflin, llill, llolman, Johnson, Judd, Kel-
logg, Kerr, Knott, Lawrence, Lewis, Logan, Mar-
shall, Mayhain, MeCormiek McNeely, Milnes, Bli-
akim II.Moore, Jesse I£. Moore,Morgan, Morrisscy,
Munsen. N ewsham, Niblack, Orth. Packard, Pot-
ter, ltandall, Reeves, Eice, Rogers, Sargent, Sawyer,
Sctiuniaker,f Scolield, Lionel A. Sheldon, Shober,
John A.Smith, Joseph S. Smith, Stevenson, Stiles,
Strader, Swann, Sweeney, Taffe, Trimble, Tyner,
Upson, Van Auken, William B. Washburn, Welker,
Wolfs.Wilkinson, flugene M. Wilson, John T. Wil-
son, Winchester, Wood, and Woodward—102.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Armstrong, Arnoll, Ayer,
Bailey, Banks Benjamin, Benton. Bingham, Blair,
Boles, Buck, Buckley, Buffinton, Roderick It. But-
ler, Cessna, Churchill, Amasa Cobb, Cook, Cowles,
Dawes, Dickey, Dixon, Donley, Pernss, Garfield,
Giltiilau, Hale, Ifoar, Kelley, Itetchani. Knapp,
Laflin, Maynard, McCarthy, McUrew, McKenzie,
Mercur. Morphis, Daniel J. Morrell, Myers. Neg-
loy, O'Neill, Packer, Palmer, Peek, Piatt, Porter,
Prossor, Hoots, Wiltmm J.Smith,Stoughton, Strick-
land, Tanner, Taylor, Tillman, Townsend, Twichcll,
Van Ilorn. Warcl, Whitmore, and Winans—62.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Bainum, Beanian, Ben-
nett, Biggs, Bowen, Boyd, Benjamin P. Butler,
Cake, William X. Clark, Clinton L. Cobb, Covode,
Dickinson, Dockcry, Duval, Jila, Farnsworth, Perry,
Pisher, Hamilton, Hays, lleaton, llogc, Hooper,
llotchkiss, Ingersoil, Jenckes. Alexander II. Jones,
JL'homasL. Jones, Juliau, Kelsey, Lash, Loughritlge,
Lynch, McCrary, Mclvee, William iloore, Samuel
P. Morrill, Paine, Perce, Peters, Phelps, Poland,
l'omeroy, Itidgway, Sauford, Schenck, Shanks, Por-
ter_ Sheldon, Sherrod, Slocum, Worthirigton C.
Smith, William Smyth, Starkweather, Stevens,
Stokes, Stone, Strong, Van Trump, Van Wvck,
Voorhees, Wallace, Cauwalader C. Washburn,
Wheeler, H'iilar'l, William;-, and Witcher—6(i.
So the bill was laid ou the table.
During the vole,
Mr. NIBLACK stated that Mr. Vax Trump
was absent on account of sickness, and that if
he were present he would have voted in the
affirmative.
The vole was then announced as above
recorded.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was laid upon the table.
Mr. SARGliNT. 1 move that that motion
be laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
is not debatable.
leave ok absence.
Mr. WELKER, by unanimous consent, was
