1452
THE OOJSTGRESSIOFAL GLOBE.
February 21,
The remedy if gentlemen want to seek it, ia
my judgment, is just is that direction. Abol-
ish all the hospitals that have no patients.
But, with the Senator from Illinois, I say. it is
of the highest importance that there should be
at the large commercial points places where
these men can be cared for. It is said thai
you have no marine hospital in-New York.
Well, technically you have not; but you rent
a building there which is suitable for the pur-,
pose, while in smaller places distant and
remote from New York, where there are num-
bers of seamen who cannot reach that city,
you cannot find the proper buildings to rent;
and hence must erect them.
A few hospitals along our coast to take
charge of the most improvident class of men
that ever trod the earth are as necessary, in
my judgment, as can be anything under the
Government. They are improvident; they ex-
pend all their means. After a long voyage of
months or years they go ashore and have their
frolic. They bear your flag upon every sea.
They are, in a sense, representatives of our
commercial interests. They have been always
treated somewhat as the wards of a kind
Government, and they are a class that vast
receive that treatment. It is very proper to
have hospitals where they can be treated for
the diseases peculiar to the men as a class.
They contributed the little sum exacted of
tlieui until there was an accumulation from it ^
in the Treasury; but then all along through'
the westeinconntry where you had compara-
tively #o sailors you sought, against my most
strenuous exertions, to erect little hospitals
where you had no patients, but you incurred
expease. There ia where the difficulty comes
from and not from your sailors.
Now, I ask the Seaste, in the name of
Heaven, not to impose a triple taxes them, I
say twenty cents a month on a sailor is a most
generous contribution for all the Government
has done, Thes, again, I j.Oin most cordially
in what my friend (row Vermont says, that it
is most eminently justasd proper that the Gov-
ernment should contribute.a small son). But
the Senator from Michigan, surely not,with his
usual accuracy, says that calls for an appropri-
ation of $200,000. No such thing, by his own
figures; because he says eighty-odd thousand
dollars are contributed under the- twenty cent
tax, does he qat? Then it is only $80,000 if
you take off one third of the amount named in
the bill, instead of $200,Q00. The Department
shows you precisely how much you get an-
nually; I tht.ok the Senator read that it was a
little more than eighty thousand dollars. The
bill proposes to triplicate it, and now we ask
you to take off one third of that sum. Is that
$200,000? Not at all. The Senator stated it
at$${J,QQ0. I take his statetnentfor th$ reason
that I had not recently examined the subject.
Formerly it was very familiar to me.
Mr, CHANDLER. The estimated receipts,
I will state to the Senator, are $648.,000 at two
ceats a day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then twenty cents a
month will give $216,QQ0,
Mr. HAMLIN. But the Senator from MiqV
igan stated befofe thatthe receipts last year, as
I understood, ware ow eighty thousand dollars.
Mr. CHANDLER. I did not make
that statement.
Mr. HAMLIN. I bo understood the Senator.
Of oonrse I was mistaken.
Mr. CHANDLER. I did not state itt because
I did sot know, I will find out what the receipts
were.
; Mr- HAMLIN, What was the expenditure
of the Department last year?
Mr. CHANDLER, Six hundred and ninety-
three thousand dollars, moluding deficiencies.
Mr. HAMLIN- Part of that was by an
appropriation. What part was from the fuqd
secured bv the twenty cents a month tax ?
Mr. CHANDLER. That I cannot answer.
Mr. HOWE. The appropriation, I think,
was $150,000.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Department asked
$300,000 last year.
Mr. TRUMBULL. How much was appro-
priated?
Mr. CHANDLER. One hundred thousand
dollars, and the deficiency was $175,000.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How much of that was
for supporting the system ; and how much for
incidental expenses, repairing buildings, and
for paying officers, &e. ?
Mr. CHANDLER. That I cannot answer.
Mr, HAMLIN, If the Senator will state pre-
cisely what is the amount secured by the twenty
cents a month I think we can arrive at a safe
and accurate conclusion,
Mr. CHANDLER. I can give the Senator
that information. It would be one third of
$048,000, for that is the amount estimated.
Two hundred and sixteen thousand dollars
must be the amount.
Mr. HAMLIN. That is the amount of
receipts from the twenty cent tax. Out of this
fund expended comes not only what is paid for
the care of the seamen, but comes also that
which has been expended upon the buildings
and the creation 
Mr. HOWE. Not at all; those are separate
appropriations, made by themselves.
Mr. HAMLIN. Out, of that comes, however,
all that is paid for the charge and expenditure
of the hospitals.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes; and out of that
comes this extravagant expense of supporting
patients, at perhaps a thousand dollars a year
each, where there are not more than half a
dozen.
Mr. HAMLIN. I comprehend precisely
how that is done, because there are no patients
there. You reduce the expense fifty per cent,
by adding a single patient.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator will pardon
me for suggesting that we passed a law two or
three years ago requiring the Secretary of the
Treasury to sell every marjne hospital in the
United States where the average number of
patients was not twenty during the year round.
We have ordered the sale of every aueh hos-
pital. Whether it has been done in every case
I cannot say-
Mr. HAMLIN. If the Senator will take
pains to inquire, he will find that they are
dotted all over the country where they have
not got five patients a day. ,
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator is mis-
Mr. HAMLIN. I think not.
Mr. CHANDLER. We excepted the hos-
pital at Portland, Maine, which is the only one
where they did not average twenty a day. We
did that at the request and solicitation of the
Senator'8 illustrious predecessor,now deceased;
and that is the only exception we made.
Mr. HAMLIN. Well, Mr. President, I have
nothing further to say. I express the hope
that the Senate will not thus triplicate the tax
on this class of people, who are ill able to bear
it. It ought not to be j>ut upon them. It is
a most generous contribution if you double
wh-at they now pay.
Mr. HOWE. Now, let me say one more
word. It is nqt right to make these sailors
pay twenty cents a month now, unless it is
right that these men—who are able-bodied men
as a class, and who, as a class, have nobody to
support but themselves—should support them-
selves. Unless it is right for them to support
themselves we should support them. If the
Senator urges his amendment upon the ground
that it is adequate to take care of the seamen,
I have no objection to it. I am inclined to think
it is adequate; but if he urgesit upon theground
that it is as large a quota of the expenditures as
oaght to be charged upon the class, and that
the Government should make up the balances,
then I am at issue with him, and I say that
the logic demands either that the Government
should pay the whole of this expenditure or
none of it. Either they are at work for them-
selves or for the Government. If for us, let us
be honest and take care of them when they can-
not work for you. If they are at work for them-
selves, then be honest and let them take care
nf tKaiYiflolvPfl
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Maine, [Mr. Hamliit.]
Mr. HOWE called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 20, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Brownlow, Car-
£ enter. Cole, Conklioff, Edmunds, denton, Ferry,
!amlin, Harlan, Morrill of Maine, Nye, Rice, Sher-
man, Sumner, Trumbull, Warner, Willey, and
Y ates—20. .
NAYS—Messrs.Boreman, Buckingham, Cameran,
Casserly, Chandler, Davis, Drake, Gilbert, Harris,
Howe.MoDonald.Pomeroy. Pratt, Ramsey, Robert-
son, Scott, Stockton, and Tipton—18.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Cattell, Corbett, Cra-
gin. Fowler, Hamilton, Howard, Howell, Johnston,
Kellogg, Lewis, McCreery, Morrill of Vermont, Mor-
ton, Norton, Osborn, Patterson, Pool, Ross, Sauls-
bury, Sawyer, Schurz, Spencer, Spraguc, Stewart,
Thayer, 'Thurman, Vickers, AVilliams, and Wil-
son—30.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is advised that there are some blanks in the
bill which should be filled.
Mr. CHANDLER. In line three of section
one the first blank should be filled with " 1st
day of April," and the blank in the fourth
line with "1870 so as to read "the 1st day
of April, 1870." In line two of section two
"April" should be inserted to fill the blank.
Those are all the blanks, I believe.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The blanks
will be so filled if there be no objection.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Has the last
amendment of the committee been passed
upon?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. All the
amendments of the Committee on Commerce
have been passed upon.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then I will
make my motion in the Senate.
Mr. CASSERLY. I find in the last section
of this bill a definition of an important word
in this act'by reference to the definition con-
tained in another statute. I think every law-
yer, and probably every other gentleman in
this body, will agree that that is not a desirable
mode of defining words in legislation. It has
been found to be one of the most serious im-
pediments in the attempt to make the statutes
of the English Parliament intelligible. I pro-
pose, with the consent of the chairman of the
Committee on Commerce, to amend that sec-
tion by simply transferring from the statute
referred to in it the definition there given of
the word '' vessel." I move, therefore, to strike
out from the word " shall," in line two of sec-
tion seven, down to and including the word
"purposes'' in line six, and to substitute, from
the seetion referred to, the definition there
given, which reads as follows:
"Shall be held to include every description of
water-craft, vehicle, and contrivance used or capa-
ble of being used as a means or auxiliary of trans-
portation on or by water."
That is the definition which I have taken
from the statute.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Before the vote
is taken on concurring in the amendments made
as in Committee of the Whole I wish to except
the amendment in section six.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendments, ex-
cept that indicated by the Senator from Maine.
The remaining amendments were concurred
in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ex-
cepted amendment will be read.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment of the
Committee of the Whole was to strike out the
sixth section of the bill, and insert in lieu
thereof:
That the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby
(Luthorized.to appoint a surgeon to act as sopervis-
