140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15,
ner ever since, except that since the rebels drove
me into the mountains and subjected me to the
inhospitable rigors of a cheerless jail in winter
the pace has been somewhat accelerated; yet
my naturally vigorous constitution gives some
promise that I shall live long enough to admin-
ister upon my own estate for some years to
come. One thing, is certain, I shall not com-
mit suieide to gratify those heirs expectant.
Allow me to add in conclusion that I have no
selfish or ambitious schemes to accomplish. I
seek only the good of my constituents and the
peace, honor, and glory of our great and growing
country. Nor shall X under any circumstances
be a candidate for office either in- Tennessee or
elsewhere. If daringthe remainder of my offi-
cial term I may fulfill the just expectations of
my friends I shall be content.
Nor have I any misgivings as to the future
of our common Republic. A grand develop-
ment awaits her. Her glory is inseparables
from the success of the principles held by the
National Republican party. In the coherence,
vigor, and permanence of that party, happily
assured by the sympathies and convictions of
the intelligent and honest masses of the Ameri-
can people, the destiny awaiting us as a nation
ie grand beyond conception. The accident of
momentary defeat in a State here and there
through the madness of unprincipled dema-
gogues, as in Tennessee, does not dim the
brightness of that promise. It cannot retard
the wheels of progress nor hinder the march
of destiny.
SPANISH GUN-BOATS FOR CUBA.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The hour of one
o'clock having arrived during these remarks,
the unfinished business is before the Senate,
being the bill (8. No. 280) in relation to the
appellate jurisdiction of ilie Supreme Court of
tlie United States in certain cases.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move that
that bill be postponed until the joint resolution
regularly before the Senate is disposed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont moves to postpone the unfin-
ished business with a view of proceeding with
the consideration of the joint resolution in
regard to the eight-hour law.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am now
willing to yield the floor to the honorable Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Carpenter.]
Mr. CARPENTER. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of the resolu-
tion introduced by me the other day in relation
to the Spanish gun-boats.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Wisconsin asks that the pending order be
laid aside informally in order that he may call
up a resolution introduced by him in regard
to the Spanish gun-boats. Is there objection ?
Mr. SUMNER. I shall interpose no objec-
tion to that; but I feel it my duty to suggest
that it does seem to me that a discussion of
that question is premature, and for this reason:
there is no information with regard to those
gun-boats now before the Senate except what
we derive from the newspapers. I understand
that the Department of State will in a few
days, as soon as the documents can be copied,
communicate to the Senate all that it has with
reference to our relations with Cuba, which
will probably cover the question of the gun-
ooats. There is a question of fact and of law,
and I for one am indisposed to approach its
discussion until I have all the information now
in the possession of the Government. At the
same time my friend from Wisconsin will un-
derstand that I have no disposition to interfere
with any desires he may have. If he wishes,
therefore, to go on I shall content myself with
making the suggestions that I have.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that if the consent asked by the Senator
from Wisconsin, to pass over informally the
pending order, should be granted, the pending
order, which is the joint resolution (S. R. No.
72) to regulate the hours of labor of Govern-
ment laborers, workmen, and mechanics, will
be resumed as soon as he shall have concluded
Mr. POMEROY. I have no doubt that the
Senator from Wisconsin has got some facts and
some information on the subject upon which
he proposes to speak that would be valuable to
the Senate, even though it does not come from
the State Department. * ■
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objection
to the request of the Senator from Wisconsin ?
The Chair hears none.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to inquire of the
Chair what has become of Senate bill No. 280 ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. On the motion
of the Senator from Vermont, and by the vote
of the Senate, it was set aside for the purpose
of considering the joint resolution in regard to
the eight hour-law.
Mr. TRUM'BULL. Was that motion made
since one o'clock ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was, at twenty-
five minutes after one o'clock, being two or
three minutes ago.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was called out of my
seat for a moment and was not aware that such
a motion had been made. I dislike to have
this bill lose its place.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has lost its
place now without regard to the request made
by the Senator from Wisconsin.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That vote was not by
yeas and nays. I move to reconsider the vote.
' The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Wisconsin is on the floor. If the Senator from
Illinois objects to the passing over of the joint
resolution now before the Senate it will take
the Senator from Wisconsin off the floor. He
is now on the floor asking unanimous consent
to proceed with some remarks.
Mr. TRUMBULL. All I desire is that Sen-
ate bill No. 280 shall not lose its place. It is
considered important, as a public measure, that
it should be acted on.
Mr. MORTON. What is it?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The bill in regard to the
jurisdiction of the Supreme Court. I do not
wish to interpose it against the remarks of the
Senator from Wisconsin at this moment, but
still I desire that the bill shall not lose its
place.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of
the Senator from Illinois will be in order after
the Senator from Wisconsin shall have con-
cluded his remarks. He only asks a temporary
laying aside of the pending order for the pur-
pose of making some remarks, after which the
pending order will come up ior consideration.
The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. CARPENTER. 1 ask the Secretary to
read the resolution which I desire to call up.
The Secretas-y read as follows:
Resolved, That in the opinion of the Senate the
thirty £un-boats purchased or contracted for in the
United States by or on behalf of the Government
of Spain, to be employed iigainst the revolted district
of Cuba, should not be allowed to depart from the
United States during the continuance of that rebel-
lion.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, I have
waited from the commencement of the session
for some old Senator holding high rank in this
body and enjoying a national reputation which
would give to his motion a degree of import-
ance which cannot attach to one emanating
from me to move in this matter. But it has
not been done; and since the fate of Cuba may
depend upon the action to be taken by this
Government in this regard, I have introduced
the resolution which I ask the Senate now to
consider.
I have not taken this step to advertise myself
as a filibuster, nor in flippant mood overlook- !
ing the gravity of subject or the importance |
which may attach to a solemn expression by 1
the Senate of its opinion upon a matter which I
may seriously affect our foreign relations, j
But believing that it is the mission of this ;
nation to stand for the oppressed and down- ,1
trodden of all lands; considering how much
has been given to us, and that " to whom much
is given of him much is required," I am anxious
that in this matter the United States should
not come short of their great opportunity and
their eorres^Jbnding high duty to exert all their
legitimate influence in favor of truth and justice
and on behalf of the liberty and independence
of a community almost within gun-shot from
our shores struggling to throw off the barbar-
ous oppression of Spain;
Fearing I might be betrayed by my ardent
western temperament and . the warm sympa-
thies of my nature into the use of inflamma-
tory rhetoric, which might be suitable to a
mass meeting of the people but unsuitable to
the discussion of this question in the Senate,
I shall confine myself, at very great personal
inconvenience, to the notes that I have pre-
pared of what I believe to be the solid doctrine
and philosophy of this subject, I shall pro-
mulgate no extreme doctrine. There are those
who believe that when a colony on this con-
tinent has grown into statehood it has a right
to throw off its allegiance to the parent State
and assert its independence, with or without
grievances suffered, and that in such a case a
colony is entitled to the sympathy at least of
the people of every free Government. But
they are radicals; and I have promised my-
self to try the experiment this day of being
exceedingly conservative.
I would not have the United States violate
the wholesome principles of the law .of nations
nor take any step from mere emotion which
may not be vindicated by right reason. Nor
would I have it, on the other hand, remain
silent when it should speak, nor shirk a mani-
fest duty from over-prudent apprehension of
consequences. The path of a nation's duty is
straight and narrow and fearful abysses lie on
either band. Impelled by sympathy to do
more than we have a right to do' would be to
give just cause of war to Spain: to do less than
we should do would forfeit our self respect and
subject us to the condemnation of all free
States. To those who occupy these Halls it is
given to guide the Government in this narrow
way, so safe to pursue, so dangerous to depart
from.
This is not a case in which it can be said that
we are intermeddling with what does not con-
cern us. In 1852 Great Britain and France
proposed a convention to the United States to
the effect that the high contracting parties
would severally and collectively disclaim all
intention ever to obtain possession of the Island
of Cuba, and that they should respectively bind
themselves to discountenance all attempts to
that effect on the part of any Power or indi-
viduals whatever, and that the high contracting
parties should declare severally and collectively
that they would not obtain or maintain for them-
selves, or for any one of themselves, any exclu-
sive control over the said island, nor assume
nor exercise any domini on o ver th e sam e. This
convention was declined by the United States;
and Mr. Edward Everett, one of the most con-
servative of our statesmen, then Secretary of
State, summing up the objections to such a
convention, said:
" But the President has a graver objection to en-
tering into the proposed convention, tie has no wish
to disguise the feeling that the compact, although
equal m its terms, would be very unequal in sub-
stance, irance and England, by entering into it,
would disable themselves from obtaining possession
oi a,n island remote from their scats of Government
belonging to.another European Power,whose natural
right to possess it must always be as good as their
own—a distant island in another hemisphere, and
one which by no ordinary or peaceful course of things
could ever belong^to either of them. If the present
balance of j>ower m Europe should bo broken up. if
ppain should peeomo unable to maintain the island
m ner possession, and Prance and England should
be engaged in adeathstrugglc with each other, Guba
might tnen be the prize oi the victor. Till these
events all tai.ee placc tho President docs not &ce how
to any European Power but Spain.
,, -£"° linited states, on the other hand, would by
the proposed convention disable themselves from
making an acquisition which might take placc with-
out any disturbance of existing foreign relations and
m tho natural order of thing*. The Island of Cuba
