5228
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
Mr. SHERMAN. I have prepared an amend-
ment which I think will meet the objection of
the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will hear
it, but I do not forego the right to call for
a division on my amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I propose to add to the
section as it now stands a few words to cover
a matter that was provided for in the original
bill:
And to importations from or to .Europe, and from
or to Asia, or the islands adjaecnt thereto, via the
United States.
Thatallowsimportationaeross the continent.
I think that ought to be put on at any rate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think this
so vital a question that we ought to have a divis-
ion upon it, and I therefore ask for a division
on my amendment.
The question being put, there were ayes
twelve.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I call for the
yeas and nays. 1 should like to have Senators
recorded upon the question.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 17, nays 80; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Chandler. Conk-
ling, Crapun, denton, Harlan, Howard, Howell,
Ivcllogg, Morrill ofVermont, Patterson, Pocieroy,
Revels. Rice, Viekers, and Wilson—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Boreman, Carpenter, Cole,
Corbelt, Davis, Drake, Fowler, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin. Harris, Howe,
MeCreery, Morton, Pratt, Ramsey ^Robertson, Ross,
Sawyer, Schnrz, Scott, Sherman, Spcncer. Stewart,
Stockton, Sumner, Trumbull, Warner, and Wil-
ley—30.
ABSENT — Messrs. Amos, Brownlow, Bucking-
ham, Cameron, Casscrly, Cdttell, Edmunds. Iferry,
i'lan.isran, Gilbert, Johnston, Lewis, McDonald,
Jlorrill of Maine, Norton, Nye, Osborn, Pool, Sauls-
buiyvSy vague, Thayer,Tiiurman,Tipton, Williams,
anil Yates—25.
.So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now offer the amend-
ment which was read a moment ago, to which
I suppose there will be no objection.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
add at the end of the seventh 3ection the fol-
lowing:
And to importations from or to Europe, and from
or to Asia, or the islands adjacent thereto, via the
United States.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds in the chair.) The question recurs on
the amendment of the Senator from Missouri
as amended.
Mr. STOCKTON. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the amendment. I am entirely satis-
fied of the correctness of the view taken by the
Senator from Delaware [Mr. Bayard] this
afternoon, and by other Senators on this floor,
with reference to that clause of the Constitu-
tion which provides that—
"No preference shall bo given by any regulation
of commerce or revenue to the ports of one State
over those of another."
Therefore, as this debate has progressed, arid
gentlemen have been offering amendments in
reference to portsin their own States, and wiien
the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Mortox.] in
the kindness of his heart, there being no rep-
resentative of the State of Georgia upon this
floor, insisted upon Savannah, Georgia, being
put in, believing, as I said, that no preferences
could constitutionally be given to the ports of
one State over another, I said nothing. Rat,
Mr. President, it seems to me the whole of
this scene to-night, these attempts to get the
ports of different States included, in this bill,
not only arise from the violation of that clause
of the Constitution heretofore alluded to, but
exhibit the wisdom of the clause. It was to
avoid precisely such a spectacle that our fathers
placed that clause in the Constitution.
But, Mr. President, I cannot let this bill go
in its present shape. If you will make prefer-
ences of one port over another I do not wish
discrimination against New Jersey. I have in
my own State a port of entry which is one
of the most flourishing cities of the United
States—the city of Newark. I have also the
city of Jersey City, which is at present part of
the port of New York and one of the largest and
most growing cities in the Union. That city
has been declared to be a port of entry by the
House of Representatives, and the bill to make
it a port of entry is now pending on yourtable.
What action the Senate will take on this bill
it is, of course, impossible to predict. But in
contemplation of its passage I have drawn this
amendment. I ask attention to the amend-
ment which I propose. I propose to add after
the name of the last city inserted in the seventh
section of the bill, on page 5, these words:
"and all existing ports of entry, and such as
may be hereafter created." This will embrace
Newark, and Jersey City if it becomes a port
of entry, and is a general rule which is more in
accordance with the Constitution.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
New Jersey to the amendment of the Senator
from Missouri.
Mr. POAIEROY. 1 have not taken any part
in this discussion to-day, and did not intend
to do so. I think this proposition is a very
sweeping and radical change in our system. I
thought if we could confine it to a few places
it would bo well to try the experiment for a
year ; and if it worked well we eould enlarge it
afterward. But if we are, when commencing
a system of this kind, in the beginning to in-
clude every city and every place that is a port
of entry, I think it may be dangerous and may
derange the collection of the revenue to such
an extent that we shall regret having tried the
experiment.
I think, in harmony with what the Senator
from Illinois said, that to begin with it should
be confined to a few cities, and to well-known
and established custom-houses. If we com-
mence trying an experiment of this kind in
every city at once, and it works badly, and
there are frauds and mistakes, it will only serve
to secure the repeal of the law in another year ;
whereas if we could have it work successfully
in a few places, it might be enlarged and in
time accomplish all that Senators desire. My
judgment is that it should not be enlarged,
but confincd so as to apply to not to exceed
four or five cities in the country. If it is con-
fined to those limits I shall vote for it; but if
it is to be extended everywhere, I shall vote
against it.
Mr. STOCKTON. It is a rather singular
thing, and I think it shows that this whole
amendment is offered to this bill without proper
consideration, that a gentleman should rise up
here and talk, as gentlemen have, about enlarg-
ing its scope to small places. Why, sir, three
lines of ocean steamships lie at the harbor of
Jersey City—the Hamburg, the Bremen, and
the Cunard lines. 1 am not statistician enough
to state the proportional amount of goods
brought into Jersey City from Europe and the
amount which would be brought there under
the operation of this measure.
I do not know that this is a good bill at all,
or that the system proposed will work as well
as the old. I have not made up my mind to
vote for it; but certainly the argument that it
should not be applied to small places is absurd
as used against a great port like Jersey City, or
a great commercial and manufacturing city like
Jersey City. If I understand the idea of the
bill it is this : the western citics want Birnam
wood to come to Dunshiane. The western
cities want to get out to the sea-board. They
want all the goods that come from abroad to
come directly to them. Now, I should be per-
fectly willing to see all the goods that come
from Europe walk right straight into the west
ern cities without any tax cr revenue assessed
upon them at all. But whatis the tax assessed
for? What is the only principle on which you
can defend this impediment to commerce ? It
is your necessities only which justify it. It is
that you need it for revenue. On what prin-
ciple is it assessed? It is assessed on the prin-
ciple that the foreign article should be taxed
as soon as it touches our shore, because it is a
foreign thing and pays tribute for entry into
your jurisdiction, pays tribute to your sov-
ereignty ; and yet you propose not to levy the
tax there, but, as it comes in, to start it by
various avenues all through the West, offering
thereby temptations to fraud and injustice
which cannot be contemplated without serious
apprehensions.
Now, I say if you will attach such an amend-
ment to this bill, at least make it general. If
you want to pass it, at least make it as good a
bill as possible under the circumstances ; let
it apply to all ports of entry. If it is applied
to a small place, that place will bring in no
goods, or but very few goods, from abroad.
If it is a large place, with a fine roadstead, it
will bring in a great many foreign goods ; so
that that evil which is apprehended will correct
itself. It will not be necessary to have at all
these small places custom-house officers, and
all the paraphernalia of the receipts of customs;
but if it does involve great expense, then this is
an argument against the whole measure. The
principle to be carried out fairly must, it seems
to me, embrace all ports of entry. Ports of
entry are created for the very purpose, as I
understand it, where we permit foreign goods
to come on out-shores. There, and there only,
they should be taxed. If we tax them at all
we should tax them as they touch our shores.
The proposition now is, as I understand it,
to allow these foreign goods to be sent at once
to the interior over all the great avenues of
trade ; the proposition is to allow them to be
carried over all those great lines of communi-
cation which transport goods from one part of
this continent to another and whieh are spread
all over this country. We are asked to con-
tinue these goods, just as if they were on board
ship still, on all these lines of railroad trans-
portation. This is a new and dangerous prop-
osition ; but if adopted, I insist that you are
bound to remember the fact that they can only
enter through these ports, the ports which you
have permitted them to enter, and those are
ports of entry.
I have said that a bill to make Jersey City a
port of entry is now on your table. I do not
know what the Senate will do with it. It has
passed the House of Representatives. At
present Jersey City is attached to New York.
But suppose she is created an independent
port; you would then have this strange auotn-
aly: this great and growing city of Jersey
City, with three lines of steamers lying at her
wharves, would not have the privileges of this
act, whieh yon have accorded to small western
towns. It seems to me that the safer rule is,
and that is the point I suggest roost respect-
fully to the Senate, to include all the ports of
entry; and then if it be found that there are
too many ports of entry, ana thot it is not
necessary to have custom-house officers at all
of them, that can be corrected by law here-
after. But it seems to me that having made
any port a port of entry, a. place where these
foreign goods shall come in, it follows logic-
ally that to that point this amendment should
apply, if indeed it should be adopted at all.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected ; there being, on a division—ayes nine,
noes not counted.
Mr.STOCKTON. I desire to offer another
amendment. After the words " Mobile, in the
State of Alabama," in the seventh seedou, I
propose to insert " Newark, in the State of
New J erhOy.'"
Mr. DRAKE. Why, Mr. President, New-
ark, in the State of New Jersey, is a town sit-
uated on a little liver some nine.or ten mile,-!
from the ocean, to which nothing under sail
bigger than a schooner of small size ever gets,
and to which. I suppose, there is not an im-
portation in the coarse of the whole year from
Europe. Some little steamers run up and down
between that place and New York. I am
