3340
THE' OOXGKESSfON'At, GLOfflE
May 10,
tion of it here irt the Senate, as well as else-
where among tho people.
Mr. PAIM'ER^ON. I should like to n•:«
mv friend it* ho thinks it would be cheaper to
move the Capitol, and put tip buildings for all
the Departments out on tbe Mississippi fiver,
than to build this one building here?
Mr. HO WELL. I have not conic to that
yet.
Mr. PATTERSON. No; and tbe eotratry
has not.
Mr. HOWELL. And the country has not.
But, when we do come to that, I wan', to have
the matter as free from embarrassments as prac-
ticable—from unfinished buildings, from im-
mense preparations and plans and calcula-
tions; for we are coming to that. Thatquestion
will be before us as a practical question in our
day. There is no doubt about, it whatever.
VV'e have lived to see things moving ata more
rapid rate than that, and greater events accom-'
pln-hcd in this country.' Now, to come back
to the memories upon which my friend from
Nevada [Mr. Stewart] uwelt so feelingly. I
am not one of those who have no sentiment,
who are destitute of sentiment or of the feel-
ings of patriotism or the love of country, or
who are unmindful of the memories thnt clus-
ter round sacred places, places that have be-
come sacred because they are connected with
the memories and the achievements of onr
soldiers and the battles for liberty and for the
preservation of the country. But Washington
is tiot distinguished above other places, I'
opine, in this country for such memories o,S
tbose. I opine there are plenty of places that
have a significance to the patriotic heart quite-
as touching and quite as profound, atid which
did not cost the Jives and the treasure to ■pro
tecttliat have been, not squandered, bnt that
have been bestowed for the protection of Wash
ington city in the past. It is not that I wish
to contemn those memories at all; but that f
would not hold them as a ptuctical ground or
reason for locating or continuing tbe capital of
the United States at any special point. If that
be the consideration that is to overcome all
other considerations, I do not know a man in
the Senate who cannot think of other plaies in
this country which have superior claims upon
our sympathies and upon onr patriotism and
our love of liberty than this city of Washing-
ton.
But in my first remarks On this subject I
wanted simply to have it understood that an
appropriation now to afford temporary accom-
modation for the Department of State, or
Whatevefothe'r Departments might need accont- I
modations, is all that the' financial circum- I
stances of the country and the circumsrances I
attending the administration of the Govern- j
ment here demand at the hands of the Con-
gress of the United States. What other per- :
manent provision may be made iri the future
let it be left for the future to decide. For the j
present, I insist that it is true economy, that !
it is sound policy tyr the Congress of the Uni-
ted^ States, for the country, and for the party '
which is responsible for what is done here, to
make temporary provision for the accom mo- i
dation of the executive offices of the nation. ]
Blr. SCHURZ. I desire to say a very few
words in reply to my friend from Vermont. j
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator give way !
for an adjournment? I
Mr.SCHURZ. Not now. I shall hot occupy I
more than two or three minutes. " i
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator can then reflect |
on his remarks to-night. i
Mr. SCflURZ. I do not need any further |
reflection upon the remarks I wish to "make. I j
think wo can dispose of this matter now, so that I
it will not be necessary to reopen it to-morrow. !
J said I wished to make a few observations in !
reply to my frier.dfrom Vermont, who treated
the matter of the removal of the capital in a
becomingly serious manner. The Senate will
bear me witness that I did not allude to that
subject when I first rose. But sine; the dis-
cussion has been started) I may as well venture
upon expressing my views. 1 do not form my
opinions very hastily, nor do I think I am
easily swayed by what may be called local
influences. ' _ "
I may say that I had an opinion on thiB sub-' 1
ject long before the question of tbe removal'
I of the capital to the valley of the Mississippi
l had been mooted in my section of the country
' or anywhere else, and the conclusion which :
I had formed was that the capital of a country j
is very liable to be changed as soon as the ;
geographical proportions and the relations of j
tbe population of that Country change. There :
is nothing very strange or very fearful in this.'
It maybe a very natural ana quiet process.
We have Seen such things before. Itoccurred,
for instance, in Russia, where the capital Was ;
moved from holy Moscow to St. ■ Petersburg*
mainly fbr the reason that the emperor ot'
Russia deemed it highly important to thatetm
pire to erpate a great navy aud make it a j
maritime Power; j
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. ButtheSen- !
ator knows they are about to go back again. 11
Mr. EDMUNDS. He did not follow ftcen- !
tral position exactly. '
Mr. SCHURZ. If Senators will have pa- ;
tience 1 shall make a rem&rfc bearing on that J
point. It is probably well known to Senators
that at the present moment the question of i
removing the capital is agitated in Russia j,
again. j
Mr. NYE. Moving it back again ? ■!
Mr. SCHURZ. Not moving it back again j
to Moscow, but moving it to amoreconven- j|
ierit and more central place, a place morfe'
likely to be the center of gravitation of the:
Russian empire, namely, Kiev.
It iS also known that as soOtt as the gdo-'
graphical proportions of the kingdom Of It&ly
had undergine a very important Cft&ngfe tbe
capital of that kingdom was removed Itomi
Turin to Florence. This happened itrOnrdtty;
so it may oe said that tliere is 'nothing peta-
liarly strange in the removal of the'capital of
a coutitry from one place to another.
I do not think it is a questionof sebtiment-
alism, or of memories, or of loCal prejudice.
In most cases it is Orte Of those Questions which
are decided by the sense of national interest
entertained by the people. So it is my belief
that the capital of this country is going to be
removed from this city to the Mississippi Val-
ley. That removal will not require my voice
to agitate it or to advance it. The interests
which will gather to bring about that result will
be far stronger than agitation carried on by A
few individuals. Nor do I think that all the'
eloquence that can be evaporated here oh tbe
floor of the Senate will be sufficient to prevent
it. And if ybu erect the' buildings proposed
here they will make the removal only more
expensive," but no less certain. Thai is my
opinion. I give it for what it is worth." Of
course there are opinions to the contrary, and
each man may Stand upon his Owfi.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How soon?
Mr. WILSON. When?
Mr. SCHURZ. I will not Venture any pre?1
diction on that point.
Mr. NYE. I will ask the honorable Sen-
ator if he does not think that thg roof of this
edifice will need repairing before that is done?
[Laughter.]
Mr. SCHCfRZ'. If the Senator from Nevada
will inquire closely he will find the froof of this
edifice is in need of repairs now. •
Mr. NYE. Certainly.
Mr. SCHURZ. Then I think that question
answers itself.
Now, as to the propriety of-moving the j
capital, as to the interests'which will command j
such an event, and as to the results which Will
follow it, there is great variety of opinion, and
legitimately so. 1 do not meati to gb into ati !
argument on that question now. The Senate j
will bear me witness that I did not bring for- j
ward the issue. I spoke npOh the question of j
econorty, And referring to that once more, I
am a little surprised at my friend from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] who, when ho made
his Urst financial speech on the floor of tbe
Senate at this session, a speech which created
a great sensation in tho country, and which I.
am sure was very highly appreciated by his
friends, raised the cry " Down with the taxes 1"
and 1 do not think that cry could be pro-
nounced with fnore emphasis than he pro-
nounced it, "Down with the taxes 1"
Mr. SUMNER. I repeat it now.
Mr. SCHURZ. It cannot be too ofien
repeated: And yet now, because the State
Department is a little uncomfortably located,
which ladinit; now, because some change may
perhaps be needed with regard to securing the
archives, he, instead of looking for an econom-
ical way to remedy the evil, is at once ready to
rilsh into an appropriation of $500,000 to start
on, and which will inevitably involve another
appropriation of five or six millions to com-
plete the work. 1 leave it to him to establish
the consistency of his cry, "Down with the
taxes," and his other cry, adopted to-night,
'• Up with the appropriations." 1 fear I cannot
trust my friend's financial speeches any longer
if they are followed up byBuch practical appli-
cations.
Mr. YATES. Mr. President 
Several Senators. Let us adjourn.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Oh, no; let
us settle this question first.
Mr. YATES. i only wish to speak a little
while.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tho Senator from
Illinois desires to proceed.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Will the
Senator yield tor a motion to adjourn ?
Mr. YATES. If it is the desire of the Sen-
ate I Will do so; but I wish to submit a few
remarks on this question.
Mr. H AMILTON, of Maryland. If the Sen-
ator yields for that purpose, I move that the
SCrtate adjourn.
Mr. YATES.1 'Twill say what I desire to say
to-night.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenator from
Illinois prefers to make his remarks now.
Mr. YA I'ES. Mr. President, the' question
of the removal of the capital, as I understand
it, is germane to this question ; because it the
capital is to be removed there is no necessity
for erecting a building here at an expense, as
weare told, of 81,500,000, but which will prob*
ably amount to $3,000,000 Or $4/M)0,000, and
we do not know but to $10,000,000—-—
Mr. HOWARD. With the leave of the Sen-
ator from Illinois I will move now that the
Senate adjourn.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 'Not let ua finish this
bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT, The Senator from
Illinois yields to the Senator from Michigan,
who movfes an hdjourhment.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Will the Senator from
Michigan give Way one moment to permit me
to offer a petition ?
Mr. HOWARD. It may as Well be intro-
duced in the morning.
Mr. 8PRAGUE. I desire that it should go
to a Committee that meets to-morrow morning.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well.
Mr. SPRAGUE presented a petition of Ca:-
leb White1 and Mrs; Bertie A. Thomas, pray
ing to be reimbufsed for Overcharges in the
shipment and sale oF certain cotton seized by
order of the general commanding at Baton
Rouge in 1865, and sold by an agent of the Gov-
ernment ; which w&s teferred to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrotft
Michigan Moves that the Senate do now ad-
journ. ■
'The motion was not agreed to, there being
on a division—ayeS 18, noes 19.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois is entitled to the floor.
Mr.- YATES.' I think the remarks I am sub-
