1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5229
astonished at the Senator from New Jersey
undertaking to put Newark on this bill. I
can understand why he should propose Jersey
City, but it is rather a singular proposition to
insert Newark.
Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President, if New-
ark is so insignificant in point of commercial
importance as the Senator from Missouri sug-
gests, it is a rather singular fact that it has
been made a port of entry by act of Congress.
I beg leave to say to that gentleman that ves-
sels have gone out from Newark to ports in
the south of Europe. If my memory serves
me right, a direct trade was established some
years ago, before the war, between the south-
ern part of Europe and the city of Newark. I
think my friend from Missouri has lived so
long in the backwoods, away from commercial
cities, that his memory or his discernment has
been a little affected. I think if he would come
up to Newark, where we should be most de-
lighted to see him, as well as in the part of
the State where I reside, and look at those
great flats which are spread out toward Jersey
City, and see that that whole plain toward
Jersey City is fast becoming a city as great as
New York, and a rival of that great commer-
cial metropolis—if he would, look at the inter-
nal revenue returns for that district, he would
agree with me that it would be much better
for Congress to make an appropriation, if
necessary, to improve the access to Newark,
than to find fault with her being entitled to the
privileges of this bill. Being a port of entry,
she should be allowed to participate in the
privileges of this bill, whether it be much to
her advantage or not. Whether the amend-
ment pass or not, it may not affect Newark
much, but I insist that the Constitution of the
United States protects her against any prefer-
ence being given to any other port of entry
over her.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator irom
New Jersey to the amendment of the Senator
from Missouri.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected; there being, on a division—ayes
12. noes 2G.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I move to amend the
amendment by adding after the word "Mary-
land," in the fifth line of the seventh section,
the words "Norfolk,in the State of Virginia."
The question being put on the amendment
to the amendment, there were, on a division—
ayes 19, noes 15; no quorum voting.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, and Mr.
DRAKE called ior the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. MORTON. Another division will settle
it. There is a quorum here.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 beg to remind Senators
that this is the tax bill, and we have got to
pass it some time.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I will with-
draw the call for the yeas and nays, as I pre-
sume there is a quorum present, and we can
have another division.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there any
objection to withdrawing the call for the yeas
and nays? The Chair hears none. Another
division is requested.
Mr. BAYARD. I should like to ask the
Senate most frankly whether this is not a
"preference" given, or sought to be given,by
this "regulation of commerce or revenue to
the ports of one State over those of another?"
Here is Norfolk, in the State of Virginia, one
of the most valuable sea-ports upon the Atlantic
coast; the only sea-port in Virginia; the only
port to which she can ask you to extend this
privilege.
I had the misfortune—-I always deem it so—
to find that my view of this constitutional pro-
vision did not meet the assent of my respected
friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis.] I always
differ from him with hesitation ; bat I must
confess, after hearing his remarks, I am unable
to change my view that this is a distinct vio-
lation of this constitutional provision ; that
you have no right to discriminate in this way
by giving privileges of trade, commerce, and
revenue to certain ports of certain States and
deny them to others.
Something was said about ports of entry.
In the first place, the language of the Consti-
tution is plain when it speaks of "ports of
one State." Now, what is a "port?" From
Worcester's Dictionary I take this definition :
"A place for the lading and unlading of the car-
goes of vessels, and the collection of duties or cus-
toms on imports or exports; a place or station for
ships to ride at anchor; a harbor; a haven."
The Congress of the U nited States have power
to regulate commerce. They may therefore
declare such ports, which moan sea-ports or
havens for ships, as they please, ports of entry,
or places where custom-houses shall be estab-
lished for the leceipt of customs duties. The
Congress of the United States can make a port
a port of entry; but it would be a denial, a
refusal to exercise their due and just powers
if there was a fair and proper haven for ships
and the Congress of the United States were to
refuse to make it a port of entry and give the
inhabitants of that country the right to use the
natural advantages of the place.
But when you have established a port as a
port of entry, then the provision of the Con-
stitution on this subject becomes mandatory,,
and you cannot escape it, and you cannot dis-
obey it without a violation of the Constitution.
If when you have created a port of entry in the
United States you undertake to exclude that
port from any revenue or commercial regula-
tion which would be beneficial to it, and give
to other ports, by name, the benefit of regula-
tions of commerce that you withheld from it,
you have plainly violated this provision of the
Constitution. Here is a bill which contains
certain favorite ports to which, in its own lan-
guage, "privileges" were extended, and to
them only, byname; and you propose to deny
to the State ot' Virginia, with a port not ex-
celled on the whole of our Atlautic coast, with
a most noble bay and roadstead, the only port
in Virginia which has full access to external
commerce, the same benefit that you give to
the ports in other States. If this be not a
violation of the Constitution I am unable to
comprehend what is.
The PRESIDING OFFICEPw Tho Sen-
ator's time lias expired. The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Virginia to the
amendment, of the Senator from Missouri.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to—ayes twenty nine, noes not counted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment of the Senator
from Missouri, as amended.
Mr. CHANDLER. Upon that question I
ask for the.yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. KELLOGG. 1 move to amend the
amendment by adding the following additional
sections;
iSilC. —. And be 'it farther enacted, That tho socond
and tSiird sections of ail net passed March 2,1831,
entitled " An act alio wins; the dulios on foreign mer-
chandise imported into Pittsburg, Wheeling, Cincin-
nati, Louisville, St. Louis, Nashville, and Natchez to
bosecured and paid at those placf-s," shall be, and
tlio same hereby is, amended so as to read as follows:
Sec.—. Andbeit further enacted. That any importer
residing at any pu:t of entry or dolivorj', importing
foreign merchandise by way of Now Oii('a,ns, or tho
agcntofsuch hnporter.is heieby authorized t :• enter
any merchandise imported as aforesaid, by the way
of New Orleans, at that port, in the manner now
prescribed by law, and the coticctor shall grant a
permit for the landing thereof, and cause the duties
to be ascertained ao in other cases, the said goods
remaining in the custody of the collector until re-
shipped ior tho place of destination; and the col-
lector shall certify to the surveyor at_ such piacc tho
amount of such duties, which the said surveyor shall
enter on the margin of the bond, as aforesaid, given
to secure the same, which goods shall bo delivered
by tho collector to the agent ol the importer or con-
signee duly authorised to receive the same, for ship-
ment to the place of importation: and the master,
commander, owner, or agent of every steamboat or
other vessel ia winch cuc-H merchandise shall be
transported, shail,previously to her departure from
New Orleans, or within eighteen hours thereafter,
deliver or cause to be delivered to the collector,
duplicate manifests of such merchandise, specifying
themarksandnumbersof every case, bag, box, chest,
or package containing tho samo, with the name and
place of residence of every importer or consignee of
such merchandise, and the quantities shipped to
each, to be by such master, commander, owner, or
agent subscribed, and to the truth of which such
master, commander, owner, or agent, shall swear or
amrm, and that the said goods nave been received
on board his vessel, stating the name of the agent
who shipped tho same; and the sajd colloetor shall
certify the facts, as aforesaid, on the manifests, one
of which he shall return to such master, commander,
owner, consignee, or agent.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted. That if any mas-
ter, commander, owner, agent, or consignee of any
steamboat, or other vessel, having on board merchan-
dise, as aforesaid, shall tailor neglect to comply with
the provisions of the second section of this act, as
amended, the master or commander of any such boat
or vessel arriving at any of the ports above named,
on board of which is merchandise, shall forfeit $501);
and the master of such boat or other vessel arriving
at either of tho ports above named, on board of which
merchandise, as aforosaid, shall havo been shipped
at New Orleans, shall within eighteen hours next
after the arrival, and previously to unloading any
part of such merchandise, deliver to tho surveyor of
such port the manifests of the same, certified, as
aforesaid, bytho collectorofNewOrleans; and shall
make oath or affirmation before the said surveyor
that there was not, when ho departed from New Or-
leans, any more or other goods on board such boat
or vessel, imported as aforesaid, than is therein men-
tioned; whereupon the surveyor shall cause thesaid
casks, bags, boxes, chests, or packages to be inspected
and compared with her manifests, and the same being
identified, he shall grant a permit !or unloading the
same, or such part thereof as the master shall request;
and when a part of any such merchandise is intended
to bo landed, tho suiveyor shall make an indorse-
ment on the back of the manifests, designating such
part, specifying tho articles to be landed, and shall
return the manifests to the master, indorsing thereon
his permission to such boat or vessel to proceed to
tho place of its destination; and if the master of
such steamboat or vessel shall ne&lect or refuse to
deliver the manifests within tho time herein directed,
he shall forfeit $100.
I ask that the letter of the Secretary of the
Treasury, bearing upon the propositions con-
tained in that amendment, which are only
amendatory in their nature, be read; and that
is all I desire to say on the subject.
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to a question of
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio rises to a question of order, which
he will state.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is this amendment ger-
mane to the bill, or kas it any connection or
pertinency with it?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
muxds.) The Chair decides that there is no
rule of the Senate which prevents the offering
of any bill of any character to this or any other
bill in the Senate as an amendment except
what is contained in the rule as to appropri-
ation bills.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then 1 give notice, in
pursuance of what I said to-day, that if the
friends of this measure are willing to load it
down in this way I must insist on its being
defeated; because if the friends of this partic-
ular proposition are willing to adopt the tactics
of delay and load it down with extraneous mat-
ter, the sooner we abandon it the belter, and
go on with the tax bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Louisiana asks for the reading of a letter
at the desk. Is tnere objection ? The Chair
hears none.
Mr. POMEROY. I hold in my hand a bill
to relieve a large number of persons ■
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The'Senator
from Kansas will suspend. The Senate has
directed this letter to be read.
Mr. POMEROY. How have they directed it?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
asked if there was auy objection to its reading,
and there was none.
Mr. POMEROY. I object.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object, to its reading.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
called for objections, but none were made.
Objection is now made. The Chair will regard
it as m season, and the question now is, with-
our debate, Shall the letter be read?
The question being put, it was decided in
the negative.
Mr. KELLOGG. I will thank the Secretary
