1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4285
granted leave of absence for one week after
to-morrow.
Mr. MOORE, of New Jersey, by unanimous
consent, was granted leave of absence for four
days from to-day.
Mr. SMITH, of Vermont, by unanimous
consent, was granted leave of absence for two
weeks.
Mr. SHERROD, by unanimous consent, was
granted leave of absence for five days.
Mr. WARD moved that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at five o'clock and fifteen minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ALLISON: The memorial of Mrs.
Eunice Barkus, praying the passage of a law
allowing her to receive soldier's bounty
granted to her by will.
By Mr. HOTCHKISS : The petition of R.
A. Francis in the matter of contract with the
Government.
By Mr. LAFL1N: The petition of Hon.
James A. Bell, of Jefferson county, New York,
praying for the passage of a law authorizing
the reissue of bonds destroyed by fire.
By Mr. LYNCH: The petition of William
T. Royal, for pension.
By Mr. MYERS : The petition of John Gib-
son, Sons & Co., William F. Simes, Robert
Shoemaker, William G. Cochran & Co., Wil-
liam H. Kirkpatrick, Mitchell & Allen, Fred-
erick Brown, Jacob Cauffman & Sons, Francis
E. Cross, Henry Wallace & Co., H. & A; Van
Beil, Bullock & Crenshaw, Richard Penistan,
Jacob Mayer, H. & H. W. Catherwood, and
298 others, druggists and dealers in distilled
spirits, in Philadelphia, asking that the law
may be simplified by taxing such spirits at the
distillery, and on the basis of "capacity."
Also, the petition of Batehelor Brothers,
Oscar J. Sehraek, William Leahy, and 33
others, tobacconists of Philadelphia, asking
for a uniform tax of sixteen cents per pound
on manufactured tobacco and snuff".
By Mr. SWANN: A resolution of the Board
of Trade of Baltimore, Maryland^ indorsing
the action of the National Board of Trade in
regard to the establishment of a department
of commerce.
IN SENATE.
Friday, June 10, 1870.
Prayer by Rev. J. G. Butler, Chaplain of
the House of Representatives.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a reso-
lution of the Legislature of Texas, asking that
measures be taken to prevent the republic of
Mexico from harboring hostile bands of Indians
depredating on the southwestern frontier of
that State; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on E'oreign Relations, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SPENCER presented three memorials
of members of the bar of Alabama, remon-
strating against any change in the judicial
districts of that State; which were referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DRAKE presented the memorial of
Artemus H. Brown, praying compensation for
the use of the steamer Tampico in the year
1865-06; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. McCREERY presented the petitions of
William C. Ellis, of Carroll county, Kentucky,
and of I. M. St. John, T. L. Burnett, John
D.Morris, and Jilson P. Johnson, of Louisville,
Kentucky, praying for the removal of their
political disabilities ; which were referred to
the select Committee on the Removal of Polit-
ical Disabilities.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, presented a
resolution of the Board of Trade of Baltimore,
indorsing the action of the National Board of
Trade in recommending the establishment of
a department of commerce; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. FLANAGAN presented a resolution of
the Legislature of Texas, asking that measures
be taken to prevent the republic of Mexico
from harboring hostile bands of Indians depre-
dating on the southwestern frontier of that
State; which was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SCOTT presented a petition of tobacco-
nists of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, praying
for a uniform tax of sixteen cents per pound
on manufactured tobacco and snuff; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I present a
petition of Richard Dunne, James C. Steven-
son, and others, of Brooklyn, New York, set-
ting forth that under the existing revenue laws
the present ad valorem tariff on books is utterly
inadequate to afford to them that just measure
of protection which the State owes to all its
citizens, namely, that its burdens shall be im-
posed equally on all; and they therefore pray,
as an act of justice, that a specific duty of not
less than twenty-five cents per pound be levied
on all importations of foreign books that enter
into competition with American labor. I move
the reference of the petition to the Committee
on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr, MORRILL, of Vermont. I also pre-
sent a petition of George Davidson, George
Robert Jacott, and others, of Brooklyn, New
York, representing that the present ad valorem
tariff on books is utterly inadequate, and ask-
ing that a specific duty of twenty-five cents a
pound may be imposed. I move its reference
to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I also pre-
sent the petition of William Matthews, Wil-
liam R. Pettigrcw, and numerous other per-
sons of Brooklyn, and vicinity, representing
that the present tariff on books is inadequate
and asking that a specific duty be levied. I
move its reference to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I also pre-
sent the petition of William Smith, Walter
Scribner, and various other parties of the city
of New York, representing that the present ad
valorem tariff on books is inadequate, and ask-
ing a specific duty of twenty-five cents a pound
be imposed on books. I move its reference to
the Committee on B'inance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I alsopresenta
petition of WilliamH. Demarest, J. F. Phayce,
Harper & Brothers, and others, of New York,
representing that the present ad valorem tariff
on books is inadequate, and asking a specific
duty of twenty-five cents a pound be imposed
on books. I move its reference to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I also pre-
sent a petition of Hugh Delany, Thomas Raf-
ferty, Joseph Wall, and others, of New York,
representing that the present ad valorem tariff
on books is inadequate, and asking a specific
duty of twenty-five cents a pound be imposed
on books. I move its reference to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I also pre-
sent the petition of William H. Parsons _ &
Brother and Harper & Brothers, representing
that the present ad valorem tariff on books
is inadequate, and asking a specific duty of
twenty-five cents a pound be imposed_ on
books. I move its reference to the Committee
on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I also present
a petition signed by And rew Footj J. J. Sehoon-
maker, and various other parties of NewYork,
representing that the ad valorem duties on books
are easily evaded, and suggesting that twenty-
five cents a pound be imposed, and stating that
that is not greater than the present duty of
twenty-five per cent, ad valorem. I move its
reference to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I present the memorial
of Root & Cady, Lyon & Head, Joseph Medill,
Callaghan & Cockcroft, and others of Chicago,
Illinois, asking that some modification be made
in the bill of the House to revise, consolidate,
and amend the statutes relating to patents and
copyrights, and which requires that all business
relating to entering, transferring, recording,
assigning, and mortgaging copyrights shall be
transacted in the office of the Librarian of
Congress.
The memorialists ask that the bill be so
amended as to continue to the district courts
the power of recording which they have here-
tofore exercised, and that the time for depos-
iting copies may be maintained as at present;
and they set forth the reasons why the bill as
it has been passed by the House would be ob-
jectionable and inconvenient. I do not know
the condition of the bill at present, but I sap-
pose this memorial should go to the Committee
on the Library.
Mr. SUMNER. The Committee on Patents,
I think.
Mr. WILLEY. I will state to the Senator
from Illinois that the Committee on Patents
have already reported on that subject, and the
bill is now on the Calendar.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I move that the
memorial lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I present three memorials
similar to the one presented by the Senator
from Illinois, upon which I recognize several
names of authors of our country ; and I ask
that they lie on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They will lie on
the table, the committee having reported on
the subject.
Mr. CORBETT. I present the petition of
a large number of soldiers, who represent that
the sum of fifty dollars is not adequate to pro-
cure the best artificial arm. They set forth
that Congress has allowed a sufficient amount
to soldiers who have lost legs to procure the
best artificial legs, and they ask that they may
be allowed a sufficient additional sum to give
them the best artificial arm. I move its ref-
erence to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FOWLER presented a memorial of
Rodgers, Meyer & Co., and seventy-three other
mercantile firms of San Francisco, against tha
fur-seal monopoly in Alaska, and recommend-
ing the adoption of certain regulations in rela-
tion to the fur-seal fisheries; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petitions of
L. Bremond, of Albemarle county, Virginia,
and of Jesse N. James and Daniel P. Conner,
of Virginia, praying for the removal of their
political disabilities; which were referred to
the select Committee on the Removal of Polit-
ical Disabilities.
Mr. SHERMAN presented the petition of
merchants of New York city, praying for a
repeal of the income tax; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HOWARD presented papers relating to
the bill (S. No. 971) to carry intoeffect the
decree of the circuit court of the United States
for the southern district of New York in the
case of the schooner L. S. Davis and her cargo;
which were referred to the Committee on
Claims.
KKPOIiTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
