1870.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
439
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Currency Bill—Mr. Gox.
Ho. of Reps.
apparent to everybody, and ought not to be
suffered to exist. There is no apology for it.
2. Because it would be greatly for the inter-
est of the banks themselves.
Conciliation is their true policy. They have
many enemies already; they should be careful
not to increase the number. This measure of
an equal apportionment of existing circulation
would disarm a great amount of opposition in
those States now most disaffected.
The banks should recollect that they have
no charters; that they were created by an act
of Congress, the last section of which provides
thai it may be amended or repealed. At least
I believe so.
Mr. RANDALL. You are right. I can
quote the section.
Mr. COX. My argument as to the favorit-
ism shown to sections in circulation is not to
be taken as an estoppel against my voting at
any time to amend and repeal these national
banking charters.
3. This should be done, because it will pre-
vent the calamity of a further increase of bank-
note currency. The disaffected States would
be satisfied and no harm done the country.
4. Because this redistribution will benefit
the business interests of those sections from
which the surplus is taken, Massachusetts is
an example. Her reduction would be about
nineteen millions. Should it be made, the
$21,000,000 of bonds now deposited as security
with the Treasury will be released, and the
bauks can sell them if they choose at a pre-
mium of about fifteen per cent. They will thus
obtain many millions ofreal permanent capital,
which they now loan to the Government, and
can hereafter loan to their customers, instead
of $19,000,000 of mere bank credits in the
shape of their own notes, which are liable to
be called in. This difference is a great one,
especially in times of pressure or panic, when
bank credits, whether in the shape of notes or
so-called deposits, are certainly liable to be
withdrawn from business men at the very
moment they need them most. The security
of the manufacturing and mercantile public
will be greatly promoted by such a change.
The less bank credit there is in any commu-
nity the better. I do not now say the less bank
capital. The States to which the bank circu-
lation is removed will gain nothing but bank
credits. "What they will thus gain will be real-
ized as follows: the merchants of Mobile, for
example, may purchase stocks to the amount
of $1,000,000. This will require $1,000,000
in real present capital, as the bonds cannot be
bought on credit. The bonds so purchased
may be deposited with the Secretary of the
Treasury, and $800,000, under the present bill,
received in notes for the same. These notes
may now be loaned to the public. One million
has been taken away to purchase the bonds,
and $800,000 is restored to the business com-
munity. But the bank, after having loaned
all its notes, may go further and create depos-
its, that is, may discount business paper and
pass the same to the credit of its customers.
This it can do, if as successful as the present
national banks, to the extent of one hundred
and sixty-seven per cent, more than its cir-
culation, say $1,333,000. The bank will then
be drawing its interest on the bonds depos-
ited—
Say $1,000,000
On its circulation  800,000
On about two thirds of its deposits, say  1,009,000
$2,800,000
From this is to be deducted whatever green-
backs, &c.. the bank may hold as a reserve;
but after making all allowances it will be seen
t hat the stockholders of the bank will get larger
dividends, and bank officers good salaries; and
these are the parties especially benefited.
Bank credit, but neither capital or moneys,
have been transferred from one portion of the
country to another. If this be a fair statement
of the case, it would seem that if this national
system is not altogether uprooted there could
be no objection to a complete redistribution
of the bank circulation, and that it is highly
desirable in order to give satisfaction, at least,
to certain parties in those States which have
not at present their proportionate share.
I object, then, to this entire bill. The first
section enlarges a currency already redundant
and makes it weaker and more detrimental to
the country than it is at present. The second
section supersedes the three per cent, loan
certificates by substituting national bank notes,
instead of which they should be absolutely
withdrawn. They were never intended by
Congress to act as currency, and the use made
of them by the banks has always been unlawful
and injurious to the country.
The eleventh section is of little consequence,
as it merely provides for the removal of banks
from one State to another, a soit of carpet-bag
arrangement, a very unbusinesslike proposi-
tion that would never be thought of if the
currency wore in a normal condition.
But the seventh section contains the prin-
cipal and by far the most objectionable pro-
vision of the entire bill. If enacted it would
establish the most dangerous and explosive
currency ever known in this or any other
country, and, as, I have shown, would involve
the business of the nation in the greatest diffi-
culties, and the Government which guarantied
the payment of notes in gold for which only
one fourth of the amount was held for their
redemption, in the gravest and most humilia-
ting embarrassments.
The remaining sections are only such as are
necessary to carry out the previous provisions
of the bill, and contain nothing of any practi-
cal importance. They neither add to or dimin-
ish our objections to the measures proposed.
Taken together the bills, Senate and House,
are but a clumsy attempt to evade the great
questions at issue before the country, and
amuse and occupy the public mind until the
dominant party has been enabled to tide over
the next congressional elections. These bills
are the mere pretenses of doing what the Re-
publican party has signally failed to do—give
us a standard and stable currency. _ What is
needed is resumption of gold and silver. On
or before 1872 the Democracy will bear its old
banner to success for gold and silver. This is
oar only hope. Gold and silver! The words
trip pleasantly on my tongue. They are music
to my ear. Gold and silver! They are the
legal tender of commerce and the Constitu-
tion—I had almost said, what once before I
said, and 1 say it now reverently—the legal
tender of God Almighty, who has made it
precious! Is there no one here to recur to the
traditions of the party ? Ah! I see that Penn-
sylvania has its ear open. [Judge Woodwakd
bowed to the speaker; and Mr. Getz, of Penn-
sylvania, approached the seat of Mr. Cox, pre-
senting him two gold twenty dollar pieces.]
.Mr. GETZ. Here is the Democratic cur-
rency which Pennsylvania loves and longs
after. [Laughter.]
Mr. COX. I hear its chink. I see its beauty.
I know it is precious. [Laughter.] It reminds
me of the better day of the Kepublic, when the
people knew what they had to "deal with."
FUNDING BIIjLS.
It would be improper to discuss the Senate
funding bill now and here. But the principle
of the Senate bill and the present bill (section
three) is the same. Both provide for a smaller
rateof interest of the public debt by anew sys-
tem of bonds. As the bill yesterday reported
by the Ways and Means Committee has the
same idea substantially, I propose by way of
illustration to refer to some of the provisions
of the Senate bill which it proposes to dis-
place. Three classes of bonds are authorized
by the Senate funding bill which has been sent
to the House, namely: $400.000.000ten-forties
at five per cent., $400,000,000 fifteeu-twenties
at four and a half per cent., $400,000,000
twenty-forties at four per cent.
The first may be sold by the Secretary for
coin at not less than par, or be exchanged for
five-twenty bonds now outstanding, and for no
other purpose.
The second class may be disposed of at not
less than par for coin, or be exchanged for
any outstanding obligations of the Government
bearing a higher rate of interest in coin, the
proceeds to be used for the redemption of such
obligations bearing interest in coin as may
become redeemable.
The third class, the four per cents., may be
disposed of either in the United States or else-
'where at not less than four per cent, for coin,
or, at the discretion of the Secretary, for Uni-
ted States notes, (greenbacks,) or may be
exchanged for any obligations of the United
States outstanding ; and the Secretary, if he
thinks advisable, is authorized to issue a larger
amount of four per cents, for any purpose
therein or thereinafter recited than would other-
wise be authorized by the act, provided there
shall be no increase in the aggregate debt of
the United States in consequence of any issues
authorized by the act; and these bonds of every
kind to be exempt from all taxation by State,
municipal, or local authorities.
The sixth section of the bill provides that
$150,000,000 shall be appropriated annually
for the payment of the interest and reduction
of the principal of the national debt.
The seventh section provides that all exist-
ing national banks shall substitute bonds aver-
aging four and a half per cent, for those they
now have on deposit at the Treasury to secure
their circulation. This will compel the banks
to take four and a half instead of six per cent,
upon their bonds deposited to secure then-cir-
culation. The bauks are further, by the eighth
section, allowed to have only eighty instead of
ninety per cent, of circulation, as heretofore,
upon their bonds deposited.
*The ninth scction authorizes universal free
banking, by providing that any banking asso-
ciation organized, or to be organized under
the currency acts, may deposit bonds and
receive eighty per cent, in notes upon them ;
provided, however, as the circulating notes are
issued an equal amount of United States notes
shall be destroyed; that is, greenbacks a,re to
be replaced by bank notes. Such, in brief, is
the Senate funding bill. Such, in principle, is
the House bill.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, \oudo
not mean the bill yesterday reported by the
Ways and Means Committee?
Mr. COX. No, sir; I have not seen that
yet in print.
Mr. WOOD. Here it is.
Mr. COX. I do not care to read it now.
The bill 1 comment on is the Senate bill, from
which the bill of my chairman [Mr. Garfield]
is modeled. The bill of the Ways and Means
Committee is very different, as I perceive by
the newspapers; but the bill under discussion
is very similar to the Senate bill.
My objections to such bills may be briefly
stated. In the first place, I regard any action
of the kind as out of place entirely until the
currency has been restored to par, because the
credit of the nation is not and cannot be such
as to fund the debt at, the lowest rate of inter-
est until that is done. Second, there should
be but. a single rate of interest, and that a low
one. There need be no resort to tricks or con-
trivances about the matter. One uniform rate
of four and a half per cent., with the exemp-
tion from taxation now permitted, would secure
the sale of the whole debt as soon as the credit
