1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2397
The Senator from Michigan said that juries
would not convict down there. Where, then,
were j-eur military commissions ? They would
convict, would they not? Who ever heard of
a military commission that acquitted ? They
are commissions organized to convict. It
would utterly amaze any man to see a military
coroEz,i3Sion that failed to convict. Why did
they not punish these assassins? Why did
they let murder go unpunished because jurors
would not find verdicts of guilty, when the
commanding general had it in his power to
detail a board of Army officers to try, to con-
vict, and to hang ? If this be true, then your
military domination and your reconstruction
acts have been the most miserable failure that
the world ever saw.
But that is not all. You have again and
again restored—you call it admitting ; I call it
restoring them—States in the South to their
rights. They have Radicalgovernments. What
State has had a more Radical government than
Tennessea np to the last year? And yet in
Tennessee the Kuklux had its origin, accord-
ing to all the accounts we have.
Mr. FOWLER. I believe that is a mistake.
Mr. THURMAN. I have always heard it
asserted so.
Mr. FOWLER. I should like the Senator
to give some evidence of it more than his bare
declaration.
Mr. THURMAN. I am glad to be corrected.
I was only stating it on Radical authority, and
I know how uncertain that is. [Laughter.]
I stand corrected.
Mr. ABBOTT. The honorable Senator from
Ohio denies that there are any Kuklux.
Mr. THURMAN. No, sir, I do not deny
any such thing. I never denied any such thing.
Your reconstruction acts were calculated to
make Kuklux. I do not wonder that they did
make Kuklux. After putting eight million
people under the heel of military men with
power to try them by court-martial and mili-
tary commission, and hang them, in plain vio-
lation of the Constitution, and then putting a
set of ignorant field negroes above all the intel-
ligence of the white race, and using those instru-
mentalities to send men to the Senate ot' the
United States and to the House of Represent-
atives of the United States, and put them in
the place of Governors and judges, men whose
feet were hardly warm on the soil, I do not
wonder it made Kuklux. I am not justifying
the Kuklux.
Mr. ABBOTT. I think the Senator makes
a very good defense of the Kuklux.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator may say so.
I say that it is quite natural there should have
been Kuklux. I am making no defense for
them. But human nature is human nature,
and you cannot trample out the impulses of
the human heart by any laws you may make,
not even by the code of Draco itself.
. Sir, you put these States in the hands of the
"loyal" men. You had Tennessee in the
hands of the loyal men ; you have had Louisi-
ana in the hands of the loyal men; you have
got the old North State in the hands of the
loyal men; you have got Florida in the hands
of the loyal men; you have got every one of
these States in the hands of the loyal men,
and in addition to all this you have had the mil-
itary to help you. Now, why is it that you
have not had law and order and peace? Why
is it that in these States thus governed by Rad-
icalism there has been this anarchy which is
spoken of? Is it because they were slave
States ? Let me call the attention of the Sen-
ate to the fact that there were three other slave
States. There was Delaware, there was Mary-
land, and there was Kentucky. They have not
been reconstructed; they have not been under
the rule of the loyal men, according to the
definition of loyalty on this floor; and yet, in
all this broad land, from the Atlantic to the
Pacific, from Darien to the north pole, there
have not been three more orderly States than
Delaware, Maryland, and Kentucky. Under
Democratic administration lav/ and order pre-
vail in them; property, life, and liberty are
safe. It ought to be so, for the spirit of De-
mocracy is the spirit of obedience to Constitu-
tion and to law. It is the very incarnation of
peace, law, and order, and the best thing you
can do, Senators of the Republican party,
the very best thing that could happen to restore
law, order, peace, prosperity, ana happiness to
that southern country would be for Radicalism
to abdicate there and Democracy to be installed
in power.
_Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
will allow me to suggest, saving and excepting
always the city of New York.
Mr. THURMAN. "Saving and excepting
the city of New York?" Howisthat?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is Demo-
cratic.
Mr. THURMAN. I thank the Senator from
Maine. Who is it that has been the governing
power in the city of New York since the Radi-
cals have been possessed of the Legislature of
that State? The mayor? No, sir. No, sir;
he has had scarcely any more power in that
eity than I have had in it. Are the common
councils? No, sir; they have no power what-
soever. The whole police is in the hands
of a board established by the Legislature of the
State, and its head appointed I believe by the
Governor of the State.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My honorable
friend must remember that despite the aid of
the State police those murders take place in
that city.
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, sir; I dare say they
did; and I dare say murders take place in Mas-
sachusetts; and I have heard of some of them
in Maine. [Laughter.] They take place, I
think, even in my good State of Ohio, that
expends more than six million dollars a year,
drawn from the pockets of the people, in the
support of common schools. Think of that,
Senators! The common-school system draws
from the pockets of our people more than six
million dollars a year, and our State has so
many religious people that positively they have
to build churches every year to supply those
who want seats in them to a degree that is per-
fectly amazing. And you all know who have
seen Ohio that her citizens are a law-abiding
set of people; but even there there are horrible
crimes committed, too horrible to mention.
You cannot take up a newspaper without read-
ing of them. If this condition of the South is
nothing more than the condition of the North;
if it is simply the normal condition of society ;
if it is simply what happens everywhere—for
there have been Trauppmans in America as
well as Trauppmans in France—if that is so,
what reason have you to complain, what rea-
son have you to make a fuss about it?
No; you go upon the principle that the South
is in an abnormal condition; that property is
not as safe, that life is not as safe, that liberty
is not as safe there as in the North. That is
the reason why you say that something needs
to be done. You have tried to bring about a
normal condition of things by military rulers,
by loyal Legislatures, by loyal Governors, and
by all the machinery of loyalty. You have
tried to do that now for five long years, and
you confess at last that it is an utter failure.
Gentlemen, give it up: let the people of those
States, the majority of the people of those
States, resume the rule which belongs to the
majority in a republican government,; let them
have once more good Democratic governments
in those States and you will have once more
law, order, liberty, peace, and prosperity.
Mr. SHERMAN. -Mr. President, 1 must
confess my surprise and amazement that my
colleague should appear in the Senate of the
United States to defend or apologize for the
Kuklux Klan; because his statement here is
substantially an apology for the violence and
disorder that have prevailed in nearly all the
southern States since the close of the war. He
also complains of the action of the Republican
party, and endeavors to make a partisan speech
on a grave question of this kind. I was not
surprised at this, because it is the natural tend-
ency oi my colleague to look at everything in
a party aspect and not in the broader and more
general view that I think as Senators we are
compelled to take. But I did not expect him
to appear here as the apologist of the Kuklux
Klan.
Mr. President, he says that men in the South
are excused for the degree of violence that has
prevailed in some of the southern States.
How excused? Let me ask him now, in all
candor, to name to me a single Democrat ora
single man in the southern States who has
been deprived of any right whatever by the
Republican party of the southern States on
political grounds.
Mr. THURMAN. I can name as many as
you can truthfully name on the other side.
Mr. SHERMAN. My colleague talks about
military commissions trying men and shooting
them after trial. No such case has occurred.
He talks of military commissions organized to
condemn and kill.
Mr. THURMAN. I said they had the power
to do it. _
Mr. SHERMAN. Let me go further. The
Senator says that the Republican party and
the Republican Administration, and the head
of the Republican party have organized mili-
tary commissions with a view and purpose to
kill and destroy. Now, sir, there is no such
case. The only case that ever occurred was a
case where the power of the Supreme Court
interposed to preventan execution; and I think
there the Supreme Court was wrong. Colonel
Crane, his and my constituent, was shot down
in the streets of Jackson, the capital of Mis-
sissippi, by a lawless and cowardly desperado
when he was unarmed and defenseless. When
he was tried by a military commission, so care-
ful was this great party of life that he was tried
fully, there was a full examination, and then
the action of the military authorities was post-
poned until the judgment of the Supreme Court
of the U nited States was taken upon it; and that
man who killed one of my constituents in cold
blood, which would be denounced in any Chris-
tian country in the world as cold-blooded mur-
der, is now the favored recipient of courtesies
and kindnesses from the people whom we sub-
dued in this rebellion. Sir, it is a remarkable
fact in history that my colleague cannot now
name a single man, woman, or child in the
whole southern States who has been deprived
by the Republican party of his or her rights
for political reasons.
Mr. THURMAN. Will my colleague allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. What did our own con-
stituents do with the marshals of the United
States in Ohio, near Wellington, who were
executing the warrant of the United States
under the fugitive slave law?
Mr. SHERMAN. My colleague wants to go
back to pre-war times and examine whether
somebody did not resist a marshal in pursuit
of a fugitive slave.
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, we are
talking now about more modern transactions.
Strange as it may appear, here are eight mil-
lion people who slaughtered three hundred
thousand of the bravest and best of our land;
who covered our land with woe; who caused
us an expenditure of $4,000,000,000; and yet
when they lay down their arms not one of them
has ever been injnr-ed in life, liberty, or estate.
There is not in the history of mankind an
example of kindness, forbearance, generosity,
humanity such as has been shown by the great
party to which most of as belong to these err-
ing Democrats of the southern States who
attempted to break up our Government and
desolate our land. On the contrary, how has
it been? The colored people of the southern
States were loyal and true to the Government,
