1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1453
ing surgeon of marine hospital service, whose duty
it shall be, under the direction of the Secretary, to
supervise all matters connected with the marine
hospital service, and with the disbursement of the
iund provided by this act, at a salary not exceeding
the -ate of S-,OOOper annum and his necessary travel-
in" expenses, who shall berequired to make monthly
reports to the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move to strike
out all of that section after the word "act" in
the eighth line.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope that amend-
ment will not prevail. We found great abuses
when we came to sift this hospital service. A
clerk in the Treasury Department was in the
habitof ordering medical supplies and all requi-
site articles for the hospital service, and we
found that a vastly greater amount was squan-
dered every year than was necessary. Med-
icines were ordered that were not needed and
where they were not needed; and so of cloth-
ing. I think the interests of the service re-
quire that there should be a supervising sur-
geon, and that he should be competent to give
proper directions. I hope the amendment of
the Senator from Maine will not prevail.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hardly think
the service requires the appointment of a new
officer at a salary of $2,000; and the neces-
sary traveling expenses must be pretty large.
It must be considered that these hospitals are
in every part of the country, and this will
involve the expenses of this surgeon in travel-
ing personally to visit the hospitals.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will state to the Sen-
ator that at present the Secretary of the Treas-
ury has authority to detail a surgeon for that
purpose, and has done so within the past year.
The chief duties of this officer will be here in
Washington, supervising the orders that have
heretofore been given by a clerk in the Treas-
ury Department, who was totally unfit to exer-
cise that kind of supervision.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have no objec-
tion that the Secretary of the Treasury should
have authority to detail officers, either in the
Navy or Army, in different sections of the
country to inspect these hospitals; but I can
hardly conceive that it is worth while to estab-
lish an officer at the rate of $2,000 ayear and
traveling expenses, the duties of which officer
shall be to travel over the entire country from
Maine to California to inspect these hospitals.
The chairman will see at a glance that it must
involve a very large expenditure, and I can
hardly conceive why an officer stationed oa
the coast, either of the Navy or the Army,
cannot be detailed to make all the inspection
and supervision on the Pacific coast, for ex-
ample, which under any reasonable circum-
stances are required.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will state that these
very abuses to which allusion has been made
in the course of this debate sprang up because
we had no supervising inspector of hospitals.
The Secretary of the Treasury and the Com-
mittee on Commerce have gone over this sub-
ject very carefully, and they are of the opinion
that it is economy and for the interest of the
hospital service that such an officer should be
appointed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Do I under-
stand that the Secretary of the Treasury
recommends the appointment of an inde-
pendent officer?
Mr. CHANDLER. The Secretary of the
Treasury recommends either the detailment
of an Army or Navy surgeon or the appoint-
ment of a supervising surgeon. The commit-
tee, as the Senate will perceive, have stricken
out the alternative, and have decided that the
supervising surgeon shall come from civil life.
That is the change the committee has made.
I suppose the Senate is aware that it is deemed
a very desirable thing on the part of officers
of the Army and Navy to be detailed for active
duty. Their pay is nearly doubled by it, and
they have been crowded into almost every pos-
sible or conceivable position in civil matters.
While on waiting orders their pay is about one
half what it is on active duty. We thought it
cheaper for the Government to appoint a phy-
sician and give him $2,000 a year, and have
his whole time, than to depute an Army or
Navy officer to perform this duty.
Mr. COLE. I understood the chairman of
the committee to state that the Secretary of
the Treasury had that authority now and had
already detailed some person,
i Mr. CHANDLER. He has exercised it.
I _ Mr. COLE. I cannot see, then, what objec-
tion there can be to the motion of the Senator
from Maine to strike out the section. If the
| Secretary has the authority at present why
reenact it?
Mr. CHANDLER. He details him now as
a Treasury agent, instead of as a surgeon, and
pays him at the rate of five dollars a day. He
has appointed surgeons as Treasury agents
for this examination before. The committee
! deemed that it was better to appoint a physi-
cian, paying him very little more, as the Sen-
ator can see, and have his services here to
superintend orders for the hospitals, as well as
make examinations.
Mr. COLE. I was aware that the Secretary
of the Treasury had made an appointment of
that kind not long since, and that the party
was acting under it; but on what pretense or
pretext I did not know before.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Government has
now detailed an Army surgeon, who is on full
pay. Prior to the detailment of this Army sur-
geon a civilian was in the employment of the
Government.
Mr. HAMLIN. Now, I want to ask the
Senator from Michigan if this is not the pre-
cise effect of the bill: strike out the section as
originally proposed and insert the section which
he proposes, and an agent of the Treasury
Department is to be appointed with a com-
pensation of $2,000 a year and his traveling
expenses. Now, the Department want an
examination of the hospital at Boston. This
agent must reside somewhere. He has got to
have "a local habitation and a name," and
wherever that habitation is, he must travel
from that habitation all the way to Boston to
make that examination. If the Department
want an examination at San Francisco he must
traverse the continent. Now, there is no period
of time of any considerable length when both
Army and Navy surgeons may not be found in
San Francisco or in that vicinity ; there is no
time when Army and Navy surgeons may not
be found in close proximity to all our hospitals.
In the one case, then, you would pay the travel-
ing expenses of an officer that is already in
existence and nearer to the place ; in the other
you would pay an officer $2,000 a year and pay
him his traveling expenses for traversing the
continent from one extreme to the other. It
seems to me that that is just the whole case.
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir; that is not
the whole case ; it is part of it, however. At
present there is an officer of the Army detailed
who has his headquarters here, who has taken
the place of the civilian who heretofore exercised
these duties. You want that officer here more
than anywhere and everywhere else, because
the orders for hospital supplies come here,
and have heretofore been supervised by a clerk
in the Treasury Department. You want an
officer here who has examined the hospitals
and understands their needs, to supervise and
direct and order the supplies of medicines and
whatever else is required. This bill authorizes
the appointment of that man; and the very
information which he obtains on that voyage
of inspection is the information he requires
here on the spot. In other words, it is simply
a question whether you will detail an officer
of the Army or Navy, a3 now, or appoint a
civilian. That is all there is to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Maine [Mr. Morrill] to the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on concurring in the amendment
made as in Committee of the Whole.
The amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed,
naval deficiency bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. With the con-
sent of the Senator from Michigan, 1 desire to
submit a report from a committee of confer-
ence.
The report was read, as follows :
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments of the
Senate to the bill (XI. R. No. 1097) making appropri-
ations to supply deficiencies in the appropriations
tor the naval service for the year ending June 30,
1870, and for other purposes, having met, after full
and free conference have agreed to recommend and
do recommend to their respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede from their first amendment.
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the third amendment of the
Senate, and agree to the same.
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the second amendment of the
Senate, and agree to the same with an amendment,
as follows ; strike out the words "two million" and
insert in lieu the words : "one million five hundred
thousand," and the Senate agree to the same.
LOT M. MORRILL,
A. II.CRAG1N,
E. CASSERLY,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
II. L. DAWES,
LEONARD MYERS,
J. F. BENJAMIN,
Managerh on the part of the House.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That had better be laid
aside until we can look at it.
Mr. TRUMB CJLL. The Senator from Ver-
mont can look at it; but we all want to know
what it is. Perhaps the Senator from Maine
can explain it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I can explain
it in a moment. The disagreement between
the two Houses was as to the amount to be
appropriated. The House of Representatives
agreed to appropriate $1,500,000, and the Sen-
ate increased it to $3,000,000. This confer-
ence committeegive$2,000,000, divided among
the bureaus in the proportions in which the
appropriation was originally made by the bill,
$500,000 to the Bureau of Steam Engineering,
and $1,500,000 to the Bureau of Construction
and Repair. The other amendments had been
agreed to before by the House as to the previous
appropriations being covered into the 1 reasury.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is that the only effect
of the report of the committee of conference,
to agree that $2,000,000 shall be the sum appro-
priated?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir ; that is
it. We agree to appropriate $500,000 to the
Bureau of Steam Engineering and $1,500,000
to the Bureau of Construction. The other
amendments proposed by the Senate were
agreed to by the House of Representatives.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The amendment requir-
ing unexpended balances of appropriations to
be covered into the Treasury is still retained ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir; that
was agreed to by the House. There was no
disagreement except as to the amount of money
to be appropriated.
Mr. CAMERON. This is a very important
subject, and I think this report had better lie
over a little while.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will say to the
honorable Senator from Pennsylvania that it
is of the utmost importance that this matter
should receive the earliest possible attention.
Mr. CAMERON. A day or two is of no
account.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It does not
amount to a great deal to us, but it does to
five thousand or six thousand laboring men
who are lying idle.
Mr. CAMERON. I should like to under-
stand this matter, which I really do not now.
I know there is a great deal of unfortunate
legislation done here through committees of
conference between the two Houses. It is but
fair that there should be some time allowed us
