1870.
TEE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
3341
wittiug would be more appropriate and iu bet- i
tcr shape if 1 had more time to collect inform-
ation. and especially to present statistics, I
was remarking that the question of the removal
ot-.he capital wasgermane to this amendment,
because it" the capital is to be removed this
building should r.ot be erected. Now, Mr.
rre.-idcnt,. L do not lcnow that I shall vote
•iSKiiust Ursappropriation, tor, asl uuderstand,
i do not know but that Chicago would proffer
uie stone of this new building, all wrought-up,
ready for the erection of the new Capitol iu the
West. 1 do not know but that we have the
quarries winch would furnish the material for
a capital such as these buildings are mado of.
.Mr. President, has it appeared in the history
of this country that the people of Washington
and the people surrounding Washington, in
Virginia and Maryland, have respected the
memory of the immortal Father of his Country
as the people upon the banks of the Mississippi
Itave done? Where, sir, is the memory of
Washington more sacredly held than in those
northwestern States? Who has stood up so
clearly to what he said when he declared that
ihe Union was the palladium of our political
liberties and salvation? Was it in the city of
Washington; was it in Maryland; was it in
Virginia? No, sir.
The gentleman referred to somebody that he
called, 1 think, a peripatetic adventurer iu the
House, from the State of Illinois, who was for
the removal of the capital—■—
Mr. WILSON. No; he did not say that.
Mr. YATES. Yes; he said from Illinois. ;
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I meant a 1
gentleman whose name has figured largely in
connection with this matter, Mr. Reavis.
Mr. YATES. I will say to the Senator from
Vermont, without depreciating him, that that
same man might well and ably fill his chair.
1 know him well and I know his abilities, and
I know that, his heart is in the question.
Mr. MORR1 LL, of Vermont. I said nothing
against the character of the gentleman; i
merely alluded to him as a gentleman who was
affected by this epidemic. That was all.
Mr. YATES. As a sort of visionary char-
acter ; that was the meaning of the Senator.
Bat, sir, there is nothing visionary in what he
has proposed about the removal of the capital.
I do not know that I shall oppose the appro-
priation proposed by the Senator from Ver*
mont for the reason that I have said, aad say
now, that Chicago herself will take the con-
tract to move all these buildings from turret
to foundation-stone. And I answer the Sen-
ator who asked the question whether it would
cost less to remove these buildings than it
would to make this appropriation for a State
Department building, that it will, cost the Gov-
ernment nothing, not one cent, to remove this
capital to the West. We may provide for
Washington; we may appropriate these build-
ings to some other purpose; but if they are to
be removed it will cost this Government
nothing.
Mr. President, the memory of Washington
is as dear to us in Illinois as it is to the people
of Washington city or the people of the sur-
rounding States. • It would not even do much
harm if the remains of the Father of his Coun-
try were transferred to a State where rebellion
and treason had never raised its bloody bead,
nor that the pilgrimage to the tomb of the
Father of his Country should be among a
people whose hands were high lifted to bear
aloft the standard of the Republic in the-days
of danger and of peril. It may be painful to
Virginia, but we must not sacrifice to such a
consideration the feelings of a great and mighty
people, and especially of those young men and
those old men who have gone out from the
East to plant the institutions of freedom in the
West, and build school-houses and raise the
humble frame church, with its steeple pointing
to heaven, and who have carried there the
thousand charms of civilization and Chris-
tianity.
You mast pot talk to rae of the. memories
surrounding the city of Washington. The peo-
ple of the Wegt have their memories bright
and sweet and cheerful for the father of our
country, for this city of Washington, and for I
the buildings wo have here erected. ]
But, sir, I will say to the Senator from Ver-
mont that his language, or at least his manner,
if it did not seem to be a sneer, at least seemed
to intimate that this was a question of .no seri-
ous magnitude. Sir, somebody asked thetitne
when this capital would be removed. 1 answer
it here to day that the capital of the United
States of America will be removed in less than
ten years from this time. These are not idle
words. It was a much longer period in which
I predicted the abolition of slavery, but it came
around in the course of human events. •
What will remove this capital? I have no
particular feeliug against the people of Wash- •
ington. I admit that perhaps forty or fifty
thousand of our noble dead are buried here,
and their memories are to be cherished as
much as they are upon the banks of the Father
of Waters or on the Tennessee; for they all ,
sleep in sacred graves. But, sir, the little |
State of Illinois, if you call her little, sent two ;
hundred and fifty-eight thousand men to this
war, all of whom regard Washington and its
institutions and its history as much as the
people here do, and perhaps more.
The reason why the capital of the United
States will be removed is, to come to the fact,
that this is a Government of majorities; ours
is a Government where the majority rules;
and where the power is there is the legislation
of this country, and when the voice of the
people comes up for a measure it must and
will be adopted.
Well, sir, the center of our continent is upon
the Mississippi river ; the power of empire ia
there ; the center of our trade and commerce
and business is there. There center the rail-
road commaniefttkHHi and enterprises of this
country. The South will come up with one
united voice for the establishment of the capi-
tal of the nation at St. Louis, or at Quincy, or
at some point upon the Father of Water3 where
we have communication to the Gulf, and with
foreign -Powers, and markets for our cotton,
our grain, and our productions of all kinds.
Besides ear cona-eetiea with-the East by thou-
sands and hundreds of thousands of miles of
railroad alt concentrate there within a belt of
four hundred miles, controlling and to control
the destiny of this country.
Why, Mr. President, the removal of the
; capital has been sneered at; but let me.assure
! Senators that ridicule, sarcasm, sneers, are
; nothing when you havO to meet the voice of
the millions of the people of the TTnited States
; who say that now the capital is not centrales
when the war began the capital was not in the
■ center of a loyal population, It should be in
the interior, where men will rally around it,
i stand by it, and support it. The capital shouid
| be accessible to the business of the country, to
the commerce of the country. These are the
considerations which are to control the inves-
tigation.of this subject. Notwithstanding these
marble halls and these public buildings, mag-
i nificent in architecture and construction, yet
! it is manifest destiny that the capital of the
l United States, must and will be removed.
! Mr. President, there are reasons for it. In
the first place I ould have the capital removed
to red nee the mileage of my honorable friend
from Nevada. He gets too much mileage, sir.
[Laughter.] I know it will diminish my mile-
age when we get the capital in Illinois.
Mr. STEWART. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him ?
Mr. YATES. I will allow the Senator to
say a word.
Mr. S I'EWART. I hope the Senator from
Illinois will have .that omitted in his speech,
because , jealousy or envy of the goo*J fortune
of otbera is not an element of his character.
His generosity well known.
: Mr. YATES. I only want to show it by
Way of argument that we must get to the Renter
of trade and population, and where the power
and commerce and business of the country
concentrate; and while it reduces my mileage
it will also reduce the mileage of the honor-
able Senator, and increase tbe mileage of the
Senator who is in the chair, [Mr. Bayard.]
Mr. President, I would prefer to speak to-
morrow On the subject. 1 only speak now
because there has been a lull on this question
of the removal of the capital; but there is a
; deep feeling in the heart of the people of the.
| Northwest., in the valley of the Mississippi, and
in the southwestern States, that there are no
reasons why this capital should remain here.
There are some memories about this place
which are not so sacred as those already re-
ferred to. The battle of Bladensburg, and the
burning of the Capitol in 1814, because it is no
commercial point, because it is no point where
protection can be afforded, as it would be if it
were surrounded by brave men with brave
hearts and interested iu this country in t-he cen-
tral States, are not agreeable memories. There
is another memory, when the Government of
the United States with its capital, Washing-
ton, was cut off from supplies by the removal
of one hundred and fifty rails or so from a rail-
road track—the only railroad track from the
city—and we were left at the mercy of the
enemy Then if Breckinridge had been as
brave in war as he was bold in treason, the
capital was at the mercy of the army that sur-
rounded it.
It is astonishing, it ia amazing to me that
when every county in Illinois has a railroad,
and two crossing each other, and so through-
out the West, all our communications in a busi-
ness aspect should point everywhere except to
Washington. It is amazing that there has been
no prosperity in Washington except what has
been inspired and engendered by appropria-
tions like that now proposed by the Sena'or
from Vermont. I stand amazed, whea that
Senator, perhaps, will vote that the Educa-
tional Bureau shdLL have ouly $6,400.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
probably did not hear my remarks on that sub-
J*Mr. YATES. I did not.
Mr. MORi.ii.LL, of Vermont. I was for the
larger sum.
Mr. YATES. Ofchpr Senators are voting
that the Educational Bureau shall have only
$5,400—$3,000 lor the Commissioner and tho
balance for clerks; not enough to educate one
single Irishman who lands on the wharf iti New
York arid says hie is going to vote the Diramy-
cratic ticket;" and yet these Senators will stand
up here and say that with accommodations all
around him, the Secretary of State, with these
public buildings, in which he can find a con-
venient and splendid place to put his Depart
ment at any time, this vast expenditure shall
now be undertaken. I venture to say that
sonate bureau of the Government would be will-
ing to occupy that old building with a tin roof
which has been spoken of, with proper repairs,
and in some of the larger structures, like thet
Patent Office or Treasury building, the Seo-
| retary of State could find a very comfortable
, place.
i Now, Mr. President, in conclusion I have to
! say that at this period of our history—and I
| say it for the benefitof the Republican party—
this is no time to increase the taxes by building
monumental structures to the memory of Wasb-
ington. A crazy feeling seems to have come
over this people all at ouce for the memory of
tho immortal dead. I venture to say that there
is not a man in the United States who has a
greater regard for the memory of Washington
than my friend from Nevada, [Mr. Nye,] and
he lives out on the mouutains away off tosvard
the Pacific coast, where the air is pure and
olear; and he will have just as much regard
for the memory of Wasbiugton when the capi-
tal ia removed as he has sow.
