1454
Tm CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
to investigate and look at the basis of the
report.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If I can get the
Senator's attention I can state precisely how
it stands. The disagreement between the
Houses was whether we should appropriate
$3,000,000 or $1,500,000, and the committee
have compromised it and inserted $2,000,000.
That covers the whole disagreement between
the two branches.
Mr. CAMERON. After what has been said
by the chairman of the committee, the Senator
from Maine, I withdraw mv objection. It
seems we save a million by this report; that
is a little saving, and I am glad to accomplish
that.
The report was concurred in.
collisions by water.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. 473.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (8. No. 473) amendatory to
an act fixing certain rules and regulations for
preventing collisions on the water, approved
April 29, 1864. Inasmuch as there has been
doubt or misapprehension concerning the effect
and the true intent and meaning of articles
eleven and thirteen of the act fixing certain
rules and regulations for preventing collisions
on the waters, approved April 29,1804, the bill
declares—
1. That the two articles, numbered eleven
and thirteen respectively, only apply to cases
where ships are meeting end on, or nearly end
on, in such a manner as to involve risk of col-
lision. They consequently do not apply to
two ships which must, if both keep on their
respective courses, pass clear of each other.
2. Thatonly cases in which these two articles
apply are when each of the two ships is end
on, or nearly end on, to the other; in other
words, to cases in which by day each ship sees
the masts of the other in a line or nearly in a
line with her own ; and by night to cases in
which each ship is in such a position as to see
both the side lights of the other.
3. That those two articles do not apply by
day to cases in which a ship sees another ahead
crossing her own course, or by night to cases
where the red light of one ship is opposed to
the red light of the other; or where the green
light of one ship is opposed to the green light
of the other; or where a red light without a
green light, or a green light without a red light,
is seen ahead; or where both green and red
lights are seen anywhere but ahead.
The Committee on Commerce reported the
bill with an amendment, which was to strike
out in lines sixteen, seventeen, eighteen, and
nineteen the following words:
In other words, to oases in which by day eacli
ship sees the mast of the other in aline or nearly in
a line with her own; and by night to cases in which
each ship is.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I would like to hear it
read as it is with the amendment adopted.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is simply the sense
of the amendment the Senator desired ?
Mr. CONKLING. That is all.
Mr. CHANDLER. Commencing at the
fourteenth line, with the words stricken out, it
will read:
That only cases in which the said two articles
apply, are when each of the two ships is end on, or
nearly end on, to the other, in snch a position as to
see both the side lights of the other.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
change op a propeller's name.
Mr. CONKLING. Before the Senator from
Michigan proceeds farther with the business
in his charge I ask consent to be allowed to
report from the Committee on Commerce the
bill (S. No. 485) to authorize the name of the
propeller Thomas McManus to be changed to
that of City of Newburgh, which I am author-
ized to do, with the recommendation that it
pass. I ask that it be considered now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds in the chair.) Is there objection to the
present consideration of the bill reported by
the Senator from New York from the Com-
mittee on Commerce? The Chair hears none.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 485) to
authorize the name of the propeller Thomas
McManus to be changed to that of City of
Newburg.
Mr. CONKLING. It is proper for me to
! say that evidence has been furnished to the
I committee that this vessel is seaworthy, and
i the change of name is wished for appropriate
and unobjectionable reasons.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
[| amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
j third reading, read the third time, and passed.
j r p. parrott.
1 Mr. CHANDLER. I move now to proceed
I to the consideration of Senate bill No. 421.
| The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 421) for the relief of R. P. Parrott was
read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It is a direction to
' the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to R. P.
Parrott the sum of $12,198 35, in full payment
for building an iron light,-house at Cape Canav-
: eral, in the State of Florida.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
1 reading, read the third time, and passed.
! stanley's ciiromos.
| Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that the
! Senate proceed to the consideration of Senate
joint resolution No. 119. I
The motion was agreed to; and the joint !
resolution (S. R. No. 119) to admit free of duty !
certain printed chromos was read the second :
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It provides that certain printed chromos
of Indian paintings belonging to John M. Stan-
ley, not exceeding twenty thousand copies,
shall be admitted free of duty, under such rules
and regulations as the Secretary of the Treas-
ury may prescribe; but the permit so granted
to John M. Stanley is to be in full settlement
of all claim against the United States for the
destruction by fire of certain Indian paintings
belonging to him in January, 1864, at the time
of the burning of the building of the Smith-
sonian Institution, in the city of Washington.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
american and asiatic telegraph.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. 117.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 117) to encourage and
facilitate telegraphic communication between
the eastern and western continents. It pro-
vides that the American and Asiatic Telegraph
Company shall have the exclusive right for the
period of fourteen years to construct, land, and
maintain a line or lines of submarine cable on
the Pacific coast of the United States, to con-
nect the American and Asiatic coasts by sub-
marine telegraph. Such line or lines are to
commence at or south of Cape San Juan, in
Washington Territory; and the said company
is to begin to lay the submarine cable within two '
years, and complete the same within three years. '
In order to encourage and aid the construc- i
tion of the telegraph within and beyond the '
limits of the United States the Secretary of
the Navy is authorized to detail for the use of
the surveys and soundings along that portion
of the Pacific coast in America and Asia where
it is proposed to establish the telegraph one
or more steam vessels to assist in surveys and
soundings, laying down submerged cable, and
in transporting materials connected therewith,
and generally to afford such assistance as may
be deemed best calculated to secure a success-
ful promotion of the enterprise. The Govern-
ment of the United States is at all times to
have priority in the use of the line or lines of
the company, and to have a right to connect
its line or lines by telegraph with any military
post of the United States, and to use the same
for Government purposes. In order to secure
the same from injury by evil-disposed persons,
to the interruption of public business, the Sec-
retaries of the Navy and of War are authorized
to direct the commanders of military and naval
districts or stations, and other officers acting
under authority of the United States in the
territory or coast traversed by this telegraph,
to use any available force at their command to
protect the same. The line or lines of tele-
graph are to be at all times open to the public,
and to any other telegraph company, upon the
payment of the regular charges for transmis-
sion of dispatches; and all dispatches received
are to be transmitted over the line in the order
of their reception at the telegraph office, and
the answers to the dispatches shall be delivered
to such parties as may be directed by the
sender.
Mr. COLE. Near the beginning of the first
section I move that the word "exclusive" be
stricken out. It gives the company the exclu-
sive privilege for fourteen years. That, of
course, would preclude any other company
that might wish to lay a cable across the Pacific
ocean from ports in America to ports in Asia.
I therefore move that the word " exclusive'' be
stricken out.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Then there is no use of
the bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. This is a bill of great
importance. I have had no opportunity to
examine it, and I am not certain that I ever
saw it before; and with the leave of the chair-
man of the committee which reported it, I ask
that the bill be laid upon the table for the
present.
Mr. SUMNER. Let it be passed over. It
will then take its place on the Calendar.
Mr. CASSERLY. Very well; let it be
passed over.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let it go on the Calen-
dar, and I will call it up at some future day.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am willing that the
bill shall be passed over until to-morrow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California moves that the bill be post-
poned until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
licenses to yachts.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of bill
No. 237.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 237) for the encour-
agement of yachting, improvement in naval
architecture, cultivation of naval science, and
'amendatory of the act authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to license yachts.
The Committee on Commerce reported an
amendment to the bill, to strike out all after
the enacting clause and insert the following:
That the first section of the act entitled "An aot
to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to license
yachts, and for other purposes," approved August
7,1848, is hereby amended by inserting in the first
clause thereof, after the words " port to port of the
United States," the words " and by sea to foreign
ports."
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted. That yacht? be-
longing to a regularly organized yacht club of any
foreign nation which shall extend like privileges to
the yachts of the United States shall have the privi-
lege of entering or leaving any port of the United
States without entering or clearing at the custom-
house thereof or paying tonnage tax.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That for the
identification of yachts and their owners a commis-
sion to sail for pleasure in any designated yacht
