142
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15,
exercised, by Congress and the President, and
the judicial by the courts. Every power that
is not in its nature judicial is political. The
political powers are distributed or apportioned
between Congress and the President by the
Constitution of the United States, in some cases
by-express: words and in others by necessary
implication. All the powers specifically dele-
gated tp Congress by the Constitution are sub-
ject in their-exercise to a qualified veto by the
President; but a subsequent majority of two
thirds; destroys the effect of the veto. The
President is Commander-jn- Chief of the Army
and Navy ; but Congress may say there shall
be neither Army nor Navy. The President must
nominate, and by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate appoint, all officers; but Con-
gress must determine whether or not there shall
be any offices to be filled. The President must
receive embassadors and other foreign minis-
ters when any can be received; but as Congress
has the power of declaring war it may make it
impossible for the President to receive any rep-
resentative of any foreign Government. So of
all the powers which the Constitution confers
upon the-president, excepting only the pardon-
ing power. _ Congress has the ultimate power,
directly or indirectly, of practical supervision,
and Congress may by the express terms of the
Constitution make all laws-necessary and proper
for carrying into execution all powers vested by
the_ Constitution in the Government of the
United- States or in any department or officer
thereof. There is no one doctrine of our
fathers so plainly engraven upon and all over
the face of the Constitution as their distrust
and jealousy of executive or kingly power, and
they determined to and did hedge it in on every
side by the overshadowing powers which they
conferred upon their own representatives in
Congress.
The management of our foreign relations is
not by the Constitution conferred upon the Pres-
ident beyond the mere right to receive the rep-
resentatives of foreign Governments. But this
power was to a large extent conferred upon the
President by the act of Congress creating the
Department of Foreign Affairs, now called the
State Department, which makes it the duty of
the Secretary of that Department to take charge
of our correspondence with foreign nations in
many particulars specified in the act, and to
conduct the business " in the said Department
in such manner as the President of the United
States shall from time to time order or instruct."
By this act, not by the Constitution, the Presi-
dent. was made the organ for communicating to
foreign Powers the will and wishes of this na-
tion. But in regard to what is the will of the
nation Congress remains, as it was before the
passage of that act, the authoritative exponent.
it belongs to Congress to determine what line
of policy the Government shall pursue toward
foreign nations engaged in war, or toward a
foreign State waging war upop its revolted
colonies or any district of any colony; and it
belongs to the President to communicate this
determination to the nations concerned. This is
one of the most delicate, and, as it may involve
peace or war, one of the most important de-
partments of onr foreign affairs; and I shall
show presently that Congress has fully regu-
lated the whole subject.
What, then, is neutrality by the law of na-
tions.'' Pkillimore, one ofthebest writersupon
international law, volume three, page 201, says:
.'' relation of neutrality will be found to con-
sist m two principal circumstances:
1. Entire abstinence from any participation in
tne war.
ents2'"ImPartiality °f conduct towar<l both belliger-
This being the end to be accomplished, the
nieans to be employed must vary and change
with the varying circumstances of the ease. If
permitting both Powers to purchase in the neu-
tral country arms, ammunition, supplies, ves-
sels of war, &c., will not give one of the bel-
ligerents an advantage over the other, then it
may be permitted to both. If, however, the
circumstances of the contest are such that this
permission would be advantageous to one and
not so to the other belligerent, then both should
be forbidden. An illustration of this view may
be found in one of the rare instances in which
Great Britain has been honest in her declara-
tion of neutrality. When peace was concluded
between Great Britain and Spain in 1814 Great
Britain stipulated in the treaty not to furnish
any succor to what was then denominated the
revolted colonies of Spain. In 1818 Great
Britain passed her neutrality act, based upon
our act of 1817, which 1 shall examine, recog-
nizing her obligations to the colonies equally
with Spain herself; and as she could not under
the treaty export arms to the colonies, this act
was passed to prevent such exportation to either.
Wheaton says, Dana edition, 439:
" It was in order to give full and impartial effect
to the provisions of the treaty with Spain, which pro-
hibited the exportation of arms to the colonies, but
did not prohibittheir exportation to Spain, that the
act of Parliament declared the prohibition shouldbe
matual. When, however, from the tide of events
flowing from the proceedings of the congress of Ve-
rona, war became probable between Erance and
Spain.it became necessary to review these relations.
It was obvious that if war actually broke out the
British Government must either extend to France the
prohibition which already existed with respect to
Spain, or removefrom Spain the prohibition to which
she was then subject, provided they meant to place
the two countries upon the same footing. So far as
the exportation of arms and ammunition was con-
cerned it was in the power of the Crown to remove
any inequality between thobelligerent parties simply
by an order in council. Such an order was conse-
quently issued, and the prohibition of exportin g arms
and ammunition to Spain was removed. By this
measure the British Government offered a guarantee
of their bona fide neutrality."
The true principle is that the neutral must
pursue such a line of policy and change the
policy as often as it may be necessary to pre-
vent one belligerent from obtaining at her hand
any advantage over the other. If, therefore,
the circumstances of the present contest be-
tween Spam and Cuba are such that to author-
ize both to buy arms, ammunition, and gun-
boats in the United States would be equal in
terms but unequal in consequence; if, in other
words, we know that under such a permission
Spain was able and Cuba unable to purchase
gun-boats, then such permission would enable
Spain to obtain at our hands an advantage
over Cuba, and would be a violation of our
duty as a neutral. This would be keeping the
promise to the ear and breaking it to the hope.
It would sound fair to the ear for us to say
Spain and Cuba, either and both, may buy gun-
boats in the United States; but if we know
that Cuba cannot avail herself of such permis-
sion, and that Spain can and will, and will
thereby obtain from us a decisive advantage
over Cuba, then such permission, though im-
partial in terms, would be dishonest in fact;
and so far as Cuba is concerned it would be
adding insult to injury. So much for honest
neutrality under the law of nations.
But what is the American doctrine upon this
subject?
I have said that Congress has the power to
regulate this subject for the United States, and
that Congress lias done so. _ Under the law of
nations neutrality only exists when two or
more independent,recognized Governments are
waging war against each other, or at least when
actual hostilities are progressing between a
recognized Power and someportion ofits rebel-
ling subjects who have become consolidated
into an actual community or State de facto,
with such population and power as would en-
able them if left to themselves to assume the
obligations and perform the duties of an inde-
pendent State.
Free institutions for the government of great
nations are of modern invention. In 1776 our
fathers astonished and startled the world with
a new gospel of political truth : that all men
are created equal and possess the inalienable
right to throw off tyranny and govern them-
selves. The justification of a revolt is to be
found, not in the numbers or strength of the
rebels, but in the causes whic'j make it neces-
sary. Every revolution must have a small,
irregular, and, speaking in the sense of civil
law, an illegal beginning. But if tyranny has
become insupportable the right to resist is un-
doubted. Resistance may be useless, unsuc-
cessful, but whether it be justifiable or not
depends upon its cause, not its result. Poland
was partitioned by force, and Hungary was
trampled in the dust by the combined power of
Russia and Austria, but mankind has never
hesitated in determining who was right and
who was wrong in those cases.
The United States having set a great example
of successful revolution, and been blessed with
prosperity and grown to greatness as an inde-
pendent nation, has a right to form and express
its own judgment upon the subject of revolu-
tions generally. It was at full liberty to say
it would, like the monarchies of Europe, frown
upon any revolution, and to the extent of its
power under the law of nations throw its influ-
ence in favor of tyranny, and never recognize
a rebelling colony until its rebellion should
be fully accomplished and its recognition was
forced upon the world by the fact of nation-
ality accomplished; or it had a right to say,
this great Republic will in its foreign rela-
tions observe every actual duty to every nation,
but will also remember that only by revolu-
tion did it become a nation, and that any other
colony or district of colony suffering from
tyranny has a right to rebel, and whenever it
does so and a state of hostilities is ready to
be inaugurated the neutrality of the United
States shall be enjoyed by the rebels from the
firing of their first gun.
In the early prize cases, in the first ten vol-
umes of Wheaton, the Supreme Court fre-
quently held that the parties were belligerents
though no proclamation of the President or aet
of Congress had so declared. They were held
to be belligerents by common consent and
from the notorious fact that such was the case ;
and the court took notice of the facts, as it
always does of the general history of the world.
How was it in the late civil war in the United
States ? I have never understood that the con-
federate States were acknowledged by the Uni-
ted States as an independent Power; and yet
our Supreme Court sustained condemnation
in private cases from the proclamation of the
President declaring blockade of the southern
ports. (See prize cases, 2 Black's Report.)
I come now to show that Congress in the
most deliberate and solemn manner has ex-
pressly determined the policy of this country
tobe neutrality, with recognition of belligerent
rights ^from the inception of an actual rebel-
lion. The first act was passed in 1794; found
1 Statutes-at-Large, 381. The third section of
this act declared it to be a high misdemeanor
to fit out and arm within the United States, or
procure to be fitted out and armed, any ship
or vessel with intent that such ship or vessel
should be employed in the service of any foreign
prince or State with whom the United States
were at peace, fixing heavy penalties for the
offense, and declaring that the vessel should
be forfeited.
In 1S16, President Madison directed the
seizure of a vessel in the port of New York
under the provisions of this act, which was
alleged had been fitted dut with intent that it
should be employed " in the service of a foreign
State, to wit,^ that part of the Island of St.
Domingo which was then under the govern-
ment of Petion, to commit hostilities upon
the subjects of another foreign State, with
which the United States were at peace, to wit,
that part of the Island of St. Domingo which
was then under the government of Chris-
tophe."
Neither Petion's nor Christophe's govern-
menthadbeen recognized by the United States,
and both were contending for supremacy in
this island.
This seizure was declared illegal by the dis-
trict court of the United States, and afterwards
the case of Hoyt vs. Gelston (13 Johns., 141)
