1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4287-
Mr. POMEROY. Leave ittothe Senate to
decide. I do not want to debate the question,
'l'he Senator himself voted for the bill last year,
bonds and all.
Mr. THAYER. This is a different question
entirely. If I understand it, this bill does come
in conflict with another proposed giant in the
State of Nebraska.
Mr. HOWARD. I beg to say, if the Sen-
ator will allow me, that those two companies
have come to an agreement between them-
selves, and I shall offer an amendment to the
bill which will be perfectly satisfactory to both
those companies. This is no encroachment
at all upon the Nebraska company.
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. President 
Mr. THAYER,. I yield to my colleague.
Mr. TIPTON. I desire to say in regard to
this road, that it has been an object of desire
with me for the last two years to have a grant
of land that would assist in extending a road
from the Missouri river westward to Denver.
This road actually crosses it, on its way to the
Union Pacific railroad, and there would be a
conflict. We have agreed with the Central
Branch Pacific road, so that an amendment is
to be placed on this bill which will be satisfac-
tory to the region of the State from which I
come in regard to the point of crossing. No
railroad grant has yet passed for that section
of the State of Nebraska in which I reside, and
I have felt an interest therefore in this bill. I
do not, I cannot have any feeling as indicated
by my colleague on this subject. I know that
it is the desire of some people living on the
Missouri river to compel all the back country
to pay tribute to our river towns. I believe
we shall have population for three hundred
miles back from the Missouri river, and it will
be a positive benefit, therefore, to that popula-
tion to have such an outlet as this Central
Branch Pacific road will give them. Hence I
desire to see both bills pass, this bill and the
one for the road that is to cut it at right angles
from my own town and through my own section
of the State.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator and myself
agree about it exactly.
Mr. THAYER. Do I understand the Sen-
ator from Kansas to say that this bill makes no
grant of any lands in the State of Nebraska?
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir. The Senator
from Michigan gave notice that he has an amend-
ment which is satisfactory to the company.
Mr. THAYER. But that does not answer
my question. Some Senator stated that it made
no grant of lands within the State of Nebraska.
Mr. POMEROY. I was not that Senator.
Mr. THAYER. Did I understand the Sen-
ator from Michigan to make any statement on
that subject? .
Mr. HOWARD. Isaidnothmgaboutit. Isaid
I'should offer an amendment to the bill which
would reconcile both the companies who claim
lands, an amendment upon which both com-
panies have agreed, as I am credibly informed;
and I have no doubt that such is the fact; and
further that by this amendment there will be
granted to the Central Branch railroad no lands
lying within the limits of Nebraska.
Mr. THAYER. I did not hear the last
remark. , , . , T
Mr. HOWARD. The amendment which 1
propose to offer, I will say, will not grant to
the Central Branch any lands lying within the
limits of Nebraska. All the lands lying within
the limits of that State will be granted to the
other railroad company.
Mr. THAYER. But the present bill pro-
poses a grant within the State of Nebraska in
alternate sections. It really is in this shape :
by another bill another company is to have the
odd sections, and by this bill this company is
to have the even sections. Now, I come to the
point. It is really giving away a whole belt ol
land, leaving none to be disposed oi by the
Government to actual settlers within the btate
of Nebraska, if I understand it correctly.
Mr POMEROY. I hope the merits oi the
bill will not be discussed on the motion to take
^r. THAYER. I hope the bill will not be
taken up this morning, because there are Sen-
ators who have certain views upon the meas-
ure who are not prepared to consider it this
morning. 1 ask, why is this pressure made in
behalf of this bill when it has been almost im-
possible to get up any other bill during the
morning hour?
Mr. HOWARD. It is more than two years
since this measure was brought before Congress
in behalf of the Central Branch railroad. We
have discussed it at great length heretofore
upon the question of granting additional bonds
of the United States to the Central Branch.
Finally the company have come to the conclu-
sion that it is useless to apply to Congress ior
that description of subsidy, and they are now
content to receive a further subsidy in lands,
not in United States bonds.
Mr. POMEROY. That goes to the merits.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not wish to go into
the merits of the bill. That is improper on
this occasion. I will simply say that, accord-
ing to my judgment, this company is entitled
to some indemnity at the hands of Congress for
the wrong done to them heretofore by our own
legislation. At any rate, we ought to have the
bill considered, so that we may see what it is.
Mr. THAYER. In reply I will simply say
that if the fact that a bill has long been pending
before Congress and has been frequently con-
sidered is a reason why it should now be passed,
there are a great many bills in that category
which might demand the attention of the Sen-
ate. The Senate has several times voted down
the proposition to pass this bill, and that,
therefore, furnishes no argument for taking it
up now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Kansas.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 469) relating to the
Central Branch Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany.
The bill was read. It provides that noth-
ing contained in the act of Congress approved
July 3,1866, relating to the Union Pacific rail-
way, eastern division, shall deprive the Central
Branch Union Pacific Railroad Company, as-
signee of the Hannibal and St. Joseph Railroad
Company, of its right to continue its road and
telegraph line westerly from the termination of
the one hundred miles mentioned in the act
of Congress incorporating the Union Pacific
Railroad Company, approved July 1, 1862, to
a connection with the Union Pacific Railroad
Company, as one of the branches thereof; but
the Central Branch Union Pacific Railroad
Company may continue its road westerly from
the termination of the one hundred miles to a
connection with the Union Pacific railroad at
any point not further west than the one hun-
dredth meridian of west longitude, upon the
same terms and conditions in all respects as are
provided by law for the construction of the one
hundred miles. But no subsidy iu United
States bonds is to be allowed to the Central
Branch Union Pacific Company for any greater
length of road than the one hundred miles on
which bonds have already been issued. In ease
the United States have sold any sections of
land or parts thereof to which the Central
Branch Union Pacific Railroad Company would
otherwise heretofore have been or hereafter
shall be entitled, or the right of preemption or
homestead settlement has attached to the same,
or the same has been reserved for any purpose
whatever, then the Secretary of the Interior is
to cause to be selected from the public lands
of the United States nearest to those sections
so much land as shall be equal to the amount
of such lands as the United States have sold,
reserved, or otherwise appropriated, or to which
the right of homestead settlement or preemp-
tion has attached, which lands thus indicated
by the direction of the Secretary of the Interior
shall be withdrawn by the Secretary from pre-
emption, homestead settlement, private entry,
and sale, and are granted to the Central Branch
Union Pacific Railroad Company. But no land
is to be selected above twenty-five miles from
the road, nor are any of the lands of the com-
pany to be hereafter subject to homestead set-
tlement or preemption under the laws of .the
United States.
_ Mr. SHERMAN. I think there is one over-
sight in that bill. It authorizes the selection
of even sections. Is that the purpose?
Mr. HOWARD. 1 shall offer an amendment
to this bill to strike out all after the word
aforesaid," in line nineteen, page 1, and
insert instead thereof what I send to the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the first amendment of the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad.
Mr. HOWARD. There are no amendments
suggested by the committee upon which the
Senate need act if the amendment I have sent
to the Chair be adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is that to be in
lieu of the amendments of the committee?
Mr. HOWARD. In lieu of the amend-
ments, and in lieu of all the bill after the word
" aforesaid," in the nineteenth line.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection this will be reported as the amend-
ment of the committee, in lieu of those incor-
porated in the bill.
Mr. POMEROY. It should be treated as
an amendment to the amendment.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. Then this is an
amendment to an amendment. The Secretary
will report the amendment of the committee.
The Chief Clerk. The first amendment of
the committee is, in line forty of the first sec-
tion, to strike out after the word "selected"
the word "above," and to insert" more than
so as to make the clause read :
But no land shall bo seleoted more than twenty-
five miles from said road, nor shall any of tho lands
of said company be hereafter subject to homestead
settlement or preemption under the laws of tho
United States.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan moves to amend the amendment.
The proposition will be read.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to strike
out all of the bill after the word "aforesaid"
hi the nineteenth line, and to insert:
Provided, That.no further subsidy in UnitedStates
bonds shall he allowed to said Central Branch Union
Pacific Kailroad Company: And provided. That the
Central Branch Union Pacific llailroad Company
shall be allowed, and is hereby authorized, to issueits
own mortgage bonds to an amount not exceeding
$32,000 per mile upon all that portion of its road on
which no United States bonds have been issued : And
provided. That there shall be, and are hereby, re-
served from the grant to tho said Central Branch
Union Pacific Railway Company all sections and
parts of sections of land designated by odd numbers
situated within the limits of the State ot Nebraska,
and lying westerly of the termination oi the ono hun-
dred miles aforesaid; also, any sections or parts^ ot
sections of land designated by odd numbers lying
westerly of thetermination of the one hundred miles
aforesaid, to which tho St. Joseph and Denver Uty
Railroad Company may become entitled on comply-
ing with the provisions of tho act of Congress apper-
taining to said St. Joseph and Denver City Railroad
Company, approved July 23, and lymsr within
the limits of twenty miles on each sideoi the route ot
tho St. Joseph and Denver City railroad, as now des-
ignated and filed with theSecretary of the Interior-
And provided farther. That where the United State3
have sold or disposed of any sections, or parts of sec-
tions, designated by odd numbers, on the line ot the
road of the Central Branch Union Pacific Hallway
Company, and within the limits of its grants, or the
same have heretofore been or are hereby reserved, or
therightof preemption or homestead settlement nas
attached to such sections, an equivalent amount
of lands is hereby granted to said company, to oo
selected by the Secretary of the Interior from th<,
public lands ofthe United States: Provided, ibatno
land shall bo selected more than twenty-live urnes
irom the line of said road. . th _ni(i
Sec. 2. And be xl further enacted. 1 Imt the saiU
Central Branch Railroad Company shal , within six
months after this act shall take effect o i* .
operation, accept the same by an instrument under
its corporate seal, and file the we'" t( t it
ment of the Interior .and thereby declare uwi™
accepts the same in fafl.sate&ctii® , reason of
of whatev er July 3,1860; and shall also,
wi?hin thfsisfmonths1 afores&d'. designate the Ken-
eraJ route of its road as near as may be, and file a
