1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1455
belonging to any regularly organized and incorpor-
ate! yacht club, stating the exemptions and privi-
le-c? enjoyed under it, may be issued by the Secre-
tary of t he Treasury, and shall be a token of credit
i.) any United States official, and to t ho authorities of
nay foreign Power, for privileges enjoyed uuder it.
Mr. IIAMLIX. If the Senator from Mich-
igan will give tue his attention I would suggest
that there ought to be another section to tlie
bill. The old law, according to my recollec-
tion, prescribes rights and obligations confin-
ing yachts to our own waters. Now, this gives
them the privilege of visiting foreign countries.
That is all very well ; but I suggest to the Sen-
ator if they go to a foreign country ought they
not on their return to enter? That is, put the
jaclits under the inspection of a revenue offi-
cer, and there can then be no doubt or uncer-
tainty as to any violation of law. I think a
section should be added in a very few words,
setting forth that any yacht which shall visit a
foreign country or port, on its return shall
make due entry at the custotn-house in the
port where it shall arrive.
Mr. COLE. Is not that the law now ?
Mr. HAMLIN. But this takes these yachts
out of the law.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Maine proposes to amend the amend-
ment reported by the committee, which the
Clerk will read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment to the
amendment, as follows:
And any yacht which shall visit a foreign port shall
on its return make due entry at the custom-house
of the port at which it arrives.
Mr. CHANDLER. I accept that amend-
ment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection that amendment will be made.
Mr. HAMLIN. The words of the amend-
ment should be "and any yacht which under
the provisions of this act shall visit a foreign
port,'' &c.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That cor-
rection will be made; and the question recurs
on agreeing to the amendment reported by the
committee as amended.
Mr. HAMLIN. " Shall visit a foreign coun-
try under the provisions of this act," the
amendment should read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That cor-
rection will be made. The question recurs on
the amendment reported by the committee, as
amended.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed Its title was amended so as to read,
"A bill to amend an act entitled 'An act to
authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to
license yachts.' "
PRESERVATION OP HARBORS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move to proceed
to the consideration of Senate bill No. 424.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 424) for the preserva-
tion of the harbors of the United States against
encroachments.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Com-
mittee on Commerce have reported an amend-
ment, to strike out all after the enacting clause
of the bill and to insert a substitute. The sub-
stitute only will be read, unless the reading of
the original bill should be called for.
The Chief Clerk read the substitute, as fol-
lows:
That the chief of the corps of engineers of the
Army, the chief of the Bureau of Navigation of the
-*avy, and the Superintendent of the Coast Survey
are hereby constituted a board of commissioners for
tue preservation of the harbors of the United States
■gainst encroachments and obstructions; which
board shall elect one of their number to be president
of the board, and shall in like manner elect a secre-
tary, who shall keep a full record of all the proceed-
ings of the board. The board thus constituted shall
be attached to the War Department, and shall per-
torm its duties under the direction of the Secretary
of War, and shall adopt such rules for its government
as may be judged expedient. It shall bo the duty of
tho board to deline the boundaries of the principal
harbors of the United States and to prescribe the
limits beyond which no encroachment shall be made,
or structure erected, or obstruction created, except
such as may be undertaken and carried on under tho
authority or by permission of tho United States. It
shall be the duty of the board to recommend such
measures as may be requisite to Congress, through the
Secretary of War, for the preservation of the harbors
of the United States and for tho removal of all ob-
structions therefrom, and all persons, on notico from
tho board that any work in progress or contempla-
tion willin the opiuion of the board bo an obstruc-
tion or encroachment to any harbor, shall imme-
diately cease all operations thereon, and tho same
shall not be further prosecuted without the assent
of the Congress of tho United States.
Skc. 1!. vind be it further enacted. That it shall bo
the duty of the board having determined tho bound-
aries of any harbor as aforesaid, to make a plan
thereof, and to describe tho samo in writing, a do-
tailed report of which shall bo made to tho Secretary
of War, and all maps and charts defining the bound-
aries of harbors shall be deposited in the office of
tho chief of the corps of engineers of the Army, and
copies of the same for each harbor shall bo deposited
in theoffice of the collector of customs of the district
in which said harbor is situated, and the same shall
be open to inspection of tho public.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That such neces-
sary traveling and incidental expenses, when in the
disehargeof their duties away from the city of Wash-
ington, as the Secretary of War shall approve, and
no other compensation, shall be paid to the members
of said board; and such compensation, not exceed-
ing 82,000 in anyone year, as the Secretary of War
shall approve, shall be paid to the secretary of said
board.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move, from the
Committee on Commerce, in line eighteen of
section one, after the word "created," to in-
sert "to any harbor or the channel of any
navigable riverso that the clause will read:
It shall be the duty of tho board to define the
boundaries of the principal harbors of the United
States, and to prescribe the limits beyond which
no encroachment shall bemado or structure erected
or obstruction created to any harbor or the channel
of any navigable river, except such as may be
undertaken or carried on under the authority or
by the permission of the United States. j
The amendment was agreed to. \
Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President, this bill, ;
I hope, will not be passed to-day. It is a very
important bill. I can truly say that I cannot
conceive of a more important bill. It is a bill
which introduces a new feature altogether in
our legislation. It is a bill, I think, and many
other lawyers, and learned lawyers too, think
is unconstitutional. When the original bill to
which this is an amendment was before the
Committee on Commerce one of the most dis-
tinguished lawyers of my State, my predecessor
in this body, appeared before the committee
and made a long argument in which he took
that position. 1 have never until to-day seen
the amended bill. I had made some prepara-
tion to speak on the original bill; but to-day
the committee come in and move an amend-
ment to strike out the whole original bill and
insert a new draft. I have not had time to
compare the two bills to see if the features that
were objectionable in the original bill still
remain.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the honorable Sen-
ator allow me a moment? He will be quite
safe in assigning the same objections to the
substitute as he would have assigned against
the original bill. The two are for all practical
purposes identical. The substitute corrects
phraseology, but makes no material change in
the bill excepting one which I have before in
private mentioned to the Senator. The sub-
stitute drops two of the persons contemplated
by the original bill as commissioners, so that
the board will be composed of three persons
here defined in place of being composed of
those three and two others, civilians, to be in
some way selected. That is the only change,
if it be a substantial one, in the bill; so that
the Senator may proceed with the assurance
that all his objections aud arguments will be
applicable here just as they would have been
had the original bill been reported unamended.
Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President, I did not
rise to make any argument on this bill now ;
as I stated, I rose simply to ask the Senate not
to force this bill to a vote to-day until Sena-
tors can have an opportunity of examining it.
This bill greatly concerns, whether for good or
evil, the States which the Senator from New
York and myself represent. It concerns all
the great harbors of this country. It is giving
to three gentlemen the power to define the
limits of those harbors. It is taking a power
which has heretofore existed in the courts away
from the courts, and giving it to three cotn inis-
sioners. It ij in my humble judgment giving
judicial powers to the commissioners appointed
under the bill. I only mention that, as one
feature to which it strikes me the attention of
the Senate should be directed.
The questions involved are certainly grave.
I should like to hear from the Judiciary Com-
mittee on this bill before it is passed. And
yet I may be entirely mistaken as to it. The
Senator from New York may be right; but cer-
tainly the fact that it does concern our States
that the amendment was only brought in to-
day, that my colleague is at home on a sick
bed, unable to be here, and has uever seen the
bill in its present shape, and that I have'never
seen it until to-day, and the Senate is so thin,
these considerations I think ought to be reasons
why the Senate should at my earnest request
permit this bill to go over. I move that this
bill be passed over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New Jersey moves that the further con-
sideration of this bill be postponed until to-
morrow.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope not. I think
this bill is a good bill and ought to pass. It is
introduced without any relation to New York
or New Jersey or any other State specially.
It simply gives authority to a commission of
three distinguished engineers to stop the prose-
cution of any work until the meeting of Con-
gress ; provides that no encroachment shall be
made on any harbor or navigable river without
authority of Congress. That is all. There
ought to be power somewhere to stop the prose-
cution of every work that shall become a nui-
sance to navigation until Congress shall say it
is or is not a proper work. That is all there is
about it. I think it ought to pass.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, insofar
as this bill relates to the State of New Jersey
it is no novelty. In so far as there be objec-
tions to it which the Senators from that State
are interested in assigning it is a story which
has become somewhat old. If indeed its effect
will be to determine whether proceedings con-
ducted now by railway companies in the State
of New Jersey be encroachments upon the
great harbor of the nation it is urgent in its
mission. In its supposed application to the
instance which has been suggested by the Sen-
ator, and to which I now refer, the bill not only
in substance but in its form, so far as every
essential is concerned, has been pending in the
Senate now more than a year.
Measures of delay have come before from
the State of New Jersey ; applications to com-
mittees of this body to suspend action, and
action has been suspended in the hope, and
sometimes with the assurance, that the par-
ticular reason, if reason there be, connected
with the harbor of New York should cease.
And now I humbly submit, without the slightest
disposition or even a willingness to incommode
my honorable friend from New Jersey, that
delay merely should no longer interpose to
prevent the consideration of this measure. Of
delay there has been too much. Of all the
understanding which pause and consideration
and leisure can give there is not only enough,
but as much as is possible.
The questions are familiar ones. They have
been very often discussed, and the honorable
Senator, I know, is ready at any time to pre-
sent them. There is nothing special in the
form of the bill. It is that question which
has appeared and disappeared and reappeared
so often, and therefore I cannot vote to delay
any longer the adoption of this or some other
