5232
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
leave the income tax out, but when We came
to take the vote on gross receipts I found myself
voting in the minority, and I was beaten. It was
a tie vote. I could find nobody who was will-
ing to move a reconsideration, and therefore I
felt obliged, as I stated to several Senators
while the vote on gross receipts was going on,
to make a motion to reconsider the repeal of
the income tax. I did make that motion, and
I justify myself and am very glad of it. At the
same time I shall be still more glad to go back
and relieve incomes altogether and leave the
burden upon the receipts of great railroad com-
panies and theaters and upon successions. If
Senators are willing to open these three great
questions I am willing.
Mr. SHERMAN. The reason is very patent
that after the vote striking out the income tax
was negatived we then proceeded to consider
the sugar tax, and adopted it, and wo have
placed it beyond our power. We have adopted
an amendment, reported from the Committee
on Finance, reducing the duty on sugar, and
we had adopted an amendment reported from
the Committee on Finance repealing the tax
on gross receipts. These three subjects were
inseparably connected; and now to go still
further and open up the question of legacies
and successions is to throw aside our whole
work for the last two weeks.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator will pardon
me if I say it is not necessary to get unanimous
consent on that, as we have not voted in such
a way as to prevent our reaching it; but I am
not certain about that. However I would
insist upon that, I am willing to put the ques-
tion of the tax on gross receipts and incomes
together.
Mr. SHERMAN. Grossreceiptshavealready
been agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. So has the income tax.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know that, and sugar
is in the same way.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to say, although I
do not desire to interfere with the management
of this bill by the chairman of the Finance
Committee, that. I will not consent to anything
of the kind. We have shilly-shallied here now
about this bill for a week or two ; and I am
opposed to any action reviewing what we have
done, unless it can be done under parliament-
ary law. 1 think wo had better proceed and
reach a conclusion some time or other; but if
we are going to begin now by unanimous con-
sent, and go back and rediscuss these questions
and take other votes, we may look to see this
Congress expire before we reach any conclu-
sion as to this bill. So far as I am concerned,
I wish to have it understood that nothing of
that kind can be done with my consent. This
will make it unnecessary for Senators to ask
for unanimous consent on these questions. The
bill satisfies me just as it is. I want the in-
come tax just as it stands, and I want gross
receipts exempted from taxation, and I am sat-
isfied with the tax on sugar; aud I hope the
bill will pass in its present shape.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I think the Senate is
prepared to vote on this question to-night. I
think we have as full a Senate to-night as we
are likely to have to-morrow, and if this ques-
tion is to be reconsidered, I suggest that we
take the vote to-night on the income tax and
the tax on gro«s receipts.
Mr. POMEROY. Ifindtherearetensections
in this bill relating to the income tax. 'i'hey are
not sections that were amendments of the Sen-
ate ; they are the original text of the bill. They
have been amended in two particulars. ' 'Three''
has been stricken out, and "two and a half"
inserted, and some other verbal amendments.
It is entirely in order to move to strike out the
whole ten sections. That will bring a direct
vote on the question whether we shall have an
income tax or not; and whenever this question
is taken, I propose to move to strike out the
whole ten sections. These sections are part
of the House bill, not amendments of the Sen-
ate, that have been put in and agreed to. If
they were we could not proceed without a recon-
sideration. But this is part of the House bill;
it is the original text. The bill is in the Sen-
ale, and open to amendment, and I move to
strike out the whole ten sections in relation to
the income tax.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Kansas moves to strike out all the
sections relating to the income tax.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask if that motion has
not been voted on and reconsidered, and then
voted down? Those sections were all stricken
out in committee, and that amendment was
reported to the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. Does the Senator make
a point of order?
Mr. SHERMAN. I want to know if it is in
order. I think it is not iu order.
Mr. POMEROY. I think it is perfectly in
order.
Mr. CONKLING-. If it is not in order, there
is just as simple a way to do it.
Mr. POMEROY. Let us have the decision
of the Chair. I know it is in order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
thinks the motion of the Senator from Kansas
is in order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Would it be
in order to introduce a resolution to extend
the session for thirty days?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. As an
amendment to this bill? [Laughter.] The
question is on the amendment of the Senator
from Kansas.
Mr. TRUMBULL. On that let us have the
yeas and nays.
Mr. POMEROY. I want to hear those sec-
tions read.
Several Senators. No; no; we understand
them.
Mr. POMEROY. If Senators understand
what they are 
Mr. CONKLING. The motion is to strike
out all the sections that relate to the income
tax.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend that
motion by making it a motion to strike out
those ten sections, and to insert these words:
And the existing provisions of law relating to the
tax upon gross receipts are hereby continued.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I knew that before.
[Laughter. ]
Mr. HOWELL. Why do yon want to com-
plicate it ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not want to com-
plicate it. My vote will be guided entirely
by this question of gross receipts ; but I will
not give my reasons over again. If that tax
stands in the bill as the chairman moved it,
I am then willing to let the income tax go.
But if the Senate does not want it in the bill,
then I want the income tax in. Therefore I
put them together.
Mr. CONKLING. I think the Senator
ought to allow us to have an opportunity to
vote separately.
Mr. POMEROY. As I do not want the vote
in that shape, I withdraw my motion.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to offer an amend-
ment. I offer, to come in at the end of section
thirty-five, as well as anywhere, as it now stands,
the following proviso; (section thirty-five is
the first section relating to the income tax:)
Provided, That no sueh tax shall be levied or col-
lected until by act of Congress it shall be hereafter
so directed.
I move that, as an addition to what has been
already agreed to by the Senate, not to dis-
place anything which is there. I move that
as an addition to the tax bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I raise a question of order
that that is directly i-n the teeth of what the
Senate has already decided. We have already
voted that it shall be, and you propose to add
that it shall not.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. In the ap-
prehension of the Chair, this is a proviso that a
law shall not take effect until it is reenacted.
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. POMEROY. It is part of the statute
itself.
Mr. CONKLING. Let the Chair rule on
the point of order. This is offered,a? an in-
tegral part of the section. The section, pro-
vides that in. 1871 and- 1872 a certain .thing
shall be done. This proviso is that that action
shall not commence until the further direc-
tion of Congress by act, which I can find in re-
peated statutes, I will say to the Senator who
makes that suggestion, in the book already.
Therefore it certainly cannot be out of order, on
the ground that it is repugnant; and if it be
repugnant, that certainly is not a ground of
order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senateby an express
vote has, as an amendment, declared that the
income tax shall be collected for two years in
the future. Now the Senate proposes to add
an amendment, standing with that, that it
shall not be collected at ail. It is simply nul-
lifying, reversing its own decision. It is no
amendment. It is impossible to m#ke it in
order.
Mr. CONKLING. I will accommodate the
Senator, if that is his suggestion, although I
do not think there is anything iti it. I will
modify my amendment so as to fix a day
before which this shall not be done.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is the same thing.
Mr. CONKLING. I will change it so as to
fix a future day, before which it shall not be
done.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us hear it m the
changed'form.
Mr. POMEROY. Whether it is sense or
grammar, or consistent with another portion
of the bill, the Chair cannot say as a question
of order. It must be received, even though it
is entirely inconsistent with the whole bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is perfectly true.
It may be inconsistent with the bill; but all
there is of the question of order is that the
body cannot say one thing shall be done by its
own action and then in the same breath that it
shall not.
Mr. CONKLING. Why not?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yon can provide that a
bill which is offered to you, and which has not
become the act of the Senate, may be made as
inconsistent as yon please; but you cannot
provide by one amendment that a thing shall
stand as the law and then provide in the next
amendment that it shall not, because that is
reconsidering a previous action, which can
only be done in the forms prescribed.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Ver-
mont objects to this as a point of order on the
ground that it is inconsistent with what has
previously been done. No matter how incon-
sistent, that is not a question of order. Yon
may pass two sections in a statute, one exactly
against the other, but as a question of order it
cannot be objected to on that ground. We
might object to it as legislators, but not on the
ground of a question of order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I believe this discussion
is not in order. I know very little about the
rule3, but I wish to suggest, as it seems to be
allowable, to the President of the Senate that
I suppose these rules are established for the
promotion of business, and that in their inter-
pretation we are to be governed by some rea-
sonable construction of them. Now, when the
Senate has passed a bill or has passed an amend-
ment, and it wishes afterward to change it, the
proper mode is to move to reconsider it. We
all know that. Now, it cannot be, it does not
hold to reason that you can do so by saying iu
a proviso that you can accomplish the same
thing ; else your motion to reconsider, which is
confined to two days, would amount to noth-
ing. The Senator from Vermont is clearly righi<
and I think the Senator from Kansas must be
wrong ■, because when you have adopted a sec-
tion of a bill and have agreed to it, and have a
rule that after a certain length of time you can-
not move to reconsider it, if a person can come
