2400
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4.,
of Governor Bullock or the State Legislature
of Georgia. There is the real trouble. If we
leave it to be done by the legislative authority
in Georgia, you will have a civil war in Geor-
gia almost as certain as fate. The argument
of the honorable Senator from Michigan on
this point at least was clear, that Congress
must determine tho question whether or not
this Legislature should be extended ; and I
say now if I could see anywhere authority in
Congress to extend tho term of the Legislature
of Georgia, I would exercise that power for
the good of the whole people of Georgia. The
trouble is, where will you find the power?
Mr. WILLIAMS. In the eleventh section
of the eleventh article of tho constitution.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have read that. If I
could find any authority whatever in Congress
to extend the period of the term of the Legis-
lature of Georgia I believe it would bo a wise
thing for the people of Georgia, because it
would at least put off for two years longer a
popular contest which may lead almost to civil
war and to bloodshed. But I want to see the
authority. I will read tho eleventh section of
the eleventh article, which my honorable friend
from Oregon refers to :
" Should this constitution bo ratified by tho people
and Congress accept tho samo with any qualifications
or conditions, tho Govcrnmont herein provided for.
and the officers clcctcd shall nevertheless oxist and
continue in tho oxerciso of their several functions aa
the governmont of this State, so far aa the samo may
bo consistent with tho action of tho United States in
the premises."
Now, I ask my honorable friend from Ore-
gon, who is a good lawyer, does that clause
which actually points to v/liat has occurred in
the admission of every new State, authorize
Congress to extend thu term of the Legislature
two years? In tho case of every State ever
admitted since the foundation of the Govern-
ment to this time, there have been fundamental
conditions and qualifications, terms, and lim-
itations, and this clause merely aimed at the
possibility that after the admission of Georgia
there would be some kind of fundamental qual-
ifications, terms, or conditions ; but does that
imply that Congress should be allowed, with-
out the consent of the people of Georgia and
the Legislature of Georgia, to extend the terms
for which the men were elected ?
Mr. STEWART. Have there over been be-
fore any conditions having reference to the
term of office in any State admitted, condi-
tions of the character contained in this pro-
viso referring to the eontinuauce of the officers
iu their places?
Mr. SHERMAN. I tell my honorable friend
there have been conditions of almost every
kind, character, condition, quality, and color
attached to the admission of new States. I
must confess I am still in search of authority,
and if any Senator can show me any law, any
provisions of the acts of reconstruction, any
provision of the constitution of the State of
Georgia, any authority whatever for Congress
to extend the period for which these men were
elected to office, I should be very glad to vote
for it; but I caunot see any.
Mr. President, I think there is a way out of
this difficulty, a way that can be followed with
safety without violating the Constitution or
stretching our authority. We have, it so hap-
pens, under the Constitution of the United
States ample power to protect the people of
the State of Georgia. They have now a Legis-
lature duly organized, which we can recognize
and arm with tho full power of a State. The
very moment Georgia is admitted the Legis-
lature is in session or can be brought together
in session. It is full-armed with all the powers
of a State. When you have a State govern-
ment thus organized and thus armed with full
power what is the result? You have here the
national Government under the control of the
friends of free institutions ; you have the State
government and the State Legislature under
the control of the same authority. The Legis-
lature and Congress combined may secure law
and order in every county of Georgia without
any trouble whatever.
What was the difficulty in the past? There
has been no organized militia to put down
riots; nothing but the military power of the
Government, which was not commensurate to
the purpose; but the moment the Legislature
is convened, and Georgia is admitted, what is
the power thus conferred on the State Legisla-
ture? The power to organize the militia, to
arm it, to control it. The Legislature of Geor-
gia may convene the very day after this bill
passes; the militia of Georgia may be organ-
ized, and arms may'be put into tho hands of
the militia; and then if the Kuklux Klanwant
to murder there may be murders on both sides.
There will be an armed militia; there will be
guns iu the hands of the negroes as well as
guns in tho hands of lawless white rebels.
There is no difficulty at all, because tho Con-
stitution of the United States expressly gives
to Congress and to the national Government
the power to suppress domestic violence iu a
State; not merely insurrection, not merely re-
bellion, but domestic violcncc; and Congress
has already substantially authorized tho em-
ployment of the entire military force of the
united States to aid the local authorities in
putting down domestic violence. If the Legis-
lature convene after tins law passes, we may
at once, upon the demand of the Legislature
when in session, or upon the demand of the
Governor when the Legislature is not in ses-
sion, give them the whole power of tho militia
of the United States and the regular Army.
Tho clause of the Constitution to which I refer
is express.
Mr. RAMSEY. With the consent of the Sen-
ator from Ohio 1 move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no desire for an
executive session, but I am willing to yield to
the wish of tho Senate.
message fkom tiih house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clintox Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed tho fol-
lowing bill and joint resolution ; in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. Ii. No. 1705) to fix tho time for
the election of Representatives and Delegates
in the Congress of the United States; and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 2!i4) directing
an inquiry into the loss of the United Stales
steamer Oneida.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced thatthe Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills; and they were thereupon signed by the
Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 410) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act for the relief of Alexander J.
Atocha," approved February 14, 1865 j and
A bill (II. R. No. 1491) for tho relief of
Tobias J. Kindelborger.
obsequies of general tiiomas.
The message further announced that the
House had agreed to the recommendation of
the Vice President of the United States and
the Speaker of tho House of Representatives
as to the arrangements to be made m connection
with the obsequies of Major General George II.
Thomas, and for the appointment of a joint
committee of the two Houses of Congress to
attend the funeral of the deceased as repre-
sentatives of Congress, and had appointed
Mr. John A. Logan, of Illinois; Mr. James A.
Garfield, of Ohio; Mr. N. P. Banks, of Mas-
sachusetts; Mr. H. W. Slocum, of New York;
Mr. C. C. Washuubx, of Wisconsin; Mr. S.
J. Randall, of Pennsylvania; and Mr. W. B.
Stoeus, of Tennessee, the committee on its
part.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The House of
Representatives having concurred with the
Senate in the arrangements made by the Vice
President and the Speaker of the House of
Representatives for assisting in the obsequies
of General Thomas, six Senators are to be
appointed on the part of the Senate. By whom
shall they be appointed ?
Several Senators. By the Chair.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. There being no
objection, they will be appointed by the Chair ;
and the Chair announces as the committee on
the part of the Senate Mr. Wilsojt, Mr. Came-
ron, Mr, Trumbull, Mi-.Thayeb, Mr. Warner,
and Mr. Cassekly.
IIOTJSB BILLS IiEl'ERllED.
Tho following bills and joint resolutions
were severally read twice by their titles and
referred as indicated below:
Abill (H. R. No. 40) to confirm the title of
William M. Garvey to a certain tract of land—
to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
A bill (H. 11. No. 601) declaring the con-
sent of Congress to the erection of a "crib "
in Lake Erie by tho city of Cleveland, Ohio,
for the protection of an inlet for a water-works
tunnel about to bo constructed by said city—to
the Committee on Commerce.
Abill (H. Ii. No. 869) to authorize the issu-
ing of a'certificate of registry or enrollment to
tho schooners Zenos Snow and Patriot—to the
Committee on Commerce.
A bill (H. R. No. 891) for the relief of
Charles E. Dole—to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (11. R. No. 1542) to authorize the city
of Buffalo, New York, to construct a tunnel
under Niagara river and to erect and maintain
an inlet pier therefrom—to the Committee on
Commerce.
A bill (II.^R. No. 1CG7) for the relief of
Janes, Fowler, Kirtland & Co.—to tho Com-
mittee on Claims.
A bill (H. Ii. No. 1009) for the relief of
Harriet E. Parker—to tho Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims.
A Taill (H. R. No. 1705) to fix the time for
the election of Representatives and Delegates
in the Congress of the United States—to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 131) grant-
ing an American register to the British-built
schooner W. D. B.—to the Committee on Com-
merce.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 227) grant-
ing an American register to the British-built
schooner Vonilia—to the Committee on Com-
merce.
executive session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now is on the motion of the Senator from Min-
nesota, that the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration of executive business.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 wish there might be a
general understanding before we adjourn that
wo shall take the question on the Georgia bill
on Wednesday at three o'clock. Several Sen-
ators desire to be absent to-morrow; and if
we now agree to take the question on Wednes-
day at three o'clock, by uuanimous consent, I
think we can then get the vote.
The ^ VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kansas asks unanimous consent that the
vote shall be taken on tho Georgia bill and
amendments on,Wednesday at three o'clock,
unless sooner reached.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not think we can see
our way to that now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Minnesota.
Mr. CAMERON. I do not rise to debate
the motion ; but I wish to appeal to the Senator
from Massachusetts. J hope he will withdraw
his objection to taking the vote upon the Geor-
gia bill on Wednesday, for this reason : six of
the gentlemen of this body have been appointed
acommittee to follow tohislasthomeoneoftho
greatest men of this ceuntry, General Thomas.
They must leave here on Thursday at the latest,
to be able to reaeli Troy in time to follow to
the grave the corpse of that great man.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Pennsylvania states that six Senators will have
