144
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15,
because we say, and make no secret of saying,
that neither France nor England shall ever
control or exercise a protectorate over this
island. , x ,
Now let me state what I understand to be
the facts in relation to these gun-boats: about
the 1st of April last the Government of Spain
contracted in New York with Delamater, a
citizen of the United States, for the construc-
tion of thirty gun-boats which were designed
to be used against Cuba, and about the same
time at Cold Spring, near West Point, con-
tracted for the manufacture of the guns for
the equipment of these boats, and the con-
tractors respectively commenced work under
their contracts. In August last the President
issued an executive order notifying the con-
tractor of the gun-boats that they would not be
permitted to depart from the United States.
About the middle of October the guns being
completed were shipped on board the Euterpe
for Havana. Complaint was made to the
collector of the port of New York that these
guns were intended to be used by the Cubans
for the armament of the Cuban cruiser Hornet
in their hostilities against Spain. Thereupon
the Uterpe was seized for violation of our neu-
trality law. But on the representation to our
Government by the Spanish minister that the
reverse was the case; that the guns were in-
tended to be used by Spain, not against her,
the Euterpe was released and sailed with her
cargo of guns for Havana, where she arrived
in safety, and the guns are now there awaiting
the arrival of the gun-boats for which theyare
intended. About the 20th of November last
the Pizarro, a Spanish war vessel, entered the
New York harbor with crews of officers and
men intended to man these gun-boats, and is
now waiting at New York to receive these
boats and escort them to Cuba.
Another fact is deserving notice if it be a
fact—I state it as it is reported to me, and
believe the statement to be correct. The Hornet
whs purchased in this country by Cubans, was
taken into the open sea outside of the United
States, and there armed and manned to cruise
against Spain, and started on her way toward
the waters of Cuba with arms and supplies for
the revolutionists. Owing to the poor quality
of her coal she was unable to pursue her
voyage, and put into a port of the United States,
when she was libeled by the United States
upon the ground that she was intended for the
" service of the people of a certain colony of
the kingdom of Spain, to wit, the Island of
Cuba, against the subjects, citizens, and prop-
erty of the kingdom of Spain, and again, that
she was intended for the service of a foreign
people, to wit, a portion of the people of the
Island of Cuba, the same being a colony of
the Government of Spain." All of which is
charged to be against the third section of the
neutrality law.
The same proceedings were taken by the
United States against the steamer Catharine
Whiting; and both vessels are still held sub-
ject to those proceedings.
An indictment has been found ir. the circuit
court of the United States for the southern
districtof New York against Lemus and others,
charging them with hiring persons to enlist and
enter into the "service of a certain foreign
people, to wit, certain residents and natives
of the Island of Cuba, in the dominion and
territory of Spain," as a soldier, &c., against
the provisions of the act of 1818.
Now, sir, I submit upon this state of facts,
which the Cubans offer to establish by judicial
evidence, a great wrong, or rather an unac-
countable series of wrongs, has been commit-
ted by our Government. We are solemnly
bound b.ythelawof nations properly construed,
expressly.pledged by our own declarations upon
this subject, to stand entirely neutral between
Spain and Cuba; but as the law has been
administered it has been a shield to Spain, a
sword to Cuba.
In discussing this subject of neutrality upon
one occasion in Parliament Mr. Canning em-
ployed language exceedingly proper for us to
consider. He said:
" He knew well, indeed, that from the exhaustion
of Spain we were perfectly secure from hostility in
that quarter. That consideration, however, affords
a complete reply to the taunt that had been thrown
out against ministers that they allowed themselves
to be dictated to by Spain. But it was precisely be-
cause Spain was weak, because herresentroentcoula
be attended with no practical inconvenience, that
they weredesirous to discharge the duties 01 neu-
trality toward -her the more scrupulously. J.ho
maxim of "do unto others as you would they should
do unto you' was as applicable to politics as to
morals."—Philliinore's International Jjaiw,vol. 3, p. 215.
Liberty in Cuba is in the helplessness of
infancy; its life is feeble, its pulse low. I do
not invoke your aid on behalf of Cuba; I only
ask that to be done the neglect of which would
justly bring war upon us if Cubahad the strength
to enforce her rights. As it is, whether the
United States does its duty or violates its duty
Cuba is without remedy ; but there is a bar,
the bar of impartial history, before which all
Governments must stand ; there is a God and a
great book in which the deeds of nations are
written, and there is retribution for every
nation which knowing its duty does it not.
Mr. President, I have violated the traditional
courtesies of the Senate in coming forward with
so important a resolution myself I have per-
formed my duty in the premises. If I am the
only member of the Senate who sympathizes
in the object of the resolution, then that fact
may as well be indicated by its slumbering in
silence as in any other way. If other Senators
here believe that the resolution should be passed
their duty is, and they will know it, to see that
the resolution is put on its passage and put to
a vote.
I desire to state one further fact, and that is
that eighteen of these gun-boats are expected
to leave the United States on the day after
to-morrow.
Mr. President, my duty is done. Older
Senators will know whether they have any duty
to perform or not in regard to this resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The business now before
the Senate, it having been temporarily laid
aside informally by general consent, is House
joint resolution No. 72.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suppose, as
a matter of course, that the resolution m rela-
tion to the gun-boats will be referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations, and I move
that it be so referred.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Massachusetts has the floor.
Mr. SUMNER. I will make one remark
with the permission of the Senate. The Senator
from Wisconsin closed by saying that he under-
stood that eighteen ofthegun-boatswouldleave
to-morrow. I have had put into my hands a
telegram received last night from New York,
which I will read, as it relates to that subject:
"The vessels delivered by Delamater to the repre-
sentatives of the Spanish navy have their officers and
crew on board and fly the flag of Spain. They are
now as completely the property oftbat Government
as is the Piearro. Unless something not foreseen
occurs they will be at sea to-morrow morning, if not
already gone."
To-morrow morning is this morning.
Mr. NYE. Who is that from ?
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator asks me from
whom the telegram comes. I cannot tell. It
was handed to me by a responsible person con-
nected with our Government. But there are
eight other boats that are still unfinished, on
the stocks, to which the resolution of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin is applicable.
I have no disposition now to discuss the
great question involved in the speech of the
Senator from Wisconsin, but the Senator will
pardon me if I venture to suggest that he has
misapprehended the meaning of the statute on
which he relies. Certainly he has misappre-
hended it or I have. He has misapprehended
it or the Administration has. I do not con-
ceive that the question which he has presented
can arise under the statute. The language on
which he relies is as follows:
"If any person shall within the limits of the Uni-
ted States fit out and arm, or attempt to fit out and
arm, or procure to bo fitted out and armed, or shall
knowingly be eoncerncd in the furnishing, fitting
out or arming of any ship or vessel with intent that
such ship or vessel shall be employed in the eorvics
of any foreign prince or State, or ol any colony, dis-
trict, or people, to cruise or commit hostilities against
the subjects, citizens, or property of, any ioreign
prince or State, or of any colony, district, or people
with whom the United States are at peace, then," &c.
The operative words 
Mr. CARPENTER. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him one question?
Mr. SUMNER. I would rather finish my
comment on the section. The operative words
on which the Senator relies, being "any col-
ony, district, or people," I understand the
Senator to insist that under these words Spain
cannot purchase ships in the United States to
cruise against her Cuban subjects now in revolt.
That is theposition oftheSenator. Hestatesit
frankly. To that I specifically reply that the
language of the statute is entirely inapplicable.
Those words, if the Senator will consult their
history, were introduced for a specific purpose.
It was to meet the case of the revolted Spanish
colonies already for eight years in arms against
the parent Government, having ships in every
sea, largely possessing the territories on the
Spanish main, and with independence nearly
achieved.
I think that at that time in Buenos Ayres
there was no Spanish force, in Mexico a very
slight force, and only afew forts held through-
out that immense tract of country. There was
no question of belligerence. It was admitted
by all the civilized world. Nation after nation
practically recognized it. Our Government,
our courts, every department of the Govern-
ment recognized the belligercncc of those
| Spanish colonies. Their independence wits
! recognized more tardily after ample discussion
I in these two Chambers as late as 1820; but
; their belligerence was a fact perfectly estab-
| lished and recognized by every branch of the
i Government. To meet their case, and for no
, other object, as I understand it. Mr. Miller, of
South Carolina, on the 30th day of December,
1817, introduced the following resolution :
"Resolved, Tha,t a committee be appointed to in-
quire into the expediency of so amending the fourth
section of the act passed on the 3d of March, 1817, en-
ti tied 'An act more effectually to preserve the neutral
relations of the United States,' as to embrace within
the provisions thereof the armed vessels of a Gov-
ernment at peace with the United States and at war
with any colony, district, or people with whom the
United States are or may be at peace."
i There for the first time in our legislation
j appear the important words "any colony, dis-
i trict, or people;" and they were introduced to
cover the precise case of the revolted Spanish
1 colonies and their precise condition at that
| moment, there being no question of belliger-
ence. Now, the practical question is whether
these words introduced originally for a specific
purpose, having an historic character beyond
question, can be extended so as to be applied
to insurgents who have not yet achieved a cor-
porate existence, who have no provinces, no
j cities, no towns, no ports, no prize-courts.
Such is the fact. I cannot supply the fact if it
does not exist, nor can the Senator, with his
i eloquence and with his ardor enlisted in this
cause. We must seek the truth. The truth
is found in the actual facts. Now, do those
! facts justify the concession which the Senator
j requires ?
The Cuban insurgents, whatever the inspi-
: ration of their action, have not reached the
: condition of belligerents. Such, I repeat, is
j the fact, and we cannot alter the fact. Here
I we must rely upon the evidence, which, accord-
s ing to all the information within my reach, is
j adverse. They do not come within any of the
; prerequisites. They have no provinces—no
j towns—no ports—no prize courts. Without
| these I am at a loss to see how they can bo
I treated as belligerents by foreign Powers,
i Before this great concession there must be
