1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1457
world- The beauty of its scenery is unsur-
passed in the world: but it ought not to be
legislated upon hastily, without great reflec-
tion. The commerce of the city of New York !
fifty years hence compared with what it is now
will be two or three hundred fold more than it
is at this time, and then the Raritan bay, and
the lower part of the Hudson, and the lower
part of the East river will all be portions of
the harbor of New York.
But this is not the time to begin to make any
legislation on this subject. Let us go on and
improve it as much as we can; give to the city
of New York all the facilities for her com-
merce which she needs. I will give to her more
really than she needs ; I would give her almost
all she asks for, but I would not hamper her
in any way, and especially I would not allow
three men. or five men, or ten men to say what
the dimensions or the extent of that harbor
shall be.
I would leave it until we get over our debt
and commercial difficulties, when the country
becomes renovated from the evils of the war,
and when commerce again, as a natural thing,
shall begin to flow into our cities and harbors. I
would leave all that should be done to our har-
bors until that time. Wedo not understand now
what will be the commerce of New York. We
do not understand at all what will be her wants;
and, above all, we do not now understand what
belongs to other sections of the country. We
have too great and vast a country to think of
building up one town against all others. Why,
sir, after 1 shall have been dead forty or fifty
years there will be twenty towns as big as New
York now is competing for the commerce of
the world, and into every one of them will go
the flags of every nation of the world, and every
oue of them will dispense not only wealth,
but comfort and happiness to those around
them.
I believe that while we should foster com-
merce, and I will do it to the fullest extent of its
needs, we have three sister-industries to be taken
care of, commerce, agriculture, and the me-
chanic arts. Each is dependent upon the
others, and you must support the whole of them
to make all prosper.
I did not intend to say so much about this
bill when I rose. I now move to postpone it
for the present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is, shall the bill be postponed until to-
morrow?
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope it will not be
postponed. I think the bill ought to pass. I
will not go into any extended remarks ; 4 only
aek a vote.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have not had
an opportunity to examine in detail the par-
ticulars of this bill. I listened to the remarks
of the Senator from New York, and under-
stood that the bill chiefly applied to the harbor
of New York ; but I thhik, on looking at it,
that the bill as amended is much broader. It
seems to be a bill to protect the harbors and
navigable rivers of the United States against
encroachments. I desire to call the attention
of the Senator from New York to some features
of the bill. It seems to me that this bill cre-
ates a commission with power to define the
limits of the harbors of the United States.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the honorable Sen-
ator allow me a moment ? I beg to say, with
the concurrence of the chairman of the com-
mittee, that as it concerns the convenience of
the Senator from New Jersey more than he
stated before, there will be no objection now to
laying the bill aside for the present; and per-
haps the Senator from Maine would rather
postpone until it is taken up again the observ-
ations he proposes to make.
Mr. MORRtLL, of Maine. I have no speech
to make. If the bill goes over I will take an
opportunity to look into it. I have no objec-
tion to its going over until another day.
. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pend-
ing question is on the motion of the Senator
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 92.
from New Jersey, to postpone the bill until
to-morrow.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have no objection to
that motion now.
The motion was agreed to.
RECOMMITTAL OF A BILL.
On motion of Mr. HOWARD, the joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 121) authorizing the North-
ern Pacific Railway Company to issue its bonds
for the construction of its road and to secure
the same by mortgage, was recommitted to
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
MATTER PUBLISHED IN Till! GLOBE.
Mr. WILSON submitted a concurrent reso-
lution to prevent the publication in the Globe
of speeches not delivered in Congress.
Mr. WILSON. I hope this resolution will
be put on its passage at once. If there is
objection to considering it now, I hope it
will be taken up to-morrow.
Several Senators. Pass it at once.
Mr. CHANDLER. No; let it go over.
Mr. STEWART. Nobody objects.
Mr. WILSON. If nobody objects let it pass.
Mr. CHANDLER. If it leads to no debate
I will not object.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That no member of Congress shall
bo permitted to print in the Globe any speech not
delivered in Congress.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me the
wording of that ought to be changed.
Mr. TIPTON. I suggest the striking out
of the word " not" from the resolution before
! the word " delivered so as to read :
No member of Congress shall be permitted to print
! in the Globe any speech delivered in Congress.
[Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Nebraska.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the resolution is to
pass I think it had better be differently worded.
As I recollect it, it prohibits any member of
Congress from publishing certain speeches. I
think the proper form of the resolution would
be, if one of that kind is to pass, directing
the proprietors of the Globe—who, I believe,
are officers of the Senate and the House in a
certain sense—not to publish in the Globe any
speeches except such as are delivered in Con-
gress.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That is what it means
now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now it is an inhibition
on the member.
Mr. STEWART. That will do.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let the resolution be
read.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it should direct
the publishers of the Globe not to publish
speeches that are not delivered in Congress.
Mr. CONKLING. Allow me to suggest to
both Senators, can we riot say iu a word "that
110 speech not actually delivered in Congress
shall be printed in the Globe ?"
Several Senators. That is right.
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection to that
form.
Mr. CONKLING. I move, then, to alter
the phraseology, so as to read:
No speech not actually delivered in Congress shall
be printed in the Globe.
Mr. DRAKE. I should like to know whether
it is required that all speeches that are delivered
in Congress shall be published in the Globe ? I
have noticed several times that speeches which
were actually delivered in the Senate never aid
appear in the Globe. I wish to know how that
will be regarded, whether it be considered a
public benefit or a public disaster?
Mr. ANTHONY, (Mr. Ebmfnds in the
chair.) It should be said4 in justice to the re-
porters and publishers of the Globe, that when
speeches are delivered in either House and
are not printed in the Globe it is because the
speakers request the submission to them of the
manuscript for revision and do not return it.
The publishers of the Globe have no process
to compel them to return it.
Mr. WILSON. I hope we shall have a vote
on this.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to sug-
gest a verbal amendment, that instead of
J "Globe" we should say "Congressional
1 Globe.
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection to saying
1 " Congressional Globe," but they ought no:
to go either into the Daily or the Congressional
Globe.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is pro-
posed to amend the amendment by inserting
: before the word " Globe'' the word " Congres-
, sional."
Mr. CONKLING. Say " Daily or."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No; I do not
accept that.
Mr. CONKLING. " Globe" includes both.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. There is a dis-
, tinction. We employ these parties to print the
1 Congressional Globe, but they issue the Daily
i Globe independent of Congress.
] Mr. CONKLING. It is done under contract
made with the proprietors. •
I Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Not for the
: Daily. They print the Daily Globe inde-
I pendent of Congress. What we want to limit
is the publication in the Congressional Globe,
j which is printed by our authority,
i Mr. ANTHONY. The control of the Sen-
I ate over the Daily Globe is the same as over
! the Congressional Globe. The contract requires
the Daily Globe to be printed and copies fur-
nished to each member of Congress, and that
the Daily Globe shall be printed in time to bo
transmitted by the earliest mail. It is entirely
under the control of Congress,
j Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I was not aware
! of that.
Mr. CONKLING. " Globe" alone is better.
Mr. ANTHONY. Either way will do : either
say " Globe" or "the Congressional or Daily
Globe."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I withdraw the
amendment, under the statement made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from New
York.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. Before the question is
taken on the resolution I wish to make one
statement in justice to the Senate. This prac-
tice of printing speeches never delivered has
not prevailed in the Senate.
The concurretit resolution was agreed to.
CONSTRUCTION OF RAILROADS.
Mp CHANDLER. I now move to take up
for consideration Senate bill No. 526, to pro-
mote commerce among the States, and to
cheapen the transportation of the mails, and
military and naval stores.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope not. I want to
take up this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
of theSenatorfrom Minnesota is not debatable.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope he will withdraw
It until this bill is taken up.
Mr. RAMSEY. I withdraw my motion for
a moment.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move to take up
1 for consideration the bill I have indicated.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator from Mary-
land who is a member of the Committee ou
Commerce [Mr. Vickers] is obliged to be
abseut to-day ; and he begged me if that bill
; should be called up during his abseuce to inter-
pose on his behalf and request that it might go
over until he can be here.
Mr. CHANDLER. I would remark, I pre-
i £ose to have the bill read if the Senate will
j! permit me to take it tip. I told that gentle-
