1870."
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
443
41 sx Cong....2d Sess.
Internal Revenue—Mr. Mayham.
Ho. of Heps.
no substitute for specie.
My resolution says that no " substitution can
be devised " for gold and silver. There ia in
truth but one single and simple remedy, the
restoration of the currency to par with coin.
All attempts to evade this alternative are, and
in the nature of the case must be, entirely
futile.
The Government is entirely independent in
its position in relation to its bonds, and with-
out the slightest occasion to change or pay a
single one of them except at its own option.
Why, then,_ should it be regarded as necessary
to resumption oil the part of the Government
or banks that the debt should be reconstructed
by the issue of new obligations ? There is no
necessity or apology even for anything of the
kind as far as the currency is concerned ; and
the pretext that the rate of interest may thus
be reduced is an idle one, because the debt can-
not be refunded to the best advantage of the
country until the public credit is restored, and
that can be done only by making its notes
equivalent in value to gold.
By forcing the present banks to take part of
these bonds, and inducing the formation of
free-banking institutions, with liberty to issue
inconvertible currency upon the pledge of
United States stocks, a part of the national
debt may doubtless be worked off at a lower
rate of interest than it now bears ; but this
can only be done at a great disadvantage to
the nation ; because if to issue these new free-
banking notes the greenbacks must be called
in to make room for them, as is proposed, the
country will gain nothing, for the new banks
will have the use of the notes instead of the
Government. Bank notes will merely be sub-
stituted for greenbacks, and the banks will get
the interest upon them. What advantage this
will be to the people is not easily perceived,
nor how it will hasten the resumption of specie
payments.
Another project for restoring the currency
is by forcing down the premium by the sales
of gold until the greenbacks shall be at par
with specie. This has been attempted, and by
the aid of favoring circumstances of a tempo-
rary character the premium has been reduced
from 33 to 10.7 ; but what has this to do with
the restoration of the currency? If by this
coercive process the premium could be entirely
removed, neither the banksnorthe Government
could safely resume specie payments, because
both together have only some $125,000,000
of gold, and owe, on demand, all payable in
coin, more than thirteen hundred millions.
They have less than ten cents on the dollar
with which to meet their engagements; and
hence, if they commenced the redemption of
their notes and deposits they would soon be
compelled to suspend.
The assumption that when gold and green-
backs are at par the people will not want the
gold is a false one. Gold will be demanded
very fast if $1,300,000,000 may be called for on
demand, when everybody knows that the banks
and Government together cannot, furnish more
than some $125,000,000. We need not doubt
that most men will be shrewd enough to know
that as soon as the gold reserve should be
exhausted, as it would speedily be, gold would
again bring a premium, and those who held it
would mako a profit.
purchasing specie. !
Nor is the often-broached project of issuing
bonds and purchasing specie in Europe enti-
tied to the least regard. All the countries
of Europe put together could not part with
$200,000,000 of specie without deranging their
whole monetary system and causing general
panic. The Bank of England, by far the ablest
moneyed institution in the world, doesnotkeep
on an average over 3100,000,000 in specie.
How, then, could she spare any considerable
quantity to'us ? A call for $25,000,009 would
cause an instant rise in the rate of interest to
two or three times its usual rate.
So of any banking institution on the conti-
nent. Not oneof them could stand any consid-
erable drain of gold, for the good reason that
they keep on band no more than they need for
their own immediate operations, and to meet
tbe daily wants of their own customers. Be-
sides, if it were possible to introduce two hun-
dred millions of gold by such a process, it would
all go back to Europe again if our currency
should continue as redundant as at present.
Gold will not, for by the laws of trade it can-
not, remain in a country where there is a re-
dundancy of what passes for money. That, we
may rely upon. Nor is the assumption true that
itis more for the interests of the people that the
circulating medium remain as it is, rather than
be gradually contracted until at par with gold,
because population and business are both con-
stantly enlarging, and therefore the country will
eventually grow up to it, any more worthy of
regard.
Could we be assured that Congress would
not permit any further enlargement of the cur-
rency for the next thirty years, and that the
general prosperity and progress of the nation
would be uninterrupted, we should at the end
of the present century arrive at that point
when there would be no redundancy in the
monetary circulation; but everybody knows
that no such reliance can be placed upon the
national Legislature in relation to this matter.
Nay more, does not everybody see, from pres-
ent indications, that it will be nearly impossible
to prevent further expansion ? Besides, if we
could have such an assurance, would itbe wise
and economical for the people of the United
States to go on for a third of a century with a
currency wanting in the most essential element,
namely, that of being a correct and invariable
standard of value?
The bill before us is but one of the many
thousands of schemes which never fail to ap-
pear as remedies for disorders of the currency.
Thus was Prance deluged with tracts and
speeches after she had left the safe anchorage
of specie payment and embarked upon the
uncertain sea of paper money. Thus was Eng-
land troubled with writings and schemes till
she resorted to payment of specie. Thus was
our own country vexed and annoyed during
the era of the Continental Government; and
now, as the members of this House can testify,
the desk of every public man in the country
groans with the weight of pamphlets on this
subject—essays, speeches, dissertations, propo-
sitions, and Heaven knows what else, each of
them professing to provide a certain remedy
for the financial evils we are suffering under.
What was the result in Prance after all this
quack advice? A return to specie payment.
What was the result in England ? A return to
specie payment. What was the result after our
own Involution ? A return to specie payment.
What has been the result in the many South
American States which have tried nearly every
phase of these dreams of ideal currency? A
return to specie payment. And what, is obvi-
ously, both for good sense and experience, the
only remedy for the evils which we now endure ?
A return to specie payment. Gold and silver,
give us them, and all will be easy. The only ques-
tion should be, how shall it be effected ? With-
out attempting to solve this question, it may
bo of sufficient utility at the present moment
to say the onus is not on Democrats. Yours,
Radicals, is the responsibility! Whatever
means are resolved upon they must prove
utterly abortive unless the expenditures of the
Government are largely and speedly dimin-
ished. And in this regard, if you require a
Democratic plan, I cannot do better than to
quote liom that valuable and comprehensive
document, the annual message of Governor
John T. Hoffman, of the State of New York,
transmitted to the Legislature on the 4th of
January, 1870. On the subject of the gen-
eral finances, in recapitulating his indictment
against the financial policy of the present
Administration, he says:
" That it is one which fails either to strengthen the
public creditor to diminish thepeoide's burdens; that
't keeps values uncertain o,nd unstable, and thus
bames business foresight, and_ exposes the country
to the constant chances of disastrous commercial
panics. That it threatens to withdraw from the peo-
ple what is now in use as money before providing a
substitute. That it seeks to exert a control over the
gold market. That itsuggests no method of meeting
the legal-tender promises. That it purchases at a pre-
mium bonds which the Government is under no obli-
gation to pay tor nearly fifteen years. That, forget-
ting that a contract cannot be made by one party
alone, it assumes that the rate of interest on our
bonds can be lowered at the will of the Government.
1 hat it indulges thestrange fallacy ot supposing that
the holder of six per cent, bonds, the marketable
value of which is less than par in gold, can be per-
suaded to voluntarily exchange them for bonds
bearing a lower rate of interest, and only to be ob-
tained at par j—and that redeems its legal-tender
notes at a price fixed by itself, which is to be loss
than the amount expressed upon their face."
In fine, I adopt the stalwart, earnest, honest
language of the Democratic Governor of New
York in his last message, which I read as the
conclusion of his message and of my remarks:
" The earliest practicable return to the hard money
of the Constitution is. therefore, desirable, as being,
in every way for the interei,tof the people: but this
return should be made wisely, by a process which wilt
not cost needless suffering, under a declared and fixed
policy, intelligible to the whole country, and which
will insure that the change, when it conies, shall bo
permanent. A rash attempt would, by its iailure,
make our condition worse than it is now, Lut no
time should be lost in adopting measures which shall
lead by prudent steps to the attainment, at no very
distant day, of a result to which, sooner or later, we
must come.
"If the Federal Government does not try to accom-
plish an early return to the use of gold and silver,
without spreading ruin amoi^; the people, it fails in
its duty; if, with its abundSnt revenue, it cannot
devise a method of doing so, it fails in wisdom."
In the spirit of this message and of Dem-
ocratic principles, I, for one, even though alone
here to-day, hold aloft the banner emblazoned
with gold and silver I
Internal Revenue.
REMARKS OF HON.S.L MAYHAM,
op new york,
Ix the House of Bepuesextatiyes,
Jujic 2, 1870,
On tho bill (II. It. No. 2045) to reduce internal taxes,
and for other purposes.
Mr. MAYHAM. Mr. Speaker, in o fie ring
the amendment which I do to the thirty-fifth
section of this bill, I desire to say that 1 do it
in no spirit of hostility to the holders of United
States securities, but for the sole purpose of
equalizing as nearly as may be the burdens of
taxation among the whole people, so that all
classes of property shall bear their just pro-
portions of the public expense, and pay a just
proportion of the public debt. Itis well known
that these securities are now exempted from
all State, county, and municipal taxation, and
that the only tax imposed upon the holders
for tbe property they have in these bonds is
that which is charged upon the income. These
securities are sought after, and are justly re-
garded as the safest and most profitable invest-
ment for capital, and a large amount of the
surplus capital of the wealthy people of the
country is invested in them.
The policy of the Government being to pay
them in gold or its equivalent, and the pay-
ment of the interest semi-annually in gold or
its equivalent, renders them productive and
profitable investments, and the certainty of
their exemption from local taxation presents
a strong inducement for capitalists to invest in
them, and as a general and almost universal
rule their holders are among those best able
to pay their just proportion of the Government
tax. The farm of the farmer, the factory of the
