1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4289
debate in the Senate when a bill is under con-
sideration. And I express the hope now that
this matter, which seems to be almost an
enigma, may be explained in some brief report
Irora the committee when this bill shall be
reported back. We need such a report that we
may understand the labyrinth that we have got
into, for it is a labyrinth. I have not yet got
this matter fully within my comprehension. I
hear so many conflicting statements about it.,
about this road and that road and the other
road, and the rights of this road and that road
and the other, that it does seem to me that we
ought to have some written report in all these
cases, that will put the Senate in possession of
the facts, that we can read at our leisure before
the bill is taken up. I shall vote cheerfully for
the motion to recommit, for I think the bill
ought to be recommitted.
rIhe \ ICE PRESIDENT, The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Michigan,
to recommit the bill and pending amendments
to the Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
The motion was agreed to.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BII,L.
Mr. DRAKE andjtfr. ANTHONY, from
the Committee on Naval Affairs, submitted
amendments intended to be proposed to the
bill (li. R. No. 1533) making appropriations
for the naval service for the year ending June
80,1871; which were referred to the Committee
on Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
DULUTH HARBOR.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
7G3, for the improvement of the harbor of
Duluth. It will take but a few moments. I
hope the Senate will give me a few minutes.
It is for a harbor on Lake Superior.
The question being put, the ayes were twenty-
four.
Mr. FOWLER. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 32, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Amos, Anthony. Boreman, Brown-
low, Buckingham, Carpenter, Chandler, Corbett,
Drake, Flanagan, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Ham-
lin, Harlan, Howard, Howell, McDonald, Morrill of
Yermont, Nye. Osborn, Patterson, Pomcroy, Itnmsey,
Itice, Scott. Spencer, Stockton, Sumner, Thayer,
'Trumbull, Williams, and Wilson—-32.
NAYS—Messrs.Casserly, Davis. IWler, Hamilton
of Maryland, Harris, Johnston, McCrcery, Morton,
Pratt, Thurman, and Tickers—11.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Cameron, Cat-
tell, Cole, Oonlding, Cragm, Edmunds. IVnton,Ferry,
Howe. Kellogg. Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Norton,
Pool, Revels, Robertson, Rosa, Saulsbury, Sawyer,
Snhurz, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Tipton, Warner,
Villey, and Yates—29.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
agreed to. The bill is before the Senate. The
morning hour has expired; but the present and
all other orders are postponed, and therefore
this bill is before the Senate.
Mr. RAMSEY. The bill in relation to
Dnluth harbor is before the Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Yes, sir.
Mr. NYE. I suggest that the bill to abolish
the franking privilege is the one before the
Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate by
their vote by yeas and nays have postponed
the present and all other orders.
Mr. CHANDLER. That was during the
morning hour.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The vote was
declared after the morning hour had expired.
Mr. CHANDLER. The motion was put
before the morning hour expired.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope the Senate will allow
the bill to be acted on.
Mr. SHERMAN. The roll-call dates from
the first response to any name called.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Yes, but the
enunciation by the Chair was that the present
and all other orders were postponed; and that
was after the morning hour had expired.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
the bill being considered now; but the rule is
41st Cong. 2d Sess.— No. 269.
applied both ways. When we have ordered a
recess, and we commence calling the roll a
minute before the time for the recess, the roll-
call is completed and the time for taking the
recess is postponed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is true.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope the Senator from
Ohio will not press that point.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio is correct that the roll-call dates
from the first answer.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection except
as to the ruling, if the Senator from Minnesota
prefers to go on with this bill rather than the
franking bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. For the present.
Mr. DRAKE. I should like to know from
the Senator from Minnesota what has become
of that, great measure of reform which he has
been tiying for four months to get before the
Senate, the abolition of the franking privilege?
Is it to be thrust aside in this way by a bill for
the improvement of a petty harbor upon Lake
Superior?
Mr. RAMSEY. I take it that the sense of
the Senate is that they will pass the franking
privilege abolition bill by about the same ma-
jority the House has. It will be simply delayed
two or three minutes to pass this little bill.
Mr. DRAKE. But, the Senator thrusts aside
his great measure of reform to get an appro-
priation for that harbor!
Mr. RAMSEY. I prefer to take care of this
now, to save time.
Mr. DRAKE. I merely wish that the atti-
tude of things shall be understood before the
country; that if we do not press on to this great
measure of reform it is because we are arrested
in our progress to reform by the father of the
reform himself! [Laughter.]
Mr. RAMSEY'. In a very few minutes the
Senate will enter upon the consideration of
that great measure.
Mr. THAYER. I hope my friend from
Missouri will not insist upon the franking priv-
ilege hill in preference to the bill for the im-
provement of the harbor of Duluth.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state, on reflection, to the Senator from Ohio
that if he insists 011 the point, the Chair must
rule, the motion having been made four min-
utes before one o'clock, that the announcement
of the result of the vote must take effect from
that time; and therefore this bill can only be
reached by passing over the franking privilege
bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not care to interfere ;
both bills are under the charge of the Senator
from Minnesota.
Mr. RAMSEY. Now that this bill isup 
Mr. SHERMAN. But I think  
Mr. FOWLER. I insist on the point of
order.
^ The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Tennessee insists on the point. The roll-call
was commenced at four minutes before one
o'clock, and by parliamentary law it dates from
the response of the first member, the rest be-
ing only a levision of the count by the Chair.
The bill to abolish the franking privilege is,
therefore, before the Senate.
Mr. THAYER. To oblige my friend, the
chairman of the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads, I move that the present andall
prior orders be postponed in order to enable
the bill for the improvement of the harbor of
Duluth to be considered.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am very anxious for
the improvement of the harbor of Duluth ; but
this "great measure of reform" cannot give
way for anything. I must insist upon the great
measure.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent 
Mr. THAYER. Is my motion debatable?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is, being a
motion to postpone. A motion to pass over is
not debatable.
Mr, THAYER. I modify, then, my motion
by moving to pas3 over the present and all
prior orders for the purpose of taking up the
bill to improve the harbor of Duluth.
Mr. CASSERLY. On that I call for the
yeas and navs.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Nebraska that to pass
over 
Mr. RAMSEY. I am content to let this
bill pass over, trusting that the Senate will oh
some other occasion enable me to get it up.
Mr. 1HAYER. We can finish it in a few
minutes
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill to abol-
ish the franking privilege is before the Senate,
the Senator from Nebraska withdrawing his
motion.
Mr. THAYER. I have not withdrawn my
motion.
The _VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nebraska insists on the motion to pass
over the bill to abolish the franking privilege
for the purpose of continuing the consideration
of the bill for the improvement of the harbor
of Duluth.
Mr. CASSERLY. On that I call for the
yeas and nays. I want this great measure of
reform disposed of one way or the other.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 11, nays 42; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Corbett,Flntiagan, Hamlin, How-
ard, Osborn, Hamsey, Spencer, Stewart, Thayer,
Vickers, and Williams—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Amos,Anthony, Boreman, Brown-
Johnston, MeCreery, McDonald, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Patterson, Pratt,
Rice, Ross, Saulsbury, Scliurz, Scott, Sherman,
Sprague, Stock ton, Sumner, Thurman, Tip ton, Trum-
bull, Warner, Willcy, Wilson, and Yates—42,
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Cameron,
Cdttell, Cole, Conkling, Ciagin, Davis, Edmunds,
Fenton, IIovvo. ICellogg, Lewis, Norton, Pomeroy,
Pool, Revels, Robertson, and Sawyer—19.
So the motion was not agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE II0USB.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the fol-
lowing bills and joint resolution, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (II. R. No. 2058) to amend an act
entitled " An act for the removal of causes in
certain cases from State courts," approved
July 27, 1806, and an act amendatory thereof,
approved March 2, 1807 ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2180) to establish a port
of delivery at St. Joseph, Missouri; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 324) granting
condemned guns to the Soldiers' Monument
Association, of Adrian, Michigan.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 554) to regulate
credits to prisoners for good behavior without
amendment.
FRANKING PRIVILEGE.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 086) to abolish the franking privilege, the
pending question being on the amendment of
Mr. Drake to the amendment of Mr. Shermajt.
The amendment of Mr. Sheximan was to add
to the bill the following :
But nothing herein contained shall bo construed
to 1 epeal or affect the cxisuug laws allowing the pub-
lishers of weekly newspapers to send to ouch actual
subscriber, within the county where theirpapers are
printed and published, one copy thereof free of
pobtnge.
The amendmentof Mr. Drake to the amend-
roenfc was to strike out ali after the word " but"
and insert:
This shall not be construed as repealing the pro-
visions in favor of publishers of newspapers ana
periodicals, contained in the second section oi the
act of August 30.1852, entitled "An act to amend the
act entitled 'An act to reduce and modify tno rates
of postage in the United States* and for other pur-
poses/ passed March 3, 1851."
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
Vermont [Mr. Moisrill) is entitled to the
floor.
