1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
145
assurance of their capacity to administer jus-
tice.' Above all, there muat be a Prize Court.
But; nobody pretends that there is any such
thing.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will the Senator now
allow me to ask him one question?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly. .
Mr. CARPENTER. My question is, if it
be not the mosfrfavorable opportunity to obtain
the facts to libel those boats and get proqf on
the question?
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator will pardon me
if I say I do not think it is. I think that the
better way of ascertaining the facts is to send
to our authorized agents in Cuba—we have
consuls atevery considerable place—and direct
them to reporton the facts. I understand such
reports have been received by the Department
of State. They will be communicated to the
Senate. They are expected day by day, and
they are explicit, unless I have been misin-
formed, ou this single point: that whatever
may be the inspiration of that insurrection, it
has not yet reached that condition of maturity,
that corporate character which, in point of fact,
makes it belligerent in character.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not wish to interrupt
the Senator, but I should like to ask a question
at this point.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish for information on
tliis subject, and I think we all stand in need
of it; and I should be very much obliged to the
Senator from Massachusetts, if he is able to
do so, if lie would give us a statement of the
amount of military force actually in the field
in Cuba, or the amount of force that is avail-
able ; and whether the insurgents have estab-
lished a civil government for themselves;
whether it be or be not in operation as a
government? On these subjects I confess my
ignorance.
Air. SUMNER. The Senator confesses we
are in the dark, and on this account I consider
the debate premature. We all need informa-
tion, and I understand it will be supplied by the
Department of State. There is information on
the precise point to which the Senator calls
attention, and that is as to the number of the
forces on both sides. I understand on the side
of the insurgents it has latterly very much dimin-
ished ; and I have been told that they are now
little more than guerilleroa, and that the war
they are carrying on is little more than a guer-
rilla contest; that they are not in possession of
any town or considerable place. Such is my
information.
Mr. HOWARD. Havetheyanygovernment?
Mr. S UMNER. I understand they have the
government that is in a camp. With regard
to that the Senator knows as well as I; but that
brings us back again to the necessity of inform-
ation.
Mr. HOWARD. Any civil government,
any legislative power for the actual exercise
of legislative functions ?
Mr. SUMNER. I think there is no evidence
that there is a legislative body; and I must say
I await with great anxiety the evidence of their
action on the subject of slavery itself. What
assurance have we that slavery will be term-
inated by these insurgents. Have they the
will? Have they the power ? I know the report
that they have abolished slavery, but this report
leaves much to be desired. I wish it to be
authenticated and relieved from all doubt. It
is said that there are two decrees, one to be
read at home and another to be read abroad.
Is this true? And even if not true, is there
any assurance that the insurrectionists are able
to make this decree good ? But while I require
the surrender of slavery from the insurrection-
ists I make the same requirement of Spain.
Why has this Power delayed?
Mr. MORTON. I ask the Senator if Spain
has not recently affirmed the existence of
slavery in Cuba and Porto Eico, especially in
Porto Rico, by publishing a new constitution
guarantying the existence of slavery ?
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 10.
Mr. SUMNER. I am not able to inform the
Senator precisely on that point. I do know
enough, however, to know that Spain is a lag-
gard on this question, and if my voice could
reach her now it would plead with her to be
quick, to make haste to abolish slavery, not
only in Cuba, but in Porto Rico. Its continued
existence is a shame, and it should cease.
I have no disposition to go into this subject
at length. There is one other remark that the
Senator made, however, to which I shall be
justified in replying, lie alludes to the case
of the Hornet and the proceedings against that
vessel, which, as I understand, were under the
first section of the statute. I ask the Senator
were not the proceedings under the first section
of the statute ?
Mr. CARPENTER. I understand not ; I
understand them to have been under the third
section, so expressly recited in the libel.
Mr. SUMNER. I suppose that will make
very little difference. It is not for me now to
vindicate the proceedings in the case of the
Hornet. They may have been proper under
the statute or may not, but it is very clear to me
that the cases of the Hornet and of the Spanish
gun-boats are clearly distinguishable, and if
the Senate will pardon me one moment I will
make the distinction, I think, perfectly appa-
rent. We all know that two or three or four
or a dozen persons may levy war against the
Government, may levy war against the king.
A traitor levies war against the king. The
king, when he proceeds against the traitor,
does notlevy war. He simply proceeds in the
exercise of his executive functions in order to
establish his authority. And in the spirit of
that illustration I am disposed to believe that
the United States were perfectly justifiable
even under this statute in arresting the Hornet,
but they would not be justifiable in arresting
the Spanish gun-boats. The Hornet was levy-
ing war against Spain, and therefore subject
to arrest. The gun-boats are levying no war,
simply bccause the insurrection against which
they are to be used had not reached the con-
dition of war.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will the Senator allow
mo to ask one other question ?
Mr. SUMNER.. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. What I want to know
is this: whether the condition of neutrality does
not necessarily depend upon the fact that war
is progressing between two parties; can there
be any neutrality unless there is a contest of
arms going on between two somebodies? Now,
if it be a violation of our neutrality act for one
of those bodies to come in and fit out vessels
in the United States, is it not equally so for the
other; or is our pretense of neutrality a false-
hood, a cheat, and a delusion ?
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I do not
regard it as a question of neutrality. Until the
belligerence of these people is recognized they
are not of themselves a Power ; they are not a
people. Therefore there can be no neutrality
on the part of our Government between Spain
and her revolted subjects until they come up
to the condition of a people. They have not
reached that point; and therefore I submit that
there is no question at this moment of neutral-
ity, and that the argument of the Senator in
that respect was inapplicable. When the bel-
ligerence of the insurgents is recognized there
will be a case for neutrality, and not before.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If there is to
be no further debate I will move 
Mr. SHERMAN. Ishouldlike to say afew
words in regard to this matter.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. J hope my
good-natured friend will allow me to go on
with the joint resolution that I desire to call up.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
letting it lie over, but if there is to be any action
upon the resolution of the Senator from Wis-
consin I desire to say something upon it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Let it lie
over, then.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By the order of
the Senate tho resolution offered by the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin was taken up informally,
and the bill referred to by the Senator from
Vermont was to be resumed as soon as the
remarks of the Senator from Wisconsin had
closed, but the debate continued with tho same
privilege to the Senator from Massachusetta.
The resolution will therefore He over, and the
joint resolution indicated by the Senator from
Vermont is before the Senate.
ENROLLED BILL SISNJ5D.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersou", its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed the
enrolled bill (S. No. 283) to remove political
disabilities of certain persons therein named ;
and it was thereupon signed by the Vice Pres-
ident.
EIGHT-HOUR LAW.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the joint resolution (H.
JR. No. 72) to regulate the hours of labor of
Government laborers, workmen, and mechan-
ics. It provides that the joint resolution re-
ducing and regulating the hours of labor of
Government laborers, wortmen, and mechan-
ics, approved June 25, 1868, shall not be so
construed as to authorize a corresponding re-
duction in wages.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to
amend the joint resolution by striking out all
after the resolving clause and inserting in lieu
thereof what 1 send to the Chair.
The Secretary read the matter proposed to
be inserted, as follows :
That the act entitled "An act constituting eight
hours a day's work for all laborers, workmen, and
mechanics employed by o* on behalf of the United
States," approved July 25,1868, be, and the same is
hereby, repealed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, the eight-hour law passed at the last ses-
sion of Congress merely prescribed the number
of hours which should constitute a day's work
without repealing the existing laws on the
subject of compensation. The Attorney Gen-
eral has given his opinion as to the construc-
tion of the eight-hour law, but the other De-
partments overrule that opinion and execute
the law as they like. It is clear that the law
is offensive to all workingmen not in the em-
ployment of the Government, and that it is
without profit to the men employed, and will
lead to the abandonment of the industrial estab-
lishments hitherto maintained at the national
cost. Whenever a question of reform becomes
mingled with politics it is not unusual for oppo-
nents of the measure to declare that it is gotten
up by two parties, and that one agitates in or-
der to pluck political geese, and the other lends
itself to the agitation because it has not been
disclosed who are to be plucked. But I do
not recognize the good taste of this style of
argument. I suppose most of those who enlist
in the eight-hour movement believe that it will
prove beneficial to mankind. I do not propose
to abuse the pet idea of anybody, though pets
are often less sublime than ridiculous ; but to
show, if I can, and to speak candidly, at all
events, that the eight-hour rule would be for
our people a grave mistake nationally and in-
dividually. It is un-American, and, as I shall
endeavor to prove, a flagrant violation of one
of the most generally accepted rules of political
economy, which is to leave every person, so
long as he obeys the laws of justice, to pursue
his own interest in his own way.
In the course of what I have to say I shall
fall miserably short of my purpose if I should
not succeed in showing—
First. That the eight-hour law, applied only
to those in the employment of the General
Government, is anti-republican, and offensive
to all other laboring men.
Second. Thatsuchalaw, universallyapplied,
would be inconsistent with the highest interests
of American workingmen.
Third. That it will not afford any additional
