1468
to globe.
February 21,
BMM I would call it ap the Uat biU,«ad it U
the last bill; and I now «ak that it be read,
and then, of course, we shall adjourn upon it
or go into executive session. I ask that it be
taken up and read, if the Senate please.
The motion was agreed to; ana the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 626) to promote com-
merce among the States, and to cheapen the
transportation of the mails, and military and
naval stores.
executive session.
Mr. RAMSEY. Now I tnalo my motion
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
monday, Febrvary 21, 18to.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
order or business.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order will be the call of the
States and Territories, beginning with the State
of Maine, for the introduction of bills and joint
resolutions for reference to their appropriate
committees, and not to be brought back by
motions to reconsider. Under this call memo-
rials and resolutions of State and territorial
Legislatures are is order.
ann hunter.
Mr. HALE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1266) granting a pension to Ann Hunter; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
latin a webster.
Mr. STEVENS introduced • bill (H. R. No.
126?) granting a pension to L*vrna Webster,
mother of George W. Webster, private in the
fifteenth regiment New Hampshire volunteers;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
prudence davis.
Mr. STEVENS also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1268) granting a pension to Prudence
Davis, widow of Samuel Davis, a soldier of
the war of 1812; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions and War of 1812.
exttubjtiok cases.
Mr. POLAND introduced abill{H.R. No.
1269) relating to witnesses in extradition cases;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Revision <4 the
Laws of the United States.
neutrality laws.
Mr. WTLLARD introduced a bill (B. R.
No. 1270) making k a misdemeanor to fit out
or equip ships o? war, or to sell or furnish
arms or munitions of war, with intent that they
sh^ll be employed in the service of any foreign
prince or State to commit hostilities against
the people of any provinoe, district, or colony
whr> are in a state of armed insarrection against
such toreign prince or State, and providing for
the forfeiture of such ship or vessel; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Foreign A flairs.
definition of a law.
Mr. 8MTTH, of Vermont, introduced a joint
resolntion (H. R. No. 166) defining the mean-
ing of section fourteen, chapter two hundred,
of the laws of 1862; which was read a first and
sccond time, and referred to the Committee on
Revision of the Laws of the United States.
uarper'g ferry canal.
' _^r* BANKS introduced a joint resolution
(H. It. No. W7) authorizing the Secretary of
War to repair the braak in the oanal at Har-
per's Ferry; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
PAYMENT OV PENSIONS.
' Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, introduced
a bill (H. R, No. 1271) to abolish the office of
pension agent, and to provide for the payment
of pensions through postmasters; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
j the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
UNITED STATES COURTS.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, also intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1272) to provide for
means of reviewing the judgments of the cir-
cuit and district courts of the United States in
criminal cases; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
REDUCTION OF INCOME TAX.
Mr. KELLOGG introduced abill(H. R. No.
1273) reducing the income tax payable the
present year to three per cent., ana exempting
the sum of $2,000 therefrom; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
CAROLINE G. GARDNER.
Mr. DAVIS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1274) for the relief of Mrs. Caroline G. Gard-
ner, widow of Brevet Brigadier General John
L. Gardner; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Claims.
B. N. 8aulnier.
Mr. SLOCUM introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1275) directing the Secretary of State to cause
the remains of E. N. Saulnier, late United
States consul at Vera Cruz, to be removed to
New York; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
ANN KELLY.
Mr. MAYHAM introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1276) granting increased pension to Ann Kelly,
widow of Barnard Kelly, deceased; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
RICHARD h. HODGSON.
Mr. COWLES introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1277) for the relief of Richard M. Hodgson;
which was read a first and second time, and, '
with die accompanying papers, referred to the
Committee of Claims. !
TAX ON DISTILLED 8PIBIT8.
Mr. COWLES also introduced a joint res-
olution (H. R. No. 168) increasing the tax on
distilled spirits to one dollar per gallon; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
hugh t. ferguson.
Mr. TOWNSEND introduced a bill (H. R. ;
No. 1278) for the relief of Hugh T. Ferguson,
a soldier of the war of 1812, and for the relief
of his wife; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions and War of 1812.
NATIONAL BANK CURRENCY.
Mr. TOWNSEND also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1279) to equalize the distribution of the
national bank currency; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on Banking and Currency, and ordered to be
printed.
APPOMATTOX RIVER, VIRGIN!**.
Mr. PL ATT introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1280) making appropriations for the improve-
ment of the Appomattox river, in the State
of Virginia; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
CLAIMS OF LOYALISTS IN VIRGINIA.
Mr. PLATT also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1281) to extend the provisions of the act
of July 4, 1864, to loyal citizens of Virginia;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
TRANSCONTINENTAL RAILWAY.
Mr. HEATON introduced a bill (II. R. No.
1282) incorporating the Southern Transcon-
tinental Railway Company, and granting the
right of way ana lands in aid of its construc-
tion ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
COLLECTION DISTRICTS, NORTH CAROLINA.
Mr. DOCKERY introduced a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 169) in relation to collection
districts in North Carolina; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
POST ROUTES IN NORTII CAROLINA.
Mr. DOCKERY also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1283) for the establishment of a postal
route in North Carolina; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. LASH introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1284) to establish a post route from Dobson, in
Surrey county, North Carolina, via Edwards-
ville, Low Gap, Meadow Creek, to Mickells-
ville, Virginia; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
JOSEPH W. STEED.
Mr. LASH also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1285J to relieve from political disabilities
Joseph \V. Steed, a citizen of Randolph
county, North Carolina; which was read n
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction.
L. W. ANDKIISON.
Mr. LASH also introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1286) to relieve from political disabilities L.
W. Anderson, a citizen of Stokes county, North
Carolina; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Recon-
struction.
I1ENRY A. MORRISON.
Mr. LASH also introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1287) to relieve from political disabilities Henry
A. Morrison, acitizen of Scott county, Virginia:
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Reconstruction.
TnOMAS II. DANIEL.
Mr. LASH also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1288) to relieve from political disabilities
Thomas H. Daniel, a citizen of Davidson
county, North Carolina; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Reconstruction.
public improvements in louisiana.
Mr. WHITTEMORE introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1289) to provide for the improvement
of Red river, Caddo Lakes, and Big Cypress
bay, between the cities of Shreveport, Louis-
iana, and Jefferson, Texas; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Committee
on Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
REMOVAL Or POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. SHERROD introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1290) to remove the political disabilities of
certain citizens of the State of Alabama:
which was read a first and second time, ana
referred to the Committee on Reconstruction.
POST ROADS IN ALABAMA AND TENNESSEE.
Mr. DOX introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1291) declaring certain roads in the States of
Alabama and Tennessee to be post roads;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
JUDICIAL PROCEEDINGS IN TIIE DISTRICT.
Mr. WELKER introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1292) further to amend the law of the
District of Columbia in relation to judicial
proceedings therein, and for other purposes;
which was read a first and second, time, re-
