5234
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
when the Senator from New York moved his
as a separate section, and was recognized by
the Chair at that time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It was not in order to
move any amendment at that time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
recognized the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. POMEROY. Did not the Chair recog-
nize the Senator from Kansas?
Mr. EDMUNDS. If I am recognized I want
the floor.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
recognized the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I understand now that
the question is on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from New York.
Mr. HOWE. I rise to a question of order.
It is whether the motion of the Senator from
New York is entertained by the Chair. I sub-
mit that the motion of the Senator from New
York is not in order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You cannot raise that
question while I have the floor.
Mr. CONKLING. A question of order can
take a Senator off the floor.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
of the Senator from New York is precisely
the same motion that was objected to before as
out of order. The Chair heard no objection
to it when proposed in this form.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I addressed the Chair,
and having addressed the Chair I offer the fol-
lowing amendment to the amendment of the
Senator from New York 
Mr. HOWE. Now I raise the question of
order that the motion submitted by the Sen-
ator from New York is not in order.
The PRESIDENT jpro tempore. That is pre-
cisely the same question already submitted by
the Chair to the Senate.
Mr. HOWE. I submit that that must be
settled before the motion can be amsnded.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It must
if a question of order is raised. The question
is, is the amendment of the Senator from New
York in order? The Chair submits that ques-
tion to the Senate. Those in the affirmative
will say "ay," and those in the negative will
say " no."
Mr. CONKLING- called for the yeas and
nays ; and they were ordered.
Mr. McDONALD. On this question I am
paired with the Senator from Nebraska, [Mr.
Thayer.] If he were here he wouldvote "nay,"
and I should vote "yea."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 21 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Cameron, Carpen-
ter, Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Senton, Fowler, Gilbert,
Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin, Harris, Johnston,
McCieery, Nye, Pomeroy, Revels, Robertson, Sauls-
Imry, Seott, Stewart, Stockton, Sumner, Thurman,
Vickers. and Wilson—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Boreman, Chandler, Cragin, Drake,
Edmunds, Hamilton of Texas, Harlan,Howe, Howell,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Patterson, Ramsey, Ross,
Sawyer, Schurz. Sherman, Spencer, Sprague, War-
ner, and Williams—21.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Casserly, Cattell, Davis, Perry, Flana-
gan, Howard, Kellogg, Lewis, McDonald, Morrill of
Maine, Norton, Osborn, Pool, Pratt, Rice, Thayer,
Tipton, Trumbull, Willey, and Yates—24.
So the Senate decided the amendment to be
in order.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the ten sections of
the bill in regard to the income tax.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise to a question of
order. There is an amendment to an amend-
ment in the second degree pending already,
moved by myself, I being recognized by the
Chair for that purpose.
Mr. _ CONKLING. How could the Senator
move it until this was decided to be in order?
Mr. EDMUNDS. It has been decided to
he in order, and my amendment was moved
before the question of order was raised, so that
it now is in order.
Mr. POMEROY. All I have to say is that
in the first place, before the Senator from Ver-
mont moved his amendment at all, I moved
this. Then a question of order was raised.
The Senator from Vermont obtained the floor.
That question of order had to be settled, and
upon the settling of that question of order I
again renewed my amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No question of order was
raised until my amendment was submitted and
sent to the Chair.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to make an in-
quiry. I wish to have the amendment proposed
by the Senator from New York read. There
appears to be a controversy here as to it, and
I wish to have it reported.
The PRESIDENTprotowpore. The amend-
ment of the Senator from New York will be
reported.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment of the
Senator from New York is to insert after the
income tax sections of the bill the following:
And be it further enacted, That no such income tax
shall be levied or collected until by act of Congress
it shall be hereafter so directed.
Mr. POMEROY. As soon as the Senate
decided that that amendment was in order I
moved to amend it by striking out the ten sec-
tions of the bill relating to the income tax.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I beg the Senator's par-
don ; he made no motion until after my amend-
ment was submitted and sent to the desk. The
Senator from Kansas stated what he was going
to do; but then when the amendment of the
Senator from New York was submitted to the
Secretary and reported to the Senate that was
the first time when anybody could speak to it,
and I at once addressed the Chair, and was
recognized, and sent my amendment to the
desk. Then the Senator from Wisconsin raised
the question of order that the first amendment,
to which my amendment was offered, was not
in order itself. The Senate has decided that
it was, o.nd therefore my amendment stands
with it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Vermont offered his amendment before
the Senator from Kansas, undoubtedly.
Mr. POMEROY. The Chair decided that
it was the same question of order that related
to the proviso when that was submitted to the
Senate ; and if this was the same question of
order, till that question of order was decided
it was not competent for the Senator from Ver-
mont, any more than it was for me, to move
any amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But there was no ques-
tion of order pending when I moved my amend-
ment. The Senator from New York had with-
drawn his first amendment and offered a new
one, and no question of order, as the Chair
stated, was raised about it. Then I rose and
addressed the Chair, acd the amendment was
reported, and I offered my amendment to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from New York offered his amendment,
which had been previously offered as a pro-
viso, as a separate section. No question of
order was then raised on it. The Senator from
Vermont offered an amendment to it. After
that amendment had been sent to the desk the
question of order was raised, and the Chair
stated that it was the same question which had
been previously submitted to the Senate, and
he submitted that to the Senate. In the appre-
hension of the Chair the Senator from Ver-
mont is entitled to have his amendment con-
sidered first,.
Mr. POMEROY. Very well.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask to have it reported.
The Chief Clerk. At the end of the section
proposed to be inserted it is moved to add:
And ail provisions of law providing for the assess-
ment and collection of taxes on gross receipts are
hereby continued until the further action of Con-
gress.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The effect of this propo-
sition is to get the sense of the Senate as to
whether, if we take off the income tax, we are
to continue the tax on gross receipts. If we
are to continue the tax on gross receipts I may
be willing to take off the income tax. If not,
I certainly am not. There is no mystification
about it. I wish the sense of the Senate upon
that point, and intend to have it.
Mr. CONKLING. I submit to my honorable
friend that there is this mystification about
it: suppose his amendment'prevails, then the
question is on the amendment as amended,
and no Senator for or against the income tax
can be permitted to vote upon that question.
Is that right, and is it well for tbp Senator from
Vermont to exercise his wits to invent a mode
to prevent the Senate, after alt the time/we have
spent, from having a vote upon that question?
I say to him that although I feel about gross
receipts perhaps as he does, I shall feel con-
strained to vote against his amendment. Why ?
Because, regardless of its merits, it is the only
mode in which we can arrive at an opportun-
ity of voting upon the income tax. Therefore,
why should we tie the two together, seeing that
thereby he can get neither the strength of his
own proposition nor leave to me the strength of
mine? Now, as the Senator from Indiana, I
think it was, stated a moment ago, we ought
to vote on the main question. Nobody wants
to debate it. Let bs vote on it at once, and
if the income tax is stricken out then the Sena-
tor from Vermont can move the tax on gross
receipts, and if it remains he can withhold the
motion to restore the tax on gross receipts.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The difficulty is that I
am moving this amendment for myself, in con-
nection with my own judgment. I wish the
income tax off if the tax on gross receipts is
retained in the bill; but until the tax on gross
receipts is in I wish the income tax to stay in,
because we must have one or the other, and I
prefer to have the tax on gross receipts, because
I think it bears less heavily 
Mr. CONKLING. Has not the Senator
faith enough to trust it to the Senate?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, I have not. I have
faith that each Senator will vote as he thinks
it his duty to vote on the particular question.
Mr. CONKLING. You will not let him.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I beg the Senator's par-
don. I intend to let him vote. If the Senate
do not wish the tax on gross receipts taken off
before the income tax shall be taken off, very'
good ; the Senate will so vote, and I shall have
done my duty.
Mr. SUMNER. It seems to me that this
debate that has gone on for half an hour or
more admonishes us that we are not on the
right path. I would suggest that by unan-
imous consent—indeed 1 come back to the
original proposition that has already been
made—and would appeal to the Senate to
give unanimous consent that we retrace our
steps and go over the ground again without
debate—I suppose there is no one disposed to
debate it—and take the question on these dif-
ferent propositions. Now, I appeal to the
. Senator from Ohio to allow that. I think that
would be the shortest cut. We should in that
way escape this game of fence which is going
on, and which promises to go oil all the re-
mainder of this night, and perhaps all day
to-morrow.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish now, as the ques-
tion seems to be approaching a termination,
to take the sense of the Senate fairly, and to
make an observation which seems to be rather
personal in its character. There have been
sent to me, and I suppose to every Senator, a
lot of slips from the New York Tribune and
the New York Sun, impugning the motives of
Senators—especially my own—a base attack,
unworthy of a respectable newspaper. I have
them here before me. The article in the New
York Sun is headed "The income tax—the
duplicity of the Senateand then it goes on
impugning our motives, &e. Then I have re-
ceived another little article, cut out of the New
York Tribune and sent to me, which reads
thus:
" It is reported that a powerful railroad ring has
been lobbying in "Washington to secure the reimpo-
sition ot the income tax as a means ol ridding them-
selves of tho tnx on gros3 receipts. So tho railroads
are carrying their tyranny iatoevery household, and
