444
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 6,
Ho. oj? Reps.
Tax and Tariff Bill—Mr. Burr.
41st Conu 2d Sess.
manufacturer, the workshop of the mechanic,
and the store and merchandise of the mer-
chant are spread out before the local assessors,
and the investment in all these branches of
business is subject to State and local taxa-
tion, and at the same time, as the law now
stands, the income from these various branches
of productive industry are taxed the same as
that from these Government bonds. This, I
submit is unjust and unequal. It is the result
of class legislation and is not in accordance
with the genius or spirit of our free institutions.
We profess to be legislating in the interest
of equality, to be aiming deadly blows at the
doctrine of caste, and at the same time we are
erecting a bonded aristocracy, and building up
and fostering a class of favored individuals, who
are exempted from theirjust proportions of the
burdens of the public debt, and that, too, at a
time when it is known to all that the taxation
necessary to the payment of the public debt
and the demands of the Government is crush-
ing the people as between theupperand nether
millstone. This is a policy that is in no way
defensible, upon any principal of justice or
sound political economy.
In a time like this it is due to all classes
that the burdens as well as the benefits of Gov-
ernment should be equally distributed. The
people arc willing to meet all the just demands
of the Government, and to pay all its just
liabilities; but they are jealous of their rights,
and if these burdens are unequally distributed, if
they are distributed 111 the interest of a class
of citizens, with an appearance of favoritism
and unfairness, they will hold Congress to a
just, and stern accountability. Would it not
bo well for the majority of this House upon
this question lo h^;d the solemn warning of
that distinguished patriarch ot' Republicanism
[Mr. Co\oi)i:J lately uttered in tliis House,
and by doing justice in this matter avert the
doom to which he so earnestly andprophctically
pointed ?
Tax ami Tariff Bill.
8P EEC If OK HON. A. G. J3UKR,
OF ILLINOIS,
In the lloi'Si: of Reihiknkntativkx,
June I), 1870,
On tho l.ill (IJ. it. No. a>15) to to rt'duco internal
tuxes, ami lot- other purpu -c::.
Mr. JiUUK. Mr. .Speaker, tho House has
spout three full months considering a bill to
reduce the tariff, discussing and deciding uaeh
item separately. The result of such discus-
sion by tho ablest minds of the House has
been the discomfiture of the high protective
tariff men ; and. the result of voting separately
on each item has been a general reduction of
tariff_ rates on the articles indispensable to
laboring men. in that bill we successively
reduced the tariff on iron, steel, copper, and
the staple woolens and cottons of general use.
When the Committee of tho Whole had con-
cluded its work on that bill, and it was ready
for adoption by the House, it was decided by
the leaders on the Republican side that it was
necessary to consider immediately the various
appropriation bills, and that the tariff bill could
not be further considered until such appropri-
ation bsllb should receive final action. The
tariff bill was accordingly, for the time being,
laid aside, but was and btill is iu position to be
called up at any timo by the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Suiiexuk] who had it iu charge.
In that bill the tariff on pig iron was fixed after
full discussion at five dollars per ton,wkileall the
various forms of iron, such as bar, strap, round,
flat, scrap, &e., were fixed at corresponding
rates; and railroad iron bars were left as iu the
last preceding tariff, at seventy cents per one
hundredpoundsor$15 68perton. Butsincethe
passage of the last preceding tariff a new mode
of manufacturing rail bars from iron has been
made known, called the Bessemer mode, and
the right to make railroad bars by this method
(it being a foreign patent) is understood to be
vested in three men, one of whom is a member
of the present House, and another of whom
was a member of the Fortieth Congress.
I have said the professed object in postpon-
ing the tariff bill was to enable the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] to get action
by the House on his several appropriation
hills, but hardly has such decision been made
and the floor granted to the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations before up c?mes
again the irrepressible chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Schenck,] and
presents his internal revenue bill, which is to
be considered, not in Committee of the Whole
House, where amendments and separate votes
could of right be had, but in the House, where
amendments and separate votes could be se-
cured only by consent of the chairman, and
where troublesome discussion could be sup-
pressed by the great rod of legislative tyrants,
the "previous question."
However, without any illiberality on tho part
of the chairman, [Mr. Sciienck,] the House
proceeds in discussing and amending the tax
bill, having meantime a separate vote on every
proposition on which a separate vote was re-
quested. But having reached the last section
of the tax bill proper, the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means takes the floor
and offers as an amendment a tariff bill, not
tho one perfected by three months' labor in
Commit lee of the Whole, but one differing
from that iu many essential particulars.
Immediately a point of order is made that a
tariff bill cannot be added as an amendment to
a tax bill, being incongruous and not germane.
The Chair, however, promptly decides that, as
a tariff is essentially and in effect a tax, the
amendment is in order. His language is worth
remembering: 11 This is a tax bill, and whether
the amendment relates to internal or external
taxes, it is clearly in order." So wo have at
last from a leading protectionist, who is a high
official, tho decision that a tariff is a tax 1 That,
proposition is unequivocally denied by the few
protectionists in the West, It has been said it
was '' to protect home industry and furnish the
people with cheap goods;" but our Speaker,
being a protectionist himself, and coming from
New Jingland, where protection is fully under-
stood, says protection is a tax. The Speaker
is undoubtedly right; tho pending amendment
is in order as an amendment to a tax bill, be-
cause the tariff itself is a tax; and tho House
must consider it. Immediately tho chairman
[Sir. Souexck] demands tho previous question
upon the whole lirsl section, which includes
several hundred articles, and demands a vote
for or against the whole list in that section.
We have so far been considering the bill,
item by item and clause by clause ; separate
votes havo been bad when requested, and mo-
tions to amend have been all the timo in order.
Bntthat rule must now be reversed, and neither
discussion, separate votes, nor amendments
allowed. One might well suppose that if any
tariff bill were to be attached as an amendment
it would be the tariff bill on which we had
expended so much time and labor. But no;
the chairman of the Ways and Means Commit-
tee tells us that bill taxed coffee five cents
per pound and tea twenty cents, whereas this
amendment taxes coffee only three cents and
tea fifteen, and with a grand flourish of trum-
pets announces that the coming vote will show
who are in favor of cheap tea and coffee. But
if tho vote will show only that, why are any
other articles embraced in the amendmeut?
What are they V Pig iron is one, and a glance
shows that the decision by vote on the tariff
bill proper fixing duty on pig iron at five dol-
lars per ton has been warped into seven dollars
per ton in this amendment. Two cents down
with coffee and two dollars up with iron ! Will
not this vote, therefore, show who are not in
favor of cheap iron ?
But further, under existing law railroad bars
are taxed at seventy cents per hundred pounds,
or $15 68 per ton. How does this amendment
affect that tax? Permit me here to say there
is a general misunderstanding on that point. I
have before me the Daily Illinois Journal, gen-
erally very correct iu its congressional sum-
mary, but, speaking editorially of tariff rates
proposed in this amendment, it says :
" Pig and scrap iron is taxed six dollars per ton,
and steel railway bars and Bessemer steel one half
cent per pound."
That is erroneous. Let me quote from the
bill, line one hundred and twenty-six :
On iron in pigs, scvon dollars per ton.
Now, as to railroad bars, which tho Journal
says are taxed one half cent per pound, I read
from the bill, line one hundred and thirty-one:
On steel railway bars, ono and one half cent per
pound; andon all railway bars made in partof steel,
ono and ono quarter cent per pound: Provided,
That metal converted, east, or made from iron by tho
Bessemer or pneumatic process, of whatever form
or description, shall bo classed as stoel.
Steel railroad bars are to he taxed one and
a half cent per pound, which is at the rate of
§33 GO per ton; and mixed iron and steel bars
one and a fourth cent per pound, or twenty-
eight dollars per ton. Five cents down on
tea, and from sixteen to eighteen dollars up
on railroad bars! The proposition now pend-
ing is purposely so framed and all amendments
excluded as to force a vote against this incon-
siderable reduction on tea and coffee, or in
voting tor that compel the member so voting
to indorse and sustain this exorbitant robbery
on steel rails, and also aid to legislate millions
of the people's money into the hands of the
few owners of the mode of making rails by the
Bessemer patent. It will be seen they make
these Bessemer rails of iron, yet require them
to be protected in tho tariff amendment as
steel; and this in a bill entitled " An act to
reduce taxation 1'' For every dollar of redu e-
tionit will cost the people five dollars increase
on articles of universal use.
Why, sir, the necessity for railroads in Illi-
nois to bring our farm products to market
is so very great that our counties, cities, and
towns have very generally voted liberal muni-
cipal aid to induce companies to build such
roads. The great expense in building roads
grows out of the enormous cost of steel or iron
rails, and the reason of that great cost is in
part the tariff on railroad bar steel and iron.
Sir, that tax on railroads by the tariff alone is
equal to §2,000 per mile under existing laws;
so that every county desiring a railroad of
twenty miles extent through its borders is pay-
ing a bonus of $40,000 to the iron-men of
Pennsylvania over and above the necessary
cost of the road, by reason of the present tariff
on iron.
And when it is now proposed in this amend-
ment to make a large increase on that cost I
cannot, sir, be induced to consent by any
hypocritical cant about voting for cheap tea
and coffee. Why, sir, during the winter just
gone by a Democratic member of this House,
General Morgax, of Ohio, offered a resolution
instructing the Committee of Ways and Means
to report a bill " to exempt salt, tea, coffee,
sugar, matches, and tobacco from every spe-
cies ot taxation for Federal purposes.'' Mr.
Hooper, of Massachusetts, moved to lay that
resolution on the table. The chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means [Mr. Schexck]
voted to table the resolution, thereby declining
to give the people cheap tea and coffee. With
the Democratic members I voted against lay-
ing that resolution on the table, and iu that
vote declared that the people ought to have
