18.70.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4291
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Allow me
to make an inquiry. If we do not meet to-
day, shall we be obliged to meet to-morrow
night?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This is the
day for an evening session, according to the
order.
Mr. TIIAYER. This motion is with a view
of going on with the Calendar this evening.
Mr. HARLAN. No ; I object to that part
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator l'rom
Kansas.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, this debate
began with a simple proposition to abolish the
franking system, sometimes called the frank-
ing privilege. The bill for this purpose rudely
terminates the existing system, without supply-
ing any substitute and without taking advan-
tage of the proposed change to reduce the rate
of postage. The bill is destructive, but in no
respect constructive. It pulls down, but does
not pretend to set up. Itabolishes an old and
time honored, if not beneficent system, under
which the people have grown in knowledge,
but it does not attempt to provide any means
by which the original object of the system shall
be accomplished. It is a raw, crude, naked
proposition. To adopt it in its present form
would be as if you voted the destruction of this
Capitol without providing any place for the
meeting of Congress, or economizing the ruins
you made.
THE FRANKING SYSTEM AND NOT THE FRANKING
PRIVILEGE IN OUR COUNTRY.
In England the power to frank was originally
conferred as a "privilege," and it assumed
this character completely with time. When
O'Connell wrote to a young aspirant, who had
just been elected to Parliament, and said,
"You can frank to-night," he announced a
privilege. So far as this powerin our country
can be regarded as a privilege it has no titleto
favor—not the least. But whatever may be its
character, nothing is clearer than that it should
not be a burden on the postal service. With
regard to the frank there are two obvious prin-
ciples: first, so far as it is a privilege it must
be abolished; and, secondly, so far as it is
allowed to remain, it must not be at the ex-
pense of the post office, but, like other national
services, be paid by the National Treasury.
Better still, let it all disappear in a renovated
system, where the rate of postage shall render
the frank unnecessary.
The franking system in our country cannot
be treated alone. It is part of a larger system,
beiug the postal service of the country, and
must be regarded in its relations to this service.
In its most simple statement it is the freedom
of certain letters, documents, pamphlets, fcnd
seeds in the public mails ; but its true char-
acter is seen only in its operation. The frank-
ing system is that part of the postal service by
which the people are enabled without cost to ad-
dress theirSenatorsand Representativesin Con-
gress, and also the Departments of Government,
while these answer without cost, thus bringing
all near together ; it is also that part of the
postal service by which public documents are
circulated throughout the country, and though
much is distributed to little purpose, yet much is
of unquestionable advantage. Seeds, speeches,
and pamphlets are also distributed in the same
wo.v, nor can there be any question of the good
influence from this agency. All these are com-
ponent parts of the existing postal system.
Strike out these, and the postal system of our
country is changed. It is not the system which
has existed from the beginning of our Govern-
ment, under which the country has grown in
knowledge and power.
To those who speak lightly of the franking
system I indicate briefly what it has done, it
has brought the neople and the Government
nearer together than people and Government
ever were before. It has distributed innmnei
able documents by which knowledge in gov-
ernment, in science, and in the practical arts
has been advanced. It has lent itself to the
dissemination of truth, especially in speeches,
so that it has been schoolmaster and preacher,
with the whole people to learn and to hear.
During the long tyranny of slavery it was by
the franking system that the arguments and
protests against, this wrong were carried among
the people. And when slavery broke forth in
lebellion the franking system became the pow-
erful ally of the national cause. And now in
the education of the States lately in rebellion
this very franking system is the same powerful
ally. It. may he politic, discreet, and econom-
ical to dispense with it; but not, 1 think, without
providing some substitute or commutation.
PROPOSED SUBSTITUTE.
To meet the exigency of the pending propo-
sition I have introduced a bill, whose charac-
ter may be seen in its title—being "to sim-
plify and reduce the rate of postage, to abolish
the franking system, to limit the cost of carry-
ing the mail, and to regulate the payment of
postage." While abolishing the franking sys
tem I try to provide a substitute, and at the
same time, by associate provisions, to simplify
and reduce the rate of postage. Taking ad-
vantage of the proposed change I would revise
the whole postal service and bring it into har-
mony with the demands of republican civil-
ization. Here the example of England is an
important guide. The franking system there
was an indulgence or privilege and little else.
The Quarterly Review, while recognizing it as
an abuse, likened it to " the concomitant and
greater one which stands on the same ground—
exemption from arrest." (Vol. 04, page 589,
October, lixi'J.) It was not a system important
in the relations between Government and peo-
ple, and yet it was abolished only in conjunc-
tion with the establishment of a uniform letter
postage at one penny. But just in proportion
as the franking system is important with us
should its abolition be accompanied by a cor-
responding reduction in postage.
The copper unit of value in England is a
penny, and this was adopted as the rate of
postage there. With us the copper unit of
value is one cent, and this I would adopt as
the rate of postage here.
There are other provisions in the bill to
which I call attention, especially the new facil-
ities for newspapers and periodicals ; also the
requirement that all the business of the post
othce shall be by stamps, so that no money
shall be collected or received by any clerk in
the office. By this process, at once simple,
economical, and efficient, all postages will be
collected and there will be no necessity of ac-
counts. The stamp office will be the universal
money office, and the vendor of stamps will
be the universal collector.
Do you ask for economy? I show you a way
simple and sure, by which receipts will be
assured, while business is simplified. All dues
will be collected at the minimum of cost, so
that there will be no loss from frauds or super-
numerary hands. There will be both security
and economy, besides simplicity; but simpli-
city is economy as well as convenience, in the
post office as in mechanics.
FOREIGN EXAMPLES.
If we go to foreign countries for example we
shall be obliged to stop in England. There is
nothing in any nation of the European continent
which is not a warning. Everywhere on this con-
tinent from time immemorial postage has been
exorbitant. The great revolution which popu-
larized the institutions of France did not
popularize the post office. Kings and nobles
disappeared, while equal rights prevailed, but
France, faithful in ideas, did not conceive the
idea of the post office as a beneficent agent of
civilization and the handmaid of social life ;
nor at that time was England in advance of
France. Everywhere postage was high and
the mails were slow. In England the service
had a burden in the circumstance that every
peer of the Upper House and member of Par-
liament had a defined powerof franking, being
the power to send ten letters daily and to
receive fifteen. As the letters sent and received
by each privileged person were limited in num-
ber, the post office was obliged each day to
verify every frank and to count the letters thus
sent and received. Here was what may be-just.ly
called the "franking privilege," while the
whole postal service was costly and cumber-
some. Like that of the United States, it was
the growth of accident, and it was administered
with a particular eye to profits, as if this was the
first object of a post office. Economy there
should be always, but profits never. In Great
Britain the surplus of receipts above the cost
of administration was carried to the general
treasury. In the United States the surplus
received on certain lines has been employed
down to this day in extending mail facilities
to the sparse settlers in other parts of the coun-
try, besides defraying the expense of the frank-
ing system, and the letters of the people have
been subjected to this tax.
IN ENGLAND POST OFFICE REGARDED ORIGINALLY AS
SOURCE OF REVENUE.
From a proposition submitted to the king in
1G35, and still preserved in the State Paper
Office, it appears that the postal service was
of the slenderest character; letters, it is said,
"being now carried by carriers or foot-posts,
sixteen or eighteen miles a day, it is full two
months before any answer can be received from
Scotland or Ireland to London." Butjustso
soon as it attracted attention the post office
was regarded as a source of revenue. In 1656
a voice in Parliament declared that it "would
raise a revenue;" while a wise statesman re-
plied, with little effect, saying, "Nothing can
more assist trade and commerce than this."
It was often farmed out for hire. The posts,
both inland and foreign, under the Common-
wealth, were farmed for £10,000. In lG59the
Rejiort on the Public Revenue contains the fol-
lowing item: " By postage of letters in farm,
£14,000." Under Charles II the same system
was continued, and his first postmaster general
contracted to pay to the king a yearly rent of
£21,0u0. A little later we meet the statute of
15 Charles II, with the suggestive title, "An
act for settling the profits of the post office
on II. R. II. the Duke of York and his Heirs-
male." Under Queen Anne, what were called
the " cross-posts " were farmed to Ralph Allen,
who made great improvementsin their manage-
ment upon an agreement that the new profits
so created should be his own during life. The
gain was so excellent for the contraetorthatdur-
ing forty-two years he netted an average annual
profit of nearly twelve thousand pounds, which
was enormous for those days. It is pleasant
to know that the money thus obtained was well
spent, as will be confessed when it is known
that this contractor won from Pope that famous
praise—
"Lethumblo Allen, with an awkward shame,
Do good by stealth, and blush to find it iamc.
The post office was not only farmed to con-
tractors, but it was burdened with pensions,
sometimes to a royal mistress, or favorite. This
system was begun by James II, who in execu-
tion of the wishes of his brother Charles II,
granted to Barbara, Duchess of Cleveland,
£4,700 annually, and to the Earl of Rochester
£4,000 annually, payable by the post office.
Among the rewards lavished at a later day upon
the Duke of Marlborough was an annual pen-
sion of £5,000, charged upon the post-office,
so that the victor of Rammellies and of Blen-
heim was a stipendiary upon the correspond-
ence of the kingdom, every letter contributing
to his wealth. , .
As the correspondence of the kingdom was
charged with pensions, so also was it tailed to
bear the burden of war. The statute ol 9
Anne, cap. 10, tells the story in its title. An
act for establishing a General Post Oinee m
all her Majesty's dominions and tor settling
