1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3347
Raek. Burdett, Burr, Benjamin F. Butler, Calkm.
Churchill, Clinton L. Cobb, Cook. Crebs. Cullom, ;
Dawes. Degener, Dixon. Doekery.Donlej. EU. EId- ;
ridee Ferry, Fox, Gilfillan,Griswold. Haight,Halde-
muu.'iiale, Hambleton, Hawkins, Heuton, Ho«e,
Hohnan, Jenekes. Johnson, Alexander H. Jones.
In i?n Kellogg. Kerr. Knapp. Logan.. Loughndge,
Marshall. May nam, Maynard, McCormick. McGrew,
McXeely, Mercur, Morgan.Morphis, Daniel J.Mor-
reH Mungeu, Palmer. Phelps. Piatt. Poland, Porter,
Randall. Reeves. Ridgway. Roots, banford. Schn-
Pnrrnr Slinldiin. Sherrod. Shober.
Chester.' Witcher. and Woodvrard-yO.
So the House refused to adjourn. !
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I move that the
House take a recess until to-morrow morning .
at ten o'clock; and on that motion I ask for
the veas and nays.
Mr. VAN W YCK. Will the gentleman allow
me to offer a resolution which may reaolve the !
difficulty in this matter? :
Mr. DICKEY. I object. 1
The SPEAKER. A resolution cannot be j
entertained so long as there is objection.
Mr. DICKEY. I object to any resolution.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I hope the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania will at least hear
the resolution read.
Mr. DICKEY. No, sir; I object.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I did not hear the re-
mark of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
T Laughter.]
Mr. DICKEY". I object. [Laughter.]
On ordering the yeas and nays, twenty-four
voted in the affirmative, not one fifth of the
last vote.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Beaman and
Mr. Farnsworth were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported
thirty-seven in the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think ten o'clock
is too early for us to meet. [Cries of " Or-
der 1"] I move to amend the motion of the
gentleman from Kansas so as to make the hour
of meeting half past ten o'clock, and on that {
motion I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 13, nays 121, not voting :
94; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Beaman, Bird, Cowles, HayvEnger- 1
soil, Thomas L. Jones, Knott, Lawrence, McKenzie,
Orth, Rice, Stokes, and Willard—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Archer,
Armstrong, Arnell, Ax tell, Ayer, Beatty, Beck, Ben-
ton. Biggs, Binghara.Blair, Booker, Bowen, George !
M. Brooks, Buck, Buokley, Buflmton, Burehard,
Burdett, Roderick R. Butler, Cake, Calkin, Cessna,
Churchill, W illiam 'i'. Clark, Cleveland, Amasa Cobb,
(Jobnrn, Conger, Conner, Covode, Cox, Davis, Dege-
ner, Dickey, Dickinson, Dox, Duval, Dyer, Ela, Fer-
riss, Finkelnburg, Fisher, Fitch, Garfield, Geti, Gil-
fillan, Hamill, Hamilton, Harris, Hawley, Heflin,
Hill, Hoar, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Johnson, Judd, Kel-
ley, Kelsey, Ketcham, Lafiin, Lash, Lewis, Lynch,
Mayham, McCarthy, McKee, Milnes, J esse H. Moore,
William Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel P. Mor-
rill, Myers, Negley, Niblack, O'Neill, Packard,
Packer, Paine, Peck, Perce, Pe ters, Pomeroy.Prosser,
Sogers, Sanford, Sawyer, Schenck, Shanks, Lionel
A. Sbeldon, Shober, Slocum, JohnA.Smith, Joseph
S. Smith, Worthington C. Smith, William Smyth,
Stevens, Stevenson, Stonghton, Strickland, Swann,
Taffe, Tillman, Townsend, Trimble, Twicheli, Tyner,
I! psnn, V oorhees, Cadwalader C. W ashbnrn, Welk er.
Walls, Wheeler, Whitmore, Wilkinson, Williams,
and Eugene M. Wilson—121.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Asper, Atwood,
Bailey, Banks, Barnnm, Barry, Benjamin, Bennett,
Boles, Boyd, James Brooks, Burr, Benjamin F. But-
l':r, Sidney Clarke, Clinton L. Cobb, Cook, Crebs,
Callom, Dawes, Dixon, Dockery, Donley, Eldridge,
larnnworth. Ferry, Fox, Gibson, Griswold, Haieht,
Haldcman, Hale, Hambleton, Hawkins, Hays, Hea-
ton, Hoge, Holmnn, Jenekes, Alexander H. Jones,
Julian, Kellogg, Kerr, Kcapp, Logan, Loughridge,
Marshall, Maynard, McCormick, McCrary, McGrew,
McNeely. Mercur, Eliakim H. Moore, Morgan,
-loriihis, Morrissey, Mungen, Palmer, Phelps, Piatt,
Poland, Porter, Potter, Randall, Reeves, Ridgway,
H'lots, Sargent, Schumaker, Scofield, Porter Sheldon,
Sherrod, William J. Smith, Starkweather, Stiles,
Mime, Strader, Strong, Sweeney, Tanner, Taylor,
Van Auken. Van Horn, Van Trump, "Van Wyck,
Ward. William B. Washburn, John T. Wilson,
Wman*, Winchester, Witcher, Wood, and Wood-
ward-94.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
On that motion I call for the
The question recurred, upon the motion of
Mr. Clarke, of Kansas, to take a recess until
to-morrow morning at ten o'clock, upon which
the yeas and nays had been ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 16, nays 117, not voting
95; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Biggs, Bird, Duval, Finkelnburg,
Haight, Hay, Inge rsoll, Thomas L. Jones, Lawrenee,
McKenzie, Orth, Shanks, Stevens, Stokes, Sweeney,
and Williams—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Archer, Arnell,
Ayer, Banks.Beaman, Beatty, Bennett,Benton, Bing-
ham, Booker, George M. Brooks, Buck, Buckley,
Buffinton, Burehard, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler,
Roderick R. Butler, Cake, Cessna, Churchill, Amasa.
Cobb, Conger, Conner, Covode, Cowles, Cox, Davis,
Degener, Dickey, Dickinson, Donley, Dyer, Ferriss,
Fisher. Fitch, Garfield, Gets, Gilfillan, Hambleton,
Hamill, Hamilton.Harris, Hill.Hoar, Hooper, Hotch-
kiss, Judd, Kelley, Kelsey, Ketcham, Knott, Lafiin,
Lash, Lewis, Lynch, Mayham, Maynard, McCarthy,
McCrary, McKee, Milnes, Eliakiin ll.Moore, Jesse H.
Moore, William Moore, Morphia, Daniel J. Morrell,
Samuel P. Morrill.Myers. Negley, Niblp,ck, O'Neill, >
Packard, Packer, Paine, Peck, Perce, Peters, Pome-
roy. Potter,Rogers, Roots, Sanford, Sawyer, Sohenck,
Lionel A. Sheldon. Shober, Slocum, Jonn A. Smith,
Joseph S. Smith, William J. Smith, Worthington C.
Smith, William Smyth, Starkweather, Stevenson,
Stoughton, Strickland, Swann, Taffe,Tillman, l'own-
send, Trimble,TwichelljTyner, Upson, Cadwalader
C. Washburn, Welker, Wells, Wheeler, Whitmore,
Wilkinson. Y/illard, Eugene M. Wilson, Winans, and
Wood—117.
NOT V OTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames-Armstrone,
Asper, Atwood, Axtell, Bailey, Barnum. Barry, Beok,
Benjamin, Blair.Boles, Bowen, Boyd, James Brooks,
Burr, Calkin, William T. Clark, Sidney Clarke, i
Cleveland, Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Crebs,
Cullom, Dawes,Dixon, Dockery,Dox, Ela, Eldridge,
Farnsworth, Ferry, Fox, Gibson, Griswold, Halae-
man. Hale, Hawkins, Hawley, Hays, Heaton, Heflin,
Hoge. Holman, Jenekes, Johnson, Alexander H.
Jones, Julian, Kellogg. Kerr.Knapp, Logan, Lough-
ridge, Marshall, McCormick, McGrew, McNeely,
Mereur.Morgan; Morrissey, Mungen, Palmer, Phelps,
Piatt, Poland, Porter.Prosser, Rand all. Reeves, Rice,
Ridgway, Sargent, Schumaker, Scofield, Porter Shel-
don, Sherrod, Stiles, Stone, Strader, Strong, Tanner,
Taylor, Van Auken, Van Horn, Van Trump, Van
Wyck. Voorhees, Ward-William B.Washburn, John
T.Wilson, Winchester, Witcher, and Woodward—95.
So the motion to take a recess was not
agreed to.
Mr. ROGERS. I move that the House now
adjourn.
Mr. WELLS.
yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and there were thirty in the
affirmative.
So (the affirmative being one fifth of the last
vote) the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I move that
when the House adjourns to-day it be to meet
on Thursday next at one o'clock.
The SPEAKER. That motion cannot be
entertained.
The Clerk began the call of the roll on the
motion to adjourn, when
.Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, said: I rise to
a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot enter-
tain a point of order during the call of the roll.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I was on my
feet and made the point of order before the
Clerk began to call the roll.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman may have
been on his feet; he certainly did not make any
point of order.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I differ from the
Chair.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has that
right. The Clerk will proceed with the call.
The roll-call was then concluded; and the
question was decided in the negative—yeas 62,
nays 85, not voting 81; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Asper, Beck, Ben-
jamin. Biggs, Bird, James Brooks, Burdett, Benja-
min F. Butler, Cleveland, Amasa Cobb, Crebs,
Dickinson, Duval, Dyer, Ela, Eldridge, Farnsworth,
Finkelnburg. Getz, Gilfillan. Haight, Haldcman,
Hamill, Hamilton, Hawley, Hay, Heflin, Ingersoll,
Knott.Laflin,Lawrence,Mayham, McCrary,.Eliakim
H. Moore. Jesse H. Moore, Niblack, Orth, Packard,
Paine, Potter, Reeves, Rice. Rogers,Sargent,Shanks,
Shober, Slocum, William J. Smith, Stevens, Stiles,
Sweeney, Tillman, Tyner, Van Trump, AVillard,Wil-
liams, John T. Wilson, Winans, Winchester, and
Wood—62.
NAYS—Messrs, Allison, Armstrong, Arnell, Ayer,
Bd{tuftQ< Bennett, Benton  &ir  liookor*
Bowen, George M. Brooks, Buck, Buokley, Bufflnton,
Roderiok R.Butler, Cake, Calkin,Cessna, Churchill,
William T. Clark, Coburn, Conger, Conner, Covode,
Cowles, Davis, Degener, Dickey, Donleyupox, Fer-
riss, Fisher, Fitch,Garfield, Halo, Harris,Hill, Hoar,
Hooper, Hotchkiss, Kelley, Kelsey, Ketcham, Lewis,
Lynch, Maynard, McCarthy, McGrew, McKee, Mil-
nes, William Moore, Morphis, Myers, Negley.O'Neill,
Packer. Peck, Perce, Peters, Pomeroy, Prosser, San-
ford, Sawyer, Schenck, Lionel A. Sheldon, John A.
Smith, Joseph S. Smith, Worthington C. Smith,
Starkweather, Stoughton, Strickland, Taffe,Taylor,
Townscnd, Trimble, Twichell, Upson, Cadwalader
C.Washburn, Welker, Wells, Wheeler, Whitmore,
Wilkinson, and Eugene M. Wilson.—85.
NOT VOTING—Mossrs. Ames, Archer, Atwood,
Axtell, Bailey, Banks, Barnum, Barry, Bingham,
Boles,Boyd, Burehard, Burr. Sidney Clarke. Clinton
L. Cobb, Cook, Cox, Cullom,Dawes,Dixon, Dockery,
Ferry, Fox, Gibson, Griswold, Hambleton, Hawkins,
Hays, Heaton, Hoge. Holman, Jenekes, Johnson,
Alexander H.Jones, Thomas L.Jones, Judd, Julian,
Kellogg, Kerr, Knapp, Lash, Logan, Loughridge,
Marshall, McCormick. McKenzie, McNeely. Mer-
cur, Morgan, Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill,
Morrissey, Mungen, Palmer, Phelps, Piatt, Poland,
Porter, Randall, Ridgway, Roots, Sohumaker, Sco-
field, Porter Sheldon, Sherrod, William Smyth,
Stevenson, Stokes, Stone, Strader, Strong, Swann,
Tanner, Van Auken, Van Horn, Van Wyck, Voor-
hees, Ward, William B. Washburn, Witcher, and
Woodward—81.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to ask a
parliamentary question.
! The SPEAKER. The gentleman will
| state it.
| Mr. FARNSWORTH. I wish to inquire
l how far the previous question will operate ?
I The SPEAKER. The main question, which
; was ordered by the House on Thursday last,
j will exhaust itself on the third reading of the
i bill, which, as this is a Senate bill, is an anal-
! ogous stage to the engrossment and third read-
ing of a House bill.
1 Mr. FARNSWORTH. If, when the ques-
' tion is upon the passage of the bill, the pre-
vious question should be voted down, would it
' then be in order to discuss the measure or to
move its reference to a committee?
The SPEAKER. After the third reading
of the bill the Chair, according to the ordinary
usage of the House, would be obliged to rec-
ognize in the first instance the gentleman hav-
ing charge of the bill. He would of course
test the sense of the House by some motion
relating lo it, according to his discretion.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If he should call
: the previous question and it should not be
sustained 
1 i The SPEAKER. If he should lose the con-
trol of the bill, of course some gentleman ad-
verse to the bill would be recognized.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope the House will
allow me to make a single remark, which, I
trust, will bring us to some understanding.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Eldridge] asks unanimous con-
sent to make a statement. The Chair hears
no objection.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I have taken no par-
ticular interest in this contest. I have simply
voted as I thought my duty required me to do.
i It seems that the two sides of this House are
at loggerheads and are unable to agree. The
! question has become simply one of physical
,, endurance. It seems to me that the minority
i of the House, who desire to pass this bill, or
at all events are opposed to adjournment, have
I accomplished all that they can desire.. They
have shown to the country their wish to facil-
|i itate legislation and to dispose of the bill in
j some way this afternoon. The usual hour for
! adjournment has now arrived, and the major-
r ity having accomplished their purpose and ful-
i filled their duty as completely as is possible
under the circumstances, they should, 1 think,
consent now that the House adjourn, throwing
! upon the minority—the factious minority, if
i they see fit so to call it; throwing upon the
j opposition the responsibility of this day s
; work, and just so many similar days' work as
j they see fit to take upon themselves.
Ii I have always believed, when I have been
