1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5235
purpose now to burden us in time of peace and pros-
perity with an exaction which, like the draft and the
legal-tender act, could only be justified by the ex-
traordinary necessities of war. These measures were
all three properly war measures, and all ought to be
swept away together."
The facts are these: the Committee on
Finance received from the House of Repre-
sentatives a bill which imposed a small income
tax of three per cent, on incomes above $2,000.
In other words, it threw off three fourths of
all incomes, and proposed to repeal the tax on
gross receipts and reduce the tax on sugar, tea,
and many other things. The Committee on
Finance of the Senate, after a careful exam-
ination of the subject, thought the House bill was
substantially right. They concurred in the prop-
osition of the House of Representatives, which
was adopted by a vote of three to one continuing
the income tax at three per cent., repealing
the tax on gross receipts, and reducing the
tax on sugar. We brought our work here.
There was no railroad lobby or any other lobby
here. No man approached us on the subject.
The idea is simply preposterous. We reported
the bill to the Senate ; and for the purpose of
getting at the question directly I myself sug-
gested, on the intimation of the Senator from
New York, that we might take a vote on strik-
ing out the income tax. That was put, and
carried by two majority. This paper gives it
correctly : that the whole vote on striking out
the income tax sections, stood—yeas 23, nays
21. More than twenty Senators were absent.
I knew that that vote involved the reconsid-
eration of other matters; and I proposed then
that we should go back upon our work.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Twenty-eight Senators
were absent.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, twenty-eight were
absent. I proposed then that we should go
back; I did not growl about the decision of
the Senate, I did not complain of it; but I
said if the Senate thought proper to repeal the
income tax we could not afford to repeal all
the other taxes, and I proposed, as one mode
of replenishing the money that would be lost
by abolishing the income tax, to restore the
tax on gross receipts and to restore the sugar
tax. That made the thing about even. And
I now say to the Senate that we ought not, and,
to use a stronger term, although perhaps not
exactly a correct word, we dare not repeal
more taxes than the $77,000,000 proposed by
the House and by the Senate bill. If we repeal
the income tax we ought to restore some of the
others, and I proposed as the taxes best to be
restored, the tax on gross receipts and the tax
on sugar.
Mr. WILSON. Suppose we repeal the
income tax, how much is the reduction then—
ninety odd millions ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Ninety-six millions. I
have the official statements here. They are all
in print. Under these circumstances, it is not
very pleasant, when we are performing our duty
as best we can, to have our motivesarraigned.
When the question came up again, four or
five Senators, who saw these facts and studied
them over, concluded that we had better keep
the income tax and give to the people the ben-
efit of the reduction of the tax on sugar and
also the repeal of the tax on gross receipts,
which, although it reaches the New York Cen-
tral, the Erie, and the Pennsylvania Central
roads, that are well able to pay it, is a grossly
unjust tax, because it reaches out at thesame
time and taxes the gross receiptsof railroad
companies and insurance companies, and the
like, that have not got any net receipts what-
ever.
I have no feeling in this matter; but I do
think that if we repeal the income_ tax we
must restore these other taxes. It is for the
Senate to determine the question. I have not
the slightest feeling about it. There are many
other ways of getting at this question. It is
not my business to suggest the mode of doing
it. Senators more experienced than I am in
regard to parliamentary matters can find out
the way to reach the question.
We have got it now.
Very well; let us have a
Mr. EDMUNDS,
Mr. SHERMAN,
vote.
Mr. SUMNER. Would it not be the better
and more logical course just to retrace our steps
by a reconsideration?
Mr. SHERMAN. On the contrary, it would
be to acknowledge that the Senate "has acted
with duplicity, if, after voting three times on
the question, at the demand of a newspaper
we are compelled to retrace our steps.
Mr. CONICLING. Do you suppose that
any one will think that it was on the demand
of that paper?
Mr. SHERMAN. We deliberately struck
out the income tax, and then for grave con-
siderations we restored it; and there it stands.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know
what has become of the five minutes rule that
the Senator from Ohio has been enforcing?
Mr. SHERMAN. Have I violated it? Are
the five minutes up? [Laughter.]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator's time has expired.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I shall sit down.
Mr. SPENCER. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn. ["No!" "No!"] There
is a very slim Senate here.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont [Mr. Edmuxds] to the amendment
of the Senator from New York, [Mr. Conklixg.]
Mr. MORTON. Let it be reported.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let the original amend-
ment be reported, and then let it be reported
as it will read if amended.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
insert as an additional section, to come in after
section thirty-five of the House bill, the fol-
lowing :
A nd be xt further enacted, That no such income tax
shall be levied or collected until by act of Congress
it shall bo hereafter so directed.
It is proposed to amend the amendment by
adding:
And all provisions of law providing for the assess-
ment and collection of taxes on gross receipts are
hereby continued until the fuither action of Con-
gress.
Mr. MORTON. The proposition is presented
here directly by the Senator from Vermont to
supply the hiatus in the revenue caused by the
repeal of the income tax, by restoring or con-
tinuing the tax on gross receipts ; the meanest
tax on the list, the meanest form of income
tax, which has all the objections that can be
urged against an income tax, without any of
the arguments in its favor. It is proposed to
retain a tax upon gross receipts, not upon net
or clear income ; a tax that falls upon corpor-
ations that have no net income; a tax that
falls upon many railroad companies that have
to borrow the money to pay the interest on
their bonds. It is true it is a tax on corpor-
ations in form, but in reality it is a tax upon
the men who own the stock and who have paid
in their money. Let it be understood that we
are brought face to face with the proposition
to contiuue an incomo tax, a tax upon gross
incomes where there are no profits in many
cases, where there is no gain, where there is
nothing left at the end of the year, and to take
it off of clear profit and net income of over
$2,000. Can such a tax be justified upon
principle or justice?
Men argue against an income tax, a tax upon
net clear income, clear profit, which fells in
nine hundred and ninety-nine cases out of a
thousand upon those who are able to bear it
and scarcely feel it, and yet propose to put a
tax upon gross incomes where there are no
profits, no net gains whatever. Sir, these
things are irreconcilable in point of principle,
and I cannot see, for my life, how a Senator
can be opposed to a small taxupon net incomes
over $2,000, and yet be in favor of a tax upon
gross incomes where there are no profits at all.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Without any deductions.
Mr. MORTON. Without any deductions,
without any exemptions. A man may have
all his property invested in'a corporation, and
he is taxed two and a half per cent, upon that
property, when there are no profits, no gains
whatever, where it scarcely pays expenses, and
in many cases does not pay. There are many
new railroads, not these great trunk lines, but
cross-roads that are now being built all over
these States, built by counties and by dona-
tions, which are not paying expenses, and yet
two and a half per cent, is taken out of their
gross income, while net incomes are to be ex-
empted entirely. If this thing can be recon-
ciled before the country, it must be done by
others. I cannot do it. There is no con-
sistency in it.
Mr. CORBETT. The Senator has stated
that this is a tax upon the gross receipts of
these corporations. But it must be remem-
bered that they have a right to impose that tax
upon their freight or upon the passengers that
they transport; and therefore they are not
losers by it. You tax the principal that a man
has invested in business by the income tax. A
man may be in business five years, and he may
lose $20,000 in five years, and yet may be
taxed on $40,000 profits, because if he makes
$40,000in two years, and loses $00,000 in three
years, you tax him for the $40,000, and you
make no deduction for the loss of $00,000. I
understand that by the law of England they
make an average of three 3'ears, and make a
deduction for the years that persons lose in
business.
Now, sir, we have stricken off the tax upon
gas, the tax upon stamps, the tax upon suc-
cessions and legacies, and the tax on gross
receipts, amounting to about twelve million
dollars. Otherwise, I do not see how the
amount is made up to $73,000,000. I think
we had better strike out this income tax alto-
gether. If it is necessary to restore any taxes
we can restore the tax upon gas, upon stamps,
and successions andlegacies. We have paid off
during the last month $20,000,000 of the debt,
and since March last over fifty million dollars,
making an average of about one hundred and
fifty million dollars a year. It seems to me
we can now readily relieve the people of the
counu-y, not only of the income tax, but also
of the tax upon gross receipts. The income
tax is now only about seventeen million dol-
lars. It is proposed to retain it at two and a
half per cent. But in order to collect that
amount we have to keep up alt the machinery
that we now have.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. May I ask the
Senator a question?
Mr. CORBETT. Certainly.
Mr. MORRrLL, of Verm6ut. Do you not
think that it would be best to vote this amend-
ment on, and then vote down the amendment,
Mr. CORBETT. Which amendment?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The amend-
ment that is now under consideration.
Mr. RAMSEY. The amendment of the Sen-
ator from Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think that
is the proper course.
Mr. CORBETT. I do not know what the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont is.
["Let us vote!"] I have noticed that in the
discussion heretofore of this subject of the in-
come tax those who are in favor of continuing
it have made many speeches on the question,
but those who are opposed to it made no
speeches in favor of its abolition.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is the
duty of the Chair to remind the Senator that
he has spoken five minutes.
Mr. CARPENTER. I concur entirely with
the Senator from Indiana in saying that the
men who vote against the income tax proper
and intend to put in its place a tax on gross
receipts are guilty of a great inconsistency,
because they select incomes to tax in the worst
possible form. Take an insurance company,
for instance, which may in a year have paid
out more than ithas received, and actually lost
money ; and yet by this tax on gross receipts
