1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE).
24b3
the United States; which was read a first and
second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. HEATON. Upon that question I call
the previous question.
The bill was read. The first section provides
that the Tuesday next after the first Monday in
November, 1872, shall be fixed and established
as the day in each of the States and Territories
of the United States for the election of Repre-
sentatives and Delegates to the Forty-Third
Congress; and the Tuesday next after the first
Monday of N ovember in every second year there-
after shall be fixed and established as the day
for the election in each of said States and Terri-
tories of Representatives and Delegates to the
Congress commencing on the 4th day of the
March next thereafter. The second section
provides that if upon trial there shall be a fail-
ure to elect a Representative or Delegate in
Congress in any State, district, or Territory,
upon the day hereby fixed for such election, or
if after any such election a vacancy shall occur
in any such State, district, or Territory from
death, resignation, or otherwise, an election
shall be held to fill any such vacancy at such
time and in such manner as is or may be pro-
vided by law for filling vacancies in the State
or Territory in which the same may occur.
The question was taken upon seconding the
previous question; and upon a division there
were—ayes 78, noes 24 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Heaton and
Mr. Hale were appointed.
The Housedivided; and the tellersreported—
ayes 101, noes 18.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered, and under
the operation thereof the bill was ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. HALE. I call for the reading of the
engrossed bill.
The SPEAKER. The bill has not been
engrossed, and, if that call is insisted upon,
will have to go to the Speaker's table.
Mr. DAWES. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The question recurring on ordering the bill
to be engrossed and read a third time,
Mr. DAWES called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 124, nays 41, not voting
59; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Amos, Arnell, Asper, At-
wood, Axtell, Ayer, Banks, Beaman, Beck, Ben-
nett, Blair, Boles, Boyd, George M. Brooks, Buck,
Buckley, BulTmton, Burchard, Burdctt, Burr, Ben-
jamin F. Butler, Cake, Calkin, Cessna, Churchill,
Sidney Clarke, Clinton L. Cobb. Cook, Conger, Con-
ner, Cowles, Cullom, Dawes, Degener, Dickinson,
33ixon, Doekery, Dox, Duval, Dyer, Ferriss, Ferry,
Finkelnburg. Fisher. Gibson,Griswold.Hambleton,
Hamilton, Harris, Hawkins, Hawley, Hays, Hea-
ton, Hill, Hoar, Hoge, Hooper, Ingersoll, Jenekes,
Johnson, Alexander XI. Jones, Judd. Julian, Kcl-
ley, Kelsey, Kerr. Knapp, Knott, Lash, Lawrence,
Logan, Ma.yham, Maynard, McCarthy, McGrew, Mc-
Kenzie, MeNeely, Milnes, Jesse H.Moore, William
Moore, Samuel P. Morrill. Mungen, Nog-ley, Paine,
Palmer, Phelps, Piatt, Porter, Potter, Prosser, Rice,
Ridgway, Roots, Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer, Sehu-
raaker, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, Sherrod,
Slocum, John A. Smith, Joseph S. Smith, William
J. Smith, Stevenson, Stokes. Stoughton, Strickland,
Tanner, Tillman, Twichell, Van Horn, Van Trump,
Voorhees, Ward, William 11. Washburn, Welker,
Wells, Whitmore, Wilkinson, Winans, Witcher, and
Wood—124.
KAYS—Messrs. Allison, Booker, James Brooks,
Coburn, Cox, Donley, Ela, Eldridge, Getz, Gil-
fillan, llaldeman, Hale, Hay, Holman, Loughridge,
McCormick, McCrary, Mercur, Eliakim 11. Moore,
Morgan, DanielJ. Morrell, Myers, Niblack, O'Neill,
Ortli, Packard, Poland, Randall, Scofiold, Shanks,
Worthington C. Smith, William Smyth, Stevens,
Swann, Sweeney,Taffe, Tyncr, Willard, Williams,
Eugene M. Wilson, and Woodward—41.
XOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler, Archer, Arm-
strong, Bailey, Barnum, Beatty, Benjamin, Ben-
ton, Biggs, Bingham, Bird, Bowen, Roderick Jl.
Butler, W. T. Clark, Cleveland, Amasa Cobb,
Covode, Crcbs Davis, Dickey, Farnsworth, inch,
Fox, Uailield, liaight, llamill, lleliiti, ltotellkiss,
Thomas L, Jones Kellogg,Ketcham, Lallin. Lynch,
Marshall, Mclvec, Moiphis, Morrnsey, Packer,
Perce, Peters, Pomeroy, Reading, Reeves, Rogers,
Schenek, Starkweather, Stiles, Stone, Strader,
Strong, Townsend, Trimble, Upson, Van Auken,
Van Wyck, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Wheeler,
j ohn T. Wilson, and Winchester—59.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read the third time.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read the
third time. Is the reading of the engrossed
bill called for?
Mr. HALE. I rise to a point of order. I
submit that the bill has not been engrossed
since the action of the House ordering it to be
Mr. PAINE. It has been engrossed.
The SPEAKER, The point raised by the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Hale] is one
which the Chair cannot entertain. It is not
competent for either the Chair or the gentleman
from Maine to determine precisely when the
bill was engrossed. [Laughter.]
Mr. GETZ. I call for the reading of the
engrossed bill.
The bill was read.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was ordered to a third
reading.
_ 'Ihe SPEAKER. The Chair cannot recog-
nize the gentleman as entitled to make that
motion, he having voted with the minority.
Mr. PAINE. I call the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to lay the bill on
the table.
The SPEAKER. That motion will take
precedence of the demand for the previous
question.
Mr. SCOFIELD and Mr. HALE called for
the yeas and nays on the motion to lay on the
table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 40, nays 123, not voting
CI; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Coburn, Conner, Cox,
Donley, Getz, Gillillan, Haldeman, Hale, Ilolman,
Kelley, Loughridge, AlcCrary, Mercur, Daniel J.
Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill.Myers. Neglcy, Niblack,
O'Neill, Orth, Packard. Peters, Poland. Pomeroy,
Randall, Scofield, Shanks, Sherrod, A7orthington C.
Smith, William Smyth, Stevens, Sweeney, Taffo,
Tyner, Wheeler, Willard, Williams, Eugene M.
Wilson, and Woodward—10.
KAYS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Ames, Archer,
Asper, Atwood, Axtell, Ayer. Banks, Beaman,
Beatty, Beck,Bennett, Benton,Blair, Boles, Booker,
Boyd, GcorgeM. Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Buffinton,
Burchard, Burdett, Burr. Benjamin F. Butler, Cal-
kin, Cessna, Churchill, W. T. Clark, Sidney Clarke,
Clinton L. Cobb, Cook, Conger, Cowles, Cullom,
Dawes, Dcgener, Dickinson, Dixon, Doekery. Dox,
Duval, Dyer, Perriss. Ferry. Finkelnburg, Fisher,
Garfield, Gibson, Hamblcton, Harris, Hawkins, Haw-
ley, Hays. Ilcaton, Hill, Hoar, Hooper, Iugersoll,
Jenekes, Johnson, Alexander H. Jones, Judd, Ju-
lian, Kelsey, Kerr, Ivetcham, Knapp, Knott, Lash.
Lawrence. Logan, Mai-ham, Maynard, McCormick,
McGrew, McKenzie, McNeely, Milnes, Eliakim II.
Moore, Jesse }T. Moore, William Moore, Mungen,
Paine, Palmer, Phelps, Piatt. Porter, Potter, Prosser,
Rico, Ridgway, Roots, Sanford, Sawyer, Schenek,
Schumakcr, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon,
Slocum. John A.Smith, Josephs.Smith, William J.
Smith. Stokes, Stoughton, Strickland, Tanner, Till-
man, Trimble, Twichell, Van Horn, VanTrumji, Van
Wyek, Voorhees. Ward, William B. Washburn,
Welker, Wells, Whitmore, Winans, Witcher, and
W ood—123.
NOTVOT-ING—Messrs. Armstrong, Arnell,Bailey,
Barnum, Benjamin, Biggs, Bingham, Bird, Bowen,
James Brooks, Roderick R. Butler, Cake, Cleveland,
Amasa Cobb, Covode, Crcbs, Davis, Diekey, Ela,
Eldridge, Farnsworth, Fitch, Fox, Griswold, Haight,
llamill, Hamilton, Hay, Ileflin, Iloge, Hotchkiss,
Thomas L. Jones, Kellogg, Lallin, Lynch, Marshall,
McCarthy, McKee, Morgan, Morphis, Morrissey,
Packer, Perce. Reading, Reeves, Rogers, Sargent,
Starkweather, Stevenson, Stiles, Stone, Strader,
Strong, Swann, Townsend, Upson, Van Auken,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Wilkinson, John T. Wil-
son, and Winchester—61.
So the motion to lay the bill on the table was
not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
now expired, and the bill goes over.
Mr. PAINE. I move to suspend the rules
to pass the bill at this time.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask the gentleman to
aliow those States which are affected by this
bill to be heard upon it. My only object, m
moving to lay upon the table was to have it go
over for t'he preseht until we might" consult
about its effect on certain States. Many Rep'
resentatives of the people are apprehensive
it will affect them injuriously, and all they ask
is time to consult.
Mr. DAWES. This has been pending for
four or five year's in the committee of which
the gentleman himself was a member and in
which he himself considered it.
Mr.' SCOFIELD. Let it go over for the
present.
Mr. PAINE. I cannot yield farther. It
has been fully considered and modified to
meet the views of the gentlemen who now
oppose it.
Mr. INGERSOLL. It does not affect the
elections for the Forty-Second Congress.
Mr. PAINE. I insist on my motion to sus-
pend the rules, so as to consider and pass the
bill at this time.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
114, noes 39.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The SPEAKER. Two thirds having voted
in favor thereof, the bill is passed.
Mr. PAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. SCHENCIC. I move to suspend the
rules, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the special order, being the tariff bill.
examiner of claims, state department.
Mr. BANKS. I ask the gentleman from Ohio
to yield to me to report back from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs Senate joint resolu-
tion No. 120, to provide for the appointment of
an examiner of claims for the Department of
State and for additional clerks in the Depart-
ment.
Mr. SCHENCK^ I.will yield to anything
that does not occasion discussion or delay. I
yield with that understanding.
Mr. BANKS. The joint resolution appro-
priates $13,700, and I shall move to reduce it
to §10,000. I hope there will be no objection.
The appropriations expire the middle of this
month andeightthousandfoliopages of inform-
ation are asked for by this House.
The joint resolution was read. It provides
for the appointment by the President, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, of
a suitable person learned in the law to be
examiner of claims of the Department of State,
who shall receive the annual salary of $3,500.
It fulther proposes to authorize the Secretary
ol' State to employ three additional clerks lor
indexing the books, papers, and documents
of the Department; two of them to be clerks
of the fourth class, and the other of the third
class. For the payment of such examiner of
claims and clerks, and for the compensation
of extra and temporary clerks whose employ-
ment may be necessary, the sum of $13,700 is
appropriated.
Mr. KELSEY. The joint resolution makes
an appropriation, and I make the point of
order that it must have its first consideration
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. BANKS. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. DAWES. I would state to the gentle-
man that the Committee on Appropriations
have that matter now under consideration.
Mr. BANKS. It is necessary that there
should be immediate action. The appropria-
tion will be expended in the middle ol this
month.
Mr. DAWES. I would suggest to the gentle-
man that he allow the joint resolution to go to
the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. BANKS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, to allow the joint resolution 10 bo put
upon its passage at this time.
