5236
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Julj 5,
you levy ataxuponmoney which they have paid
out of their own pockets and lost. There is
therefore no justice in such a tax as that.
But the particular inconsistency complained
of by the Senator from Indiana is not incurred
if a man votes against both the gross income
tax and the ordinary income tax. I shall do
both; and without taking any time, without
even exhausting the five minutes which I am
expected to occupy, I wish simply to say that
I vote against the income tax because, while
I admit that theoretically it is a perfect way of
getting revenue, yet in its practical operation
it lays a tax upon conscience. Go through the
agricultural districts of Wisconsin,and you will
find in all instances that the conscientious men,
the clergymen, the men who are on salaries,
whose income is known and can be ascertained,
have to pay their tax; but the men whose
income is in fact five times as large, and you
have no means to reach it, go scot free. In
other words, as the Senator from Pennsylvania
denominated it, the tax upon incomes in its
practical operation is a tax upon conscience ;
and conscience has fared badly in this country
a great many times.
Mr. WARNER. I should like to know
whether this vote is to be a final one on the
question of the income tax. The Senate has
three times, by a yea and nay vote, expressed
its sense upon the income tax, once against it
and twice in favor of it. The income tax has
won the rubber again. Now, I should like to
know whether this vote, if taken, is to be final,
or whether to morrow somebody who did not
happen to be here to-night is to come in and
say he did not have a fair chance ; he was not
here, and the question is to be renewed again.
I think the Senate, after having voted three
times on this question, twice to sustain the tax,
with as fall a Senate as we have to-night, or
as we have upon the average, will very prop-
erly subject itself to some of the criticisms
which have been made, and it will make itself
in some degree liable to just criticism if it
now reverses its action. I hope at least that if
another vote is to be taken it may be consid-
ered as a final one on this question.
Mr. CRAGIN. I have no apologies to offer
to the Senate, to the country, or to any of the
newspapers for the action which I have taken
upon this subject. Except when the vote was
first taken, when I was absent on account of
sickness, 1 have voted uniformly to retain this
income tax, because I believed it to bo just,
because I believed it to be good party policy,
and that the most suicidal policy that could bo
adopted would be to repeal or abandon it.
The newspapers of the great commercial cen-
ters of this country are ail in favor of repeal-
ing this tax, and mainly because they have to
pay an income tax. The men of wealth are
in favor of abolishing this tax because they
have money to pay. Bat I say to the Senate
here to-night, that if this tax is repealed and
abandoned the people of this country, the
millions of people of this country, will be
heard against the one hundred or one hundred
and fifty thousand whom this tax affects. The
tax is burdensome. So are all taxes. The
question is, whether taxes are more burden-
some upon men of wealth or upon men in
indigent circumstances. If you choose to tax
people in this country for the tea and coffee
that they drink and the sugar that they use,
and abolish this income tax upon wealth, upon
net receipts, then I wa3h my hands of that
business.
Mr. SUMNER. _ The Senator from New
Hampshire says the income tax is burdensome;
but he docs not say why. Because it is unjust.
Mr. CRAGIN. Because it implies the pay-
ment of money ; nothing more.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator says because
it implies the payment of money. Does not
every tax imply the payment of money ? Cer-
tainly it does. It is burdensome because it is
unjust.
Mr. MORTON. Why unjust?
Mr. SUMNER. Because it orierates tm-
equitably. It does not operate equally upon
the country.
Mr. DRAKE. All taxation does that.
Mr. SUMNER. Not at all. The income
tax is peculiarly unjust, and so is the tax on
gross receipts ; and therefore from the begin-
ning I have been againstthem both. I set my
face against injustice, and I proclaim both of
those taxes to be unjust.
Then, in answer to the Senator from New
York, who says the Senate cannot dare to take
off  
Mr. CONKLING. Ibeg the Senator'spar-
don. The Senator from Ohio said that.
Mr. SUMNER. Did I not say Oh:o? I
ask a thousand pardons of the Senator from
New York. He is the last person that I would
refer to.
Mr. CONKLING. I am very much obliged
to the Senator.
Mr. SUMNER. I meant the Senator from
Ohio. I understood the Senator from Ohio to
say that the Senate would not dare to take off
these two taxes. Why not? He proceeds on
his own estimates of the amount of taxes that
can be taken olf. Now, sir, to-night I have
received a paper from one of the ablest, most
experienced and thorough statisticians in the
country, who has given incalculable attention
to these very estimates. I will read you a sen-
tence or two that he writes me:
"The figures submitted by Senator Sherman to tho
Senate are not founded on the latest data, and are
neither accurate nor reliable."
Mr. SHERMAN. Who writes that ?
Mr. SUMNER. One of the ablest statisti-
cians in the country. I will read the letter,
and then the Senator may ask it:
" Tthas lortg been tho practice at Washing ton, when
an effort was made to reduce taxes, to resort to old
figures, to underrate income and overrate expenses,
and Ibus roll up a useless surplus and perpetuate
public burdens. I take theliberty, therefore, to sub-
mit to you an approximate estimate I have made
upon the returns last published by the Buieau of
Btatistics and by the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue, and from tho account of appropriations given
by Mr. Dawes in his recent speeches.
"By these you will see that after striking off
$100,090,000 of taxes on the 1st of October, wo may
cxpect a surplus of £-72,000,000 for tho current fiscal
your.
" Were any substitute requisite for the income tax,
I feel confident it should not be the still more oner-
ous tax now imposed on gross receipts or transporta-
tion. The best substitute would be the present light
tax of one fifth of one per cent, on sales, to be levied
but onoo a year in January, whenyearlyaccountsaro
made up. This would yield several millions more
than tho tax on gross receipts, and against this thoro
is little or no complaint."
I have here the details of tho estimate.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, I should like to
have tho name of the author of that communi-
cation.
Mr. SUMNER. E. H. Derby, of Boston.
Accompanying his letter are these details :
Estimate of the revenue of the United States by E. II.
Derby.
Revenue for year ending June 30, 1S70, from cus-
toms 8194,000,000
ltevenue for year ending June 30, 1370,
from internal taxes  187,000,000
Revenue for year ending Juno 39, 1870,
from incidentals, namely:
Sales of land  $5,500,000
National tax on circulation
and deposits  6,500.000
Premium on gold  12,000,000
Arrears of taxes,sales of sur-
plus property, fines, sun-
dries, etc  10,000,000
  34,000,000
Add for elasticity of revenue, or growth
of revenue, 1870 to 1871  17,000,000
432,000,000
Deduct for expenses of 1870 to 1871 as per
estimate of Mr. Dawes, chairman of
Committee on Appropriations, in June
last  285,000,003
147,000,000
From this deduct for proposed reduction
of taxes, to take cii'uct October 1,1870... 100,000,000
47,000,000
Add for revenue from reduced taxes for
first quarter of 1870 and 1871 accruing
prior to reduction of October 1  2-3,000,000
Surplus of fiscal year 1870-71  £72,000,090
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It becomes
the duty of the Chair to announce to the Sen-
ator that he has spoken five minutes.
Mr. STEWART. It is very evident, after all
that has been said, that I must apologize for
my vote on the income tax. My apology is
that I have voted against it every time because
I wanted myself to take off the tax.
Mr. MORTON. That is as good a reason
as I have heard given, and the best one.
Mr. ROBERTSON, Mr. President, there
seems to be one error in all the statements on
the subject of the income tax as to the number
of persons who pay that tax in the United
States. It is variously estimated from two hun-
dred and fifty to two hundred and seventy thou-
sand persons. I think I can prove to the satis-
faction of any Senator on this floor that over a
million persons pay the income tax in the
United States, and possibly two millions. Each
railroad corporation in the United States, when
it pays its coupons, reserves the five per
cent., and that corporation is returned as one.
There may be two thousand persons, and pos-
sibly more than two thousand persons holding
the bonds of that corporation; and yet only
one person is known in that return, that being
the corporation. I have no doubt myself that
the number of persons paying the income tax
in the United States is nearer two millions than
one million. This is an error that I desire
corrected, because I have no doubt that it has
gone out to the country from this place that
not more than, say, two hundred and fifty thou-
sand persons pay the income tax. As each
corporation reserves the five per cent., there is
no individual tax return on incomes derived
from that source, one corporation probably
returning the tax for two thousand persons;
and the same is true of banks also. That
will account for the small number of persons
in the United States who apparently pay an
income tax. I know of individuals who pay
an income tax whose incomes do not amount
to $200; but still the corporations in which
their small means are invested reserve the five
per cent, when they present their coupons for
payment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The clock points now
to a quarter after eleven. I am satisfied we
could finish this bill in the next three quarters
of an hour, and do it as intelligently as we can
by talking this thing over. Now, if Senators
will assume that their fellow-Senators under-
stand this question upon which we have voted
two or three times, we can vote and dispose
of this bill to-night. ["Agreed!" "Agreed!"]
But I have risen with a view of making a mo-
tion to adjourn. I think it is hopeless to try to
get a vote, and certainly we cannot sit here
night after night until twelve o,clock, as we
are doing now. If the Senate will proceed to
vote, we cannot only dispose of the question
of the income tax and the tax on gross receipts,
which are thoroughly understood, but we can
pass this bill in the next three quarters of an
hour. Will the Senate try it?
Several Senators. Yes; let us vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont to the amendment of the Senator
from New York.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask for the yeas and
nays upen it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. McDONALD, (having first voted in the
affirmative.) I voted under a misapprehen-
sion. I supposed the Senator from Nebraska
[Mr. Thayer] was in the Chamber, but I find
that he is absent. I agreed to pair off with
him. I therefore withdraw my vote.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. The Sen-
ator from Nebraska [Mr. TnAi'ii;T is paired
with the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis.]
The Senator irom Kentucky ictired from the
Chamber with thai understanding.
Mr. McDONALD. The Senator from Ne-
braska agreed to pair ofi'with me this evening.
I withdraw mv vote.
