4292
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
a weekly sum out of the revenue thereof for
the'service of the war and other her Majesty's
occasion." This statute was not short-lived,
and its success as a " war measure" encour-
aged the imposition of other burdens, so that
the great English commentator, Sir William
Biaekstone, selected the post, office as a favor-
ite pack-horse, "There cannot be devised,"
says he, " a more eligible method than this of
raising money upon the subject; for therein
both the Government and the people find a
mutual benefit. The Government requires a
large revenue and the people do their business
with greater ease, expedition, and cheapness
than they would be able to do if no such tax
existed." (1 Biaekstone Comm.,324.) Hereis
the rule authoritatively declared which so long
prevailed with regard to the post office.
ORIGIN OP FRANKING PRIVILEGE IN ENGLAND.
The English franking privilege was the nat-
ural parasite of such a system whore the true
idea of a post office was entirely forgotten.
Its origin belongs to Ibis argument, ft was
in 1G56, beneath the sway of the great Pro-
tector, while the Postage Act was before the
House, that Sir Christopher Peck is reported
as saying, "As to letters passing free for mem-
bers, it is not worth putting in any actand
this is the earliest allusion to "letters pass-
ing free for members." (Burton's Diary of
Cromwell.) The idea showed itself again
just after the restoration, while the act of 12
Charles II was under discussion. The propo-
sition to frank all letters to or from mem-
bers of Parliament during the session was
carried on a division and after considerable
debate, in the course of which Sir Henonge
Finch, so eminent as lawyer and judge, char-
acterized it as "a poor, mendicant proviso,
and below the honor of the House." Among
its partisans was Sir George Downing, a grad-
uate in the first class of Harvard College.
The Speaker, Sir Harbottle Grimstone, on
putting the question, paused to say, " I am
ashamed of it." The Lords struck it out of
the bill, ostensibly for the reasons which had
actuated the opposition in the Commons, but
really because there was no provision that " the
Lords's own letters should pass free." Al-
though the proposition failed at that time to
obtain legislative sanction, yet the object was
accomplished indirectly. In the indenture
with the contractor to whom the post office was
farmed there was a proviso for the free carriage
of all letters to or from the King, the great
officers of State, "and also the single inland
letters only of the members of the present, Par-
liament during the continuance of this session
of Pailiament." And thus began the''frank-
ing privilege" in England. Defeated in Parlia-
ment, it was smuggled into a post ollieo con-
tract. With such un origin, it became a mere
perquisite of office, and afterward, when sanc-
tioned by statute, it was employed at t ho mere
will of its possessor, who distributed his franks
sometimes among his friends and sometimes
sold them for a price.
l'OST OFFICE IS TJIK COLONIES.
The postal service in the colonies was on a
small scale. Authentic incidents show its be-
ginnings. The government of New York in
1072 established "a post to goo monthly from
New York to Boston," advertising " those that
bee disposed to send letters to bring them to
the secretary's office, where, in a loekt box,
thoy shall be preserved till the messenger calls
lor them, all persons paying the post before
the. bagg bo scaled up." (Encyclopedia Brit-
annica. art. Post Office.) Thirty years later this
monthly post was fortnightly. In Virginia the
postal service was more simple. The colonial
law of 1657 required every planter to provide
a messenger for the conveyance of dispatches
as they arrived to the next plantation, and so
forward, on pain of forwarding a hogshead of
tobacco for default. Until after 1701 there was
no regular post further east than Boston, or
farther west thau Philadelphia, In that year
Lord Cornbury, writing to Government at
home, says:
"If I have any letter to send to Virginia or to
Maryland, Iniust either send an express,who is often
letarded for want of bouts to cross those great rivers
they mast go over, or else for want of horses, or else
I must send them by some passengers who are going
thither. The least I have knowu any express to take
hence to Virginia has been three weeks."
Shortly afterward stage coaches were estab-
lished between Boston and New York, and
between Boston and Philadelphia ; but no post
office was established in Virginia until 1732 ;
nor did any postal revenue accrue to Great
Britain from the colonies until 1753, when
Benjamin Franklin became postmaster general
for the colonies.
The same genius which ruled in philosophy
and in politics was not wanting in this sphere
of duty. The office was remodeled and the sphere
of its operations extended. The people of the
Colonies were startled in 1700 by his proposi-
tion to run a stage-wagon with the mail from
Philadelphia to Boston as ofteu as once a week,
starting from each capital Monday morning, and
reaching the other Saturday night. Such was
the beginning of fast mails. But the efforts
of Franklin in this department became tribu-
tary to the revenues of the mother country.
On his removal, in 1774, he was able to say,
"Before I was displaced by a freak of the min-
isters we had brought it to yield three times as
much char revenue to the Crown as the post
office of Ireland. Since that imprudent tians-
actiou they have received from it—not one
farthing." Revenue! Always revenue! Even
Fianklin shows no sign of ascending to the
true idea of a post office. The Revolution was
now at lmnd, when the Crown censed to receive
revenue from any source in the United States.
But in separating from the mother country the
post office was left unchanged in character.
It was an undeveloped agency, with receipts
always above expenses.
EKFOItM AND PENNY I'OSTACE IN ENGLAND.
Meanwhile, in the mother country the post
office continued to be a source of revenue; but
its natural capacities were impaired by a de-
fective system, without an animating soul. It
was merely a machine for carrying a few letters
and putting money into the public treasury.
Though still on a small scale, its processes
were multifarious. The rates were constantly
altered, and generally increased in amount,
and also in number, in each of the three king
doms, and without uniformity in either two.
From two or three, in 1710, they rose in num-
ber until they reached the climax of absurdity
and inconvenience in twelve different rates for
England and Scotland in 1812, and thirteen for
Ireland in 1814. The impracticable system,
with rates at once numerous and high, led to
perpetual evasions, while the franking privilege
was a charge without an equivalent, xlt last
the day of revolution came. After careful in-
quiry the old system was swept away, anckwith
it no less than one hundred and fifty acts of
Pailiament by which it was incumbered. The
old was succeeded by the new, and the change
was complete. No institution in history ever
underwent at once a transformation so benefi-
cent as that of the British post office.
Next after Benjamin Franklin, Rowland Hill
will be enrolled as the most remarkable char-
acter in the history of the post office. The son
of a schoolmaster, of simple life, and without
any connection with the postal service, he con-
ceived the idea of radical reform. It is not
too much to say that he became the inventor
or author of cheap postage. More than all
Franklin did for the Colonies Hill did for Great
Britain. Call him inventor or author, there
are few on either list more worthy of honor,
and since what is done for one country becomes
the common property of the world, he belongs
to the world's benefactors.
Rowland Hill well observed that, while pop-
ulation, business, and all other branches of
national revenue had greatly increased during
the preceding twenty years the revenue of the
post office had actually decreased; that, for
instance, stage coaches had ineieased during
this period a hundred and twenty five pui ecut ,
while the revenue of the post, office had actually
diminished, showing, according to the increase
of stage-coaches, a positive loss of more than
two million pounds sterling. Evidently there
was something abnormal when the conveyance
of persons and parcels was so much beyond
that of letters. After showing the loss to the
revenue, the generous reformer demonstrated
elcarly that the actual cost of carrying a letter
by coach in the mail from London to Edin-
burgh, being four hundred miles, was only one
thirty-sixth part of a penny—from which it
was properly inferred that the actual differ-
ence of expense between transporting a letter
one mile and delivering it and transporting
it four hundred miles and delivering it, did
not justify a different rate of postage. His
conclusion was that the large cost of distrib-
uting letters grew outof a complex and multi-
farious system, springing especially from many
rates; that all this would be superseded, if
postage were charged without regard to dis-
tance at a uniform rate, and that this uniform
rate should be one penny—and he did not hesi-
tate to declare that with this change there
would be an increase m correspondence "at
least five and aquarter fold." In his original
proposition, Rowland Hill relied especially
upon a uniform rate at a penny, regardless of
distance, and promised from this simplicity,
economy, and an immense increase in corie-
spondenee. Bat offensive as the ftanking priv-
ilege had become, and burdensome to the postal
service, he did not at first propose its excision.
His plan encountered that honest oppositipn
which improvement of all kind is obliged to
overcome. The record is most instructive.
The Postmaster General, Lord Lichfield, said
in the House of Lords: " Of all the wild and
visionary schemes, which I have ever heard of,
it is the most extravagant." (Hansard, Parlia-
mentary Debates, June 15, 1837.) On another
occasion the same high official assured the
House that if the anticipated increase in letters
should be realized, "the mails will have to carry
twelve times as much in weight, and therefore
the charge for transmission, instead of the
.£100,000 as now, must be twelve times that
amount. The walls of the post office would
burst; the whole area in which the building
stands would not be large enough to receive the
clerks and the letters." (Hansard, Parliament-
ary Debates, December 18, 1837.) In the
same spirit with his chief, Colonel Maberly,
the experienced secretary of the post office,
in liis testimony before the committee, did
not hesitate to say, " It appears to me a most
preposterous plan, utterly unsupported by facts
and resting entirely on assumption." And he
proceeded to predict a loss of revenue froia
its adoption, saying that if postage were re-
duced to one penny the revenue "would not
recover itself for forty or fifty years." (Par-
liamentary papers, session 1837-38; Reports
on Postage, vol. xx, No. 1091G, pt. 2, p. 349.)
The London Quarterly Review, with its habit-
ual obstructivcness, set itself against the new
plan audits promised result, s<tjing, "Com-
mon sense is astounded at such a result and
refuses to believe it, though it cannot at first
sight discover where the fallacies lie; but a lit-
tle examination will show that, as usual, com-
mon sense is right, even against the assumed
accuracy of arithmetic." (Vol. 04, p. 541;
October, 1839.) 1 give these as illustrative
examples of the opposition encountered.
The proposed reform was vindicated as prac-
tical and beneficent, first by witnesses before
the parliamentary committee, and then in par-
liamentary debate. The committee examined
no less than eighty-nine witnesses. These were
from every rank and nearly every trade and
profession—peers of the realm, members of
the House of Commons, authors, publishers,
merchants, bankers, mechanics, common car-
riers, clergymen, solicitors, post office officials,
