148
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15,
In the North all classes intermingle, and the
example may soon pervade all sections of the
country. The young laborer marries the farm-
er's daughter; the clerk the merchant's; the
wealthy court alliance with the pure and
modest charms of the poor; and in every suc-
ceeding generation, under our laws of descent
and distribution, the affluent and the in-
digent are prone to change places, as the habits
formed in the one case no more swiftly lead
to want than in the other they assuredly lead
to fortune. The passion to spend is as
all-pervading as that of acquisition. Here
wealth circulates, and seldom rests long in
stagnant pools. Concentrated wealth, unless
upheld by feudal props, like water in the
clouds, is subject to storms and lightnings,
which promote in their discharge an equi-
librium in the condition of the world at
large.
From the general fusion and perpetual reen-
forcement of other races, coming from abroad
to find a better opportunity to labor, and wh®
ought not to be demoralized by any visionary
idea of living without labor, will result the
moral and intellectual power as well as the
material growth which is forever to give the
American people character among the great
nations of the world. The grandeur of our
future history largely depends upon the preser-
vation of the republican idea that voluntary
labor discredits no man; and though that idea
may be more surely undermined by slow ap-
proaches—two hours at a time—than by bold
and direct attack, this attempt to sell labor and
keep it too, it is to be feared, is pushed on by
some with the silent conviction that after all
labor is not honorable, and that some scheme
for its avoidance must be invented. The at-
tempt, however, must fail, as the experience
of each individual will ultimately show; and
if it could succeed it would extinguish national
advancement as well as the school of the best
representatives of personal and private worth.
All property, whether of buildings or railroads,
farming implements or the tools of mechanics,
ships or live stock, suffers rapid deterioration,
ana must be nursed and periodically repro-
duced, or mankind would soon revert from
civilization to simple barbarism. The dismal
condition of nations and races that decline
labor, or that make an unwise use of the fruits
of their labor, sufficiently illustrates the point.
Their poverty is only an index of their mental
and physical imbecility.
The Senatorfrom Massachusetts, [Mr. Wil-
son,] for whom, as he knows, I entertain
both respect and regard, is always luminous
over the past, present, and future, and he
often dilates with great force and truth upon
the superior advantages proffered to laboring
men by our country over all others, and yet
upon a sudden he becomes the loudest in his
wailing complaints for a redress of grievances.
He as well as myself have occasion to re-
member that rugged toil in boyhood has been
of no disadvantage, and he, at least, is a liv-
ing picture of physical health and strength,
while his history contains abundant evidence
that his intellectual energies, ever panting for
fresh encounters with some new moral or polit-
ical monsters, have not been quenched by the
hard discipline of his youth. The Senator
should not be ashamed to avow, and I know
he will not be, with Lord Eldon under like
circumstances, that had he been released from
the necessity of personal effort, and instead
had been loaded with paternal acres and
largesses, he might not have been here to-day.
The places of honor as well as of profit, the
Senator will admit, are here not inaccessible
to those who labor or who have labored. The
sin of infants was said to be that they hung
•upon the breast and cried. Who is it now
that hangs upon the breast of our country
crying—1 will not say bawling—the loudest,
and thus braving the condemnation due to
infants of a larger growth ?
ThatI may not do any injustice I will quote
some passages from one of the speeches of the
Senator at the last session of Congress:
" Mr. Wilson. The Senator [from New York] says
the country is now groaning under the sreat .bur-
den of interest imposed upon us by the national
debt. I do not believe the country is groaning at all.
I have heard no groaning. I see more expenditure,
more extravagance in the country among, all condi-
tions of men now than at any other period of our
history." * * * * "A nation that can
earn $5,000,000,000 annually, that can add to its cap-
ital annually more than a thousand million dollars,
is not in a desperate condition. The laborer of the
country is better paid than in any portion of our his-
tory, and i3 and has been during the pastsevenyears
as well employed as during auy other period in the
history ofthecountry. Our great burden, if we have
got any burden, is that the people hare been making
money so fast and so easy that they are extrava-
gant in everything. All classes, conditions, pursuits
squander money." *"" 4 * * "A man of
the West, claiming to be a statesman, came last
autumn into the State of Maine and in the face of
thousands of prosperous, thriving pesple, farmers,
men who were making money and knew it, men who
were receiving larger wages than they ever received
before, men who were strong, free, and independent,
told them how poor they were. They laughed in his
face, and well they might."—Conoressional Globe,
March 26,1S69.
Yet the Senator since that, not afraid of
being laughed at, tells the workin gmen how
poorly off they are, and steps forward to their
relief, champions the eight-hour law, and
forces his interpretation of it upon the Depart-
ments !
Asl have already observed, much of the labor
of our country is performed in connection
with labor-saving instruments and machines,
moving at a fixed rate of speed, which cannot
be increased and continue to turn out good
work. It is plain that when these machines,
involving a large outlay of capital, run only
eight hours instead of ten per day only four
fifths of the usual amount of work will be done.
The products of all such establishments would
thus be increased in cost as welt as diminished
in quantity twenty per cent. How many could
go on under such aregimen? Massachusetts em-
ploys a large part of its capital and almost four
times as many persons (271,421) in manufac-
tures and the mechanic arts as in agriculture,
(68,626.) The total products of all her indus-
tries save agriculture in 1865, including the
cost of raw materials, amounted to about four
hundred and thirty-five million dollars, and
those of agriculture to $81,000,000. The rela-
tions of capital and labor there have always
been blended in unbroken harmony. The prod-
ucts of the State in consequence of the aux-
iliary power of machinery may be estimated to
have been more than doubled, and possibly
quadrupled. To restrict the hours of action of
all their tireless giants of steam and of water
would be to make manufactures and the me-
chanic arts unprofitable pursuits. Wendell
Phillips's lecture on the lost arts would find a
new illustration. Short time, if it touched the
hours of the laborer only,would be sufficiently
pernicious; but it would include, and there-
fore paralyze, all investments in manufacturing
by machinery. The wheels of Lowell, revolv-
ing only eight hours per day, would be eclipsed
in all markets by those revolving ten or twelve
in Manchester and Bradford. A tariff on tip-
toe could not protect them. Short time would
be destructive to the profits not only of labor,
but of capital, and finally strangle the pros-
perity of that hitherto model Commonwealth.
Both capital and labor would have to emigrate,
for the soil of Massachusetts is not fertile
enough to offer to its people the alternative
resource of living upon bread alone. Is such
a result to be courted ?
A division of labor is all that sustains the
price of a day's work here above that of the
lowest European standard. Break down the
mechanic arts and manufactur.es, and return all
that are. therein employed to agriculture, and
Americans would soon become merely rude
competitors of the barbarians on the Danube
or of the wild hunters of the forest.
The evil consequences of the adoption of
sueh a law will not, however, be confined to
any one State or section, old or new, but will
pervade all parts of our eoantry. California,
with its wonderful climate and its unparalleled
fertility of soil, loaded with precious metals
and having the golden gate to the trade of
India, China, and all the East—a State where
labor is more needed and already more liber-
ally rewarded, perhaps, than upon any other
spot on earth—is almost made to halt in its
prosperous career by the mere agitation of the
eight-hour law. The present inhabitants, in
part drawn thither to obtain a living without
work, are nearly ready to forsake the business
of mining, which has done so much to develop
our country, because of its waning products,
but yet are not quite ready to earnestly engage
in tn® more systematic branches of industry—
though agriculture and manufactures seem to
promise the most brilliant results—and the idea
of a reduction of the hours of labor is seized
upon by a certain portion of their people with
the avidity of those who if they cannot avoid
all work will only accept the least possible share
of it. Labor and trade is to some extent dis-
organized. No new enterprise can start on this
basis. Even the auspicious opening of the
wool and silk business staggers under the mere
apprehension of conditions inconsistent with
its continuance and prosperity, and Chinese
labor has become a necessity, though it has to
struggle against those who refuse to work them-
selves and deny the right to others.
Occasional earthquakes excite momentary
horror, but their permanent influence may
prove less disastrous than a measure which
would nip in the bud the worthy ambition of
the Pacific coast hereafter to tenfold its pres-
ent crop of wheat, produce its countless mil-
lions of manufactures, and grasp the lion's
share in the trade across the Pacific ocean.
The desire of pleasure more often than any-
thing else is the origin of such false theories
, of human action as shipwreck the friends of
| progress among mankind. The indulgences
I sold by the Roman church in the days of
S Luther increased the pleasure of both priest
| and people, unmindful of their falsity; but the
i doctrine shook the very foundations of Cathol-
icism. There is a pleasure in the idea of a
reduction of the hours of labor whenever the
world can afford it; but at present, without
further advancement in the mechanical means
of subsistence, it would prove an unprofitable
experiment and wreck the future advancement
of any nation, especially that of a republic.
This measure, while It might give a few
mechanics, and very few comparatively, a
longer nooning, a later start or an earlier dis-
missal, could not furnish their families with
any increased comforts of life, nor would it
cause more houses, ships, or railroads to be
built, nor more cloth to be woven or iron to be
forged; but with less work done and to be
done it would create more competition, either
by the importation of additional forces or by
withdrawing those from agriculture for which
short hours would have created a demand, and
could not fail in the economy of the world to
reduce compensation in the end to the exact
proportion of the work actually done. To
argue otherwise is as futile as to argue against
the laws of gravity and the unchangeable expe-
rience of mankind. Not less than eighty per
cent, of all the products of the world are annu-
ally consumed by the laboring classes. Reduce
the hours of labor and there would be neces-
sarily much less to consume, while the cost of
living would be increased. After supplying
the necessaries of life there would be nothing
left to be set aside for the future enjoymetjtof
the laborer or for the welfare of his family.
The great stimulus to industry of annual
savings would be withdrawn, and ill its place
would appear hopeless indigence and indolence.
It is manifest that while the measure can be
welcomed only by a misguided few, and those
possibly not among the most distinguished for
industry, virtue, and intelligence, it should be
repudiated by the toiling millions of the country
as a grave calamity.
A law regulating the labor of minor children
