3348
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11
v 3
engaged in these filibustering efforts—ami I
have at times been to some extent engaged in
them—that it' we could bring ourselves to that
position we accomplished all that the country
could expect of us, the responsibility resting
upon those who simply fight against time ana
against physical endurance. I hope, therefore,
that the House, out of respect for itself, out of
respect for such a body as this House ought to
be, and out of respect to the country which we
represeut, will in a dignified and decorous
manner adjourn this proceeding, and allow a
night of reflection to bring the House to a
proper consideration of jthe subject. I there-
fore move that we now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot enter-
tain that motion until some business intervenes,
a motion to adjourn having just been nega-
tived.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I did not mean to move
nit adjournment. I hope the motion will come
from the other side.
I have desired to make
The regular order!
I simply wish to say to
Mr. WHEELER.
a statement ■
Several Members.
Mr. WHEELER.
the House that I design-
Mr. SARGENT. I object to debate.
The SPEAJvER. No debate is in order
except by unanimous consent.
Mr. CESSNA. I move that the House take
a recess till half past seven o'clock this even-
ing-
fhe motion was not agreed to.
Mr. WHEELER. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The (notion was agreed to; and (at four
o'clock and thirty-five minutes p. m.) the
House adjauraed.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, Sue., were presented
under th« rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees -.
By Mr. BANKS: Letter of Otis Clapp, in
relation to ventilation of the Halls of the Cap-
ital.
Also, letters of V. A. Thompson and Thomas
Boyd, in relation to the same subject.
By Mr. BEATTY: The petition of Horace
McKee and 150 others, citizens of Morrow
county, Ohio, asking for the passage of a bill
introduced by Hon. J. J. wihahs to divide the
State of Ohio into three judicial districts.
By Mr. BUFFINTON: The memorial of
W. C. N. Swift, of New Bedford, Massachu-
setts, praying that an act may be passed author-
izing the Secretary of the Treasury to issue
an American register to the ship Robert L.
Lane.
By Mr. COBURN: The memorial of the
trustees of the Indiana University, to obtain
the detail of retired officers of the Army as
military professors in colleges and universities.
By Mr. HAMILL: A remonstrance of citi-
zens of Frederick, Maryland, against the fur-
ther assessment and collection of the income
tax.
By Mr. ROGERS: The petition of James
Thompson, of Washita county, Arkansas, for
removal of his disabilities.
By Mr. TWICHELL: The petition of Charles
Stoddard and others, of Boston, Massachusetts,
for reduction of legacy and succession taxes.
By Mr. YAN TRUMP: The petition of Henry
Summersett and 15 others, soldiers of the war
of 1312, residents of Ross county, Ohio, pray-
ing for the passage of a bill granting a pension
to all the surviving soldiers of the war of 1812.
By Mr. WILSON, of Ohio: The petition of
David Ruggles, praying for such congressional
 Miactment8 as will prevent the extermination
of the American buffalo.
By Mr. WINCHESTER: The petition of
William Gusil, praying for relief.
Also, the petition and accompanying papers
of Herman Detweiler, praying for a pension.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, May 11, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
; approved.
! petitions and memorials.
j Mr. SHERMAN presented the petition of
| A. M. Gangewer, chief clerk Third Auditor's
' office, praying to be allowed the difference of
pay between that of chief clerk and that of
i Third Auditor from December 9,1869, to April
i 20, 1870, being the time be performed the
' duties of Third Auditor; which was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. FENTON presented two memorials of
sellers of household wringers in Canandai-
gua and Auburn, New York, remonstrating
against the extension of John Young's patent
for washing and wringing machines ; which
were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. VICKERS presented the petition of N.
H. Wood, of Portage city, Wisconsin, asking
for an increased volume of currency to the
amount of $800,000,000; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petitions of
Valentine Hylton, of Patrick county, Virginia;
of Thomas Trice, of Middlesex county, Vir-
ginia ; of Claiborne Akers, of Patrick county,
Virginia; of William Critz, of Patrick county,
Virginia; of H. G. Richardson, of Charlotte
county, Yirginia; of Madison T. Lawson, of
Patrick county, Virginia; of John T. Hoskins, 1
of Essex county, Virginia; of Jefferson Law-
son, of Patrick county, Virginia; of Campbell
B. St. John, of Marion, Smyth county, Vir-
ginia; of Joseph Edwards, of Patrick county,
, Virginia; of Charles D. Vest, of Floyd county,
Virginia; of Henry B. St. Myth, of Burksville,
! Nottaway county,Virginia, and of Johh Shelor,
| of Patrick county, Virginia, praying the re-
I moval of their political disabilities ; which
were referred to the select Committee on the
; Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petitions of B. R.
Battaile, of Westmoreland county, Virginia;
of Dr. Samuel C. Smith, of Lunenburg county,
Virginia; of John T. Lynn, of London county,
Virginia; of E. J. H. Redd,of Accomac county,
Virginia; of R. H. Baker, of Nansemond
county, Virginia, and of William A. Webb,
of Goochland connty, Virginia, praying the
removal of their political disabilities; which
were referred to the Belect Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petition of Richmond
Robinson and others, citizens of Essex county,
Virginia, in behalf of A. G. D. Roy, praying
the removal of his political disabilities; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. FLANAGAN presented the petition of
Zephaniah G. Matthews, of Hopkins county,
Texas, praying the removal of his political
disabilities; which was referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. SCHURZ presented the petition of Mar-
ens Ottenburg, praying compensation for ser-
vices rendered as charge d'affaires of the United
States to the republic of Mexico ; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. BOREMAN presented the petitions
of James H. Ballard and William H. Garland,
of Albemarle county, Virginia, praying the
removal of their political disabilities; which
were referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. SPRAGUE presented the petition of
Henry A. Bartlett, captain United States Ma-
rine corps, praying compensation for losses
sustained by him while in the service of the
United States; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. CONKLING. I present a memorial of
the Citizens' Association of New York, in refer-
ence to a bill incorporating nn international
society of the United States for the promotion I
and protection of immigration. The memorial !
sets forth n state of facts well worthy of the
attention of Congress touching the treatment
to which immigrants are subjected. A bill with
reference to this subject has been introduced 11
and referred to the Committee ou the Judi-
ciary; andlmovethat this memorial be referred '
to the same committee.
The motion was agreed to. :
Mr. CONKLING also presented the petition
of N. H. Wood, of Portage city, Wisconsin,
praying an increased and clastic volume of
currency totheamountof$300,000,000; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HARLAN. I present the memorial of
Hon. George W. Jones, formerly a Senator of
the United States from Iowa, relative to a bill
now pending, proposing to grant to the city of
Dubuque a certain lot heretofore used by the
Catholic church in that city for a burial place.
The memorialist states that this lot was set
apart for burial purposes by the commissioner
of the United States originally, when the city
was laid off, and has been used by the Catholic
church there for that purpose up to this time.
He prays that the bill may not be passed, or if
it should be passed, that time be given to the
authorities of the church to make a representa-
tion of the facts. I move the reference of the
memorial to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I present a
memorial of the Providence Tool Company,
of Providence, Rhode Island; of the Eureka
Clothes-Wringing Machine Company ; of the
Boston Elastic Fabric Company; and of C. Mc-
Burney; Clapp, Evans <fc Co.; Cutter, Tower
& Co., and Colby, Brothers & Co., of Water-
bury, Connecticut, remonstrating against the
extension of John Young's patent for washing
and wringing machines. I move that it lie on
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
papers withdrawn and referred.
On motion of Mr. EDMUNDS, it was
Ordered, That the petition of John "W. Salyers, of
Indiana, praying for a pension on account of mili-
tary services during the war of 1812, be withdrawn
from the filea of the Senate and referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions,
On motion of Mr. EDMUNDS, it was
Ordered, That Catharine Barry have leave to with-
draw from the files of the Senate her petition pray-
ing for a pension.
reports of committees.
Mr. SPENCER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of
Elizabeth A. Spurgeon, widow of S. N. Spur-
geon, late sergeant company D, fourth United
States veteran volunteers, reported a bill (S.
No. 904) granting a pension to Elizabeth A.
Spurgeon ; which was read, and passed to a
second reading.
Mr. COLE, from the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, to whom was referred
a communication from the War Department
on the subject, submitted a report, accompa-
nied by a bill (S. No. 905) to extend Winder's
building for the use of the War Department.
The bill was read and passed to the second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SCOTT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Moses
Van Name and others, owners of the schooner
M. Van Name, of New York, praying compen-
sation for damages caused to her by the revenue-
cutter Nemaha, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration, which was agreed
to, and submitted a report thereon; which was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (H. R. No.
209) authorizing the Secretary of War to audit
