2404
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQJSE.
April 4,
Mr. DAWES. It will be my duty to call
for the yeas and nays on this first step toward
increasing the expenditures by the creation of
new offices.
Mr. BANKS. It does not create new offices.
Mr. DAWES. It creates a new law officcr
in the Department of State, while the question
is pending as to thp consolidation of the law
officers.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise toapoint of order,
that the motion to suspend the rules is nof
debatable.
The SPEAKER. TJie Chair sustains the
point of order.
On suspendingthe rules, the House divided j
and there were—ayes GO, noes 56.
So (two thirdsnothayingvotcdaffirmativcly)
the rules were not suspended.
_ Mr. BANKS. I withdraw the joint resolu-
tion.
euee bkuvfiuv system.
Mr. INGERSOLL, by unanimous consent,
introduced the following resolution; which was
rend, considered, and agreed to:
llemlval. That tho Committoc on tlx- Post Office
ami Post Roads bo instructed to inquiro into tho ex-
pediency of extending tho "tree delivery system"
to all chic* in the United states containing a popu-
lation of'not less than twenty thousand, and toeapi-
tals of States oontaininaapopulntiou ofnot less than
ten thousand.
new york ou.<to.m-housb.
Mr. COX. 1 asl c unanimous consent lo offer
the following resolution of inquiry for the in-
formation of llio gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Schkxck:]
iU'.iolvfd, 'Chat the Secretary of tho Treasury he
uiieetcil toieiKUt. to this Uouso what changes, by
contracts, regulations, or otherwise, have been re-
cently made by the collector of cu;-iiuuis at New
^ ork city, with relereneo to tho carlaKO of £oods
tho reason tur such ehaitfces, and their effect, ami
whose interests arc promoted or affceted thereby.
There was no objection, and the resolution
was agreed to.
Mr. COX moved to reconsider the.vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider bo laid
on 1 he table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I demand tho regular
order.
pm:to.\a [. explanation.
Mr. IIOLMAN.
sonal explanation.
Mr. SUilKNCK. How long will it occupy?
Mr. IIOLMAN. Two minutes.
There was no objection.
Mr. IIOLMAN. Mr. Sp eakurj on S;M unlay
lust, when the bill authorizing tho Secretary of
the Treasury to issue a certificate of registry
to the schooner Vcnilia was pending before
the House, I stated to the llouse that the
papers accompanying the bill had been mis-
laid, and my recollection was that the collector
at the port of Portland, Maine, had recom-
mended the passage of the bill, and I so stated
to the House. SSmce then the papers have
come to hand, and I have them before me;
and from them it appears that the recommenda-
tion is not from the collector at Portland, but
from the deputy collector at Kennebunk, Maine,
in which district the Venilia was wrecked.
I de&ire to state this fact to the House and ask
that the letter to which I referred from the
Secretary of the Treasury may be read.
The Clerk read the letter, as follows;
Treasury Department, Februun/o, 1870.
Sin: I have the honor to acknowledgo the rcccij;t
of Houbo bill No. 139, authorizing the Secretary of
the Treasury to grant an American register to the
British schooner Vcnilia, transmitted to this Depart-
ment by your direction, with tho memorial of her
owners stating that this vessel of about sixty-one
toos burden waswrcekcl in December last upon tho
beach of Kennebunk, Maine, and sold at auction to
the memorialists ior $80 J. Having been brought into
port she was iound to be so much less damaged than
was anticipated that her repairs did not require even
an expenditure of twice her cost, which places her
beyond the provisions of tho act of 12th December,
1852, relating to wrecked vessels. The memorialists
have therefore applied to Congress for relief, and
you ask my views. I reply, that inasmuch as the
f desire to make a per-
iHCjnorial bears tho certificate of the deputy collector
of customs atKennebunkthat th£ facts presented aye
true to his knoiylod^e, apd that tho owners are c|ti-
zonsof tho United States acjj. goptlemen of integrity,
and inasmuch as ho oxftresses a hope th^t tne appli-
cation may bo granted, I have no reason to" express
a contrary opinion.
With great respect,
GjGORaE g, BQUTtmL.
Secretary.
Hon. If. F. Dixon, G hair man of Committor on Com-
merce, House of Jiepresentatives.
kgbavmbntc of duties.
Mr. JENCKES, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. li. No. 1706) authorizing
the repayment of certain duties; ■syliich was
read a first and second time, ana referred to
tho Committee of Ways and Means.
LOSS 01'' UNITED STATES STEAMER OXISIDA.
Mr. MAYNARD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution (II. li. No. 234)
directing an inquiry into tho loss of the United
States steamer Oneida; which was read a first
and second time.
The question was on ordering the joint reso-
lution to be engrossed and read a third time.
The joint resolution was road. The pream-
ble recites that on tho 24th of January last
the United States steamer Oneida, when leav-
ing the port of Yokohama, Japan, came in col-
lision with the British Peninsular and Oriental
mail steamer Bombay and sunk almost imme-
diately, with the loss of nearly all her ollicers
and tho greater part of her crew; that the
Navy Department has been unable, in answer
to a request of the House of Representatives,
to communicate nny detailed and satisfactory
information touching the circumstances of tho
loss, beyond its extent and the number of cas-
ualties ; that it appears that no full, impartial,
and satisfactory investigation has been made
into the causes of the disaster or into the con-
duct of the parties implicated in it. The joint
resolution directs the Secretary of tho Navy,
with the least practicable delay, to ordgr an
inquiry to be made into the particulars of tho
loss of the United States steamer Oneida, and
of her ollicers and men, with a view to ascer-
tain the responsibility for tlje collision by which
she was destroyed, and the subsequent destrucr
tion of life, and to piako report of tho same to
Congress.
Mr. SCTIENCK. I hope the gentleman will
modify tho resolution so as t,o direct an inquiry
not only into the responsibility for tho collision,
but into the conduct of the commander of the
British vessel afterward.
Mr. MAYNARD. I intended to usegeupral
expressions broad enough to embrace that, and
1 think i have done so.
Mr. SCIIENOK. It is not at all certain that
the Oneida was not in fault in producing the
collision, but J think a much graver question
coincs after that.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 have used tiie words
"the subsequent destruction of life." I think
that covers it.
Mr. SOIIENCK. I think the destruction
of life was less the consequence of the collision
than of the subsequent inhuman conduct of
the commandcr of tho British vessel.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will inodify the resolu-
tion, at the gentleman's suggestion, so that it
will read:
ThattheSecretaryoftheXary, v."iIh thelenstprae-
ticabiodelay.ordcraninquirytobemadcinto the par-
ticulars of tholossol the United Slates steamer Oneida
and of her officers and men. ipc] udiiur the stibsoquent
conduct of the captain of tho steamer Bombay, with
a view to ascertain tho responsibility for tho collision
by whichshc v.-as destroyed, and for the destruction
of life which attended the catastrophe, /vc.
Thejointresolution, as modified, was ordered
to he engrossed and read a third time; and
being engrossed, it wa3 accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. MAYNARD moved to reconsider tho
vote by which the joint resolution was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I yield for a moment to
the gentleman from Ipdiajja, [llr- Julian,] and
then I will yield to the gentleman from Hew
York, [Mr. Bennett.]
protection 03? settlers os bbbuc lands.
Mr. JULIAN introduced a bill (H-. Ii. No.
1707) for the protection of settlers op the pub-
lio lands of the United States; which was read
a first and second time, and' referred to the
Comrnittee on the Public Lands.
T?p,4.1}j5 WITH PftRTP ASIJifUCA.
Mr. BENNETT. J jisk unanimous popgent
to reporj; b$ck fraip tljs Committee on Com-
merce the joint resolptj'op (Hi,' j|. No 223)
relstjng tp tr^s witbthfi Britisl} dependencies
in North Atneyicsi, wit}} a yjeiy tq put it upon
its passage.
The joint yesol iitfop wjis road for i uformation.
It directs the Secretary of the 1'reasury to cause
np inquiry to bg !ps4e) for thp information of
Congress, rel^tiyo to tho stftte of trade between
t|ie Uuited States and the .several* dependencies
of Grei).t Britain in Nqrt}} ^.piofica, for the
purposoof ascertaining whefhgr relations more
advantageous to tho commerce pf t|je United
Sfafes may nqtbe established vyifh those depend-
encies, and by s?htit measures; t>nd it authorizes
tho Secretary to designate a suitable person
to mai;e such inquiry, >vljp may be paid not
moro thau ten dollar? a day while employed in
such service and ten cents a milp for expenses
ot nocessary travel.
Sir. CIJURCIIILL and Mr. PAINE ob-
jected.
KtVUll AN1) K.UtlfOR lMIUlOVKilBHTS.
Mr. SCIIENOK. I now yield to tho gentle-
man from Michigan, [Mr. Conger.]
Mr. CONGER. I offer tho following reso-
lutions, and call the previous question on them:
Itewlved, (as the opinion of this House,) That tlio
policy of this ttorornmcnl adopted in 1821, andsinco
tlu>t. time imi^uod, of aiding by suitablp appropria-
tions tho improvement' of tho harbors and' rivers of
tho United Sta tes, has been of great advantage to tho
agricultural, manufacturing, and commercial inter-
ests by promoting the settlement and wealth of tho
country, furnishing cheaper transportation to its
immigrationandpruductions, cquahzingthc advan-
tages of locality and tho rewards of industry, and
should bo adhered to as tho truo national policy.
Itesolved, That in tho present financial condition
of tho country in pursuing this system it is tho duty
of Congress to make at this tiifie only such appro-
priations as are necessary, either
first. To presorve and keep in repair tho public
works already completed and thoso in process of
construction; or
Second. To prosecute or complete such works as by
reasonable expenditure wilt add greatly to the facili-
ties of comincrcoand eheiipcn transportation, or are
neccssavy as harbors of refuge; or
Third. To continue work upon such improvements
of ageneral character or of'sijocialimportaneo requir-
ing a long period for their constvuctionor an entire
appropriation for their completion as will suffer
materially from postponement or suspension ; and
I'aurth. That other public works of a general or
local nature should yield to the necessities of tho
titnos and await their completion until the reduced
indebtedness and taxation pf the people will warrant
a moro liberal expenditure for works of publio'im-
provomont.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. CONGER. 1 would like to have the
yeas and nays on the adoption of the resolu-
tiq ns.
Several Members. Nq, no.
Mr. SCHENCK. I yielded with the under-
stan<}ing that the resolutions would qot pause
delay.
Mr. CONGER. Very well; I will not call
tho yeas and nays.
Mr. MeGIlEW". I object to tho resolutions
and eall for the regular order.
J ho SPEAKER. The objection Gomes too
late.
Tho resolutions wore agreed to.
Mr. CONGER moved to reconsider tho vote
by which the resolutions were adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message front the Senate, by Mr. Hasilix,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
