1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
149
has been found necessary in Great Britain on
account of the cupidity or pressing want of
the parents; and here suchalawin some States,
may become expedient for another reason, that,
our foreign population, and probably some of
our native-born citizens, are not yet sufficiently
awake to the advantages of education, and may,
therefore, be willing "to forego the schooling
of their children for the profits of their labor.
Laws for the prevention of intemperance can
be justified, as only extremists will contend,
that the man who "labors all day for a quart
of whisky to get drunk upon" is not a crimi-
nal to be restrained by law. The temptation
arising from the natural appetite of men, led
on by habit, cannot always be individually
resisted, and may require the restraining force
of law; but there is no such overwhelming
temptation to excessive labor among intelli-
gent freemen, and we need no laws to inter-
dict such men from earning the most they can.
Even if the eight-hour rule could be univer-
sally adopted by all those who give employ-
ment to others, if such employment under such
a rule did not altogether cease, it would soon
prove nugatory by being almost as universally
evaded, perhaps in the same mode by which
the late Democratic Governor of Connecticut
is said to have'so wisely escaped from his own
prescription; that is, by employing men to
work by the piece instead of by the day, or so
much for each little part of the celebrated
manufactures of Samuel Slick, esq. In all
branches of business admitting of such a divis-
ion of labor, piece-work is the common prac-
tice now, and it is generally found to be eco-
nomical as well as satisfactory to all parties.
Perhaps notenoughisalways paid for each piece
of work, but the principle seems to be wholly
unobjectionable. Men puddle iron by the ton,
weave carpets by the yard, forge knife-blades
by the dozen, make- Shoes and boots by the
pair, and in fact work by the day, in many
branches of industry, is nearly obsolete. Piece-
work affords opportunity for experts, and for
all skilled and nimble workmen, to obtain pay
in proportion to their merit, not according to
the number of hours worried through. They
are not all .tied down to one scale, including
ihe dull, weak, and the most inferior workmen
at the same price.
The Anabaptists once taught the principle
of the community of goods, but the doctrine did
not prove infectious. The eight-hour rule,
whatever else it may "be, is a community of
labor, and only less objectionable than a com-
munity of goods. The Chinese, of whom much
in the way of economy may yet be learned, do
not hire tea-gatherers by the day, but by the
quantity of leaves they bring in to their em-
ployers, and the old and the young, the strong
and the feeble, men, women, and children, are
thus all engaged, and comparatively upon an
exact equality.
The eight-hour law is sometimes supported
by the argument that the workingmen require
the two hours of additional leisure for educa-
tional and moral culture. This may be at once
admitted, but it will then by no means follow
that the culture will be thus secured, and it is
not difficult to show that it will not be. Except
among trained students, thongh men are never
too old to learn, it is to be more than suspected
there is little scholastic culture acquired by
those who have passed their majority and en-
tered upon the active duties of life, and moral
culture as well as religious finds its noblest
opportunity in youth, and after that its best
teachings on the Sabbath, a day of Christian
rest. A full day, a week or month at a time,
exclusively devoted to study, by such as have
the will, in addition to means and time, will be
found of far more value thsn the scraps of time
found on the edge of weary labor. To have
anything done well it must always be one thing
at a time. Mathematics in "broken doses"
will confer few benefits.
The great body of the laboring classes, which
embraces five sixths of all our people, are too
sagacious not to know that a deduction of two
hours from their present average time of labor
is to waste one fifth of life. The selvage of
the day thus cut off on either side, in the fore
or after part of the day, or a strip snatehed
from the middle at sultry noon, cannot be
utilized. It will not be devoted to labor of
any sort, nor to travel, nor to study and read-
ing, or mental culture of any kind, but it will
be lost in indolence and recreation, waste and
gossip, harmless or otherwise, with greatly in-
creased temptation to prodigality and dissipa-
tion. Frivolity will dominate over frugality.
Billiard-rooms, base-ball clubs, and groceries
will be furnished with new recruits. Lucifer
will grin with delight at the prospect of fresh
battalions of loungers entering his service.
Gaining ho sound culture for adults, it is sad
to contemplate at the same time the loss of the
means by which the culture of children might
have been assured. The moral culture to be
obtained in a majority of instances ^11 not be
likely to be a cause of rejoicing, but of grief.
Surely it will be vain to expect any notable
"sweetening the breath of society."
Some physical sports as occasional relaxa-
tions are not to be condemned as either wicked
or vulgar, and may be useful to those who lead
a sedentary life; but when they recur daily and
are a fixed and constant occupation, espe-
cially of those whose business is not without
an abundance of manly exercise, they become
dangerous, and their tendency is to brutalize
rather than make humanity pure and noble.
Sober-thinking men know full well that they
cannot be benefited by being taught idleness,
whether brief or prolonged. They do not want
nothing to do so much as something more in
the pocket. The surest way, if not the only
way, to benefit them is to start them in life
with a sound education, that which will then
cling to them forever, and to teach them proper
economy in the saving of wages as well as how
they may be best expended. Late in life, with-
out previous habits of study, brain culture is apt
to be a slow process and yields an ungrateful
return.
It is sad to think how infinitely small are the
benefits which can be conferred upon the labor-
ing man by even the wisest and most philan-
thropic legislation. In our country we have
already achieved the most substantial part of
what can be done in this direction. Our unex-
ampled good fortune, in addition to the bless-
ings of a free government which gives unlimited
scope to political and social ambition, places
within our reach an abundance of cheap land,
furnishing a cheap subsistence, but this vast
possession will in the progress of years, with
our liberal policy of throwing free homesteads
broadcast into the laps of all the landless, be
all occupied and exhausted. A diversified
industry Will, however, tend to postpone this
exhaustion. Labor-saving instruments, alarge
proportion of them the fruit of American
genius, have greatly multiplied the force and
ameliorated the condition of' the industrial
masses, and both men and women find it an
easier task now to feed and clothe themselves
than formerly. These instruments and the
improved processes of the arts will no doubt be
still further augmented and advanced, but civ-
ilization advances so rapidly that increased
wants keep pace with increased means. Habit
soon transmutes comforts, and even luxuries,
into necessaries of life. These advantages give
to^ all the option of more personal leisure or
of a more generous provision for the physical
and mental welfare of themselves and their
families. Which is best?
It is through the fiat or rather the beneficence
of the Almighty that bread is only to be earned
by the sweat of the brow, and instead of a
curse it is only a truism to say that labor is
undoubtedly a supreme blessing. It may be
too much and it may be too little. That men
and women have labored and do now labor
in many countries for inadequate wages, and
also labor too many hours, is lamentably true,
but in our own country the general fact is
otherwise, because a livelihood can already be
here obtained with a less expenditure of vital
force. Three or four days in a week obtains
as large compensation as six will do abroad,
whether measured in wheat, cloth, or money,
and here no women are compelled to bronze
their faces or blister their hands by labor in
the field. More work is done here in propor-
tion to our numbers, because the inducements
are greater and there are fewer drones, though
even here there may be too many.
All our people in the spring and summer of
life are seeking independence and expecting
that their autumnal days will be their best, or
days of dignity and rest, enjoyment and re-
spectability ; but even where competence is
secured Americans do not usually retire early
from work or business, but uniting with their
juniors they still continue in agriculture, trade,
or the professions, and die in harness. Those
who merely " follow the occupation of owning
property" are few in numbers and not infre-
quently contemptible in influence. Their
mental sluggishness is too frequently only less
conspicuous than their physical torpor.
The laboring men of this country are high-
toned and independent, and minding their own
business they cower in no presence.
"Seest thou a man diligent in his business?
lie shall stand before kings; he shall not stand
before mean men."
Americans have no veneration for mere
wealth. " Bach man," to quote the words of
Ruskin,11 says, by posture and epithet,41 am as
good as you.''' Capital is here acquired easily
and is spent freely. Even its owners show it
very little reverence. Laboring men work no
more days or hours than they want pay for,
and the great majority get it. They live most
frequently on their own land, dwell in their
own homes, hold deposits in savings-banks,
subscribe to newspapers and magazines, travel
on railroads, send their children to school, do
their own voting and their own thinking, and
iti clean apparel attend church on the holy
Sabbath. Masters of all the primary elements
of good living, they also are not strangers to
many of the luxuries of life, one of which is
freedom to make their own bargains. They
will thank no one for a legislative permit to
work more or less. To maintain their positions
in life and enjoy its conveniences and com-
forts they know requires work, and they are
willing to work for its full compensations. In
proportion to the" ample field labor here is not
abundant, and is relatively dear; especially
skilled labor is dear. No wave of emigration
which rolls in from the Atlantic creates any
flood, but each one is at once absorbed by the
great West, and_ leaves very little drift on the
shores. There is no army, not even a squad,
of professional paupers. The winter season
does not find men, women, and children starv-
ing for want of employment, and public work-
houses are rarely known except by the image
reflected of examples found elsewhere. We
have no annual '' hiring fairs," as in England,
where men and women, boys and girls, gather
to be hired for only six mouths at from twenty
to fifty-five dollars, and for the pick among
able-bodied men at seventy dollars. What
wo-uld Americans think of the civilization
which tolerates such scenesas recently occurred
at Kendal, "the like of which," a London
paper says, "goes on in very many British
towns besides pretty little Kendal?"
A brief extract from an account of one of
these fairs by a London paper, copied by the
New York Evening Post, is worth being ex-
hibited as a specimen of a human cattle-market
in England:
"The market opens, and these young men and
women, for all the world like a huge drove of north
country stock, lump themselves together to bo
looked ;i(. By no bashfulness does thn buyer or the
seller spoil his chance. A Durham ox could not
stand more composedly over its handful of hay while
tho grazier pinohes its aitoh-bone and depreciates
its short ribs than the apple-cheeked Westmore-
land maiden awaits inspection while she cracks her
