1870.
THB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3349
•nd par the claim of Robert T. Kirkpatriefe, &
loyal citizen of Tennessee, reported it 'without
amendment,
Mr. SPRAGUE, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. "94) for the relief of H. Lawrence Scott,
late agent for the sale of internal revenue
stamps in the thirteenth district of Pennsyl-
vania, reported it without amendment.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Charles
and Henry W. Spencer, of St. Louis, Missouri,
praying relief for an alleged illegal seizure of
their boat "0. K." at Madrid, Missouri, to-
gether with the cargo of the boat, submitted a
report thereon, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
906) for the relief ot Charles Spencer and
Henry W. Spencer. The bill was read and
passed to the second reading, and the report
was ordered to be printed.
bills introduced.
Mr. CONKLING aslced, and by unauimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
Xo. 907) to aid in establishing and developing
commercial intercourse and provide for carry-
ing the mails between the United States and
the countries lying on the west coast of South
America; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. CONKLING. That is a bill the found-
ation of which is mail service. I move that it
be printed and referred to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. SOS) to grant lands to the Alabama and j
Tennessee Railroad Company; which was read
by its title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HAMLIN asked, and byunanimous con- '
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
909) for the relief of Albert Tracy; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Patents, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HAMLIN. In the same connection I
desire to present an amendment which I shall
propose to that bill, and which I move be re-
ferred to the same committee, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. THAYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 910) for the relief of John E. Wheeler;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
artificial limbs to soldiers j
Mr. WILSON. I ask the unanimous con- j
sent of the Senate to take up House bill No.
785, to provide for furnishing artificial limbs to ■
disabled soldiers.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there are no
Senate resolutions—there appear to be none— i
the Senator from Massachusetts asks the unani- j
moos consent of the Senate to proceed to the '
consideration of the bill mentioned by him. j
Is there objection ? i
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it be reported at ;
length for information, in order that we may |
see how it stands. • It will save reading in com- j
mittee. |
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be re- j
ported, subject to objection. ;
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let the bill be reported ,
as it will stand if amended as proposed by the j
Committee on Military Affairs. I
The Secretary. The Committee on Mili- !
lary Affairs report in favor of striking out all l
of the bill except the first clause, in the follow- i
mg words: I
Ihat every soldier who was disabled during the '
late war for the suppression of the rebellion, and
was fnrnished by the War Department with an
e.f j ''mk or apparatus for resection, shall be
ift *° rece'>'e a new limb or apparatus as soon
iI m ? Passage of this act as the same can be prac-
ticably furnished, and at the expiration of every fivo
years thereafter, under such regulations as may be
prescribed by the Surgeon General of the Army.
Mr. WILSON. The other sections of ihe
bill have been stricken oat by the committee,
and the bill now presents the simple question
of furnishing these artificial limbs to disabled
soldiers. I hope it will be put upon its passage.
Byunanimousconsent,the Senate,as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the amendment reported by the com-
mittee will be regarded as agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. It
was ordered that the amendment be engrossed
and the bill read a third time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed.
order of business.
Mr. President 
I call for the regular
I should like to pass a
What is it about?
It is House joint resolu-
Mr. STEWART.
. Mr. EDMUNDS.
order.
Mr. STEWART.
bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS.
Mr. STEWART.
tion No. 86.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nevada asks unanimous consent that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House joint
resolution No. 86.
Mr. STEWART. It is in regard to con-
firming a grant to the Southern Pacific Rail-
road Company.
Mr. CASSERLY. I object.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us have the regular
order.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to appeal to
the Senate for unanimous consent to take up
the House bill granting a pension to Mrs. Lin-
coln. Let us have a vote upon that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us have the regular
order, Mr. President.
The VICE PRESIDENT, The Senator from
Vermont insists on the regular order.
Mr. SUMNER, Does the Senator from
Vermont propose to object to considering this
House bill?
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from Ver-
mont does exactly what he says, insists on the
regular order.
Mr. SPENCER. I ask unanimous consent
to have a bill taken up and read for information.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us have the regular
order.
O. B. HART.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont insists on the regular order, which
is now on the Calendar ot resolutions. The
only resolution pending is a resolution reported
favorably by the Committee to Audit and Con-
trol the Contingent Expenses of the Senate.
The Secretary will report it.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate bo
directed to pay, out of the contingent fund of the
Senate, to O. B.Hart, claimant of a seat in the Senate
from the State of Florida, the usual mileage of a
Senator and the monthly pay from the date of pre-
senting his credentials until the passage of the reso-
lution declaring him not entitled to 4 seat.
Mr. STEWART. • I move that that be passed
over.
Mr. HOWE. Why shall we not act on it ?
Let us just tak^s the vote.
Mr. STEWART, Very well; I withdraw the
motion:
Mr. McDONALD. I desire that an order
be made to allow the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue to withdraw & report, in order to make
a verbal correction.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A, demand for
the regular order has been made, which pre-
cludes that at present. The Senator must
withhold his motion until some other time.
The Senator from Vermont insists on the reg-
ular order, and the question is on agreeing to
the resolution reported by the Committee to
Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses of
the Senate, relativeto making a certain payment
to O. B. Hart.
The resolution was agreed to.
WITHDRAWAL OF EXKCOTIVB COMMUNICATION.
Mr. STEWART. I now move to take tip
House joint resolution No. 86.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The legislative,
executive, and judicial appropriation bill is
now before the Senate, the morning business
having been concluded, and the Senator from
Nevada moves 
Mr. STEWART. To pass that over for the
present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada moves to postpone the present
and all other orders for the purpose of consid-
ering the bill indicated by him.
Several Senators. What is it?
Mr. McDONALD. Will the Senator from
Nevada yield to me for a moment?
Mr. STEWART. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. McDONALD. I send to the desk a
letter to be read.
The Secretary read as follows:
Treasury Department,
Office of Internal Revenue,
W ashington, May 10,1870.
Sir; I have the honor to request tho Senate to
return to this office for a few verbal corrections tha
report of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
dated March 25,1870, in response to Senateresolution
of March 11,1870, calling for information relative to
tho Tice spirit-meter.
J. W. DOUGLASS,
Acting Gowmusioner of Internal Revenue.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the request of the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue vjill be granted. It is so
ordered.
southern pacific railroad.
Mr. STEWART. . I renew my motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nevada moves to pass over the present and
all other orders for the purpose of considering
House joint resolution No. 86, in regard to the
suspension of the sale of certain lands in Cali-
fornia.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let that be read for
information.
Mr. STEWART. Let the substitute of the
committee be reported.
The Chief Clerk read the substitute reported
by the Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Nevada.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
not debatable except by unanimous consent.
The joint resolution is not before the Senate.
The motion is simply to take it up.
Mr. CASSERLY. I hope it will not be
taken up at this time.
Mr. STEWART. I hope it will.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of
the Senator from Nevada is to pass over the
present and all other orders for the purpose
of considering this joint resolution.
The motion was agreed to, there being, on a
division—ayes 22, noes 15; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution (H. R. No- 86) in
regard to the suspension of the sale of certain
lands in California, the question being on the
amendment reported by the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, which was to strike out all of
the original resolution after the resolving clause
and to insert in lieu thereof the following;
That the Southern Pacific Railroad Company of
California shall construct its road and telegraph line,
as near as may be, on the routeindicated by the map
filed by said company in the Department of the In-
terior on the 3d day of January, 1867; and won the
construction of each section of soidroad, in theman-
ner and within the time provided bylaw, and notico
thereof beinggiven by the company to the Secretary
of tho Interior, ho shall direct an examination of
each such section by commissioners to be appointed
by the President, as provided in the act makinga
grant of land to said company, approved July 27.
1866, and upon the report of the commissioners to tho
Secretary of the Interior that such section- of said
railroad and. telegraph line bas been constructed as
required by law, it shall be the duty of the said Sec-
retary of the Interior to cause patents to be issued to
said company for the sections of land conterminous to
each constructed section reported on as aforesaid, to
the extent a.nd amount granted to said company by
the said aet of July 27,1866.
