1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1461
charges against judge busteed. !
Mr. BINGHAM, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, who were directed to continue the
instigation made in the Fortieth Congress of
the charges against the official character and
conduct ot' liichard Busteed, district judge of
;he I'nited States for the district of Alabama,
reported that there is not sufficient evidence
iu support of tiie charges and specifications
retorted to them by the House, upon which to
impeach the said Richard Busteed, district
juiice of the United States for the district of
Alabama, and they recommend that the com-
mittee be discharged from the further consid-
er;!! ion of the subject, and that the same be
laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to; and it was
ordered accordingly.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report was agreed to ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ilr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to say that the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] and
myself do not agree in the report of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ask leave to sub- ,
rnit. a minority report upon the subject.
Mr. BUTLEIl, of Massachusetts. I object.
mechanical report.
Mr. CAKE, from the Committee on Print-
ing. reported back, with a recommendation
that the same be concurred in, the following
concurrent resolution :
Ilaolvcd by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That there be printed four thou-
t-.md extra copies of the annual report of the Com-
laissiouer of Patents for 1869 for the usoofthe Senate,
te ii thousand extra copies of the same for the use
of the House, and five thousand extra copies of
the same for distribution by the Commissioner of
Patents.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask whether
this publication will include all the cuts and
drawings?
Mr. CAKE. Yes, sir.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Has not some
arrangement been perfected by the Committee
on Patents—I know it has been talked of—
to avoid the necessity of lithographing and
printing these numerous drawings relating
to patents ?
Mr. CAKE. The committee are endeavor-
ing to perfect an arrangement to reduce the
expense in that particular ; but the major part
of the expense for this report has already been
incurred.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. This is a past
matter'!
Mr. CAKE. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAWES. As I objected the other day
to the introduction of this resolution, I desire
to say that I have since examined the subject,
and I find that the matter is already in type.
Mr. LAFLIN. This resolution refers, as
will be observed, to the Patent Office report
for 1869, and the contract for the illustrations
accompanying that report has already been
made. In order to comply with that contract
it is necessary that the number to be printed
should be known. The arrangement referred
to by my friend from Ohio would apply, if the
Committee on Printing should be indorsed by
the House to the report of 1870.
Mr. CAKE. I demand tho previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. CAKE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
u Mr. DAWES submitted the following res-
olution :
Resolved, That the rulea be so suspended that it
wul be in order At any time tft clflse debate Oft any
portion of the appropriation bill No. 974, now in
Committee of tho Whole, and to move in committee
the following as additional sections:
sko. —. .Ami he it further enacted. That all acts
and parts of acts, and joint resolutions and parts
thereof, making appropriations for an unlimited
period, and in which no amount is named, knoivn as
"indetinito appropriations," and all acts and joint
resolutions, or parts thereof, and all resolutions of
either House of Congress granting extra or addi-
tional compensation or pay, be, and the same are
hereby, repealed, to take effect at tho close of the 1
present fiscal year.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted. That whenever
any moneys appropriated for the use of any Depart-
ment or bureau, or for any purpose, shall remain
unexpended for one year after the expiration of the
fiscal year in which tho act appropriating the same
shall havo been passed, it shall be tho duty of the
person having in charge the disbursement of said
appropriation to inform cbeSecretary of the Treasury
of the fact; and the Secretary of the Treasury shall
thereupon immediately cause said unexpended bal-
ance of appropriation to be covered into the Treasury
to thecreditofthcsurplusfund, unlessitbeinsaidact
of appropriation otherwise provided; and all such
sums shall be covered into and restored to tho Treas-
ury, whether they shall stand to tho credit of any
bureau in the proper books of the Treasurer of the
United States, or have been placed to any other ac-
count, or are under the control of any officer or agent
of any Department,
Mr. HOLMAN. Is not this proposition
divisible? ;
The SPEAKER. It is not. The question I
is on suspending the rules. i
Mr. MAYNARD. Is it the purpose of this
resolution to terminate the debate on the bill?
Mr. DAWES. No, sir; we simply want
authority to terminate debate from time to time
on different part3 of the bill as may be neces-
sary. Under the rules debate can be term-
inated on one paragraph only at a time, unless
there be unanimous consent. I would not
undertake to close debate on the whole bill;
and any proposition which I may submit for
closing debate will, of course, be determined by
the vote of the majority. As to the two new
sections incorporated iu the resolution, all I
now desire is authority to offer them in the
Committee of the Whole. If they should not
meet the approval of the majority of the House
they will not, of course, be adopted.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust the gentleman from
Massachusetts will allow a separate vote on
the first proposition.
■ i Mr. DAWES. I have no objection to that;
|i but I do not see why the gentleman should
ji object to my offering it.
:j Mr. HOLMAN. I do not object to that;
but I think a separate vote should be taken.
Mr. DAWES. Under the rules we are in
closing debate restricted to single paragraphs.
I desire to enlarge that privilege. I f 1 under-
! take to cover too much ground the House will,
of course, negative the proposition. My only
desire is to press the bill as fast as can be
d«ie consistently with its proper consideration.
Mr. SCOFIELD. As 1 understand, the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] wants
only authority to close debate in the House
upon such portions of the bill as the majority
shall desire; and as to the additional sections,
be only asks permission to offer them as amend-
.i ments in Committee of the Whole, as they
, would not be in order under the rules.
Mr. DAWES. That is all.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I objecttothe
first part of the resolution.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
, 111, noes 18.
So (two thirds voting in the affirmative) the
resolution was adopted.
leavb to record votes.
Mr. WOOD. I ask unanimous consent to
record my vote on the resolution to increase
the currency.
The SPEAKER. That cannot be done by
■' unanimous consent, but only by a motion to
suspend the rules.
Mr. WOOD. I move to suspend the rules
for that purpose.
I; Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I ask to be
i. included in the same motion.
; The rules were suspended for the purpose
ii iildic&tfed.
Mr. WOOD. I vote in the affirmative.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I also vole
in the affirmative.
united states bonds.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask unanimous con-
; sent to submit the following resolution :
Jlcnolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed to inform this J[ou-o wlnit
amount of the outstanding bonds of the United Slates
are payable in coin and what amount are payable in
tho lawful money of the United States, according to
the provisions of tho acts of Congicss under ivkicli
said bonds were respectively issued.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object to that; it is in
every monthly report.
pay of attorneys, etc.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE, by unanimous con-
sent, from the Committee on the Judiciary,
reported back House bill No. 1247, to regulate
the pay of attorneys, solicitors, and proctors,
and of clerks in the circuit and district courts
of the United States; which was ordered to be
printed, and recommitted.
aihiaiiam tuvvlbmire.
Mr. FERRY, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
j read, considered, and agreed to:
j Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions
are hereby instructed to examine into the claim of
, Abraham Tufflemire for a pension, and tor which
purpose they are authorized to send for the papers
in the case tiled in tho Pension Oliice, and to report
by bill or otherwise.
grant of lands to ohio.
Mr. WINANS, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1820) to grant lands
to the State of Ohio to aid in the construction
of certain railroads therein ; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on the Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. COX moved to reconsider all the votes
of reference; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
removal of political disabilities.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am,
Mr. Speaker, instructed by the Committee on
Reconstruction to report back Senate bill No.
436, to relieve certain persons therefti named
from legal and political disabilities imposed
by the fourteenth amendment to the Constitu-
tion of the United States, and for other pur-
poses, and to move that it be put on its passage.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to ask leave to
submit an amendment to that bill when amend-
ments are in order.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I wish,
Mr. Speaker, to state exactly what this propo-
sition is, and the public exigency calling for
its passage. This Senate bill contains a large
number of names, between four and five hun-
dred, from various parts of the United States.
They have all been examined at much length
and with great care by the Senate committee.
Quite a large number of them have already
passed the House, but failed to pass the Sen-
ate ; and some which have passed the Senate,
but failed to pass the House. There is a num-
ber from Mississippi; and if this bill be not
passed the parties will be wholly disqualified,
because within one week after the Mississippi
bill becomes the law unless they have their
political disabilities removed they will have
to give way to others. It is of the last import-
ance that we should pass this bill. I know
gentlemen object to certain names of the bill.
1 do not like to say nay to those gentlemen,
and I desire to put myself in the hands of the
House on that question ; and therefore I pro-
pose to admit all amendments to strike out
names, but not to add any new ones.
Mr. BECK. Will the gentleman yield to me
; to ask a question?
f mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I yield to
the gentleman.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I rise to a
question of order. Does the gentleman from
MaMiiehuS&tts contemplate arty clfebfttfe 6ti the
