1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2405
liad adopted fcBe i'epoH of the "Vice President
of the United States &£td Presidfetit of the Sen-
ate* and the Speaker of,the House of Repre-
sentatives relative to making "such Arrange-
ments in connection "yvith the fcb^equles of
Major General George H. Th6m£ts as will attest
the syinfatHy of Cong^e^s St the national be-
reavement."
CONDITION OS* AFFAIRS IN VIK&INXA.
Mr. PORTER asked unanimous consent to
submit the following preamble and resolution
for consideration afc this time:
Whereas tho orders and decrees of the United
States circuit court for Virginia are sought to bo
nullified by thy counter orders of fclae State courts,
and are forcibly resisted by certain pretended ftnd
usurping persons, ^bo Have by force taken posses-
sion of the municipal offices in Richmond, under a
Stato law which has been decided by the said cir-
cuit court to be in conflict with the constitution of
Virginia; and whereas the Governor, Legislature,
and the judiciary havo entered into the conspiracy
to destroy the constitution of the State, and to
contemptuously deny and forcibly resist the execu-
tion of theorders of the said United States cireiiit
court: Thereforo.
Be it resolved, That the Committee on "Reconstruc-
tion bo, and arehereby, instructed to inquire into tho
foregoing, and to report whatlegislation is necessary
to put down the rebellion and to maintain tho au-
thority of the national Government in tho State of
Virginia.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I object.
Mr. POINTER. Then I move a suspension
of the rules, for the purpose of receiving and
passing this pfe'amble and resolution.
Mr. RANDALL. Oil that Motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. SCHENCK. I Sim willing to allow the
motion to suspend the rules to be decided if it
can be done.Without calling the yeas and nays.
Mr. RANDALL. I shall insistUpon the yeas
and nays.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not wish to yield if
the yeas and nays are to be taken,
Tho SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot
yield upon conditions if objection be ttiade.
• Mr. BROOKS, Of New York. I Call for the
regular order.
Mr. SCHENCK. Very well. I will yield to
tho gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Poster,] as
to-day is the only day this Week when the rules
can be suspended.
Mr. BROOKS, of Hew York. Is it in order
to move tllat the House now adjourn ?
The SPEAKER. That tnotion is in order.
Does the gentleman make that motioh?
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. If Wa are to
waste our time over such things as this We may
as well adjourn.
Mr. WOOD. I desire to make a"parliament-
ary inquiry.
The SPEAKER. Tho Chair will hear it.
Mr. WOOD. If the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Schenck,] the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, now yields the
floor, can lie resufno it again at pleasure ?
The SPEAKER. That will bo in the dis-
cretion of the Chair.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Another
inquiry.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state it.
Mr. BROOKS^ of New York. Has tho gen-
tleman, from Ohio [Mr. SoHexck] a parlia-
mentary claim to the floor at any time during
the rest of to-day ?
Mr. SCHENCK. As Monday is the only
day in the week when a motion to suspend the
rules can bo made, I feel it would be mote
churlish in me upon this occasion thai! upon
any other to refuse to yield. I hope, however,
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Pokier] will
modify his resolution so that it will read * * it is
alleged " sb and so.
Mr. PORTER. I will modify my resolu-
tion in accordance with the suggestion of the
gentleman.
Mr. WOOD. I still object to the resolution
as an improper one.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I move that
the House now adjourn, and upon that motion
I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was upon the motion to adjourn.
Mr. SCHENCK. I must appeal to the gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Porter] to with-
draw his resolution, as he must see that it will
lead to the consumption of a great deal of time.
Mr. PORTER. Very well; under the cir-
cumstances I will withdraw my motion to sus-
peSd the rules.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I also_ with-
draw my motion that the Hduse rioW adjourh.
DEAT1!! CfP MAJOR GENERA! TtlOllAg.
The SPEAKER, by unaniihous consent, l^id
before the House the following :
WasiiiMton, Apl-il 4,1870.
To the Senate dnd House of Rejircmitdtives :
The undersigned, who vr ere directed by a j oint reso-
lution passed by Congress to make such arrangements
in connection -frith the obsequies of Major General
G-edrge II. Thomas as will attest the sympathy of
Congress at the national bereavement, respeettully
report tho following for your approval:
First. A meeting in tho Hall of tho House of Rep-
resentatives on Tuesday evening. April 5, .it oight
o'oloek, to bo presided over by General J.D. Cox,
Secretary of tho Interior, and to be underthosupor-
visionof thecommitteeof arrangements appointed by
the officers who served with Major General Thomas;
the Senators and Representatives to attend said
meeting.
Second, A joint committee of thirteen, to bo com-
posed of six Senators and seven Representatives, to
attend the f'Unoral of General Thomas as representa-
tives of tho Congress of tho United States. ^
SCIltJYLER COLFAX,
Vice President and President of the Senate;
J. G. BLAINE,
Speaker of the House of IlepresentaiiveDt
The SPEAKER. The message communi-
cating the action of the Senate on this subject
will be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Ix Senate op the Uxttko Statssi
Aprii 4, ]8ViJ.
Resolved, That tho Senate approve and adopt the
foregoing report of the Vice President of tho United
States and President of tho Senate antl the Speaker
of the House of Representatives, relative to mailing
"sueh arrangements in connection with theobsequies
of MajorGeneral Georgell. Thomas as Will attest thd
sympathy of Congress at thenational bereavement/"
Attftet •
GEOttGE C. G0KHAM, Secretary.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the House
concur with the Senate in adopting the report.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER announced the appointment
of the following-named gentlemen to consti-
tute tho Committee in pursuance of the report
just adopted: ,
John A. Logan, of Illinois; Jambs A. Gar-
field, of Ohio; Natiianiel P. Banks, of Mas-
sachusetts ; Henry W. Slocum, of New York;
Cad'walader. C. Washburn, of Wisconsin i
Samuel J. Randall, of Pennsylvania; and
William B. Stokes, of Tennessee.
evening sessions.
Mf. SCHENCK. Before making the motion
that the House resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole on the special order I wish to say
Ahat I had intended, under the instructions of
the Committee of Ways and Means, to propose
that the House order evening sessions for Tues-
day, Wednesday, arid Thursday of this week.
In view of the action of the House appropri-
ating Tuesday evenin" to another purpose, I
shall ask evening sessions for Wednesday and
Thursday only. I do not ask a session this
evening, because I find that members of the
Committee of Ways and Means liave official
engagements which will prevent their attend-
ance.
message 1'roii the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had concurred in the amendment of the House
to the bill (S. No. 45) authorizing the corpora-
tion of the city of Washington to set apart por-
tions of streets and avenues as parks for trees
and walks.
loss oi' the oneida.
The SPEAKER, by Unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Navy, in answer to a resolu-
tion of the House of Representatives, adopted
March 2, 1870, calling for information teiat-
ing to the loss of the Uhited States steamer
Oneida.
Mr. BURR. Mr. Speaker, as this commu-
nication is in ftiisW&r to a resolution offered by
me, I ttiove that it be printed and referred to
the Comftiittee on Foreign Affairs; aiid I ex-
press the hope that in case tlie facts as reported
confirm the current rumors as to the conduct
of the commander of the Bombay, the com-
mittee will report for consideration guch meas-
ures as will vindicate our right of way upon
the high seas, and, in adequate manner, do jus-
tice to the meinory of the gallant commander
arid crew of the lost Oneida.
The motion of Mr. Burnt was agreed to;
and the communication was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
safew op passengers on' vessels.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of State, in compliance with tho
act of Congress of March 3, 1855, regulating
the carriage of passengers on steamships and
other vessels; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
letter-carrier system.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Postmaster General, iri answer to a reso-
lution of the HoUse adopted March 21, 1870,
instructing him to inform the House at his
earliest convenience: 1. The names of all cities
or towns where the letter-carrier system has
been established in the United States. 2. The
annual cost at each of the several places where
established, or for the time ithasbeei^in oper-
ation, if less than a year. 3. The entire annual
cost of the letter-carrier system to the Govern-
ment. -1. The entire net cost to the Govern-
ment over incomes at the several offices where
established, annually and for the month of
January, 1870. 5. The savings, if any, to the
Department over tho delivery system- 0- The
losses, including box rents, carriers' sacks,
salaries, &c. j which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office And Post Roads,
and ordered to be printed.
pacific railroad coiu'any.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before tho House a communication
from the Secretary of the Treasury, in answer
to a resolution of the House adopted March
28, 1870, requesting him to inform this House
whether the Pacific Railroad Company, or any
of its branches, have paid into_the Treasury
the interest due upon the bonds issued to them
by the Government to aid in the construction
of said road and branches, as required by their
charter ; if so, the amount each has paid, and
the amounts still remaining due from each;
and whether any steps liave been taken, and
if so, what, to collect said interest; which was
referfed to the Coimnittee of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed,
elecflon contest hinds vs. siierrod.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
papers in the contested-election case of Hinds
vs. Sherrod, from the sixth district of Ala-
bama ; which were referred to the Committee
of Elections.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. NEGLEY, from the Committee on En^
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled bills of the
following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same: .
An act (H. R. No- 446) to amend an act
entitled "An act for the relief of Alexander!.
Atocha," approved 14th February, 1865; and
An act (H. K. No. 1491) for the relief of
Tobias J. Kifldelberger.
