1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5287
The result was announced—yeas 18, nays
33; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Boreman, Cole,
Corbett, Drake, Edmunds, Fenton, Gilbert, Harlan,
Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Ramsey, Schurz, Scott,
Sherman,Stewart, and Wilson—lo.
NAYS — Messrs. Carpenter, Chandler, Conklmg,
Cragin, Fowler, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton
of Texas, Hamlin, Harris, Howe, Johnston, Kellogg,
McCreery, Morton, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool, Rev-
els, llice, Robertson, Ross, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Spen-
cer, Spraguo,Stockton, Sumner, Thurman, Trumbull,
Viclters, Warner, Willey, and Williams—33.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Brownlow, Buck-
ingham, Cameron, Casserly, Cattell, Davis, Ferry,
Flanagan, Howard, Howell, Lewis, McDonald.Mor-
rill of'Maine. Norton, Osborn, Pratt, Thayer, Tipton,
and Yates—21.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. POMEROY. I now move to amend
the amendment by striking out all the sections
relating to the income tax.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Kansas moves to strike out all the
sections of the bill relating to the income tax.
Mr. SPENCER. On that motion I ask for
the yeas and nays.
- The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. THAYER. I am paired off on this
question with the Senator from Kentucky,
[Mr. Dayis.] If he were here he would vote
••'yea," and I should vote "nay."
Mr. SPRAGUE. I am paired off on this
question with the Senator from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Cajierox.] Otherwise, I should vote
" nay."
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to stale that the
Senator from California [Mr. Casserly] is
paired on this question, I think, with the Sen-
ator from Maine, [Mr. Morrill.] If he were
here he would vote " yea."
The result was announced—yeas 20, nays 20;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Carpenter, Cole, Conk-
ling, Corbett. Fenton, Fowler, Gilbert, Hamilton of
Maryland. Harris, Johnston, Kellogg, McCreery,
McDonald, Pomeroy, Revels, Robertson, Kaulsbury,
Scott, Stewart, Stockton, Sumner, Thurman, f rum
bull. Vickers, and Wilson—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony,Boreman,Chandler, Cra-
gin, Drake, Edmunds, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin,
HarUm, Howe, Howell, Morrill of Vermont, Morton,
Nye, Patterson, Pool, Ramsey, Rice, Ross, Snwver,
Schurz, Sherman, Spencer, Warner, Willey, and Wit-
liaras—26.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Brownlow.Buck-
ingham. Cameron, Casserly, Cattell, Davis, Ferry,
Flanagan, Howard, Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Nor-
ton, Osborn, Pratt, Sprague, Thayer, Tipton, and
Yates—20.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from New York, [Mr. Conkltng.]
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose the amendment
of the Senator from New York will now be
withdrawn.
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, sir ; certainly.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us vote on the bill
now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us have the next
question and finish the bill.
ThePRESIDENTprotempore. Theamend-
ment is withdrawn.
Mr. CONKLING. I rise now to offer an
amendment to which I think there will be no
objection. On page 97, line one hundred and
ninety-eight of section forty-seven, the tariff
section, I move to insert after the word
"tinned" the words "that telegraph wire
shall be subject to a duty of forty per cent, ad
valorem." This is understood by the commit-
tee, and there is no objection to it.
Mr. EDMONDS. How does that affect the
duty ?
Mr. CONKLING. It leaves it as it is.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the object, then?
Mr. CONKLING. Because it is included
inadvertently in the words before, which would
put up the duty, when that is not designed.
Mr. CORBETT. I think the' provision is
right as it stands.
Mr. CONKLING. Well, let us vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Ore-
gon does not understand. The proviso, as it
now stands, increases the duty. It was not
the intention of the committee to increase it
on telegraph wire. This makes it clear, and
leaves telegraph wire under the old law.
Mr. CORBETT. I have a statement in
regard tothismatter. Theexistinglarifflevies
a duty of two cents a pound and fifteen per
cent, ad valorem on "bright, coppered, or
tinned wire," and the Secretary of the Treas-
ury decided, in the case of the Western Union
Telegraph Company, that telegraph wire being
galvanized did not come under the classifi-
cation of either "bright,coppered, ortinned;"
and as there was no other provision he held
that under a strict construction of the law tele-
graph wire should be classified as a manufac-
ture of iron, liable to a duty of only thirty-five
per cent., or about the same duty as is imposed
on iron rods from which this telegraph wire
is made.
Now, Mr. President, with the expectation
that this came under the same provision as
other wire, large manufacturers have estab-
lished themselves, have gone into the manu-
facture of telegraph wire, and when this decis-
ion was made they found that they were losing
money, that they could not compete with for-
eign wire. Foreign wire has been sent in here,
and this now is proposed to break down these
establishments. I hope that the same duty
will be imposed upon telegraph wire as upon
other wire; and I understand that the present
provision in the bill is to make the same tariff
upon telegraph wire as other wire.
There are five or six or seven different man-
ufactories of wire in this country. There is
one at Cleveland, one at Easton, Pennsylva-
nia, one in the city of New York, one in New
Jersey, two iu Massachusetts, and one in Cin-
cinnati.
This is a very important interest, and I wish
to see it protected as others. It was simply a
mistake ; the telegraph wire was regarded as a
manufacture of iron, as it was not particularly
specified. So I hope this amendment will not
bo agreed to. I hope the provision may remain
in as it is in the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
New York.
The question being put, there were—ayes
twenty-seven, noes not counted.
Mr. CORBETT. I call for the yeas and nays.
["No!" "No!"] This is very important.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do hope the Senator
will not call for the yeas and nays now. Sup-
pose it is important, is he not satisfied that it
merely takes time to call the yeas and nays?
If the Senator from Oregon will persist in call-
ing the yeas and nays after amendments are
voted by a large majority I for one will move
an adjournment. What object is to be gained
by calling the yeas and nays?
Mr. CONKLING. The Senate stands three
to one on the question.
Mr. CORBETT. -Here is an amendment,
brought in just at the close, to chango a pro-
vision that has been considered. There was
an omission in the House bill from oversight,
and now it is proposed to strike out the cor-
rection that the Senate has before inserted.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will it help it any to
call for the yeas and nays? Does the Senator
expect to changc the vote of the Senate in that
way?
Mr. CORBETT. I want to know who are
in favor of home manufactures and those who
are opposed to them.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The yeas
and nays are demanded.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope they will not be
given.
Mr. SCOTT. There are some of us perhaps
who desire to get on record and it will take
less time to do it on the yeas and nays than by
making speeches. This is an important inter-
est. 1 have received a dozen letters asking
me to stand by the amendment of the commit-
tee as reported. I do not want to take time,
but I want to go on record.
Mr. TRUMBULL. You have done it by
your remarks.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The call
for the yeas and nays is not sustained. The
Chair will put the question again on the amend-
ment of the Senator from New York.
The amendment was agreed to; there being,
on a division—ayes 30, noes 12.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I am requested to ask the
Senate to strike out, on page 96, lines one
hundred and sixty-one to one hundred and
sixty-three of section forty-seven, this clause:
On wools on the skin, tho same rates as on other
wools, the quantity and value to be ascertained under
such rules as the Secretary of tho Treasury may pre-
scribe.
The whole cause of the depression of tho
woolen manufactures and the low price of wool
is occasioned by the tariff which prohibited the
introduction of certain wools that might have
been or were mixed with other wools produced
in Siiis country. This is in that same direction,
and quite considerable interests are affected
thereby. I trust the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Finance will permit this to go out; it is
a new provision and it is a matter of no very
great consequence to the revenue, but it will
be of consequence to the consumption of wool
in this country. It will add to the price of
wool grown in this country and also to the
manufacture. I trust the Senator will permit
it to be stricken out.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is a very important
amendment at this period, and it is merely to
cure an attempted fraud on the revenue, be-
cause in order to get wool in free of duty they
kill the sheep and bring in the wool ou the
skin. This is merely to levy the same duty
upon such wool a3 would be levied upon it if
it was clipped. That is the only effect.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Rhode Island.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SAWYER. I desire to offer an amend-
ment. There is a clause from page 18, line
four hundred and twenty-three to the five hun-
dred and ninety-fourth line, on page 25 
Mr. SHERMAN. That has all been stricken
out.
Mr. SAWYER. It is the House provision
in reference to lottery managers. I)o I under-
stand that it has been stricken out?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir ; and that amend-
ment has been agreed to in the Senate.
Mr. SAWYER. I wish to make a motion
to reconsider the vote by which it was stricken
out. There are something like nine hundred
and odd lottery offices in the United States——
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
to reconsider is too late, more than two days
having elapsed since the motion to strike out
was concurred in by the Senate.
Mr. STOCKTON. I desire to offer an amend-
ment, on page 91, to strike out the italicized
lines from line forty-five to forty-eight, inclu-
sive, and to insert in lieu of them:
On all sirup of sugar-c me, melada, or conccntratcd
melada, and concentrated molasses, one and a halt
cents per pound. .
On all sugar not above No. i Dutch standard in
color, one and three fourth cents per pound.
Mr. STOCKTON. The object of my amend-
ment is simply to reduce the duty a quarter
per cent, on melada and the sirups of sugar.
I believe this is the first time in any of our
tariff bills that they have been classed with
the lowest grades of sugar. It is an innova-
tion, and I do not know the reason of it. I
think there is a difference ; they come in a dif-
erent form, and I think it will cheapen sugar
to the poor people to take that Quarter percent,
off.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I raise a question ot
order. Is it in order to move to strike out
words that have been already inserted?
The PRESIDENT^; o tempore. The amend-
