2406
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
LEAYIS 01' A1JSENCE.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence
was granted to Mx-. Hefijn for two weeks, on
account of sickuess iu his family.
MAJOtt JOEL W. CLOUDMAH.
On motion of Mr. PETERS, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers in i
the case of Major Joel W. Cloudinan.
LEAV1S Of ABSENCE.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was
granted to Mr. Moitrms for ten days.
JII'.S. llb'UII JUKIUIliAD.
On motion of Mr. POTTER, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the iiles of the House of the papers in the
claim of Mrs. Hugh Birkhead, heir-at-la'w of
Alexander Watson, deceased, for losses during
the Seminole war.
Mr. MUNGEN. I ask unanimous consent
to bo allowed to oiler a resolution and to have
a letter read.
Mr. SCHENCK. I intended to yield to the
gentleman if the regular order had not been
demanded.
Mr. MUNGEN. I do not think there will
be objection.
Mr. McGRE W. I demand the regular order
of business.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 cannot yield, and I insist
on my motion that the rules be suspended, and
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole upon the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Wheeler in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the special order,
being the*"bi! 1 (fr[. H. No. 1008) to amend exist-
ing laws relating to the duty on imports, and
for other purposes.
The pending paragraph was the following:
On all raw or Muscovado sugar, 2 cents por pound.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am directed by the Com-
mittee of Way.-; and Means to move the follow-
ing amendment:
After the word " in.<<-i t the folio ivin^: "ami
on all other su^ar not above No. 12, Dutch standard,
in color."
Mr. Chairman, if gentlemen will permit, me
I will explain. The object of that amendment
is simply this : as the bill now stands it places
a duty of 2 cents per pound upon all raw su-
gars—all raw or Muscovado sugars which have
undergone no secondary process. The com-
mittee propose to extend a little further the
provision so as to include even those sugars
which have been iu any wayclarilied or refined,
provided, in such process of refining or purify-
ing, they have not been carried above a certain
grade. If this amendment prevails all sugar
in its raw condition, no matter how fine or
how coarse, will be admitted at 2 cents per
pound; and in addition to that all sugar which
has undergone any secondary process will be
admitted at 2 cents per pound if thaL process
has not carried it above a certain standard.
Thus it will enlarge the class of sugar to come
in at the lowest rate.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. Is itin order
to move an amendment to that amendment of
the Committee of Ways and Means?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. I move to
strike out "2 cents'' and in lieu thereof to
insert '■ 2.] cents.'' And, Mr. Chairman, I do
that for this reason: when the Committee of
Ways and Means reported this bill I had the
impression the classification of sugars made by
them was incorrect. Those who have had
occasion to look into this question of classifi-
cation will discover 
Mr._ SCHENCK. If the gentleman from
Louisiana will allow me, I would suggest to
him that his ameudmcnt would better come
iti afterward. • It is not an amendment to the
amendment now pending. If mino is adopted
the clause will still be open to amendment
afterward.
Mr, SHELDON, of Louisiana. Then I
withdraw it for th^present.
Mr. Sciiexck's amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. I now move
to amend the bill at line nineteen by striking
out "2" and inserting in lieu thereof " 2J;"
so that the clauso will read, "on all raw ov
Muscovado sugar, 2J cents per pound."
Mr. Chairman, I have givon this question of
the classification of sugars some consideration
since the bill was reported. I have not re-
lied entirely upon my own judgment or tny
own information, bnt have consulted those
gentlemen in the State of Louisiana who raise
sugar, and also gentlemen who import sugar,
and after hearing their views, and after listen-
ing to the very exhaustive speech of the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means the
other day, I have come to the conclusion that
the classification of sugar as reported by the
committee is the best that can be had. But I
think, Mr. Chairman, that it is not right that
this reduction of the tariff upon sugar should
be so great at once. As the law now stands,
the lowest grades of sugar are taxed 8 cents per
pound. The amendment 1 propose will reduce
that duty one half cent. The Committee of
Ways and Means have reduced the tariff upou
tea and coffee only 20 per cent., while they pro-
pose to reduce thetariff upon sugar 33$ percent.
I do not know upon what principle they have
proceeded, inasmuch as both tea and coffee
are entirely foreign products, while sugar is or
will be an extensive home production. In the
State of Louisiana for the two or three years
before the war there was produced more than
half the sugar that was consumed in this coun-
try. This interest was of course prostrated by
the war, and it will be impossible until after
the lapse of a few years to ga back to that old
condition of production. But if we can have
a little protection or a little encouragement for
u, few years I am satisfied that we can produce
as much, nay, as much again, as we did before
the war.
Now, it will be discovered that iu this classi-
fication the committee make 1 cent per pound
difference between raw and Muscovado sugar
and clarified sugar. That is to say, they pro-
pose to pay those persons who change the con-
dition of the raw or Muscovado sugar 1 cent
lier pound. During the year 1869 we imported
1,500,000,000 pounds of brown sugar, giving
the people who convert that so as to make it
fitforconsumption tliol cent a pound, and put-
ting into the pockets of perhaps fifty persons
S15,000,000. I am satisfied that you can find
plenty of men in this country who would take
the contract to change this raw and Muscovado
sugar to clarified for $1,000,000. What I pro-
pose is to add to what is proposed by the com-
mittee half a cent to this class of sugars. It
will not be taken from the consumer; not at
all. You will be giving the benefit of it to the
consumer. You will simply take it. away from
the refiners of the country and add it to the
revenues of the Government. I think the com-
mittee have been too liberal toward that class
of men, although I presume it was not their
intention to be so liberal, and I accept the
statement, of the aide chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means the other day when he
denied having any such intention. As I have
said, you only take this out of the pockets of
the refiners. You do not take it from the con-
sumers or from the Government, but on the
contrary you place money in the Treasury of
the Government and protect the producers of
the country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Chairman, the sugar-
interest is about the only southern interest
which was formerly supposed ever to be much
protected by the tariff. By the act of 1842 the
duty was 2j cents a pound. By subsequent
acts the specific duty was changed to an ad
valorem duty; but still it was a duty which
was recognized as protective. The result was
that the production of sugar was very much
encouraged. And at the beginning of the war,
if my memory serve me right—I have not the
figures before me at this time—the domestic
production of sugar had risen to very nearly
if not quite half the amount imported from
abroad, chieflyfrom the West Indies andSouth
America. The war operated to destroy that
interest, for reasons that are universally un-
derstood, and at the close of the war it came
up as a new interest and stood upon the same
footing as though it bad begun for the first
time. I submit to the gentlemen of the com-
mittee that this is an interest which ought to
be encouraged. The production of raw sugar
in our own country—I allude of course^ prin-
cipally to the production of sugar-cane in the
South, but the principle equally applies to the
production of beet sugar and the production
of orchard sugar, or maple sugar, as it is
called—is an interest that should be tenderly
regarded, and that ought to be favored by the
legislation of Congress. The statement of the
gentleman from Louisiana is well corroborated
by the testimony which comes from that part
of the country, that this industry requires as
much protection now, in the present state of
the growth and production of sugar and in the
present state of the country, as it did in 1842.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to strike out the paragraph as it now
stands, and to insert the amendment of which
I gave notice on Saturday and which has been
printed. But before it is read I desire to
modify it in certain respects.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will inform
the gentleman that that amendment relates t,o
paragraphs which have not yet been reached
Dy the committee. The entire amendment is
not germane to the paragraph under consider-
ation.
Mr. ALLISON. If the Chair will allow me,
I will sajr that the first portion of the amend-
ment which I propose is directly germane,
because it proposes to strike out the pending
paragraph and insert another. Now, I suggest
that we consider the general subject of sugar
as a distinct question. I think there will be
no objection to that.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think we had better
consider the bill clause by clause.
Mr. ALLISON. Then I modify my amend-
ment and move to strike out the pending para-
graph, and to insert in lieu thereof, "on all
sugar not above No. 12, Dutch standard in
color, 2 cents per pound."
Now, Mr. Chairman, my objection is not
particularly to this first provision. The ob-
jection that I make to the pending proposi-
tion is that it changes the classification of
sugars, not in the interest of the consumers,
but in the interest of the refiners. I want to
call the attention of the committee particu-
larly to this point that th'e proposition of the
committee is not entirely in the interest of the
consumers, but will have the effect to give
additional protection to the refiners of sugar
in this country. And I want to call the atten-
tion of the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means to the statement he made to
the committee, in his able speech a day or two
since, that this is objected to by the refiners.
I find that that is not the case at least this
morning, because I am told that if the propo-
sition that I submitted on Saturday shall bo
adopted it will be to the injury of the refiners.
Now, what is that proposition? It is a prop-
osition reducing the duty on all grades of
sugar 1 cent per pound and retaining the
existing classification made by Congress in
18G2, a classification which was made on con-
sultation with the sugar refiners and in their
interest. That classification has stood from
