1462
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
bill? Oo the gentleman's answer will depend
whether I shall insist on the bill being read in
full or not.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
allow debate withiu the hour given to me.
Mr. BECK. I rise to ask a question. Is
this the bill that passed the Senate at the first
session of this Congress?
Mr. WHITTEMORE. No, sir; the bill
which passed during the first session was Sen-
ate bill No. 279. This bill passed the Senate
on the 8tli of February, 1870.
Mr. BECK. Then I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] whether the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction did not agree that
the House bill should be attached to this bill
as an amendment and the whole offered to the
House together?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
answer the gentleman. I have now presented
the Senate bill. The gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Whittemore] has the House
bill to offer as an amendment, and I will yield
to the gentleman for that purpose.
Mr. BECK. I desire to ask the gentleman
whether the Committee on Reconstruction did
not desire that the House bill should be added
to the Senate bill as an amendment to it?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Undoubt-
edly ; and I am to allow that amendment to be
put.
Mr. WHITTEMORE. I now offer, as an
amendment to the Senate bill, the House bill
(No. 470) to relieve certain persons therein
named from all legal and political disabilities.
Ia offering this amendment I desire to say a
few words. It was agreed by the Committee
on Reconstruction that this House bill should
be taken and compared with the Senate bill,
and as a great number of names are the same
on both bills, that all the names in the House
bill which are the same as those in the Sen-
ate bill should be struck off. Those names
have been struck off to the number of about
three hundred, and the remaining names are
now offered as an amendment to the Senate
bill.
• Mr. COX. I would like to inquire whether in
the amendment or in the original bill there is
anything* except the list of names; whether
there is any general principle of legislation
announced in connection therewith?
Mr. WHITTEMORE. Not at all.
Mr. COX. Is it proposed to attach to the
original bill or to the amendment any system
of amnesty, either judicial or otherwise?
Mr. WHITTEMORE. Not at all; that is
in a separate bill.
Mr. COX. I for one will never vote for these
measures which compel the House to pick out
one by one A, B, and C, for we cannot decide
properly where merely personal questions are
involved. I want to vote on the general prop-
osition which has been talked about in the
newspapers. Why is that not offered to us?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I resume
the floor, the gentleman from South Carolina
having offered his amendment. No man is
more anxious than I am to have a bill passed
for the general relief of disabilities. Such a
biH has been offered, and I propose to press it.
But as the debate on that bill will occupy con-
siderable time, both in the House and in the
Senate, I am instructed by the Committee on
Reconstruction and I am desirous to press this
bill amended in the manner which is proposed.
After that I for one will not report any further
special bills for the removal of disabilities until
the House have answered the question whether
they will pass a general bill. I am only sorry
that on account of the position of business in
this House I am obliged to report this first;
but 1 do feel obliged to take this course, and I
think the bill is one which ought to pass. I
now yield to the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Brooks.]
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I am op-
posed to this whole system of peddling out
pardons in detail here On the floor of this
House, and of bringing influence to bear upon
members to procure the pardon of those who
have been guilty of rebellion. The whole sys-
tem is wrong—wrong from beginning to end,
unworthy of the character of this Govern-
ment, undignified and improper on the part
of this House; and if there be no other mem-
ber who raises a voice in opposition I will
stand up and vote against that system alone.
1 was among the earliest members upon this
floor who were for opening wide the door of
pardon. I began by voting for the pardon in
detail of one, two, three, four, five, and six
bills with the promise that a general bill of
amnesty should soon be brought in. No such
bill is yet pressed upon the House; no cer-
tainty is there that any ever will be pressed if
we take up and pass this Senate bill with
eight hundred names or more upon it, and
then add ou, as the Committee on Reconstruc-
tion propose, some eighteen hundred other
men of whom the great body of members here
can know nothing, and respecting whose char-
acters or history little or nothing can be said
in debate here without consuming for days all
the time of the House. There are in that bill
the names of men who have been guilty of
the highest crimes of rebellion, some of its
leaders in the field as well as in the council;
there are others in favor of whom little or
nothing can be said but upon the general prin-
ciple of amnesty and pardon for all, while in
the very indulgence of the comparatively few
here we rob thousands and tens of thousands
of the southern people left out of the influ-
ence of all these names, and of their numer-
ous friends who otherwise would be exerting
all their common power for a general amnesty,
and who in a common partnership would then
be certain to obtain it.
Sir, there is much to be said against our
southern countrymen, but there is much to be
said in their favor, at the same time, for their
heroism in the rebellion; for their Anglo-
Saxon, native-American pluck; for the vigor
with which they conducted the war; for the
wonderful industry with which they developed
their resources. While I abhor rebellion I
cannot but feel and express the admiration of
an American for such American heroism, and
I cannot help saying that I desire to welcome
back such countrymen once more into our
Union, so that in case of any foreign war they
shall unite with us as brother to brother, shoul-
der to shoulder, for the common defense and
general welfare. I feel proud of the hero-
ism that they have exhibited because it is a
pledge for us hereafter. I feel proud of their
genius as soldiers and as workingmen, because
both show what such men can do if hereafter
a world of monarchies in arms shall rise up
against us to crush out our republicanism. As
a northerner I love to call such southerners
my countrymen, my brothers, and to recognize
them as fellow-citizens. I felt proud, too, when
the General-in-Chief at Appomattox Court-
Housc nobly gave the rebel army generous
terms. Oh, that he were ndw what he was
then, equally-magnanimous, equally generous,
less of the politician and more of the general 1
When that gallant soldier at Appomattox
Court-House yielded those generous terms the
surrender of our southern countrymen was one
of the greatest and noblest surrenders that has
ever been witnessed in history. What did they
do ? Did they resort to the Bwamps of South
Carolina, as Sumter and Marion did, to carry
on a rifle war? Did they resort to the Alle-
ghany mountains to prolong the war as guer-
rillas, and to devastate the plains and valleys,
North and South? Did they try to shed more
and more of the blood of their common coun
trymen ? Were they, like Spaniards hiding in
the sierras of Spain among the rocks and snows,
ever fighting and never surrendering? Were
they like Mexicans, ever in turmoil and bloody
civil war? Were they like Spanish Americans,
pouring out the blood of their countrymen in
wasteful expenditures ? No, no; but they were
Americans ; and on the field of Appomattox
they gftve up all in good spirit and good intent;
surrendered,conquered,subjugated, and begged
to be admitted once more into the embrace of
their common countrymen. Is it not time, then,
now to give them that embrace? Is it not time
to open our hearts and to welcome them back
once more to our bosoms as men, as our equals,
men with equal rights and privileges? Is it
not time to throw a mantle over all the atroci-
ties and horrible deeds of the past, and prepare
once more to unite our great country in one
common brotherhood of love and affection ?
Is not the day of revenge over? Shall we not
exhibit the beautiful spectacle once more of
a united and common country, winning the
affections of all ?
By no violent bills, by no extraordinary recon-
struction acts of Congress, is this Union to be
maintained and preserved. If ever a war shall
arise between us and a foreign country we
shall never be strong until we bind ourselves
together in peace and concord and love. There
will ever be weakness in this Government
till the Union is really, practically restored ;
the union of hearts and hands, not the mere
union of enforcing laws. There is no real
security for a republic among the kingdoms
and monarchies of the world until everywhere
the flag is reverenced, because it is a flag en-
folding and protecting all, until it becomes a
flag the transcendent beauty of whose stars
shall outshine and eclipse all its stripes. We
need, we must have the half million of rifles in
the southern States that may be brought into
the field if ever we are in a conflict with Great
Britain or France or Spain, or any other
Power that may attack us at home or abroad.
Force, violence, revenge, punishment, are
not the elements of concord and union and
strength. The theory of our Government, the
beautiful theory, is self-government, equality
among the people and among all the people.
But in these bills of pardon there are painful
contrasts of exemptions ; a hundred, a thou-
sand here, but thousands and tens of thou-
sands out. There is no self-government, no
respect of the principle promulgated in the
Declaration of Independence, no equality, no
justice; but, on the contrary, inequality every-
where and injustice to all shut out.
Sir, we have already imposed more upon our
southern countrymen than ever was imposed
by any civilized people upon any subjugated
civilized nation on earth. We have robbed
them of self-government; we have planted the
military over them to rule them with the irou
hand of the sword and the bayonet; we have
reoganized their States by force, and installed
minorities of ignorance to govern majorities of
intelligence. All this has been done and cannot
now be undone. But we can do more; we ean
endear them to our affections, we can embrace
them once more, we can carry out the beautiful
principles of our theory of self-government
and equality of right.
I repeat, we have imposed the hardest ser-
vitude upon this people—a harder servitude
than ever before was imposed upon any subju-
gated civilized nation upon earth. No race of
ours in whose veins flows the Anglo-Saxon
blood, that blood whose dominion has been
extended in glory and triumph all over all the
continents of the earth—no white race of ours
was ever before subjugated to the African race;
no master was ever before made the slave of
his slave, as our southern countryman has been;
and is not this punishment enough? Is not this
revenge enough ? Is not our amplest desire for
punishment gratified to the fullest extent?
Oh, then, let this House arise; let my coun-
trymen arise, I beg and implore them in behalf
of our future history, to the magnitude of the
occasion, and throw wide open the doors of
pardon and welcome once more back to our
common country these rebellious countrymen
of ours.
I beg pardon of the House for the feeling I
have manifested and fdr the extended remarks
