150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15,
pocketful of nuts. The 'measters' enter the drove |j
and deliberately survey the articles offered for pub- !i
lie purchase. Ifthesupply isplentiful thebuyerscan I
be nice in choosing as they please. If the demand ;
exceeds supply tlie long-limbed boys and gawky j!
girls soon find it out, and stand up for good prices. !|
"If on coming from the Mr they are sober enough Ij
to remember the address of their purchaser they
present themselves on the appointed day, after the I,
fashion of bought and branded animals, and get their
called a 'bed-room,' and their provender,
called meals,' for a specified time; the law not al-
lowing them to be exactly tethered by the head or
hobbled by the legs."
We may congratulate ourselves that no exhi- jj
bitions of this sort are possible on American [I
soil, neither in manner or the substance of the ji
contract. In every other land on the globe jj
capital is more omnipotent and buys more i]
labor for the same price than here. More capi- j j
tal, it is true, often abounds elsewhere, but it is |,
coupled with a far greater density of popula- jj
tion, and its owners, without American vigor jj
and audacity, move on crutches and gouty toes. j:
The Old "World, in fact, may be said to be fin-
ished, while here we have scarcely gotten up
our scaffoldings or hardly laid the chief cor-
ner-stones, and much in the New World remains
to be done. So many of our workingmen are
employed in unproductive enterprises, or in
making railroads and other public and private
improvements where the results cannot be ex-
posed for sale to compete with any other pro-
ducts, that all labor is kept at the maximum
price. The standard of human comforts
among laboring men being higher here than
elsewhere, it is true that to enjoy the com-
forts and luxuries of the American standard,
but little lower than that even of men of mod-
erate fortunes abroad, a full day's work for a
full day's pay must be done.
Now and then a golden nugget of great price
may be picked up by the careless worker, but
Providence exacts a fearful compensation for
such unlabored-for treasures, and the roads
to their apocryphal hiding-places are strewn
with the wrecks of those who have been
seduced by such examples to make unsuccess-
ful pursuit after sudden wealth. In Aus-
tralia, where large nuggets are sometimes
found, the wash dirt is very poor, but still it
is perseveringly teazed and fretted though it
yields few golden responses. Mountains may
be climbed, but mankind have not "wings to
climb the wind," and cannot soar at once to
lofty summits. With unimportant reservations
there is nothing truly valuable in the produc-
tions of earth, or in the arts, or in the sciences,
or literature that is not obtained by hard and
protracted labor. Even a first-rate man, in
whatever place or pursuit, comes forth only as
the ultimate result of day3 and nights of un-
ceasing toil. It is labor which produces both
men and property.
The next and main argument put forth by
the advocates of the eight-hour law is that as
much work can and will be done ineighthours
as in ten or more. This argument may be said
to rest on faith without works, and it will be
safe to doubt and even to deny the assump-
tion under most if not all circumstances.
Whatever might be the result of a single ex-
periment, it cannot be pretended that such fast
work can be kept up and be as well done year
in and year oust as work less hurried ; or, if
it could be, it would prove too much. Human
strength has not been so much underrated as
to bear to have its task so greatly advanced.
Besides, when workingmen are paid by the
day, they have no motive in performing an
amount of labor disproportionate to the amount
of time for which they are paid andemployed.
Human nature rebels against even- the shadow
of unrequited toil.
To argue that as much and as good work
can be done in eight hours as in ten is to
argue against the most obvious facts, and is
no more true than that the major term is just
equal to the minor, or that ten quarts can be
crowded into a peck measure. The history
of mankind shows that health, power, and
longevity have not been diminished by long
hours of labor so much as by fast labor, and
hurried work is proverbially ill done. Fast
me a prematurely wear out, not steady men.
Intense, not regular, application kills both
mind and body. Walter Scott might have
brought forth his usual annual work for years,
but when overtaken at the age of fifty-five by
financial ruin he tasked his great powers to
create and save for his heirs an ancestral
home and by literary drudgery to pay off in
six years a debt of $750,000, the Wizard of
the North achieved, indeed, the miracle, but
lost his life. Meteors strikeout all their bril-
liancy in asingleflash and are exhausted, while
the sober planets, ever mildly radiant, roll on to
the end of time.
The case of porters at public houses will
illustrate the point. It is generally known that
none live to old age, but death prematurely
overtakes them all, and porters of fifty years
are more rare than pensioners of one hun-
dred. Yet it is seldom that they are called
upon for hard work, except for short seasons
in the early and latter part of the day, and
then, with women's baggage-rights already ex-
tended, the strain is often excessive. The
result is apparent in the death-rate of the
whole class, except that of the bosses, who,
like other bosses,do not work, and therefore,
whether they live or die, should not alter the
account.
The tactics with which Napoleon most con-
stantly surprised the world were his rapid
marches, by which he precipitated all his forces
upon the enemy's weakest points. Any critical
eye, looking at the sudden melting away of his
hosts, will observe that the number of his men
killed and wounded explains but a small part of
his losses. In the middle of August,1813, he had
four hundi-ed thousand combatants concentrated
on the Elbe, but at the beginning of November
he had no more than eighty thousand. In his
campaign to Moscow he led across the Niemen
two hundred and forty thousand men; but the
Paris records show that four days before the
frost began and before a flake of snow fell he
had left only fifty-five thousand combatants.'"'
Four fifths of his army had been already sacri-
ficed! Thus it was not the cold of Russia
which destroyed his army, but the untold rav-
ages of the march. Such rapid and reckless
marches it will be found were more fatal to
Frenchmen than all the pitched battles fought
by Napoleon. They put ten hours' work into
eight!
-Even the velocity of the steam-engine on sea
or land cannot be accelerated except at an
enormous cost. Fifteen knots per hour cost
more than twice as much as ten. A ship of
one thousand tons, mean displacement, fitted
to run eight miles per hour, would convey three
hundred and forty-one tons of cargo a distance
of six thousand five hundred and twelve miles;
but if fitted to run fourteen miles per hour the
same vessel, it is said,f would only convey
eighty-three tons of cargo a distance of two
thousand one hundred and fourteen miles, or
only one third of the distance and one fourth
of the cargo. Express trains are found to be
far too expensive for the great bulk of trans-
portation on railroads. Horses attached to the
old stage-coaches, starting at the sound of the
bugle and going in an unbroken trot of ten
miles per hour, were unable to endure more
than half the number of miles and not one
fourth the number of hours of those attached
to heavily-laden wagons, moving only upon a
walk. Truck and dray horses endure, as is
well known, much longer than horses used at
greater speed upon horse railroads. Hounds
used often in the chase do not live out half the
days allotted to dogs. Like their masters, with
swift work and exposure they get used up
early. Surely it is not to be supposed that we
are to be more reckless of human life than of
that of the brutes!
* Alison's History of Europe.
t J. M. Pook, esq., United States naval constructor.
Shaker fauiilies work moderately, never
hurry, but work twelve or more hours per day,
and are proverbially long lived. Starting at
half past four o'clock in the morning and work-
ing until six o'clock in the evening, with only
brief intervals for breakfast and dinner of not
more than an hour in the whole, while they
have meetings five evenings out of seven, two
of which are very properly called laboring
meetings, where the round dance and shuffle
are kept up for an hour, and sometimes for two
if the zeal of "them that make merry" does
not sooner subside. May we not say of them
that, as to their economy, they are "healthy,
wealthy and wise?" More damaged consti-
tutions, it cannot be doubted, have resulted to
the human race from swift and unusual effort
than from regular and persistent labor. To do
as much and as good work in eight hours as men
have ordinarily done in ten would soon prove
to those subjected to it an unendurable strain.
But our own experience at our navy-yards,
armory, and Public Printing Office conclu-
sively demonstrates the failure of the system.
Nowhere is any more than eight tenths of the
former work done; nowhere is any better work
done, and nowhere are the idle hours turned
to any moral profit. I have authentic proofs
of this statement from quite a number of these
establishments, which I will show to any Sen-
ator who wishes to further satisfy himself on
the subject.
Hitherto statesmanship among all enlight-
ened nations of the world has based itself on
the principle of having all the people contin-
uously and profitably employed. But this
latest exhibition of statesmanship seems to be
devised to curtail and limit the amount of labor
rather than to enlarge its opportunities. Solon
was thought to be something of a lawgiver,
but it never occurred to him that it was wise
to restrict by law the hours of labor. His law
provided that every man should "work, be
employed or employ." The Egyptians in early
days appear to have had somewhat the lead
among nations in learning and intelligence, and
yet they do not seem to have had any dread of
over-work, but rather more dreaded idlers and
shirks; for they provided that all should de-
clare once a year by what means they earned
a livelihood. Every Hebrew was commanded
to learn his son a trade; "to circumcise him,
to teach him the law, to teach him a trade.''
But no Jew, notwithstanding the inspired
teachings of both the law and the gospel, ever
received a hint not to work beyond eight hours
per day, and it is plain from the parable in
Matthew that twelve hours per day was then
the allotted time for a day's work, as well as
from that in John (ii. 9) where "Jesus an-
swered, are there not twelve hours in the day ?"
The divine law, not yet repealed, was to work
six days and to rest on the seventh, but we
appear to be wise above what is written, or, if
a new gospel is really required by our neces-
sities, it would seem to indicate a premature
degeneracy.
An eight-hour rule is not an advance, and
must find its examples in the Middle Ages, when
England, as in 1495, passed a statute fixing
the price of common day labor at four-and-a-
half pence, without diet; or at a later date,
when the wages of labor were settled by the
justices, " that the best husbandry laborer was
not to take over one shilling a day, without
meat or drink," and common laborers only ten-
pence._ It should be noted, if the wages were
one shilling, according to the price of grain,
that the laborer would earn only four fifths of
a peck of wheat.
Thanks to the opening which our country
has made for laborers from abroad to flee from
low wages, the reward of English laborers has
been advanced at least fifty per cent, within the
last twenty years, but it is even now much less
than a half bushel of wheat per day, while in
all of our wheat-growing States it is a bushel
or more, and in California one hundred pounds
of wheat can be had for !pl 50, where com-
