4294
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
world; bat the Republic is nothing else than
an organization to promote the welfare of men.
"Whatever makes for human welfare is essen-
tially republican. Nor can any loss of revenue
be set against this transcendent opportunity.
Show me how to promote the welfare of men,
and I show you an economy beyond any reve-
nue ; more still, I show you a duty not to be
postponed.
The ruling principle in England from the
beginning down to the triumph of penny post-
age was revenue, and this is still the ruling
principle with us, to which all else is subordin-
ated. England was accustomed to say, as the
United States now say, with Shy lock, " We
would have moneys." The abolition of the
franking system is proposed on this ground,
not to lighten the existing burden of corre-
spondence, not to cheapen postage, not to sim-
plify the postal service, not to provide the
American equivalent of the English penny
postage, but simply to increase the revenue.
We are summoned to give up a long-tried sys-
tem, educational in its influence, merely for
the sake of the Treasury. This is the object
perpetually in view. Even the Postmaster
General, who is so liberal in all his ideas, says
in words which hardly do justice to the times,
" As far as lay in my power, during my short
administration, I have reduced the expendi-
tures and increased the revenues of the De-
partment." (Report, 18(59.) Something better
than this remains to be done.
COMPLEXITY AND MULTIFARIOUSNESS IN OUR SYSTEM.
The postal system of the United States was
kindred in character to that of England until
the latter was transfigured by the exalted
genius of Rowland Hill. Both had the same
incongruities and incumbrances. The rates
in both were complex instead of uniform,
and dear instead of cheap. From 1776 to 1810
it appears that the rates were from seven to
thirty-three cents, according to distance. In
1810 the rates were established by Act of Con-
gress at six and a quarter, ten, twelve and a
half, eighteen and three fourths, and twenty-five
cents, according to distance. These continued
till 1845, when, yielding partially to the English
example, another Act of Congress established
the rates at five and ten cents ; then in 1851 at
three, five, and six cents, besides one cent for
drop letters; then, in 18G5, at three and ten
cents, besides one cent for drop letters ; then,
in 1863, at three cents, with two cents for drop
letters; and then, in 1865, at three cents, with
two cents for drop letters delivered by carriers,
and one cent for drop letters where there is no
delivery.
The difference between a drop letter and
what is called a mailed letter, or letter from
post office to post oilice, causes frequent con-
fusion, as is seen here in Washington, where
letters for Georgetown often have the two-
cent stamp, when they should have that of
three cents. The same confusion exists in
other places. But this ridiculous division and
subdivision are peculiar to the United States.
It is not known that they are to be found in
any other postal service.
The rates on foreign letters were if possible
more chaotic. It was different with different
countries, according to existing treaties, and this
difference prevailed not only in the rate but
also in the unit of weight. As late as 1808 the
rate on letters to England and Ireland was
twenty-four cents, which was then changed to
twelve cents, and is now six cents, being two
cents for the sea postage, and two cents for
the inland postage of each country, allowing
half an ounce of weight. The rate with Prance
is still fifteen cents on one quarter of an ounce.
Letters to Canada and other British North
American provinces, when not over threethou-
sand miles, are six cents for each half ounce
if prepaid, and ten cents if not prepaid ; when
over three thousand miles, ten cents ; to New-
foundland, ten cents. Then, in the absence
of postal international convention, there is a
-general provision by Act of Congress establish-
ing the rate of ten cents for each half ounce
carried to orfrom foreign countries " by steam-
ships or other vessels regularly employed in
the transportation of the mails."
Such is the complexity and multifariousness
of our postal service—at least three different
rates on inland letters, with an unknown variety
oil foreign letters. Here is discord where there
should be uniformity, and out of this discord
springs necessarily embarrassment with untold
expense. True, much has been done, but much
remains to be done before the service will
have that simplicity without which it is vain to
expect the desired combination of utility and
economy. Every departure from uniformity is
an impediment and an expense. It is with (he
postal service as with all else in nature and art;
it is efficient and economical in proportion as
it is simple. The rates of postage should be
uniform. Borrowing a phrase from our polit-
ical victories, all letters should be eqtial before
the law.
Take by waj' of illustration the increased per-
plexity from two rates, and here I follow an old
official of the post office, Pliny Miles, who puts
this very case: " Suppose," sayshe,"cityorlo-
cal letters were two cents, and letters for a dis-
tance three or four cents. What a vast amount of
labor and inconvenience in the work of rating
and sorting in the Post Office and how perplex-
ing to the citizen." (History of Post Office,
Banker's Magazine, volume vii, new series,
page 443.) By the existing system there is a
double perplexity. First lor the citizen, and,
secondly, for the postal service. Each rate is
like an additional language to be learned,while
the unknown rates on foreign letters are like
the confusion of ISabel.
UNIFORM RATE AT ONE CENT.
In the process of simplification the uniform
rate should be the lowest unit of coin. Beyond
the sufficiency of this rate as a protection of
the post office against abuse, and also its ob-
vious convenience, is its cheapness, reducing
the tax on correspondence to its practical
minimum. In England the penny was the
lowest nnit of coin, being in the English cur-
rency what the cent is in ours. The success
of the English experiment is our best encour-
agement. There is better reason for the cent
as a proper rate in our country than there was
for the penny as a proper rate in England.
Such a rate will be so near to free postage
for all that it may be considered such prac-
tically. Let it be adopted, and free postage
will become the companion of free school, free
lecture, and free library, constituting the mighty
group of republican civilization. The existing
franking system will naturally disappear in this
new franking system for all.
Here we encounter the financial question,
What will be the effect on the Treasury? Will
it pay? These are the potential words. This
is the touchstone. That it will pay ill benefi-
cent influence tenfold—ay, sir, a hundred-
fold—that it will make tho Post Office more
than ever the powerful agent of human improve-
ment—I cannot doubt. What is a little revenue
compared with such a result? What, even, is a
deficit with such a compensation? But looking
at the financial question, and forgetting for a
moment the incalculable good, it will be found
that there are general laws of profit on small
prices applicable to this proposed reduction,
re'enforced also by the example of England,
and even of our own country.
REDUCTION OF PRICE INCREASES CONSUMPTION.
Nothing is plainer, as a general rule, than
that the reduction of price tends to increase
of consumption. This is illustrated by a thou-
sand instances. Thus, at one time in England
the fall in the price of soap one eighth increased
the consumption one third ; the fall of tea one
fifth increased consumption one half; the fall
of silks one fifth doubled the consumption;
the fall of coffee one fourth trebled it; and the
fall of cotton goods one half quadrupled it.
The circulation of newspapers and the number
of advertisements are governed by the same
law. There is another English instance, not
within the range of ordinary business, which
is not without historic interest. Formerly the
admission fee to the famous sights of the Tower
of London was three shillings, at which rate
there were, in 1838, nine thousand five hundred
and eight visitors, paying £1,420. In 1839 the
fee was reduced to one shilling, and there were
thirty-seven thousand four hundred and thirty-
one visitors, paying £1,891. In 1840 the fee
was reduced to sixpence, and the number of
visitors amounted to ninety-one thousand eight
hundred and twenty-seven, paying £2,297.
Thus at the Tower more people were gratified
by the sights and more money was taken—
so that there was at the same time a larger
accommodation and a larger revenue. A re-
duction of the fee in the ratio of six to one was
followed by an increase of visitors in the ratio
of seven to one. According to a familiar story
in our own country, the exhibitor of a pano-
rama reported to the proprietor that the pro-
ceeds at twenty-five cents a ticket did not pay
expenses. "Put it down to ten cents" was the
reply. This was done and immediately the
receipts rose so as to give a profit of $100 a
week.
Such instances as these occurring in business
and iu life led Rowland Hill to assert that " the
increase in consumption is inversely as the
square of the prices," and this rule justified the
expectation that, with the proposed reduction
of letter postage from the average of sixpence
to a penny, the number of letters would increase
thirty-six-fold. If the number did not increase
in this remarkable ratio, yet it was such as to
disappoint the enemies of reform. It appears
that the number of chargeable letters delivered
in the United Kingdom of England, Scotland,
and Ireland in 1839, the year immediately pre-
ceding the first general reduction of postage,
was 75,907,572; and in 1840, the first year
of penny postage, it was 108,708,344, showing
an increase in one year of more than 122
per cent. Since then this large number has
dilated year by year, until in 18(57 it amounted
to 774,831,000.
CIIEAF POSTAGE MULTIPLIES LETTERS.
The experience of England is reproduced in
the United States, so far as we have ventured
upon postage reform. Every reduction of rate
has been followed by a corresponding increase
in the number of letters. There was the law
of 1845, by which postage was reduced to two
principal rates of ten and five cents. At this
proposition, which erred only in its feebleness,
there was the gloomiest foreboding of utter
loss to the post office. The ravens did not
croak more hoarsely at the entrance of Duncan
beneath the battlements of Macbeth. Mr.
McDuffie, the excitable Senator from South
Carolina, always sensitive for slavery, after
expressing regret that bodily infirmity dis-
abled him from declaring the strength of his
convictions in regard to the evils which would
flow from this measure, protested against its
adoption as "more radical and revolutionary
than anything ever done in Congress." The
Senator denounced it as most unjust, and pre-
dicted that in ten years the Post Office would
cost the Treasury $10,000,000. The news-
paper press, though not so fervid, was as skep-
tical as the South Carolina Senator, and the
Postmaster General showed the very disposi-
tion which had given to his brother officials in
England the designation of " unwilling horses."
In his first report after the passage of tho law
he announced a prospective deficiency l'or the
current year exceeding $1,250,000, and, unless
there should be some amendment of the law,
another deficiency the next year of little short
of $1,000,000. Now, mark the result of even
this too slight reduction. The actual deficiency
for 1846 was only §589,837, and for 1847 it was
but $33,077, while in 1849 there was a surplus
revenue of ?226,137, with an increase of let-
ters greater still. The letters in 1845 were
39,958,978; in 1848 they were 60,159,862,
