1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2407
1862 to tliis day. It is understood in every
part of this country. If a grocer or dealer goes
to an importer or refiner to buy sugar he
inquires for sugar of a particular classification
under this law. Now, the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means proposes an
entire change in the classification. That is the
thing that I object to particularly. We have
had this classification on the statute-book for
eight years; it is understood by the trade;
and unless there are grave reasons for it we
should not change the classification.
Now, the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means said a day or two ago that
the reason for the change was that there were
frauds in the importation of sugars, and that
sugars that ought not to come in at No. 12 and
under were coming in at No. 12, Dutch stand-
ard. But he has made an amendment here
this morning which removes that entire argu-
ment, because he inserts in the bill the words
"and on all other sugars not above No.
12, Dutch standard in color." So far as
this first clause is concerncd that opens wide
the door for the frauds which he claimed ex-
isted the other day. I should like to have him
answer his own argument of the other day,
because he has fixed by his amendment the
exact standard of No. 12, Dutch standard. I
say, therefore, that the reason for the change
which was given the other day does not exist,
because the principle of classification, so far
as this first paragraph is concerned, is retained.
Now, I desire that we shall retain the exact
language of the existing law, which provides
that all sugars not above No. 12, Dutch
standard, should come in at a certain rate
and reduce that rate 1 cent per pound. Then
the country, the consumer, the dealer and im-
porter, the refiner, and every person interested
will understand what we are about here.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHBNCK. I am very unfortunate, I
think, for I have never yet been able to under-
stand the objection of my colleague on the
committee, the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Allisox,] to the proposition of the Committee
of Ways and Means. But I think I do under-
stand the effect of his proposition more par-
ticularly as compared with the proposition of
the committee. Now, let us compare the two
together. The proposition of the committee
is: " on all raw or Muscovado sugar," 2 cents
per pound.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. No mat-
ter of what quality ?
Mr. SCHBNCK. No matter how good the
quality. Wc want to throw open the door by
which the people of this country may get as
light and well-granulated and good quality of
sugar at 2 cents per pound duty as it is pos-
sible to make in the sugar factories. That is
our first proposition. Then to that we add,
"and on all other sugars not above No. 12,
Dutch standard in color, 2 cents per pound."
That is, the committee proposes that not only
all raw sugars of every kind shall come in at
2 cents per pound, but all refined or clarified
sugars, if not carried-above a certain standard,
shall be admitted at the same rate.
Now, what does the gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Allison] propose? To impose 2 cents
per pound duty on all sugars not above No.
12, Dutch standard of color, and 2J cents per
pound on all sugar above No. 12 and not
above No. 15. That is, no matter how white
or light colored or fine the sugar made at the
sugar factories shall be, it shall be subjected
to a higher duty than 2 cents per pound if it is
raised above No. 12, Dutch standard in color.
We say, no; let all raw sugars come in at 2
cents per pound, no matter how fine it is ; and
then,in addition, we say letall refined or clari-
fied sugars, not above No. 12, Dutch standard
in color, come in at 2 cents per pound.
The gentleman from Iowa says that we are
in the interest of the refiner. Let me say to
him that this very morning a refiner has com-
p!ain d to us that if we adopt the plan of the
Committee of Ways and Means we will let in
about 20 per cent, of raw sugar that will be
above No. 12, Dutch standard in color, at 2
cents per pound. My reply is that is just what
we want to do. There are many people in this
country who are willing to use sugar without
its being refined provided they can get it of
the fine quality made in the original process of
manufacture.
The gentleman says we are in the interest of
the refiners. Where did he get his amendment?
From the refiners of Philadelphia, who have
furnished the exact language of his amendment.
I have here a proposition of sugar refiners of
Philadelphia, in which I find this clause: " on
all sugars not above No. 12, Dutch standard
in color," and it is signed by these refiners
of Philadelphia—Taylor Gillespie & Co.; Har-
rison, Havemeyer & Co.; Fieken & Williams;
Davis M. Kean & Co.; and Newhall, Borie
& Co. They presented that proposition to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and we would
not grant it. And now because we say " no,
gentlemen, we care not how fine the sugar is
which the people use ; if it be sugar made by
the original process they shall have it at a
duty of 3 cents per pound"—because we say
that we are told that we are in the interest of
the refiners; and to prove it the gentleman
from Iowa [Mr. Allison] offers an amendment
in the very language which the refiners asked us
to adopt. This is the reason I say I have never
yet been able to comprehend the position of my
colleague [Mr. Allison] on the sugar question.
If he will examine this subject he will find that
what the sugar refiners asked for, and the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means would not allow, is
justwhat he proposes to give them. Now, what
we propose is that everything they wish to have
come in at 2 cents, and a great deal more, shall
come in at 2 cents per pound. We may say that
everything under No. 12, Dutch standard of
color, shall come in at 2 cents, whether refined
or not; and then we go on and say that all raw
sugary shall come in at 2 cents per pound.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ALLISON. I want to be perfectly ean-
did in the discussion of this question of sugar,
and I want the chairman of the Committee of
Ways aud Means [Mr. Schenok] tobeequally
candid in his discussion of this question, and
I have no doubt he means to be. But when
the gentleman says that I have offered an
amendment in the language of the sugar re-
finers I want to call his attention to a fact
he overlooks entirely in this debate. He says
he cannot understand my opposition to the
provision of the committee. Sir, my opposi-
tion is based on the fact that the committee
have inserted in the bill a provision by which
clarified sugars will come in at 3 cents a
pound, or 1 cent more than the duty on^ the
raw sugars. Now what are these clarified
sugars ? They are sugars which have passed
through what is called a centrifugal machine,
which isa simple process. The refiners of sugar
in Philadelphia and other parts of the country
only asked the Committee of Ways and Means
to make a difference of half a cent per pound
between the clarified sugars and the raw sugars.
The Committee of Ways and Means go beyond
the demand of the refiners themselves, and
propose to make a difference of 1 cent per
pound. I have here a memorial from the
refiners of sugars in which they say that sugars
coming in under this process of clarification
should pay an additional half cent. The Com-
mittee of Ways and Means in their printed
amendment propose to give an additional cent.
The chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means tells us that because a small quan-
tity of sugar imported is over No. 12, Dutch
standard, there is a necessity for this change.
Now, all of us understand that 937,000,000
pounds of sugar come in at No. 12, Dutch
standard, and below. The Committee of Ways
and Means propose a difference of 1 cent
per pound between these 1,000,000,000 pounds
of sugar and the clsirifiert sugars—a distinc-
tion in the interest of the refiners, who have
only asked a difference of one half cent per
pound. If the committee are going to retain
this first classification of 2 cents a pound, if they
wish to consult at the same time the interest
of the consumer and that of the refiner, as
they themselves propose, I insist that the rate
upon clarified sugars should be reduced from
3 to 2i cents per pound; in other words, that
the difference should be only that which the
refiners ask—a difference of half a cent a pound
and not a difference of 1 cent, as the bill pro-
poses. I say that the Committee of Ways and
Means in this bill propose to give the refiners
a greater protection to the extent of half a cent
per pound than they themselves ask; and to
this I am opposed, because if we wish to
cheapen sugar to the consumer we must main-
tain the relative proportion I have stated.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Chairman, the gentle-
man from Iowa [Mr. Allisox] has not replied
to the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, but has proceeded to consider a para-
graph that is not now under consideration. He
has not even alluded to the argument of the
chairman, much less has he controverted a sin-
gle fact presented. Now, what is the question
about this clarified sugar of which the gentle-
man speaks? He argues that we have acted
in the interests of the sugar refiners, but at the
same time admits that we have not acted in
compliance with their wishes. He states that
the refiners asked for a difference of half a cent
a pound, and that the committee have reported
in favor of 1 cent a pound. The committee
heard the importers of sugar, the refiners of
sugar, the boilers of sugar; for there has grown
up a large business, involving a capital of many
millions of dollars, by which brown sugars are
boiled from molasses. The committee have
heard every interest involved in the sugar busi-
ness, and arrived at their own conclusions inde-
pendently of the suggestions of any particular
class.
Now, what is the fact with reference to the
clarified sugars of which the gentleman speaks?
An American refiner or boiler imports 100
pouuds. How much of that is sugar, how much
molasses, and how much waste? Out of every
100 pounds 20 go to molasses, on which the
duty is 8 cents a gallon, or five-eighths of a cent
per pound on the sugar; 7 per cent, more is
waste. Whan the sugar is clarified abroad no
duty is paid by the foreign importer on the
20 per cent, of molasses except five-eighths
of a cent. No duty is paid on the 1 per cent,
of waste. So that to the foreign importer
the duty is 2§ cents on clarified sugar, and to
the American importer the duty is 3 cents a
pound on sugar, molasses, and waste. There-
fore the committee, after thorough investiga-
tion of the case, decided upon a duty of 2 cents
a pound on all raw or Muscovado sugars, and
on all other sugars not above No. 12, Dutch
standard. That is, in order to give the people
of the country the highest grade of natural
sugar; but when it is put through this process,
which saves thepi from paying duty on 20 per
cent, of molasses and on 8 per cent._ of waste,
then it shall be regarded as clarified sugar.
The American refiner, he whose capital is era-
barked in business, and the laborers engaged
in the heavy toil of handling sugar hogsheads—
and it is the heaviest branch of business in all
our manufactures—should be protected against
the advantages derived by art and processes ot
science and manufacture in foreign lands. But
in another section, to which the gentleman
from Iowa refers  . , .
Mr. ALLISON while sitting m his chair
made a remark soto voce which was not heard.
Mr. KELLEY. We have given them that
which your committee believes best for the
Government. We have not legislated lor the
importer or the refiner or any other individual
or class of individuals. We have examined
the whole field to ascertain what will be best
for the revenues of the Government without
disturbing its established industries, -aid have
