1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4295
showing an increase in three years of more
than thirty per cent.
Every reduction of postage in our country
exhibits similar results. According to the ratio
of reduction has been the r;itio of increase in
the number of letters. It may surprise Sen-
ators to know that, while the number in 1852
was 9-3.700,524, it reached in 1868 to 488,000,-
000, ill the estimate of the Post Office. But
tins is only according to the prevailing impul-
sion from a reduction in price. lti England,
wheie the ratp was smaller, the number of
letters was much larger, being in 1867 no less
than 774,831,000. Tins becomes more ro-
lnatkable when it is considered that the esti-
mated population of the United States at the
time was more than forty millions, while that
of the United Kingdom was thirty millions,
making twelve letters annually for each person
in the United States and twenty-six letters an-
nually for each person in the United Kingdom.
I J. LEO ITI MATE BURDENS ON OORKESPONDEXCE.
To understand the justice of the proposed
reduction in ourcountry, we must anaUzeand
consider existing obligations of the postal ser-
vice 1 mention two, through which we may
see the unjust operation of the present tax on
correspondence ; first,, the well-known frank-
ingsystem, and secondly, the millions of news-
papers by which an inconceivable amount
of mail matter is made a burden on the Post,
Office, tasking its transportation and its means
of delivery. Although printed matter, un-
fran lied, is charged with postage, it is not, in
proportion to its burden on the postal service,
so that the letter pays not only for itself but
contributes to the other. The letter, so small
in dimension and weight, but with its own un-
seen freight of business or friendship, is made
to carry an additional load. Every letter is a
dwarf shouldering a giant, or stating the ease
with absolute literalness, it is a sheet of paper
compelled to bear free matter and printed mat-
ter measured by the ton. This little messen-
ger, whose single function necessarily requires
dispatch, is charged with this intolerable mass.
No wonder that it staggers under the load
heaped upon it. No wonder that the people are
obliged to pay high postage—for on receiving a
letter they pay not only the price of its trans-
portation and delivery, but they contribute
to the transportation and delivery of every-
thing else carried by the mails.
But even this burden could be borne if the
whole service was not charged with the cost of
transportation and postal facilities in distant
pai ts of the country where there is necessarily
a disproportionate expense, so that a letter in
certain States, after paying for its own trans-
portation and delivery, and contributing to the
transportation and delivery of free matter and
printed matter, contributes still furtherto those
long lines of service by which the most remote
places are supplied and the post office follows
close in the footsteps of the pioneer. This is
beautiful, but it is not just: in other woros, it is
beautiful that these opportunities should be
afforded, but it is not just that, the correspond-
ence of others should pay for them. Nor
should these extraordinary expenses be charged
on these remote places or on the pioneer, ihey
belong properly to the necessary outlay in
onening the country by which the nation, the
great untaxed proprietor, finds a market for its
land and new scope for its growing empire.
Obviously this outlay should be charged to the
Treasury rather than saddled upon the postal
service, as it is now.
EXPENSE OF OUTLYING- ROUTES.
The last report of the Postmaster General
shows the operation ot the existing system in
this respect. By the statement of receipts and
expenses for 1869, it appears that in no less
than sixteen States and Territories, including
the District of Columbia, the post office was
more than self-supporting; there being an ex-
cess of receipts over expenses of §3,0a,<310,
while in the other Stales aud Territories there
was an excess of expenditures over receipts
amounting to $4,727,175. The self-supporting
list with each surplus is as follows:
6 v.
3 k
r* —c ®
a g-o'p s 3 «ln  | < 5'
2 to'- ^*<2 o k
P3* : 3^-3 © ;
: r • P 2 5 .
XCJ1H
CO
-1 CO CO >i
-J IC CO -U C/l CO J- C.C — I— >— ' -
G WC/5JCO
sco'u-cc;o'-bby
n. wo  ccooj-o
T. O — I CO i—'-C
•f'.  to
3
H
CO © *- tO O \-
t=j
K
—l tr>,—vO'~' - f
^.CC4-GCOHJC.;^©0C~-T
—1r t c •£- Oi 4— tO —T t-J1 CO Ci ©
H
e+O O y,
p « <9
o "S3 ~ %
F o ST-
lleie I ask confidently, considering the
nature of the post office and the unquestionable
importance of encouraging correspondence, if
it, is just that the letter-writers in one part of
the country should be constrained to make the
large contribution attested by this table, for
the benefit especially of those at a distance
and also of the country at large? Rejecting
again all idea of casting this expenditure upon
the distant places and the pioneer, I insist, that
it should be borne by the Treasury rather than
by remote letter-writers.
It is easy to exhibit the extent of this charge
and its palpable injustice. Begin with an illus-
tration. Suppose a common carrier, with an
interest beyond his business in an undeveloped
part of the country at some distance from his
daily line, makes a deviation to this outlying set-
tlement at a daily loss; but looking to the gro wth
of his interest there for ultimate remuneration.
It would not be just for him to levy on all his
customers along the main line for the expense
of this deviation, making them pay not only for
their parcels, butcontribute,totlie development
of the outlying settlement. Nor would this
enforced contribution commend itself if urged
in the name of charity or as a patriotic service
to an infant community. The customers would
insist that their parcels should pay only the
legitimate cost of transportation and delivery,
oiTthey would soon find another ca-rrier who
would charge them simply for their parcels
without adding the cost of opening new settle-
ments. But the national Government is our
common carrier, turning aside at great expense
to develop and supply new places to its great
ultimate advantage in the sale of public lands,
the growth of population, and increase ot the
revenue; but it is not justified in casting this
large expense on the correspondence of the
people.
By the kindness of the Postmaster General
I am enabled to present from the records of the
Department two authentic testimonies. There
is the post route from San Antonio to El Paso, a
distance of seven hundred and lour miles, with
the annual cost of service, §126,001, and the
annual receipts from offices on the route, 53,137.
There is also the post route from Kelton, Utah,
to the Dalles, Oregon, seven hundredandsixty-
five miles, with the annual cost of service,
$130,278, and the annual receipts from offices
on the route, $3,822. Other instances- might
be adduced, but these are enough to showhow
seriously the postal service is burdened by obli-
gations which plainly belong to the Treasury.
In former debates of the Senate, an incident
was mentioned by Mr. Crittenden, of Kentucky,
which illustrates the character of these unpro-
ductive lines. The Senator was in a stage
coach somewhere in Tennessee, and already
tired and hungry, when there was a turn from
the main road for several miles to serve an out-
lying post office. It was night before the office
was reached, when the postmaster, roused with
difficulty, went through the scenic form of
taking the mail bag in his hand and returning
it to the driver, saying there was not a single
letter in it and had not been for a month. But
this costly ceremonial was at the expense of
the correspondence elsewhere. The letter of
the distant sea board was a contributor.
DISTANCE ALONE DOES NOT CAUSE EXPENSE.
Sometimes it is supposed that the great dis-
tances of our country cause the large expense ;
but this is a mistake founded on superficial
observation. The large expense proceeds from
something besides distance. Here I quote the
words of ilowland Hill:
" It is not matter of inference but a matter of faot,
that the expense of the post office is practically the
same, whether a letter is going from London to Bar-
net. (eleven miles,) or trom London to Edinburgh,
(three hundred jmd ninety-seven miles;) the difter-
ence is not expressible in the smallest coin wc have."
I have already mentioned the actual cost of
transportation from London to Edinburgh was
only one thirty-sixth of a penny, and this was
the average for all letters throughout the United
Kingdom. With so small a fraction of a penny
representing the cost of the longest line, it was
apparent that the element of distance must be
eliminated from the question. But this rule
is as applicable in ourcountry as in the United
Kingdom, always provided the lines are pro-
ductive.
The actual cost of each letter is inversely as
the number of letters, irrespective of distance.
The weight enters very little into the question.
Take, for instance, a route of ten miles, at ten
cents a mile, and another of one hundred miles
at the same rate. If on the route of ten miles
there is an average of only one letter, as is the
case on some routes, this one letter would cost
one dollar, while ten thousand letters on the
route of one hundred miles would cost only
one mill a letter. The post office pays a fixed,
compensation for the daily transportation of
its mails between certain places, and this com-
pensation is not varied by any addition to the
number of letters. Therefore on all produc-
tive or paying lines, as between Washington
and New York, and then between New York
and Buffalo, additional letters may be received
for distant places, without adding to the cost
until the letters reach St. Louis or New Or-
leans, or any other place accessible by a self-
supporting line, and the actual cost of a letter
for the longest distance will be no more than
for the shortest. It will be the same alike
to New Orleans and to New York. Thus on
the assumption of a continuous self-support-
ing line the question of distance does not enter
into the cost, and thus again we see the injus-
tice of compelling the correspondence on such
a line to the contributions it is now obliged to
make.
EXISTING BATE NOT OPPRESSIVE—A FALLACY. _
Here I encounter an old-fashioned objection
common to England as well as the United
States, and which has shown itself at every pro-
posed change in the postal service. It is said
that, the existing rate is not oppressive and tliat
there is no need of its reduction. Obviously it
is not oppressive to Senators and Represen a
tives, who send aud receive unnumbered let-
ters free; nor is it oppressive on then' COire-
spondents ; nor again is it oppressive °n
and thriving, for they contribute out of their
•ibuiidance; but plainly and indubitably it is
oppressive ou the poor, aud it is absurd to say
