1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3351
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California resumes the floor.
Mr STEWART. I want to get at the facts.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California declines to yield further.
Mr. CASSERLY. If the Senator has any
fact to state without a speech upon it I have
uo objection to his stating it.
Mr. STEWART. I was simply about to
state, in regard to those settlers, that they were
settlers who made their settlements prior to
the withdrawal, and the fand is deducted in
their favor in this estimate, because their title
is not affected by the withdrawal.
Mr. CASSERLY. It is difficult to argue
upon any state of facts with the Senator from
Nevada, because, taking what he states as of
his own knowledge, which in this case must be
extremely limited for liim or for anybody, and
tbe inferences he draws from the papers before
him, which the papers do not sustain, a dis-
cussion with him must be very fruitless. I
prefer to rely on the papers themselves. The
fetter which the Senator has read from the
Commissioner of the General Land Office
comes very far short of sustaining his asser-
tion that the two thousand settlers on these
lands had settled on them before the with-
drawal. All that the letter says is that settlers
cannot file upon lands which have been with-
drawn. What I said was that there were more
than two thousand actual settlers upon this
tract of seventeen millions. I said so because
the report of the Secretary of the Interior says
so. My resolution of inquiry was as to the
number of "settlers located on the lands
withdrawn." He reports that there were two
thousand and sixty-seven. He does not
speak of settlers who had filed upon the lands,
bat of settlers who had "located" on them.
Bnt if these are settlers who went on after
the withdrawal why not protect them? I
know well what will be tho claim of the
Senator from Nevada. He will say that set-
tlers, after the withdrawal, were not lawfully
here, because there can be no valid settle-
ment on lands once withdrawn. But Senators
will perceive that this is a question of an
illegal withdrawal, of a void withdrawal, of a
withdrawal pronounced void by the judgment
twice rendered by the Secretary of the Inte-
rior—pronounced legally void by the report of
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad sent in
here with the very bill now before us. By all
these concurring judgments the withdrawal
was illegal and void; On what ground, there-
fore, can the Senator call on the Senate to over-
look the equities of men who, knowing the
withdrawal was illegal and void, went upon the
lands which belonged to them as a portion of
the people of the country?
My present impression is that I shall offer
no opposition to the passage of the resolution ;
but 1 should be ashamed of myself if I could
sit here and permit the rights of two thousand
people who have gone upon lands which were
public lands, and bad not been withdrawn from
tbe operation of the general land system by
any legal act of any Department, to be swal-
lowed up in a railroad bill without raising my
voice in their behalf. For their sake I ask that
tbe further consideration of this measure may
be postponed until to-morrow or the day after,
in order that we may act intelligently for their
protection.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California moves to postpone the further con-
sideration of this joint resolution.
Mr. STEWART, I hope that will not be
done. It is very hard to get up bills here.
Mr. CASSERLY. I gave way to the Sen-
ator from Maine. I did not give way to the
Senator from Nevada.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope the vote
be taken on the motion to postpone.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
postpone is debatable.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move, then, to
pass over this joint resolution, with a view to
proceed to the consideration of the appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have no objection.
Mr. STEWART. I appeal to the Senator
from Maine to let us have a few minutes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This motion is
not debatable.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ne-
vada had better let this matter go over. The
Senator from California makes a fair proposi-
tion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator from
Nevada must perceive that his bill will be
debated.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Maine moves to pass over this joint resolution
for the purpose of resuming the consideration
of the legislative, executive, and judicial appro-
priation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
PRESIDENTIAL APPROVAL.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Private
Secretary, announced that the President had
this day approved and signed the bill (S. No.
369) to establish an additional land district in
the State of Kansas.
PRINTING OF DOCUMENTS.
On motion of Mr. SAULSBURY, it was
Ordered, That five hundred additional copies of
the letter of the Secretary of War, and five hundred
additional copies of the letter of theSocretary of the
Treasury, relative to the surveys which have been
made in the harbor at the Delaware breakwater,
with a view to the erection of a pier at Lewes, be
printed for the use of the Senate.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. 11. No.
1977) to supply a deficiency in the appropria-
tion for compensation and mileage of members
of the House of Representatives, and Delegates
from Territories for the fiscal year ending June
30, in the year 1870, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate.
BILL RECOMMITTED.
On motion of Mr. SPENCER, it was
Ordered, Thatthebill (H. R. No. 1669) for the relief
of Harriet E. Parker be recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Cummerce.
PRINTING OP A PETITION.
Mr. CONKLING. I move that an order be
entered to print the memorial of the Citizens'
Association of New York, which is quite brief,
that I presented this morning. I think it ought
to be printed.
The motion Was agreed to.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 974) making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial (expenses of the
Government for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1871.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Last night, he-
fore the adjournment, the Senate unanimously
agreed that on the resumption of the consider-
ation of this bill to-day the Senate would vote
on the amendment reported from the Commit-
tee on Public Buildings and Grounds by the
Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] for the
building of a new State Department, without
further debate. The Secretary will report the
amendment.
The Secretary. The amendment is to
insert the following as a new section:
Bko. —. And be it farther enacted. That the sum of
$500,000 be, and hereby is, appropriated, out of any
moneys in the Treasury not. otherwise appropri-
ated, for the construction, under the direction of
the Secretary of State, on the southerly portion of
the premises now occupied by the War and Navy
Departments, of a buildiiig which will form the s uth
wing of a building that, when completed, will be
similar in the ground plan and dimensions to the
Treasury buil iing, and provide accommodations lor
the State, War, and Navy Departments; the build-
ing to be of such kind of stone as may be hereafter ,
determined, three stories in height, with basement
and attic: the height of the pavilions to he increased
if necessary; the building to be of fire-proof oon-
AH AM J i I. _   * .1 I— ~
Navy before any money is expended under the pro*
visions of this act.
Mr. COLE. I hardly think we ought to
confine it to a particular style of architecture.
We had better leave that to the good taste of
the architect. I suggest to the chairman of
the committee that we might with propriety
strike out the provision as to the style of archi-
tecture. The architecture of the public build-
ings thus far in this city is of a very fine order,
and in good taste. The proposition now is to
adopt, instead of the ancient style we have
adhered to so closely, a modern style.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not
desire to debate the question, and I hope a
member of the committee will not do so, be-
cause there was an agreement to vote without
debate. The plan is already prepared, and I
think nobody will disapprove of it.
Mr. COLE. I am very much in favor of
the building, of course 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I must remind
the Senator that there was an agreement to
vote without debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is for Sen-
ators to enforce, and not the Chair.
Mr. COLE. I did not understand that. I
was not present when any such agreement was
made.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That was the
understanding agreed to at near eleven o'clock
last evening.
Mr. MORTON. I do not wish to violate
any understanding. I was not here last night.
I think it would be highly improper to adopt
this amendment in this way, determining the
style of the building, without knowing anything
about it, whether it will cost six, seven, or ten
million dollars. It is taking a leap in the dark.
I think we ought to know what we are about
before we make an appropriation to start a
building which, once started in a particular way,
must be completed in that way. We do not
know what we are about. There are terras
here employed that I think a large portion of
the Senate do not know what they mean; I
know I do not.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I desire to observe to tbe
Senator from Indiana that the proposition that
the question should be taken without debate
was suggested when the Senate had but four
or five members in their seats, and can hardly
be binding on the Senate. A question of such
great interest should receive the attention of
Senators who may not have been in their seats
at that time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope my hon-
orable friend will not take that exception. I take
it that during the session of the Senate the
Senators who absent themselves are bound by
the action of the Senate. ["Certainly."]
They are bound by the acts of the members
who are here while the Senate is in session, as
if they chose to remain in their seats and share
in the deliberations of the Senate. If thitis
not to be the case, I shall oppose most strenu-
ously those sessions which leave us withoat a
quorum.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I entirely agree with
what the Senator from Maine has said. I was
not here when that arrangement wasmnde;
but I should by no means violate it. I should be
very glad to have the opportunity of saying a
word in reply to the Senator from Indh.na;
but if understandings among ourselves ara to
amount to anything, those Senators who are
not here when the understandings are ttiade
certainly should not coiue in and object to
carrying them out.
Mr. SUMNER. I will remark that this prop-
osition will be open to consideration at the
next stage of the bill when it is reported to
the Senate. Therefore, it may be voted on
now, and at the next sta^e Senators will have
an opportunity of speakii.g on the question.
