1870."
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
449
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Indian Appropriation Bill—Mr. Morrill.
Senate.
the discovery of gold in California, by which
miners, emigrants, and adventurers of all sorts
were attracted t,o the Indian country, thus dis-
turbing their possessions and making war with
the tribes in that quarter imminent.
Treaties were made in 1851 by which the
Indians ceded the right to construct military
and other roads and to establish military posts.
By these treaties certain definite boundaries
of reservation were agreed upon, which greatly
restricted their territory; in consideration of
which the United States was to pay the Indians
§50,000 annually for fifty years, which was
so amended in the Senate as to read ten years.
The territory fixed by these treaties embraced
the Territory of Colorado chiefly and the west-
ern part of Kansas. How were these treaties
fulfilled on our part? Let the peace commis-
sion of 1867, of which the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, Senator Henderson, General
Sherman, and others were members, tell. I
read from their report of January 7, 18G8. In
speaking of the treaties of 1851 and the man-
ner of their observance they say:
" Some years after this gold and silver were discov-
ered in the mountains of Colorado, and thousands of
fortune-seekers, who possessed nothing more than
the right ot transit over these lands, took possession
ot them for the purpose of mining, and against the
protests of the Indians, founded cities, established
farms, and opened roads. .Before 1801 the Choyennes
and Arapahoes had boon driven from the mountain
regions down upon the waters of the Arkansas, and
were becoming sullen and discontented because of
this violation of their rights. The third article of the
treaty of 1851 contained the following language:
'The United States hind themselves to protect the
aforesaid Indian nations against the commission of
all depredations by the people of the United States
after the ratification of this treaty.' The Indians,
however ignorant, did not believe that the obliga-
tions of this treaty had been complied with.
"If the lands of the white man are taken civiliza-
tion justifies him in resisting the invader. Civiliza-
tion does more than this; it brands him as a coward
and a slave if he submits to the wrong. Here civil-
ization made its eonti act and guarantied the rights
of the weaker party. It did not stand by the guar-
antee. The treaty was broken, but not by the sav-
age. If the savage resists, civilization, with tile ten
commandments i-n ono hand and the sword in the
other, demands his immediate extermination.
" We do not contest the ever-ready argument that
civilisation must not be arrested in its progress by a
handful of savages. V.'e earnestly desae the speedy
settlement, of all our Territories. None are more
anxious than we to see their agricultural and min-
eral wealth developed bynn industrious, thrifty, and
enlightened population. And wo fully recognize the
fact that the Indian must not stand m the way oi
this result. Wo would only be understood, as doubt-
ing the purity and genuineness of that civilization
which roaches its ends by ialsehood and violence,
and dispenses blessings that spring from violated
''^Th'ese Indians saw their formerhomes and hunt-
ing-grounds overrun by a greedy population, thirst-
ing lor gold. They saw their game driven east to
the l.Iains, and soon found themselves the objects oi
jealousy and hatred. The};, too, must go. The pres-
ence of the injured is too often painful to the wrong-
doer, and innocence offensive to the eyes Oi. guilt.
It now became apparent that what had been taken
by force must be retained by the ravisher, anu noth-
ing was left for the Indian but to ratify a treaty con-
secrating the act."
Thus it will be seen that the reservations,
protection of which was guarantied by the
treaty of 1851 "against commission of all
depredations,'' were, in the_ language of the
commission, ''taken possession of by fortune-
seekers against the protest of the Indians;
and that "before 1861 the Indians had been
driven from the mountain region down upon
the waters of the Arkansas, and were becoming
sullen and discontented because of this viola-
tion of their rights."
Were ever rights more unjustly and cruelly
violated, wantonly violated, by "fortune-seek-
ers?" The United States authorities, "bound
to protect," so far as is known, utter no word
of remonstrance. The bitter reproach, in the
language of the commission, is, "if the lands
of the white man are taken civilization justifies
him in resisting the invader. If the savage
resists, civilization, with the ten command-
ments in one hand and the sword in the other,
demands his immediate extermination.''
41st Cong, 2d Sess.—No. 29.
New treaties were made in 1851, by which the
Indians yielded their former possessions, and
agreed to take new homes elsewhere ; and thus,
to quote again from the report of the commis-
sion, "what had been taken by force must
be retained by the ravishers, and nothing was
left for the Indians but to ratify a treaty con-
secrating the act."
By these treaties the Indians were restricted
to narrower limits, with a fresh stipulation that
the nation would protect them " in the quiet
and peaceable possession" of them.
Here again were sundry professions or prom-
ises not to be performed, obligations solemnly
made by the Government not to be kept. A
great and Christian nation on one side, fee-
ble tribes of savages on the other; "glitter-
ing evidences of humanity" professed—duty
and obligation all unperformed by the former,
suffering and death by the latter.
In spite of all this the commission de-
clares, and such is the unquestioned fact, that
these Indians were at peace until 1864. On the
12th of April of that year a conflict took place
which involved the Indians of the plains in a
geneial war, and the nation in an expense of
$40,000,000 in the years 1864 and 1865. The
commission found, as had also a committee
of the Senate in I860, that the war was forced
upon the Indians by designing and unscrupu-
lous men, was conducted with savage ferocity
while the Indians were suing for peace, and
ended in the Chivington massacre.
The Senate committee reporting upon the
war, 1864-65, and the Chivington massacre,
uses this language in regard to Indian wars :
"Second. The committee are of opinion that in a
large majority of eases Indian wars are to be traced
to the aggressions of lawless white men, always to
bo found upon the frontier or boundary line between
savage and civilized life. Such is the statement of
the most experienced officers of the Army, and of
all those who have been long conversant with Indian
affairs.
'' Colonel Bent, who has lived upon the Upper Ark-
ansas, near Bent's Fort, for thirty-six years, states
that in nearly every instaneo difficulties between
Indians and the whites arose from aggressions on
the Indians by the whites. The war with the Sioux,
commencing in 1854, the war with the Araphoes and
C-heyennes in 1865, are traced by him directly to those
aggressions. (Appendix, page 93.)
" Colonel Kit Carson, who has lived upon the plains
and in the mountains since 1826, and has been all
that time well acquainted with the Indian tribes in
peaec and in war, confirms this statement. lie says,
'as a general thing the difficulties arise from aggres-
sions on the part of tho whites. The whites aro
always cursing tho Indians, and aro not willing to do
them justice.'" (Appendix, page 9(3.)
The peace commissioners say:
"To those who reflected on the subject, knowing
tho facts, the war was something more than useless
and expensive—it was dishonorable to the nation
and disgraceful to those who had originated it."
And having been enjoined by the act which
instituted the commission "to remove if pos-
sible the causes of complaint on the part of
the Indians," they say:
"This would he no easy task. "We have done the
best we could under the circumstances, hut it is now
lather Ute in tho day to think of obliterating from
themindsof the present generation the remembrance
of wrong. Among civilized men war usually springs
from a sense of injustice. Thebestpossibleway.theu,
to avoid war is to do no act of injustice. When we
learn that the same rule holds good with Indians,
the chief difficulty is removed. But it is said, Our
wars with them have been almost constant; Dave
we been uniformly unjust?' We answer, unhesitat-
ingly, ' Yes!' We are aware that the masses of our
people have felt kindly toward them, and the legis-
lation of Congress has always been conceived in the
best intentions, but it has been erroneous in fact or
perverted in execution. iSobody pays any attention
to Indian matters. This is a deplorable fact. Mem-
bers of Congress understand the negro question, and
talk learnedly of finance and other problems ol po-
litical economy, but when the progress of settlement
reaches the Indian's home, the only question eon-
sidcred is, how best, to (ret his lands. When they
are obtained the Indian is lost sight of. 4 while our
missionary societies andbenevolent associations have
annually collected thousands of dollars from the char-
itable, to bo sent to Asia and Africa for purposes ot
civilization, scarcely a dollar is expendedoratbought
bestowed on the civilization of Indians at our very
doors. Is it because the Indians are not worth the
effort at civilization? Or is it because our people,
who have grown rich in the occupation of their
former lands—too often taken by force or procured
in fraud—will not contribute ? It would be harsh to
insinuate that covetous eyes have possibly been set
on their remaining possessions, and extermination
harbored as a means of accomplishing it. As we
know that our legislators and nine tenths of our peo-
ple are actuated by no such spirit, would it not be
well to so regulate our future conduct in this matter
as to exclude the possibility of so unfavorable an
inference ? "
It will be observed that from 1851, when the
Indian country was invaded by a "vast stream
of emigration flowing over the western plains,''
to the Chivington massacre in 1865, the In-
dians had been twice treated with for ces-
sions of large portions of their possession, for
privileges of transit across them, for roads and
for military posts ; that the treaty stipulations
with them had been wholly disregarded by
the population gathering in their country;
that the United States had failed to protect
them, and that in tho end they had been involved
in a war dishonorable to the nation and dis-
graceful to those who originated it.
What was next to be done? A new treaty was
to be made, in which the Indians were to accept
new and lesser reservations, with new stipula-
tions for support and protection. This was
done in October, 1865, the Indians agreeing
to accept, in lieu of all, a reservation partly
in southern Kansas and partly in the Indian
territory. The Indians were to reside and
liunt on old hunting grounds. The treaty was
amended in the Senate so as to exclude them
from Kansas and the Indian territory, and left
them absolutely without a home except the
hunting privilege reserved in the treaty.
In commenting upon this transaction the
peace commission remark:
"This transaction, if not illustrative of the manner
in which indian rights are secured by our legislators,
may at least call forgreater vigilance in the future."
These treaties signed, all war ceased, and
travel was secure on the plains. A treaty ren-
dered nugatory by the Senate, and standing for
nothing except possibly a pledge of friendship,
had accomplished what war could not, and Gen-
eral Sherman states that he was able to travel
without escort to the most distant parts of his
command.
These tribes became involved again in war
in the early part of 1867, and which concluded
by treaties with the peace commission in the
autumn of that year. This war, as that of
1805, did not originate with the Indians, but
was brought on by misconception of facts by the
general in command. In concluding a narra-
tive of the facts connected with its origin and
progress the peace commission say :
" Though this recital may prove tedious, it was
thought necessary to guard tho future against the
errors of the past. We would not blunt the vigil-
ance of military men in the Indian country, but we
would v.'arn them against the acts of the selfish and
unprincipled who had to be watched as well as the
Indians. The origin and pfogress of this war are
repeated in nearly all Indian wars; the history of
one will suffice for many. Nor would we be under-
stood as crying a censure of General Hancock for
organizing theoxpedition. Ho had just come to the
department, and circumstances were ingeniously
woven to deceive him."
Thus began and ended the war of 1866 and
1867, which involved the national Treasury in
an expenditure of many million dollars, to say
nothing of the loss and misery consequent
thereon.
The institution of the peace commission in
1867 was in the interests of a peace policy with
the "hostile" tribes. Its immediate success
was complete, and satisfied the expectations of
its most sanguine advocates. At its announce-
ment the hostile tribes suspended hostilities,
and generally indicated a desire to treat for
terms of peace and friendship.
During the latter p_art of 1867 and the fore
part of 1868 treaties were concluded with these
tribes, in harmony with the policy contemplated
by Congress, they agreeing to_ go upon reser-
vations to be set apart for their future homes,
