3352
THB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
Mr. COLE, I wish to state to the chairman
of the committee and the Senate distinctly
that I knew of no such understanding. If I
had, I would not have made any remark.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Vermont.
Mr. MORTON. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 41, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Bayard, Boreman,
Brown low, Buckingham. Cole, Conkling, Corbett,
Davis, Brake, Lilmunds.Ferry, Flanagan, Hamilton
of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Howe,
Johnston, Lewis, McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Mor-
rill of Vermont, Nye, Ogborn, Patterson, Ramsey,
Rice. Robertson, Saulsbury. Sawyer, Scott, Ste.warl,
Stockton, Siimnor, Thayer, Tipton, Trumbull, Vick-
ers. Warner, and Willcy—II.
NAYS—Messrs. Casiasrly, Chandler. Cragin. llar-
lan, Harris, Howell, Ivellogg, Morton, Pratt, Ross,
Schurz. Sherman, Spencer. Spraguo, and Yates—15.
A15SEXT—Messrs. Abbott, Cameron, Carpenter,
Cattell, Fenton, Fowler, Gilbert. Howard, McCreory,
Norton. Pomcroy, Pool,Ileveb,Thurinan, Williams,
and Wilson—16.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I now offer
another amendment from the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds, to enlarge the
grounds surrounding the Capitol. I believe the
Clerk has a copy of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the Senator from Vermont will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to add the following sections to the bill:
And be it further enacted. That the public grounds
surrounding tho Capitol shall be enlarged, (accord-
ing to the plan approved by tho Committees on
Public Buildings of the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives, respectively, which plan is hereby di-
rected to bo deposited m the custody of the Secretary
of the Interior,) by extension between First street <
east and First street west, in the following manner:
northwardly to the south side of north B street, and
southwardly to the north sido of south B street, in-
cluding, in addition to so mneh of the reservations,
avenues, and streets as are necessary for such ex-
tension, the two squares designated on the plan of
the city of Washington as Nos. 687 and 688, respect-
ively.
And be it further enacted. That it shall be the duty
of the Secretary of the Interior to purchase from the
owner or owners thereof, at such price,not exceeding
its actual cash value, as may be mutually agreed on
between the Secretary and such owner or owners,
and not exceeding the appraisal made by the com-
mission of nine in their report to Robert Onld,
United States district attorney for the District of
Columbia, on the 21st day ot January. 1861, sueh
private property as may be necessary for carrying
this act into effect, the value of the property so pur-
chased to be paid to tho owner or owners thereof out
•f any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated on the requisition of said Secretary: Pro-
vided, That before sUch payment shall be made tho
owner or owners of tho property purchased shall, by
good ind sufficient deed or deeds, in due form of
law. and approved By the Attorney General of the
United States, fully release and convey to the United
States all their and each of theirseveral and respect-
ive rights in said titles to such land3 and property so
purchased.
And be & further enacted. That if tho Secretary of
the Interior shall not be able to agree with the owner
or owners of any private property needed for the
purposes of this act upon the price to be paid there-
tor, or if for any other cause he shall be unable to
obtain the title to any such property by mutual
agreement with the owner or owners thereof, itshall
be his duty to make application to thesupremecourt
of the District of Columbia, which court is hereby
authorized and required, upon such application, in
such mode and under such rules and regulations as
it may adopt, to make a just and equitable appraise-
ment of the cash value of the several interests of
•ach and every owner of thereal estate and improve-
ments thereon necessary, to be taken for the public
use, in accordance with the provisions of this act, and
to which the Secretary has been unable to obtain
the title by mutual agreement with the owner or
owners thereof*-
And be it further enacted. That the fee-simple of all
premises so appropriated for public use, of which an
appraisement shall have been made under the order
and direction of said court, shall, upon payment to
the owner or owners respectively of the appraised
Talue, or in case the s lid owner or owners refuse or
r eglect for fifteen day3after the appraisement of the
<*sh value of said lands and improvements by said
tourt to demand the same from the Secretary of the
Interior, upon depositing the said appraised value
i n t he said court to the credit of such owner or own-
cw respectively, be vested in tho United States;
und the Secretary of the Interior is hereby author-
ized and required to pay to the several owner or
owners respectively the appraised value of the sev-
eral premises as specified in the appraisement of
said court, or pay info court by deposit, as herein-
before provided, the said appraised values; and the
sum necessary for such purpose is hereby appropri-
ated out of any moneys in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated.
And be it further enacted. That said court may direct
the timo and manner in which possession of the prop-
erty condemned shall bo taken or delivered, and
may. if necessary, enforco any ordor or issue any
process for giving possession. Tho costs occasioned
by the inquiry and assessment shall be paid by the
United States; and as to other costs which may arise,
they shall be charged or taxed as tho court may
direct.
And be it further enacted, That no delay in making
an assessment of compensation or in taking posses-
sion shall bo occasioned by any doubt which may
arise as to tho ownership of tho property or any part
thereof, or as to tho interests of the respective owners,
but in such oases tho court shall require a deposit of
the money allowed as compensation for tho whole
property or tho part in dispute. In all cases, as soon
as the United States shall have paid tho compensa-
tion assessed, or scoured its payment by a deposit of
money, under tho order of tho court, possession of
tho property may bo taken.
be it further enacted. That tho W ashing ton and
Georgetown Railroad Company and the Metropoli-
tan Railroad Company be, and they aro hereby, re-
quired to remove their tracks, respectively, from the
Capitol grounds, as hereby established, and to run
the same as they may be directed from timo to time
by tho officer in charge of the public buildings and
grounds, as tho grading and filling up of said grounds
may render necessary.
And be it further enacted. That tho sum of $301000 is
hereby appropriated out of any money in tho Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, to be expended by
the direction of the Secretary of the Interior, under
tho supervision of tho architect of the Capitol exten-
sion, in grading, filling up, removing buildings, and
improving the public grounds and streets around the
Capitol, as herein enlarged; and the Secretary of the
Interior is hereby authorized tosell at publio auetion
suck materials in the buildings in squares No. 687 and
688 as are not necessary for the publio works in this
District; and further, that the moneys realized by
such sales shall be applied to tho improvement and
extension of the Capitol grounds.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, this is an old acquaintance of the Senate,
the amendment being almost identical in lan-
guage with a bill that has twice before passed
the Senate almost unanimously. Having been
passed by the Senate daring the war, though it
was deemed proper to complete the Capitol, it
was thought advisable on the part of the House
to wait nntil the Capitol was finished before
final action should be had upon the extension
of the grounds. Senators who have taken
notice of the grounds will see that we owa two
squares now on the west side of the Capitol,
north and south, more than has been hitherto
improved. In order to complete the symmet-
rical form of the grounds it is necessary that
the two squares on the east side should be pur-
chased and incorporated into the grounds, which
will then be none too large for this most beau-
tiful and magnificent building that has been
erected within the last ten years.
' Mr. President, I present this as a measure
of sheer economy. If the Government had
taken these squares when itwas first proposed
to take them they could have been obtained
for one half the price for which they can now
be obtained. The Congress of the United
St&tea from time to time has had this subject
under consideration, and has had all the titles
investigated, with a view of incorporating these
two squares into the Capitol grounds. The
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds
within the last year have had parties to con-
sult with all the proprietors, and have ascer-
tained about what they will be willing to accept
as the price of the property owned by them,
and it is ascertained that it will cost a fraction
over $500,000, if a mutual agreement should
be had. If the squares should be taken pos-
session of under process of law and the land be
condemned, whether it would be appraised at
so much or appraised at more, is beyond the
knowledge of the committee.
But it is so obviously a matter of economy,
that if ever these two squares are to be incor-
porated in the public grounds it should be done
now, that I think it can need no argument. Any
Senator who has ever observed the grounds at
all will at once concede that they will not be
any too large, if large enough, after these two
squares shall have beea purchased and incor-
porated into them. Until this can be done it
is manifestly impossible to properly lay out
and improve the squares we already own. I
do aot desire to occupy further time of the Sen-
ate on the amendment unless it should be neces*
sary in the progress of the debate.
Mr. CORBETT. I should like to ask the
Senator whether the two blocks to which he
has referred are those on either side of the
square in front of the Capitol ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Yes, sir.
Mr. CORBETT, That are now occupied
by buildings?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Yes, sir.
Mr. CORBETT. I understand it is pro-
posed to take one square on each side of the
east front?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It takes the square
where Whitney's corner is and the square
where the Casparis House is on the other
side.
Mr.POMEROY. Does the Government own
any of the land about here?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Government owns
to B street north and B street south now.
They own to B street on each side ; and now
it is proposed to take these other two squares
to B street, the square where the Whitney
House is, and the square where the Casparis
House is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr.Edmunds
in the chair.) The question is on agreeing to
the amendment reported by the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I send to the Chair an
amendment which I move under the direction
of the Committee on Foreign Relations. It is
simply the transfer of a small sum.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senator
will permit, I suggest the propriety now, as the
Senate is full, of acting upon the amendments
of the Committeeon Appropriations which were
postponed until we had a lull Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator let me have
this amendment acted on, which I have sent to
the Chair, now?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Very well, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts will
be reported.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to insert the following:
And be it further cnaatcd. That the unexpended
balance of appropriations on account of the Paris
exhibition of 1867 shall be applied, under the super-
vision of the Secretary of State, to enable citizens of
tho United States to take part in the proposed inter-
national exhibition at London in 1871.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to the
appropriation of a sum of money to carry out
the purpose of that amendment if the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations think it necessary;
but I give notice now that I shall object to the
transfer of appropriations and to the transfer
of balances. It is only a oover for appropria-
tions, and I think from ■ this time forward the
word " transfer " in an appropriation bill ought
to be abandoned or considered as a new appro-
priation, as it undoubtedly is. That ought to
be regarded as a rule. It is merely another
name of appropriating money.. It is commonly
said, " This money is already appropriated
to another purpose* but is not used, and we
might as well turn it over to this purpose."
That is simply a new appropriation of money.
If tho Senator will modify the form of this
amendment, if he will say how much of this
money is unexpended and how much is neces-
sary for the purpose proposed, I may possibly
be willing to vote for an appropriation. I will
give the Senator an illustration. By making a
transfer of a fund I can transfer $40,000,000
without attracting the attention of the Senate.
Mr. SUMNE&. I will make an explanation
which I think will satisfy my friend. The Sen-
ator is aware that there is to be an international
exhibition at London in the coming year, and
that the English Government, through their
minister here, have invited the participation
of American citizens. The Secretary of State
has communicated the correspondence on that
