450
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 2,
Senate.
Indian Appropriation Bill—Mr. Morrill.
41st Cong....2dSess.
and to receive the aid provided in the treaties
for their relief, while acquiring the means of
support in their new mode of life.
' Still, Mr. President, the new policy has not
been a success. Notwithstanding the auspicious
beginning, we have had repeated the conflicts
of 18G4-and 1865 and 1867, with their prodigal
expenditure of treasure, their vicissitudes, and,
I am pained to say, barbarities and cruelties.
Let us see at whose door the fault of failure
is chargeable in this instance ; who has kept
and who broken treaty stipulations; where rea-
sonable expectations have been met and where
not; whether the failure comes from the refusal
of the Indians to comply with their treaty stip-
ulations or whether now, as heretofore, in 1851,
1861,an(' 1860thefaultiselsewhere, or whether
the failure results from the inherent difficulty of
the question. The act contemplated the set-
ting apart of reservations for the homes of the
Indians, to be sanctioned by Cougress. The
peace commission described two reservations
as suited to the uses of the Indians, and recom-
mended that they be dedicated to that use by
Cougress. A portion of (he tribes repaired to
these reservations and others were to follow.
The treaties provided for by the act creating the
commission stipulated for certain support in
their new homes. Other support was to be
given to aid their removal and temporary sub-
sistence. These reservations have not been set
apart by Congress as contemplated, and as the
Indians had good reason to expect, and tlxey
have no guarantee of the Government that they
may not be dispossessed one day, and at the
instance of those desiring these lands.
The treaties, although ratilied and in all re-
spects conformable to the requirements of the
act, have not been executed, and annuities
specifically provided lor, one branch of Con-
gress has persistently refused to appropriate
for.
The cast! is this, the old case with aggra-
vations and fresh provocations: the Indians,
by assurances of now and permanent, homes on
new reservations, with the promise of material
aid for support in their new mode of life, have
relinquished their old possessions and means
of support to find that they have the assurance
of now possessions and the specific provisions
stipulated, ilatly refused by one of tho high
contracting parties. Literally, therefore, they
are without country, or possession, or support,
or the means of support..
If they would return to their old possessions
they are prcoccupicd and held by virtue of then-
part of the contract, and they, weak and im-
potent, arc turned over to their remedy against
a powerful nation. If they would roam over
their old hunting-grounds, pursue the chase to
save themselves and children from starvation,
an arbitrary military order proclaims them out-
laws in the very territory where by tho treaties
it is stipulated for tho purposes of the chase
they may go. Starvation is inevitable in their
uucertaiu and unauthorized now homes if they
remain, and if they depart may bo hunted and
shot like beasts of prey. These Indians re-
paired to these now reservations in the fall and
winter of 18G7, and were to bo supported tempo-
rarily, until tho treaties were ratified and appro-
priations made under them. General Sher-
man in person reported to the proper com-
mittees ot Congress that peaee or war depended
on keeping faith with them. Appropriations
were required early in March, 18t>8. They were
not made until July, and from March to July
the Indians were without supplies from the
Government. The Indian returned to his hunt-
ing-grounds of necessity; the old conflict has
been renewed, aud your Army has been em-
ployed in the pursuit of starving, famishing
Indians whose vagrancy has been rendered
inevitable by the injustice of the Government.
Mr, President, to speak of the Indian war
on the frontier since 1868—of Washita and
Piegan—is but to repeat the massacre of Chiv-
ington, with all its horrors, save only the dis-
gusting mutilations of the dead.
These Indians were invited by the superin-
tendent of Indian affairs to rendezvous near
Port Cobb to be subsisted. It is beyond ques-
tion true that they were anxious to do so; but
it is equally true that while these preparations
were being made a campaign was organizing
to march on these Indians in the direction of
the Washita mountains.
Under date of November 15, 18G8, Thomas
Murphy, superintendent of Indian affairs at
Topeka, writes to the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs "that in all these military movements
I fancy I see another Sand Creek massacre."
On the 29th, E. W. Wynkoop, Indian agent,
en route to Fort Cobb, under orders to congre-
gate the Indians of his agency at Fort Cobb or
vicinity, reports to the Commissioner:
"I have learned of five different columns of troops
on tho field whoso objective point is the Washita
river, tho point to which I am directed to congre-
gate the Indians of my agency. They will readily
respond to my call, but! most certainly refuse to
again be tho instrument of tho murder of innocent
women and children."
As was apprehended, the Indians were
attacked at the Washita. "I know," writes
Wynkoop, "that Black Kettle had proceeded
to the point at which he was killed, with the
understanding that it was the locality where
all those Indians who were friendly were to
assemble."
It was planned in October last by tho mili-
tary authorities to " strike" the Piegan Indians
in Montana the following winter. The inform-
ation in their possession as to this tribe of
Indians was communicated from General Sully,
superintendent of those Indians. He wrote in
August:
"My ronsona for approliondina: trouble are that
war parties of Indians from tho Powder river coun-
try, the British possessions, and from Idaho and
Washington Territories, frequently visit this Teni-
tory and often commit depredations on the whites;
tho whites retaliato by killing any Indians they may
chanco to meet, sometimes in tho most brutal and
cowardly manner. Ioannotnow give you adetailed
aooount of thoso hostilo meetings, which occur fre-
quently.
"There is a white olemont in this oountry which,
from its rowdy and lawless charaoter, cannot bo
excelled in any section; and the trafiic in whisky
with Indians in this Territory is carried on to an
n-larmiiiff extent. This frequently causes alterca-
tions between whites and Indians, resulting often
in bloodshed, and, as they occur in sections of the
Territory where tho civil authorities acknowledge
themselves to bo powerloss to act, nothing but a
military force can at present put a stop to it. Tho
law-abiding citizens of Montana arc anxious tar
poaco and quiot with Indians, and would willingly
Kivo any assistance in their power to aid the author-
ities to carry out tho laws if they wero backed by
force. From reliable reports that I receive daily it
is a wonder to mo that open war with tho Indians
has not broken out already; but as yet only soverat
skirmishes betwoen Indians and soldiers and citi-
zens havo occurred. Goneral Do Trobriand, com-
manding this district, has offered mo every assistance
in his power to enforce the laws; but, as you see,
his force is very small to do much. I intend to do
all I can to arrest some of tho citizens who about ton
days nso committed the cowardly murderof a harm-
less old man, and a boy about fourteen years old, at
I'ort Benton. They were Piegans, (a part of tho
Blackfootnation.) Theselndianswereshotin broad
daylight in the streets of tho town. I think I can
arrest the murderers, but doubt very much if I can
convict them in any court. KTotbiuscan bo dono to
insure peace and order till there is a military force
here strong onouffh to clear out the roughs and
whisky-sellers in tho country; but I will do all lean
with the limited moans in my power to prevent a
war or any serious difficulties between the whites
and Indians."
In a letter addressed to the Adjutant Gen-
eral of the Army, on 21st October last, the
Lieutenant General, commanding the military
division of the Missouri, says:
"I think it would be the best plan to lot mo find
out exactly where these Indians are going to spend
tho winter, and abouttho timo of a good heavy snow
I will senu_ out a party and try and striko them.
About the 15th of January they will be very help-
less," See.
The blow was struck in February last, while
the Piegans were reported to have been afflicted
with small-pox and "helpless." Superin-
tendent Sully reports:
" Colonel Baker's attack was a complete surprise,
and tho punishment be gavo them was ono of the
most severe lessons that Indians have received.
It is perhaps to be regretted, since it was neces-
sary to punish a portion of the Piegans, that Mount-
ain Chief's band was not tho band that suffered. I
refrain from making any comments on the reported
unnecessary and uncalled-for cruelty on the part of
the soldiers."
Mr. Pease, Indian agent, reports to Super-
intendent Sully:
*' Of the ono hundred and seventy-three killed on
the23d thirty-three were men; of these .fifteen only
were such as aro called by thein young or fighting
men; these were between the ages of twelve and
thirty-seven; the remaining eighteen were between
the ages of thirty-seven and seventy; eight of tho
latter were between the ages of sixty and seventy;
ninety were women—thirty-five between the ages of
twelve and thirty-seven, and fifty-five between tho
ages of thirty-seven and seventy; the remaining fifty
were children, none older than twelve years, and
many of them in their mothers' arms. Oat of two
hundred and nineteen belonging to Red Horn's eamp
only forty-six survived; among them aro nine young
men who escaped during tho attack, and five who
wero away hunting. The lives of eighteen women
and nineteen children, (none of them more than threo
years of age, and the majority of them much younger,)
some of whom were wounded, were spared by the sol-
diers. Red Horn himself was killed. At the time of
the attack this camp was suffering severely with
small-pox, having bad it among them for two months,
the average rate of deaths among them having been
six daily."
Thus began and ended the expedition against
the Piegan Indians. Here you have the "ap-
prehension of trouble " of the superintendent,
stated in August to the Department here. The
Indians commit "depredations," and "the
whites retaliate by killing any Indians they may
chance to meet, sometimes in the most brutal
and cowardly manner." Also a statement of
the fact that—
"There is a white element in this country which,
from its rowdy and lawless character, cannot be ex-
celled in any section; and the trafiic in whisky with
Indians in this Territory isearried on to an alarming
extent."
And the further fact of murder by the whites :
" I intend to do all I canto arrest some of the cit-
izens who, about ton days ago, committed the cow-
ardly murder of aharmless old man, and a boy about
fourteen years old, at Port Benton. They wero Pie-
gans, (a part of tho Blackfoot nation.)"
Aud still further, that—
"Nothing can bo dono to insure peace and order
till there is a military force here strong enough to
clear out the roughs and lohisky-sellers in the coun-
try."
Hereupon it ia " planned " at the headquar-
ters in Chicago to strike the Piegan Indians
in the following January, when "they will be
very helpless."
What of the "white element in this coun-
try," whose "rowdy and lawless character
cannot be excelled?" What of the "citizens"
who "committed the cowardly murder of a
harmless old man and boy, Piegans?" What
of the " whisky traffic with Indians, carried on
to an alarming extent with the Indians?"
What of the statement ofSuperintendent Sully,
that "nothing can be done to insure peace
and order till there is a military force here
strong enough to clear out"-—not thelndians,
but "the roughs and whisky-sellersin the coun-
try;" the report of the existence of this des-
perate and lawless "white element," these
cowardly and brutal murders of "a harmless
old man and boy," Indians?
This alarming trafiic in whisky with the In-
dians seems to have made no impression at
Chicago. Apparently it was not taken into
account at all, although these it was that had
created the disorder, and although these it wa.s
that demanded a military force strong enough
to "clear out."
Mr. President, is it not a matter of surprise
that anybody could suppose that here was a
case of war against the Indians? Here was a
law-defying population that needed to be taught
