5240
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
From Athens to New Plymputh. *
From Athens to Pratt's Fork.
From Jasper to Locust.
From Keystone to Ewington.
From Lucasville to Harden.
From Scio to Carrolton.
From Jeddo to Island Creek.
From McCoy's to Knoxville.
From Milford to Belfast.
From Nelsonville to Hawleyville.
From Pomeroy to Athens.
From Hillsboro to Sabina.
From Edgarton to Hicksville.
pennsylvania.
From Horton'sto Brady.
From Osceola to Smith's Mills.
From Scotch Hill to Cookesburg.
From Hanlin's Station to Bethany, in West Vir-
ginia.
Frora Troy Centre to Tyronville.
From FlicksviUe to Penai^il.
From Seidersville to Steinsburg.
From Dixon to Pierceville.
From Warren Centre to Le Raysvills.
From Milroy to Siglcrville.
From Sandy Lake to North Sandy.
From MiUerstown to McKce's Half Falls.
From Ansonville to Lumber City.
From New Millford to Lumber City.
From Edge Hill Station to Prospectville.
From Tobyhanna to South Sterling.
From Zion Hill to Coopersburg.
From Curwinsville io Ansonville.
From Ansonville, via Bloomington, to Curwins-
ville.
From North-Enst to Wattsburg.
From Herrick to Rummerfield.
From Wyalusing to Herrick.
From Russell Hill to Keiseville.
F'rom Coopersburg to Centre Valley.
From Seidersville, via Limeport and Locust Val-
ley. to Coopersburg.
From Petroleum Centre to Cherry Tree.
From Coehranville to Londonderry.
From Lanark to Allentown.
From Trunkeyvilie to Fagundus Forest.
south carolina.
From Jefferson to Brewer Mine.
From Benncttsviilc to Richmond, in North Caro-
lina.
tennessee.
From Shaw's Cross-Roads to the mouth Elk, in
North Carolina.
From Mount Horeb to Massey Creek.
From Sylco to Spring Plum, in Georgia.
From Surgoinsville to Spears.
texas.
From Navosota to Montgomery.
From Linden to Randolph, in Arkansas.
vermont.
From Tinmouth to Wallingford.
From Shoreham to Larrabeo's Point.
From Montouin to North Fayston*
From Plainfield to East Plninfield,
From Rutland to Stockbridge.
virginia.
From Dublin to Muck's Crook.
From Aquia Creek to Richland Mills.
From Nuff's to Callaway's.
Fcom Baynesvilie to Farmer's Fork.
From Christiansville to Whittci's Mills.
Fxorn Shady Giove to Burnt Chimney.
From Bachelor's Hall to Shady Grove.
From Liberty to Otler Hill.
From Hansonville to Biekley's Mills.
"west virginia.
From Pleasant Dale to Smith's Gap.
From Stump's Store to Braxton.
From Slanesville to South Branch Depot.
From Brownstown to Fayette Court-House.
From Red Creek to the mouth of Lenaca.
From Wardensvillo to Columbia Furnace, in Vir-
ginia.
From Buffalo to Point Pleasant..
From Rich Creek to mouth of Pond Creek.
From Upland to Cabell Court-House.
From Ritchie Court-IIouse to Bone Creek.
From Townsencl's Mills to Braxton.
From Cleaden to Clay Court-House.
From Charleston to Bell Creek Church.
From Pennsboro to Coze's Mills.
washington.
From Vancouver to Strong s battle ground.
vhsconsin.
From Decrfxeld to Nara.
Prom Minoruska, in Minnesota, to Augusta.
From Ripon to Oshkosh.
From Belmont to Fennimore.
From Prairie du Chien to De Soto.
From Mineral Point to Blanehardville.
From Sparta to Onlano.
From Green Bay to Eiu Claire.
3^rom Eau Claire to Waukesha.
From St. Paul, in Minnesota, to St. Croix.
From Utica to Slough!on.
From Door Creek to Lake Mills.
From Groutsburg to Trade Lake.
From Nieodah to Sherwood Forest.
From Si. Croix Fall? to Clam River Falls.
From Humbird to StafFordsville.
From Stillwater to Lincoln.
From Menomonee to Erin.
3?rom Glendale to Hillsboro.
From Buffalo City to Augusta.
From Nasawaupec to Sturgeon Bay.
From Viola to Viroqua.
From Diamond Bluff to Ellsworth.
"wyoming.
From Fort Halleck to White river. *
From Laramie City to Cinnebar City.
From Laramie City to Gilman City.
CORRECTION OF TIIE JOUKNAL.
Mr. McCRARY. I rise to a correction of
tlie Journal. On the passage of the joint reso-
lutions reported from the Committee of Elec-
tions in the ease of Barnes vs. Adams, I moved
to reconsider the vote by which they were
adopted, and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table ; which latter
motion was agreed to. It does not appear in
the Journal.
The SPEAKER. Tt does appear in the Jour-
nal, but was omitted in the reading.
OsBRIfcN AND MISSOURI RIVBR RAILROAD.
Mr. SMYTH, of Iowa, from the Committee on
the Public Lands, reported back a bill (H. 11.
No. 5G0) to amend an actentitled "An act for a
grant of lands to the State of Iowa in alternate
sections, to aid in the construction of a rail-
road in said State," approved Ivlay 12, 18G4,
and to grant lands in the construction of a
railroad from 0'33rien county, Iowa, to the
Missouri river, with an amendment in the
nature of a substitute 5 which were ordered to
be printed and recommitted.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was recommitted j and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was ogreea to,
BUSINESS OF JUDICIARY COMMITTED.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask unanimous consent
of the House that the Committee on the Judi-
ciary be allowed a day after the morning hour
in which to make reports. To-morrow or next
day will do; but I will move first for to-morrow.
Mr. BURR. I object to that.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman will allow
mc to put through a small deficiency bill I will
not object.
Mr. BINGTIAiJ. I agree to that.
DEFICIENCY A P P110 Pill A T10 N LILT,,
Mr. DAWES. Then I ask leave to report
from the Committee on Appropriations a bill
(II. R. Ko. 2309) making additional appropri-
ations, and to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priations for the fiscal years ending June 00,
1870, and June SO, 1871, and for other pur-
poses.
There being no objection, the bill was re-
ceived, and read a first and second time.
Mr. DAWES. I now move that the bill be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and made a special order
for to-morrow, and from day to da}' until dis-
posed of.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to reserve all
points of order on the bill.
The question was put on Mr. Dawes's mo-
tion, and it was agreed to.
BUSINESS OF JUDICIARY COMMITTEE.
Mr. BINGrHAM. I now move that to-mor-
row, after the morning hour, be assigned, ex-
cept so much time as may be occupied by the
deficiency bill, to reports from the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. DAWES. Before I agree to that, I wish
to inquire whether unanimous consent will be
necessary to bring up a conference report.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would hold
that unanimous consent is not necessary. A
conference report is so highly privileged a ques-
tion that it may even be made during a call of
the House.
Mr. BURR. I desire to state to the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] that the chair-
man ofthe sub-CommitteeofElections. of which
I am a member, gave notice some time ago
that to-morrow he would call up the contested-
election case of Switzler vs. I>yer- I should
not like to agree to the motion of the gentle-
man from Ohio in the absence of the chairman
of our sub-committee.
Mr. BINGHAM. After what has been stated
by the gentleman from Illinois, I will ask ior
Friday. I move that Friday, after the morning
hour, be assigned to the Committee on the
Judiciary for reports.
Objection was made.
Mr. BINGHAM. , Then I move to suspend
the rales.
TUCKER "VS. BOOKER VAY .OF CONTESTANT.
The SPEAKER. A motion having been
made to suspend the rulesf brings on the reg-
ular order, there being a previous motion pend-
ing to suspend the rules, on the resolution for
the pay of the contestant in the contested-elec-
tion case of Tucker iw. Booker, from tbefourth
congressional district of Virginia, on which the
yeas and nays had been ordered. The Clerk
will report the resolution.
The Clerk read as follows:
Itesolved, That there be paid to George Tucker out
of the contingent fund of tho House of Representa-
tives the sum of $2,000, in full for his expenses in said
contest.
The question was taken; and there were—
yeas 80, nays 45, not voting 104; as follows:
YFAS— Messrs. Allison, Ames. Atwood, Beatty,
Bennett, Bingham, Boles, Boyd, George M. Brooks,
Buckley. Burr, Benjamin F. Butler, Cake, Cessna,
Churchill, William X. Clark, Atnasa Cobb. Cullom,
Dawes, Duval, Dyer* Ferriss, Fisher, Fitch. Hale.
Harris, Hoar, Jenckes, Johnson, Julian, Kelley,
Perce, Poland, Pomoroy, Porter, Prosser, Randal],
Rogers, Snrgcnt, Scofield, Porter Sheldon, John
A. Smith,-William J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith,
William Smyth, Starkweather, Stevenson, Stokes,
Stoughton. Stwckland, Talfe, Tillman, Townsend,
Twiehell, Tyner. Upson,Van Wyek.Wallace,William
B. Washburn, Wheeier.Whitmore. Williams, Eugene
M. Wilson. John T. Wilson, and Winans—80.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Asper, Benjamin, Biggs,
Bird, Blair. Buffinton, Calkin, Conger, Cox, Crebs.
Davis, Dickinson, EJdridge, Ferry, Finkelnburg,
Fox, Getz, Griswold, Hamili, Ilawley, llays, Hill,
Holman, Ketcham, Lash, Lewis, Loughridgo, May-
ham, McNeely, Orth, Peck, Reeves, Schumaker,
Sherrod, Stiles, Sweeney, Trimble, Van Trump,
Ward, Cadwaiader C. Washburn, Welker.Wells, Win-
chester, and Wood—45.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Arm-
strong, ArneU, Axtell, Ayer, Bailey, Banks, Bar'
num, Barry, Beaman, Beck. Benton, Booker, Bowen,
James Brooks, Buck, Burehard, Burdett, Roderick
R. Butler, Sidney Clarke, Cleveland, Clinton L.
Cobb, Coburn, Conner, Cook, Covode, Cowles, Dege-
ner. Dickey, Dixon, Dockery, Donley, Dox, Ela,
Farnsworth, Garfield,Gibson, Gillillan, Kaight, Hal-
deman, Hambleton, Hamilton, Hawkins, Hay, Hef-
lin, Hoge, Hooper, Hotehkiss, Ingersoll, Alexander
H. Jones, Thomas L. Jones, Judd. Kellogg. Kelses*
Kerr, Knott, Laflin, Lawrence, Lynch, Marshall,
McCormick, McGrow, Milnes, Jesse H. Moore, Mor-
phis, Daniel J. Morreli, Samuel P. Morrill, Morris-
sey. Mungen, Negley, Newsham, Kiblack, Packer,
Paine, Peters, Phelps, Piatt, Potter, Rice, Ridgwav,
Roots, Sanford. Sawyer, Schenck, Shanks, Lionel A.
Sheldon, Shober, Sloc"um, Joseph S. Smith, Stevens,
Stone, Strader, Strong, Swann, Tanner, Taylor,Van
Aukcn, Van Horn, Voorhees, Wilkinson, Willard,
Witch or, and Woodward—104.
So (twothirds nothaving voted affirmatively)
the rules were not suspended.
BUSINESS OF JUDICIARY C03IMITTEK
Mr. BINGHAM. I renew my motion to
suspend the rules tbat the Committee on the
Judiciary may be assigned Friday of this week
alter the morning hour for the purpose of
making reports.
The question was put; and there were, on a
division—ayes 92, noes 2o.
So (two thirds having voted in favor thereof)
the rules were suspended, and the motion was
agreed to.
JIEIU VS. JULIAN.
_ Mr. CESSNA. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I present the report of the Committee
of Elections on the contested-election ease of
Ileid vs. Julian, from the fourth district of
Indiana.
The SPEAKER. The resolutions will be
read.
The Cleric read as follows:
. llesolved, XUat John S. Keid was not eleoted and
is not entitled to a seat as a member of this House
