1869.
THi COMGBESSiOTAL GLOBE.
15^
injustice by rej o.ctAng items charged against the Gov-
ernment-ill said accounts amounting to a largo sum
of money.; and whereas the said accounting officers
have closed the said account since the death of said
Caldwell ill" the absence of the said executor, and
without affording him an opportunity to produce
evidence to sustain the items so rejected, and they
now refuse to open said accounts or to hear testi-
mony on the part of said executor to sustain the
Hems charged therein and rejected as aforesaid:
Therefore,
Resolved, That this subject be referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, who are hereby instructed
to inquire into the grievances so complained of by
the said executor and ascertain whether injustice
has been done the estate of said Alfred Caldwell,
deceased, in the settlement of his accounts as such
consul; and if so, that they report a bill providing
for remedying the injustice so done.
Mr. PAINE. I shall be obliged to object
to that resolution unless the preamble is so
amended as not to commit the House to an
expression of opinion that injustice has been
done. If the preamble is so amended I shall
not object.
Mr. DUVAL. I consent to withdraw the
preamble.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
that the gentleman from West Virginia with-
draw the resolution for the present with a view
to modifying it.
Mr. DUVAL. I shall do so.
LAND GRANTS TO MICHIGAN.
Mr. STRICKLAND, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Mesolved, That tho Commissioner of the General
LandOlficeberequestedto inform this House whether
certain lands granted to the State of. Michigan in
Juno, 1850. to aid in tho construction of a railroad
from Grand Haven to Flint hare been accepted by
any company, and if so by what company and whon
so accoptcd; and if not legally accepted by any com-
pany, what action is necessary to restore such lands
to market.
CAPTURE OF JEFFERSON DAVIS.
Mr. STOUGHTON, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Hemlved, That tho Secretary of War bo directed to
furnish informal ion to this House in relation to tho
payment, of tho bounty for tho capture of Jefferson
Davis, allowed by act of Congress of July 27,18iiS;
what proportion thereof has boon paid to commis-
sioned officers, and what proportion to enlisted men:
whether any application for shares thereof are now
on ftlo and uncfocided, and whether any additional
legislation is nooossary before a final settlement and
distribution can bo made.
JAPAN INDEMNITY.
Mr. SCOEIELD, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of tho Treasury bo
requested to inform this llonso whother tho sum of
$600,000 in gold, paid the United States as indemnity
for aggressions upon our commerce, pursuant to tho
stipulations of a treaty with Japan of tho 22d Octo-
ber, 1804, lias been covered into tho Treasury, and if
not, what disposition has been made of tho same, in
charge of whatBepartment it remains, or if invested
in Government securities to what use or purpose tho
interest thereon has been applied.
SPECIE PAYMENTS.
Mr. PROSSER, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 688) entitled an
act to provide for specie payments, and for other
purposes ; which was read a first and second
time,' referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
TENNESSEE AND COOSA RAILROAD.
Mr. DOX, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 589) to revive an act
approved 3d June, 1850, and continuing the
benefits of the grant of public lands thereby
made for the use of the Tennessee and Coosa
railroad, in the State of Alabama ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Public Lands.
REMOVAL OF POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. DOX also, by unanimous consent,
introduced bills of the following titles; which
were severally read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Reconstruc-
tion:
A bill (H. R. No. 590) entitled an act
removing all political disabilities imposed by
thefourteenth amendment of the Constitution
of the United States; and
A bill (H. R. No. 591) removing disabilities
imposed by the fourteenth amendment of the
Constitution of theUnited States from persons
holding offices .before the late rebellion in the
State of Alabama, known as district, county,
city, and town offices in said State.
INDIAN LANDS.
Mr. CLARKE, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, and referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs:
Resolved, That in the judwnent of this House
whenever public lauds of the United States bedisin-
eumbered of Indian titles saidlands s-houldbe imme-
diately open to settlement under existing laws, or
under suoh rules and regulations as Congress may
prescribo; and that the ealo of Indian lands to cor-
porations and settlers by treaty stipulations is con-
trary to sound publicpolieyana in derogation of the
rights of tho masses of the people ; and it is hereby
declared that this House will refuse hereafter to
make any appropriations to carry out the provisions
of Indian treaties in which the terms of this resolu-
tion are not adhered to.
BONDS LOANED TO RAILROAD COMPANIES,
Mr. MUNGEN. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
instructed to communicate to this House tho amount
of Government bonds loaned by the Government to
railroad companies which had been received from
national banks and held by tho Comptroller of the
Treasury, and by t, lie Treasurer of the united States,
as socurity for circulation on deposit: specifying the
amount so received which were issued or loaned to
each, giving the name of said railroad companies
and the name and location of the bank from which
fhoy were received; and also what security, if any, is
hold for the bonds so loaned.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I ob-
ject, on the ground that we obtained the same
information last session.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. HOLMAN, leave was
granted for the withdrawal from the files of the
House of the papers in the case of Alexander
Moffatt, of the District of Columbia, copies
being left.
HARBOR OF REFUGE ON LAKE IICRON.
Mr. CONGER, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That tho Committee on Commerce bo
instructed to inquire into tho necessity and expe-
diency of constructing a harbor of refuge on tho
shores of Lako Huron, at some place between Point
au Barques and tho St. Clair rivor, in the State of
Michigan, and to report thereon to this House by
bill or otherwise.
MKSSACIE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. McDon-
ald, its Chief Clerk, informed the House that
tho Senate had concurred in the resolution of
the House proposing an adjournment of the
two Houses from Wednesday, tho 22d of
December, to Wednesday, the 5th of January
next, without amendment.
TAX ON NATIONAL BANKS.
Mr. DYER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (II. R. No. 592) to increase the tax
on circulation, deposits, and average amount
of capital stock beyond the amount invested in
United States bonds of national banks, and to
provide for its collection; which was read a
first and second time.
Mr. DYER. I move that the bill bo referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means, and
printed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that it
be referred to the Committee on Banking and
Currency, and printed.
The motion of Mr. Garfield, of Ohio, was
agreed to.
PUBLIC LANDS IN CERTAIN STATES.
Mr. ARNELL submitted the following res-
olution ; which was read, considered, and
adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be
directed to furnish to this House the number of
acres of public lands belonging to the United States
ill the States of Virginia, West Virginia, Korth Car-
olina, South Carolina, Georgia, luorida, Alabama,
Mississippi, Louisiana, Texas, Kentucky, Missouri,
Arkansas, and Tennessee now remaining unappro-
priated.  
ACCIDENTS IN MINES.
Mr. HAY. I ask unanimous consent to
submit for consideration at this time the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee onMincs and Min-
ing be authorized and instructed to investigate into
tho causes which occasioned the late horrible acci-
dent in tho Avondale mine, in the State of Pennsyl-
vania, whereby one hundred and ten human lives
were lost; and, if there be power under the Constitu-
tion, to report a bill to this House embodying such
provisions as will, so far as practicable, prevent the
occurrence of accidents of a similar character in the
coal mines throughout the country. And that the
committee be also requested to consider and report
to tho House the propriety of the creation by this
House of a committee to be called the Committee of
Public Safety, whose duty shall be to investigate
into the causes of all accidents whereby human life
is endangered or lost, and to recommend such legis-
lation as may be deemed necessary to provide against
the happening of the same, and to punish such per-
son or persons by whose negligence or carelessness
they may be occasioned.
Mr. COX. I object to this resolution.
Some time subsequently
Mr. COX said: I am informed by the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Hay] that his reso-
lution is one of inquiry merely. I will there-
fore withdraw my objection.
The SPEAKER. Is there further objection?
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Letthereso
lution be read again.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I will not
object if the words " authorized and directed "
be changed to "requested."
Mr. HAY. I have employed the customary
phraseology in resolutions of this character.
Mr. SARGENT. How is the investigation
to be conducted by the Committee on Mines
and Mining? The resolution does not author-
ize the committee to send for persons and
papers, and all the committee could do would
be to collect newspaper reports.
Mr. HAY. The committee could determine
what to do.
Mr. SARGENT. Not at all; their only
authority must be conferred by the House.
Mr. KERR. I object to the resolution.
Mr. SCOPIELD. I move to reconsider the
various votes of reference this morning; and
also move to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. MOORE, of Ohio. I call for the regu-
lar order of business.
OSWEGO HARBOR.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Secretary of
War, submitting the report of the chief of engi-
neers upon the public works andimprovements
in the harbor of Oswego, in the State of New
York; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
COLONEL WILLIAM A. HOWARD.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of War, submitting
to tho House the claim of William A. Howard
for pay as colonel of the regiment of New York
marine artillery, and as colonel of the thir-
teenth regiment of New York heavy artillery;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
RYAN HITCHCOCK MARINE FORTIFICATION.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of War, transmitting
to the House of Representatives the report of
the General of the Army upon the utility and
practicability of the Ryan Hitchcock mode of
marine fortification, called for by the joint
resolution of February 19, 1869; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
INDIAN HOSTILITIES IN CALIFORNIA.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
