1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOM
2409
and matured into lafr after the tfar had really
commenced, although it was not technically
declared. The committee will recollect—or
those of ns who were here at thdt time—the
circumstances utlder which the duty upon sugar
was fixed at that time. Louisiana was not rep-
resented here by her members, and was not
standing in an attitude before this House to
entitle her to any very favorable consideration.
Gentlemen who were here with us at that tifne
will recollect how far that consideration oper-
ated toward this reduced rate of duty upon
sugar. I am not complaining. I am not inti-
mating that it was not perfectly tight. Under
the circumstances of the case I think it \touId
have been just to have withdrawn the duty
altogether, and let those people see and feel
how far tliey were dependfeht for their material
interests upon the fostering care and protection
they had from the Government. But the mo-
tives and reasons which operated at that day
have, in the subsequent eveiits Of the country,
passed awaj', and we now stand in a very differ-
ent attitude from that Which we occupied in the
winter of 18G0-61.
I have here a table showing the amount of
raw sugar imported into the United States from
1850 to 1801, both years inclusive, with the per-
centage of Louisiana sugar. It is as follows:
Comparative statement of ram sugar imported into the
United States from the year 1S50 to 1861, both years
inclusive; also.thetveightof the Louisiana sugar sup-
ply and the proportions which it bore to the whole
national consumption of raw sugar.
IiaW Jjoilisiana Per
sugar. supply. cent.
1850—pound s 465,672,232 247,923,000 40
1851—pound s 579,627,22;) 211,307,000 30
1852—ton s  198,558 118,C59 37
]853—tons  200,610 172,379 46
1854—ton s  150,854 230,444 GO
1855—ton s  192,054 185,198 46
1850—tona  255,292 123,468 32
1857—ton s  211,763 30,000 10
1858—ton s  2i4,7(i6 143,631: 36
185'J—tons  239,034 192,150 44
1860—ton s  347,C04 130,503 27
1861—ton s  237,500 262,500 52
Now, I submit that this sugar interest is one
which we ought to encourage and build up;
and I also submit thstt the duty which we gave
to that interfest in 1842, under the Clay and
Fillmore tariff, a Whig tariff, and which was
not extravagant and excessive then, is not
excessive now. I trust the House will deal
with this subject in the spirit which it has gen-
erally exhibited with reference to building up
the material interests of the southern States,
of which, after cotton, this is perhaps the prin-
cipal one. I trust, therefore, that the amend-
ment of my friend from Louisiana [Mr. Shel-
don] will be considered for a moment, because
i am sure that is all that is needed in order to
secure its adoption.
[Here the hammer fell,]
The amendment to the amendment was with-
drawn.
Mr. ALLISON. I renew the amendment to
the amendment. I desire to say but a word or
two more u^on this question of sugar. The
chairman ot the Committee of Ways and
Means [Mr. Schenok] complains of me that
by my amendment I propose to confine raw
sugars with 2 per cent, duty to No. 12. Dutch
standard, while the proposition of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means will allow to come
in a large class of sugar that wonH be pro-
hibited by my amendment. Now, I confess
that it is not particularly with reference to this
class of sugar that my auiendment is intended
to apply, except in connection with the next
paragraph. It is the next paragraph to which
I particularly object. How, if we are to give
any class of persons, except the consumers,
the benefit of 1 cent h poutid in the duty on
sugar, I confess I would ratlicr g« with my
friend from Louisiana, [Mr. Sheldon,] and put
raw sugars at 2J cents per pound, and give the
benefit to the producers of raw sugar in Lou-
isiana rather than to the rcfiner3 of New Ytirk,
Philadelphia, and other large cities 5 because
the refiners are only about fifty in number, while
the producers of sugar are a very large num-
ber, and not wealthy people either. But what
I am for is to reduce the price Of sugar to con-
sumers. I therefore object to this paragraph
in connection with the next paragraph, which
proposes to refix the duty on clarified sugar at
3 cents per pound, the very sugar that fcdtnete
in competition with tile higher grades of r£lw
sugars, &e. I have here the statement of these
refiners, from which I will read what tlley them-
selves ask:
"On all sugars imported from foreign countries
abovo No. 13, Dutch standard in cftlor, [one num-
ber higherthan is proposed by the committee,] which
have in the process of making been boiled in, a
vacuum pan, pureed in a centrifugal machine, or by
a centrifugal proc&ss, or filtered through aniihal or
bone-black orits equivalent, shall bo levied, col-
lected, and paid hall a cent per pound more than
the duties hereby imposed upon sugars made by the
old or open pan process of the same number Dutch
standard in color."
They ask half a cent pet- pound additional,
diid the committee give them 1 cent additional
upoti this 937jOOOjOOO pounds of sugar that
comeiti atNo. 12, Dutch standard, at the faost.
More than nine tenths of all tlie sugar irit ported
comes in at No. i2 and under of Dutch
standard irl colot; and more than nine tenths
of all the Sugar used by refiners are of these
coarser kinds that are to be admitted at 2
cents per pound. Then, when wo corrie' to
sugars that fcomc in competition with the sugars
made by the refiners they are to be charged a
duty of 1 cent additional, when the rentiers
themselves say they want only half a cent of duty
additional. Sow, sir, I should be perfectly will-
ing that this first paragraph in the form proposed
by the committee should be adopted but for the
fact, that when wo have assented to this it is
claimed that we must give the additional duty
of 1 eent_ a pound in order to protect the
sugar refiners. I desire that this classification,
which is just to all sections, shall be tetained;
and if we are to retain the classification wc
must begin here and now. I do not know
whether I make myself fully understood, but
the matter seems to mo perfectly clear; and I
desire to enter my protest as a member of the
House against such a change in this duty 011
sugar as will inure to the benefit of the refiners
chiefly rather than the consumers.
Mr. SCHENCK. "Sufficient unto the day
is the evil thereof." The more the gentleman
from Iowa considers this matter the better
satisfied ho is that the Committee of Ways
and Means has done right so far as this first
paragraph is concerned ; but there is some-
thing in a subsequent paragraph to which he
objects. Well, when we come to that point
we will hear his objection.
It is apparently true, as the gentleman says,
that we Lave given more upon clarified sugar
than, according to his plan, should be giveii;
but why ? Because we have enlarged the
classes of sugar coming in at a duty of 2
cents, which these refiners do not want. Their
classification makfes three kinds of Muscovado
sugar: Muscovado not above No. 12, Dutch
standard, 2} cents per pound; Muscovado
above No. 12 and not above No, 15, Dutch
standard, 3 cents per fiound; Muscovado above
No. 15 and not abovo No. 20, Dutch standard,
3J cents per pound. Wo propose to bring all
raw or Muscovado sugars down to 2 cents per
pound for the simple reason that it is true,
whatever gentlemen may think to the contrary,
that there are large classes of the people who
are content to use sugar without any refining
at all if they can get it cheaply enough and if
the manufacturers can be encouraged to make
it sufficiently fine by a lower rate of duty.
Mr. REIIR. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, sir.
Mr. KERR. I would like the gentleman to
state to the House the kinds of sugar which
are intended to be embraced in these words of
the bill: "and on all other sugars not above
No. 12, Dutch standard in color."
Mr. SCHENCK. _ The intention is that all
raw sugar of every kind, that is all sugar which
comes in without having dhdergone any second-
ary process, shall be put down to 2 cents a
pound; and that all other sugars,• whether im-
proved by clarifying, refining, or in any other
way, if they have not been carried above a cer-
tain standard, shall be classed virtually as raw
sugars. If we omitted that provision and de-
fined clarified sugars td be those which begin
at No. 12 and go up, it might be said that°no
ptbvision was tnadfe fdr those g&gafs below No.
12 which had been subjSeted to s'ome second-
ary process. Therefore, to av&id any such
misinterpretation, we say that any sugars which
have becii subjected to a secondary process of
irtiprovetaent by refining, purifying, filtering,
or any other manner, if they have not been
raised above a certain standard, shall be treated
as rstw sugars, and shall come in at the lowest
rate Of duty, that is, 2 cents a pound.
Mi-. KERR. If tio sugar can come in now
as ra\V sugat that has not undergone some
secondary process) why do the coitmittee pro-
pose this distinction of raw sugar at all?
Mr. SCHENCK. Eor the simple reason that
as the provision is now, and as the gentleman
from Iowa proposes to make it, all sugar not
above No. 12, Dutch standard in colof, will
come in at 2 cents a pound. All sugar as raw
sugar should pay more if above that standard
as well as rfefined sugar. It is necessary some
provision should be made for refined sugar
which may be belofa No. 12 even on our sched-
ule. We provide, if not above No. 12, although
they may have undergone the secondary pro-
cess, they shall be classified with raw sugar.
It seems to me language Cannot be' plainer.
Mr. KERR. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a question ?
Mr. SCHENCK. Certainly.
Mr. KERR. In order to determine the value
of this addition to the bill I ask the gentleman
from Ohio to tell the House what amount of
sugar will come into the country under it.
Mr: SCHENCK. Not a great deal.
Mr. KERR. Does the gentleman know that
any will come in at all?
Mr, SCHENCK. Yes, sir. If none come
in, then flie amendment will do no harm ; but.
if there is a pound of it, then it will do good.
When I said "not a great deal would came in"
I of course meant not a great deal compared
with millions of other sugars that come in.
Mr. KERR. If there is none, I submit this
addition to the bill may do harm by pretending
there is some when really there is none.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 have said nothing of the
kind, nor is this a mere pretense. Not a great
deal'of this sugar will come in; nothing in pro-
portion to the millions of other classes of sugar.
1 do not admit that none will come in at all.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I beg to
correct the gentleman from Indiana by stating
that the boxes of sugar which come in from
Cuba of lower quality, so many boxes of which
come into this country, are what are referred
to as not raw or Muscovado.
Mr. KERR. How are they made of higher
grade than raw if they do not go through the
secondary process?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. They go
through various processes. They are clayed.
They are known as " clayed" sugars.
Mr. KERB. They are provided for in sub-
sequent parts Of the bill.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. No, sir ;
sugars above No. 12, Dutch standard, are pro-
vided for in subsequent parts of the bill,
Mr. KERR. Why is it in the classification
of imported sugars there is 110 account taken
of the kind of sugar now referred to 7 Are there
any other kinds of sugars which do not come
in under the general designation of raw or
Muscovado;
message tkom mie president.
The committee informally rope; and ihe
Speaker having reshriied the ehait. a message
in writing was received from the President ot
the United States by Mr. Hoeace P01vrr.11. .me
of his secretaries.
