1870.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
451
41st Cong....2d Sess.
:Tax and Tariff Bill—Mr. Winans.
Ho. of Reps.
the supremacy of the law and made obedient
to its command. Here was murder unpun-
ished, and the murderers at large and defiant.
Here was the cause of "murders," "alterca-
tions," "bloodshed," and " the civil author-
ities powerless." It was a simple and obvious
case of enforcement of the laws, and no case
for the interposition of the military, except to
aid in their execution. It was the duty of the
civil authorities to "clear out the roughs and
whisky-sellers," and the province of the Army
to aid them in their efforts, if required so to do.
What is being enacted on the plains, and
what has been enacted there since our popula-
tion took forcible possession of the Indian
country in 1851, has been in no proper sense
war. It has lacked the cause, the motive, and
the parties to constitute war in any just con-
ception of war as a remedy. It lacks the eause,
as the nation is the aggressor; the motive, as
the progress of our civilization is irresistible ;
the parties, as from the feeble and defenseless
condition of the scattered tribes they are no
match for us, and especially as they are within
our limits and jurisdiction, and may be prop-
erly subjected to our civil power. There is
but one party, and that the nation, and its
remedies are properly through the laws, and
not by the sword.
What we are witnessing on our border is a
conflict, perpetualhithertoin ourhistory, a con-
flict of settlement with the native man, in which
the former demands the abdication of the latter.
This revolting spectacle of intolerant exclu-
sion has been inexorable from the beginning.
There is now no further retreat for the Indian;
penned in on all sides on the plains, he must
be protected by our laws or perish by the sword.
Excluded from civilized communities by an
unwise, illiberal, and unjust public policy, his
rights of person and his possessions disre-
garded by the populations that gather upon the
frontier, the Army is employed to "execute
fierce vengeance" on the Indian, whom the
national traditions pronounce indocile and
obdurate, and for whose extinction the de-
mands of an aggressive and eager border set-
tlement clamor. One thing is demanded of
the nation and by the exigencies of the Indian,
and that is the substitution of civil authority
for the sword, of government for the Army.
Establish a territorial government over and
for the three hundred thousand Indians that
remain of once powerful nations, with powers
adequate alike for protection and subjection,
and the Indian problem is solved, and in a
way consistent with the nation's honor, inter-
ests, and humanity.
To this policy we were committed by the
action of Congress in 1867, in the institution
of the peace commission, with power to select
reservations or districts of country, as and for
the permanent home of the Indians, with
guarantees for their protection and support, to
start them in the new mode of life contem-
plated :
"Ueit enacieclbytJie Senate and House of Representa-
tivef of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the President of the United StatC3 be, and
heis hereby, authorized, lo appoint a commission to
consist oi' throe officers of the Army not below the
rank of biigadier general, who, together with N. G.
Taylor, Commissioner of Indian Affairs, John B.
Henderson, chairman of tho Committee of Indian
Aliairs of the Senate, S. 8. Tappan, and John 13.
Sanborn, shall have power and authority to call to-
gether the chiefs and headmen of such hands or
t ubes of Indians as arc now waging war against tho
United States or committing depredations upon the
people thereof, to ascertain the alleged reasons for
their acts of hostility, and in their discretion, under
the direction ot thePresident, to make and conclude
with ?.ud bands or tubes such treaty stipulations,
subject to the action of the Senate, as may remove
all juct causes of complaint on their part, and at tho
same time establish security for person and property
alone: the lines of railroad now being constructed to
the Pacific and other thoroughfares of travel to the
western Territories, and such as will most likely
insure civilization for the Indians and peace and
safety for the whites.
" Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That said com-
missioners are required to examine and select a dis-
trict or districts of country having sufficient area to
receive all the Indian tribes now occupying territory
east of tho Rocky mountains, not now peacefully
residing on permanent reservations under treaty
stipulations, to which the Government has the right
of occupation, or to which said commissioners can
obtain the right of occupation, and in which district
or districts there shall be sufficient tillable or graz-
ing land to enable the said tribes respectively to sup-
port themselves by agricultural and pastoral pursuits.
Said district or districts, when so selected and the
selection approved by Congress, shall be and remain
permanent homes for said Indians to be located
thereon; and no persons not members of said tribes
shall ever be permitted to enter thereon without the
permission of the tribes interested, except officers
and employes of the United States: Provided, That
the district or districts shall be so located as not to
interfere with travel on highways located by author-
ity of the United States, nor with the route of the
i Northern Pacificrailroad.theUnionPacificrailroad,
! the Union Pacific railroad eastern division, or the
i proposed route of the Atlantic and Pacific railroad
| by the way of Albuquerque."
! The "reservations" have already been des-
| ignated by the authority of Congress, treaties
! also, alike by its authority, providing for their
removal and support. A general and lasting
peace with the Indians awaits only the devel-
opment of the policy contemplated by Congress
in 1867, the execution of the treaties made by
its authority. In the language of the peace
commission:
" But one thing theniemains to be dono with honor
to the nation, and that is to select a district or dis-
tricts of country, as indicated by Congress, on which
all the tribes east of the Rocky mountains may be
gathered. For each district let a territorial govern-
ment be established, with powers adapted t,o the ends
designod. Tho Governor should be a man of unques-
tioned integrity and purity of character; he should
bo paid such salary as to place him above temptation;
such police or military force should be authorized as
would enable him to command rcspect and keep the
pcacc; agriculture and manufactures should be in-
troduced among them as rapidly as possible; schools
should bo established which the children should be
required to attend; their barbarous dialects should be
blotted out and the English language substituted.
Congress may from time to time establish courts and
other institutions of government suited to the condi-
tion of the people. At first it may be a strong mili-
tary government; let it be so if thought proper, and
let offendersbe tried by military law until civil courts
would answer a better purpose. Let farmers and
mechanics, millers and engineers, be employed and
sent among them for purposes of instruction; then
let us invite our benevolent societies and missionary
associations to this field of philanthropy nearer home.
The object of greatest solicitude should bo to break
down the prejudices of tribe among tho Indians;
to Mot out tho boundary lines which divide them into
distinct nations,andfuse them into one homogeneous
mass. Uniformity of language will do this; nothing
else will. As this work advances each head of tho
family should be encouraged to select and improve
a homestead, Let the women be taught to weave, to
sew,andtoknit. Letpolygamy be punished. Encour-
age the building of dwellings, and tbegathcring there
of those comforts which endear the homo."
Our hesitation and neglect to execute with
promptitude and fidelity what was proposed
and stipulated for, and what the Indians had a
right to expect, has given us two years of need-
less, bloody, and costly conflict on the plains.
General Sherman, himself a party in the nego-
tiations with the Indians and afterward in com-
mand of the Indian department, attributed
the outbreak of 1868 to the failure of Congress
promptly to make the needful appropriations to
carry into effect the stipulations of the peace
commission. The superintendent of Indian
affairs, on the spot, in December reported:
" Had Congress at its last session appropriated
sufficient funds to continue the feeding of these
Indians last June 1 believe we could have kept them
at peace, rind that by this time they would have been
quietly located on their new reservations, where wc
could control and manage them and gradually wean
them from their wild and wandering life, and in doing
which it would riot have cost the Government as much
per year as it is now costing per month to fight them,
and this course would have been lar more humane
and becoming a magnanimous and Christian na-
tion."
Mr. President, consistent with the honor and
faith of the nation, with the peace policy so
auspiciously inaugurated by the executive ad-
ministration, there can be no issue with the
" policy of the peace commission." Most of
all can such issue be raised by Congress in
the face of its own record. I may be allowed
to say that I fail to comprehend the grounds
of what I see stated as—
41 The substantial difference between tho present
Indian policy which was carried out by the bill of
the House and the new policy which is proposed to
be set on foot by this peace commission.
Nor is this perplexity relieved as to the
reason f <r a " difference" with the u new peace
policy of the peace commission" by the sub-
sequent statement of one so competent to give
advice, to state and explain a "difference,"
made in reply to the anxious inquiry, 44 What
should be the action of the House on this whole
subject ?''
411 want to sav exactly this: the subject was so
jrast in its consequences and of such great moment,
involving so many difficulties and such great con-
troversies, that I did not desire, and I do not now
desire, to take that very groat responsibility."
I must be allowed to say further, that the
pertinency and force, to say nothing of theeie-
gance and comity of the following language in
relation to the same subject of " difference,"
employed by another gentleman in the same
debate upon the subject of "difference," is to
me not apparent:
4,Thcn 1 would say in reply to tho inquiry of the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Logan,] that I have
the honor to be a. member of tho Committee on Ap-
propriations, and I understand that every member
of that committee is most decidedly hostile to tho
amendments ol' the Senate, believing that they in-
volve the deepest villainy of anything that has been
before this House for a great many years."
In conclusion, Mr. President, u Let us have
peace;" and let us proclaim peace with the
Indians, and let us do the deeds of peace to
that end. The Congress of 1867 contemplated
a policy of peace j the President has been most
solicitous to inaugurate an era of peace,* the
country, I am sure, is sickened at the shocking
details of bloodshed, and appalled at the prod-
igal expenditure of treasure in inglorious, need-
less, unjust conflict of arms with feeble and
fugitive tribes.
It is but for Congress to do its duty, and we
shall have peace on the frontiers.
Tax and Tariff Bill.
REMARKS OP HON. J. J. WINANS,
of oiiio,
Ix the House of Representatives,
June 6, 1870,
On the bill (II. 11. No. 2045) to reduce internal taxes,
and for other purposes.
Mr. WINANS. Mr. Speaker, this bill and
the amendment abolish and reduce both in-
ternal and external taxes, and if they become
a law will afford substantial relief to the peo-
ple j wherefore I shall vote for both. But I
cannot forbear to enter my solemn protest
against certain provisions of the amendment
and against the manner in which the amend-
ment has been brought forward, considered,
and pressed to a vote.
The amendment, for the most part, follows
the action of the Committee of the Whole on
the late tariff bill, and fixes the duties on the
items it embraces as low as the committee put
them, and iu some instances lower, which is
well; but it makes exceptions, and in some
instances increases the bounties of the present
law to manufacturers and monopolists. The
Committee of the Whole reduced pig iron to
$o per ton. The amendment raises it to $7.
The amendment changes the character of the
duty on steel and Bessemer steel rails from ad
valorem to specific, and increases the protec-
tion. It changes, and I presume increases, the
duty on books from ad valorem to specific. It
increases duties on nickel. It places anthra-
cite coal (which is not imported from foreign
