1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5241
from the fourth congressional district of the State
of Indiana.
Resolved, That George W. Julian was duly elected
and. is entitled to hold the seat be now occupies as
Itepresentative from the fourth district of Indiana.
Resolved, That there be paid to the contestant,
John S. Reid, from t.hecontingentfundof the House,
the sum of   dollars, in full of all expenses
touching said contest.
Mr. RANDALL presented aminority report,
accompanied by the following resolutions:
Resolved, That John S. Reid was duly elected a
member of the Forty-First Congress from thefourth
district of Indiana, and is entitled to the seat he
claims in this House.
Resolved, That George W. Julian was not duly
elected a member of the Forty-First Congress from
thefourth district of Indiana, and is not entitled to
a seat in this House.
The majority and minority reports were laid
upon the table, and ordered to be printed to-
gether.
Mr. CESSNA. I give notice that I will call
up this case on Tuesday next.
ENROLLED BILLS, ETC., SIGNED.
Mr. BBATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported tliat the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled bills and
joint resolutions of the following titles ; when
the Speaker signed the same:
A bill (H. It. No. 562) to amend an act
granting the right of way to ditch and canal
owners over the public lands, and for other
purposes;
A bill (H. E. No. 1Y14) to revise, consoli-
date, and amend the statutes relating to pat-
ents and copyrights;
A bill (H. B. No. 1987) to define the duties
of pension agents, to prescribe the manner of
paying pensions, and for other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 2000) to declare the construc-
tion of section fifty-five of an act entitled "An
act to provide a national currency secured by
a pledge of United States bonds, and to provide
for the circulation and redemption thereof,"
approved June 3, 1864, and the acts amend-
atory thereof, and to amend the same ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2311) granting a pension
to Enoch Lytle;
A bill (H. R. No. 2385) granting a pension
to Francis M. Davis;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 355) granting
four pieces of condemned cannon to the city of
Lowell for the ornamentation of the soldiers'
monument in that place ;
A bill (S. No. 789) to authorize the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury to settle and
close the account of Hinton Rowan Helper ;
and
A bill (S. No. 893) to establish an additional
land district in the State ot Kansas.
REBECCA SIIOHMAKKH.
Mr. STRICKLAND. _ I submit the follow-
ing report from a committee of conference:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendment or the
House to the bill of the Senate (S. No. 846) granting
a pension to Rebecca Shoemaker having met, after
full and free conference have agreed to recommend,
and do recommend to their respective Houses, as
^°That the House of Representatives recede from its
amendment to the said bill. ^ STRICKLAND,
R. S. HEFLIN,
W. N. SWEENEY,
Managers on the part of the House.
J. B. HOWELL,
i). JD. PRATT,
GEO. E. SPENCER,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
The report of the committee of conference
was agreed to. .
Mr. STRICKLAND moved to reconsider
the vote by which the report of the committee
of conference was agreed to ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM B. LOOSES'.
Mr. STRICKLAND also submitted the fol-
lowing conference report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendment ol the
House of Representatives to the bill of tho Senate
(S. No. 147) granting a pension to "William B.Looney,
of Alabama, having met, after full and free confer-
ence have agreed to recommend, and do recommend
to their respective Houses, as follows:
That the benate recede from its disagreement to
the amendment of t,he House, and agree to thesame.
It. STRICKLAND,
R. S. HEFLIN,
W. N. SWEENEY,
Managers on the part of the House.
J.B HOWELL,
D. D. PRATT.
Managers on ike part of the Senate.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. STRICKLAND moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report was agreed to; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONFERENCE REPORTS PRIVILEGED.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to state
to the House, in order that there may be no
misunderstanding, that conference reports will
be regarded as privileged above all other mat-
ters that may come before the House, even to
the extent of taking any member from the
floor, although he may be occupying it upon
another subject, if the member having charge
of a conference report shall so desire. That
is the way the Chair will rule in reference to
conference reports.
REMOVAL OF POLITICAL DISABILM'IHS.
Mr. STOKES, by unanimous consent,, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2371) for the relief of
sundry citizens of Tennessee of all political
disabilities; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the select Committee on
Reconstruction, and ordered to bo printed.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
several votes of reference and recommittal this
morning; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. JULIAN. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order having
been called for, the morning hour will now
begin, at eighteen minutes to twelve o'clock,
and reports are first in order from the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands.
JOSJS DOMINGCEZ GRANT.
Mr. JULIAN, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, reported back, with a recom-
mendation that the same do pass, a bill (H. It.
No. 2026) to repeal an act entitled "An act
to confirm the grant of certain lands to Jose
Dominguez, in California," approved June 12,
18C6.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
1 The bill, which was read, provides that the
act of Congress approved June 12, 18GG, enti-
tled "An act to confirm the grant of certain
lands to Jose Dominguez, in California," be,
and the same is thereby repealed.
Mr. JULIAN. I will briefly explain the
object and necessity of this bill. In 1SGG a
memorial was presented to Congress asking
the confirmation of the grant referred to in
this bill. It was supposed to contain an area
of three or four leagues, and a statement was
also made that it contained within it the famous
grape-vine of California, and that the grantee
had held it for a great many years, as his
father and mother had done before him.
The surveyor general undertook to have a
survey made, but found the. boundaries of the
grant so vague and indefinite that the survey
was pronounced by him to bo impracticable.
Thereupon the claimants of the grant under
Dominguez employed the surveyor general at
their own expense to make a survey according
to their own directions as to the boundaries.
The survey thusmade covered some forty-seven
leagues, or about 208,742.33 acres; thus gob-
bling up quite a large number of settlers on the
lands of the United States under the preemp-
tion laws, including the town of Santa Barbara
itself. This development was so startling to
that wh ole section of coun try that the facts were
looked into. It turned out that the memorial
asking for the confirmation of this grant was a
forgery in the beginning, and that the statement
of pretended'facts embodied in the memorial
was entirely false; that, in fact, no such grant
existed, the conditions not having been com-
plied with, and Dominguez himself deriving no
title. It further appeared that the celebrated
grape-vine spoken of was seven or eight miles
distant in another portion of the county.
The Committee on the Public Lands have
examined the whole matter, and I have myself
submitted a carefully prepared report setting
forth all the facts, with documents and other
proof of the facts and circumstances of the
case. I pronounce it the most monstrous con-
spiracy against justice and decency and the
rights of settlers on the lands of the Government
that I have ever had any knowledge of in the
whole course of my legislative experience.
These are biiefly the facts, and I believe they
are uncontroverted and incontrovertible. The
report I refer to is as follows:
The Committee on the Public Lands, to whom was
referred House bill No. 202(5, entitled "A bill to re-
peal an act to confirm the grant of certain lands to
Jose Dominguez. in California, approved June 12,
1866," have had the same under consideration, to-
gether with the memoiia.l of a largo number of citi-
sens of S.inta Barbara county, and other papers and
documents relating to this claim, and now respect-
iully submit the following report:
The act of Juno 12.1886, purports to confirm to Jo.se
Dominguez tlie title to certain lands wnieh it is
alleged were granted to hitn by the Mexican gov-
ernor, Pico, at Los Angeles, under date of Septem-
ber 24,1S>5, 'mown as ihe Los Prietos y Najalayegua,
and situate m the county of Santa Barbara. It
directs the surveyor general of California to pro-
ceed and survey said lands in accordance with the
original title papers in his offico, and provides that
when said survey shall have been approved by the
Commissioner ot the General Land Office a patent
shall i.'sue for said land to said Dominguez, or par-
ties holding under him by inheritance or otherwise.
It is farther provided that the confirmation shall
only be construed as a relinquishment on the partof"
the United Stales, and shall not affect the adverse
rights of any person whomsoever.
The action of the surveyor general of California,
under this statute, will be best explained by his own
letter to the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
under date of September IS, IS08, which is as fol-
lows :
united States Surveyor General's Offick,
Sax i'EAKCisco, California,
SejpteinberlS, 1868.
Sir: The aet of Congress approved June 12, 1866.
confirmed tho claim ot Jose Dominguez to a tract of
land named Los Prietos y Najalayegua, situate in
Santa Barbara county, and directed the surveyor
general of California to proceed and survey said
lands in accordance with the original title papers on
file in his office. In obedience thereto I issued in-
structions on tho 25th April, 1867, to George H.
Thompson, deputy surveyor, for tho survey of said
claim, furnishing him with a traced copy ot the ori-
ginal papeis on file in the Mexican archives, as his
guide in executing said survey. Deputy Thompson
reported that the calls were so uncertain and vague
that he found it difficult to make a survey.
The grantees of theclaim, through their attorney,
E. J. Pringle, esq,, then offered to provojudicial pos-
session by affidavits covering the extent of the pres-
ent survey ; but I declined to rcceive any evidence
exeepttliatmeniioncd m tho act of Congress as gov-
erning my action in the matter.
They then requested that a survey should be mado
according to their views and at their own risk. In
order to bring tho matter before this office for ex-
amination, I so instructed tho deputy. Mr. Thomp-
son returned a survey comprising an extent of 208,-
742.33 acres, as the tract claimed by the grantees of
Dominguez under said actof Congress.
The location and area of this survey did not meet
my views as to tho construction of said aet, for the
following reasons:
1. The original evidence of title shows that the
grant was one under the colonization laws of Mex-
ico. and could net therefore exceed the quantity of
eleven square leagues.
2. The extent ot said tract under said title, as far
as I am able to judge, was simply a long narrow
vallev, situate between two ranges of mountains,
and bounded by the Arroyo de la Uarpenteria in the
east, and the Paraje de los Prietos in the west, and
about three leagues in extent, according to the scalo
on tlie map or disriio.
The parties demurred to these views, and requested
that the survey, as executed, bo forwarded for the
decision of the department.
In order that ail parties m interest should have an
opportunity to be beaut, I caused a publication of
the survey to be made under the act of 1864.
Under these circumstances, I herewith forward the
plat of survey for your decision, with my expressed
opinion, as above, and accompany tho samo with the
following documents:
A. Protest of Wilbur Curtis against said survey.
