462
APPENDIX TO THE 00NGEE8SI0NAL GLOBE.
[June 9,
Ho. of Reps.
Naturalization—Mr. Axtell.
41st Cong—2d Sess.
countries, and therefore needs no protection)
anil rough logs only on the free list.
I object especially to an increase of the
bounty on steel rails, the patent for the Besse-
mer process of manufacturing -which is under-
stood to be owned by three persons only in
this country, who are also interested in their
manufacture, and one of whom is a member of
this House. I object not only because I am
opposed to giving bounties for manufactures
generally, but also because I am opposed to
increasing the cost of railroads and to the con-
sequent increase of freights and passenger fares,
which indirectly and permanently operate as a
tax upon the people, and especially upon the
agricultural and business interests of the coun-
try, and because this particular bounty will tend
to continue the construction of railroads wittf
iron to the exclusion of steel rails, which are
better. If this latter objection is well taken
it may be found that those in whose interests
the dutiesare increased have overreached them-
selves and destroyed their market; and if so, I
shall have no tears to shed.
I had prepared, and if permitted would have
offered, amendments reducing pig iron to $5,
striking out the clauses relating to steel rails,
books, and nickel, leaving them to be taxed
under the existing law, and adding coal of all
kinds, lumber and timber, rough, hewed or
sawed, and salt, to tho free list.
This amendment was introduced by my col-
league, [Mr. Souesck,] as he says, upon his
own responsibility, and it was not in fact con-
sidered by the Committee of Ways and Means ;
but it is supported, and tho means by which
it is rJroposei to secure its adoption are sup-
ported, by the protectionists of the committee
and on this floor; and if there has been no
concert there is at least concurrence among
protectionists to cut off amendments and secure
tho adoption of tho measure as reported by my
colleague. The amendment being offered and
the previous question called, there was no sec-
ond, and thereupon my colleague withdrew the
amendment; and afterward, making an alter-
ation of one day in the time when it should take
effect, so as merely to change its identity, ho
offered it again, and again moving the previous
question there was a second; and, under tho
rules, not only were amendments cut off, but
no division or separate vote upon the several
clauses could bo had.
I find no fault with the Speaker, whose rul-
ings were jnst and proper; bat the rules them-
selves,whichforbid division and a separate vote,
ought to be revised so as not to compel mem-
bers to vote for what they abhor in order to
secure preponderati ng good which they approve
and desire. 1 will not discredit my colleague
and those who have supported and acted with
him by supposing they did not know the eifect
of their proceedings. On tho contrary, ho and
they are not only presumed to have intended
what has happened, and the consequences of
tho course pursued, but, by expressly insisting
upon tho previous question and the rules, he
and they have practically avowed their determ-
ination that there shall bo no reduction of
duties upon those great necessaries of life,
coffee, tea, and sugar, unless the House will
agree to pay increased bounties to a few manu-
facturers of steel rails, books, and nickel, and
continue to pay largo bounties on pig iron,
coal, lumber, and salt.
I yield to the pressure, Mr. Speaker, and
vote for the amendment; but I do it in the
hope that the rules will be modified so that we
may have tho opportunity to vote as we would
like to vote, and that at the next session we
may be able to revise the tariff generally,
and purge it of the jobs which it now covers
and provides for, making revenue the object,
and protection but a necessary incident and
result.
Naturalization.
REMARKS OF HON. S. B. AXTELL,
of california,
In the House op Representatives,
June 9, 1870.
The House having under consideration tho bill (II.
It. No. 1399) to establish a uniform system of natu-
ralization, and to regulate proceedings under tho
samo—
Mr. AXTELL said
Mr. Speaker: This bill seems to me to be cum-
bersome and calculated to embarrass and retard
the candidate who seeks tho great privilege of
becoming an American citizen. The bill con-
tains seventeen intricate and complicated sec-
tions, and would require the assistance of a
careful lawyer to point out the numerous steps
to be taken. It would also require a great
deal of time in attendance upon court. The
candidate must first file a notice of application
twenty days before commencement of term,
and then remain in attendance upon court per-
sonally, not by attorney, till his case can be
heard. This alone would debar most of the
poor who depend for their support upon day
labor from ever making the attempt to become
citizens, and, allow mo to suggest, this seems
to be the object of the bill.
The bill in all its sections treats the applicant
as a defendant; in fact, as a criminal defend-
ant. He is compelled to work his way over a
rough and rugged road. All other persons are
invited to assist in retarding his progress, and
are by tho bill invited to attend court and op-
pose his admission. The practical result of
this clause would bo that tho political party
desiring to oppose and prevent the natural-
ization ol persons would employ an attorney
to appear in all cases, file opposition, issue
subpenas for absent witnesses, and by dilatory
motions block tho court and absolutely prevent
admission. The true title of this bill would
be, "An act to discourage immigration by pre-
venting foreigners from becoming naturalized
citizens."
The time of.residence required before making
application is three years. This is all wrong.
One year is abundant. This is a bill of obsta-
cles ; our true policy is to introduce measures
of encouragement. Wo desire that Europeans
residing in our country should become citi-
zens, not more for their good than our own.
Wo are all of tho same tribes and families ; we
want no distinction in our society, no aliens,
no foreigners, but all citizens and brethren.
Tlio right stop was taken when soldiers and
sailors who fought in our Army and in our
Navy were thereupon admitted to be citizens.
Wo shall take another right step when we allow
all Europeans who come to reside permanently
in our country to become citizens as a matter
of right, irrespective of time or witnesses. We
should invito them to do so, and fasten tho
doors wide open for their admission.
The question of how soon they shall be
admitted to tho ballot-box is entirely separate
and distinct, and should be left to the States to
determine. If a European, not tainted by per-
sonal crime, comes here on the run, jumps the
ditch, and gets within our citadel, goes to the
temple, and swears allegiance to our flag, he
should at once be admitted to all the privileges
of citizenship and defended as such against the
world in arms. He is no fugitive slave tobere-
claimed by his master, no shivering and doubtful
applicant for recognition ; but springs at once,
full armed with all his rights, an American cit-
izen ! We have proclaimed the doctrine of the
right of a man to himself, his right to renounce
at any moment allegiance to one Government
and to swear it to another; the right of expa-
triation ; and whenever a war is fought in the
world for this principle, republicanism be-
comes universal. In view of these doctrines,
to prevent a fugitive from despotism becom-
ing a citizen is a crime.
This bill not only practically prevents immi-
grants from becoming citizens, but in section
thirteen it denationalizes those who have here-
tofore obtained admission under former laws.
Thisjsection institutes upon mere information
ofa United States district attorney most oppress-
ive and iniquitious proceedings against both
men and women who may have in their pos-
session certificates of naturalization alleged to
have been fraudulently obtained. It not only
brings them into court and makes them defend-
ants, but compels them to prove their inno-
cence. In view of this paragraph the bill would
bear another title, ''Prosecution made easy."
The United States district attorney compels
their attendance with theirpapers, both women
and men—the old man who has the certifi-
cate of the naturalization of his son, who has
gone to California ; the widow who keeps and
cherishes the papers of her dead husband as
she would his patent of nobility.
These persons are brought into court, and
the United States district attorney simply re-
quests them to prove fhat their papers are
genuine, and not obtained by any fraudulent
practices, or go to jail—this and nothing more!
This section is simply infamous. The bill also
seeks to confine applications for naturalization
to the Federal courts as lar as possible. This
again is all wrong. All courts having a seal
and keeping records should be open for this
purpose, and their officers be required to per-
form all services necessary in these cases free
of chargc, and in the great cities certain days
in each month should be set apart by special
order exclusively for the purpose of receiving
and adopting citizens.
The ballot-box has nothing to do with this
bill. Local laws and the vigilance and integ-
rity of local officers must conserve its purity.
Laws framed here which treat the people as
public enemies are mistakes. The people arc
greater and wiser and purer than the Govern-
ment^ In our form of government their voice
is divine, their will omnipotent. We frame
such laws as they desire and dictate; we hold
our seats for that and no other purpose. We
are the Representatives, not the masters. The
people in their several Legislatures will cnact
laws to protect their persons, their property,
and their ballot-boxes, and will elect good men
to enforce them. They have not yet delegated
this power either to us or to the Republican
party.
This bill also seeks to open our doors to all
nations of tho earth to become citizens; to
Hindoos, Chinese, Mongols, Africans, and to
all the islanders of the Pacific; a mistake and
a vagary which would never have been thought
of but for the accident of American slavery.
Some good men think that because we en-
force the doctrine of equal civil rights, con-
sistency and principle compel us to adopt the
doctrine of equal political privileges. This is
neither logic nor morality. None should be
taken into the national family who are not
qualified by race and lineage to form a part
of our domestic life. We will protect their
civil rights; we will conserve our political
privileges exclusive of them. Citizenship con-
ferred upon the Chinese, for instance, would
bring into the national family pagans. To con-
fer upon thein the ballot, which generally fol-
lows as an incident to citizenship, would be to
confer upon pagan idolaters the power in local-
ities where they were in excess of Europeans
to substitute the brutalities of Juggernaut for
the religion of Christ; to convert the church
into a Josh house, and the school-room into a
brothel, and all this infamy because our fore-
fathers, by a blunder and an accident, permit-
ted negro slavery upon this continent!
