■mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1Q,
-And could this.rate be extended to interna-
tional postage, its least service would be to our
commercial relations. Beyond this would be
an inconceivable influence on that immigration
to oar country which is a constant fountain of
life, while it carried into the homes of the Old
World the most seductive invitations to take
part with us in our great destinies. Repub-
lican ideas would be diffused and the Bights
of Man gain new authority. Every letter from
glowing firesides among us, when read at colder
presides abroad, would be a perpetual procla-
mation of the .Republic.
More than ever this change is needed now.
It is essential in the work of reconstruction,
which can be maintained only through the
national unity. The very extent of our coun-
try, which is superficially urged as the apology
for a high rate, is to my mind an all-sufficient
reason for the proposed reform. Because our
country is broad and spacious, therefore must
distant parts be brought into communication
and woven together by daily recurring ties.
Because our people are various in origin and
language, therefore must they be enabled to
commingle and become homogeneous. And
lastly, because fellow-citizens have suffered
and been separated by terrible war, there-
fore must the post office become a good angel
to quicken industry, to remove ignorance, to
soothe prejudice, and to promote harmony.
Blessed are the peace-makers, and in this
company the post office properly reformed
will take an illustrious place.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment to the amendment offered
by the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Drake.]
The question being put, it was declared that
the ayes appeared to have it.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope the Senate will not
put that amendment on this bill. The bill is
predicated on the idea that everything that
passes through the mails shall pay some postage.
The VICE PRESIDENT.^ Does the Senator
from Minnesota demand a division?
Mr. RAMSEY. I do not think that this
measure ought to be imperiled simply for a
proposition of this kind.
Mr. DAVIS. Without meaning any disre-
spect to thehonorable Senator from Minnesota,
I would ask if he has any authority to take
charge of this bill at this time? He has repu-
diated it; he has rejected it; it is no longer his
bantling. [Laughter.] I think he had better
leave it to the Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Drake,] to speak for it.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senate decided that I
should keep charge of it, and insisted upon con-
sidering the bill, and I desire to pay some atten-
tion to it.
Mr. DRAKE. I insist upon it that the Sen-
ator from Minnesota has shown himself to be
the Saturn of the Senate, devouring his own
offspring this morning. [Laughter.]
The VIC 15 PRESIDENT. Unless a divis-
ion is demanded the ayes have it, and the
amendment to the amendment is agreed to.
The question now is on the amendment as
amended.
Mr. RAMSEY. Now, I hope the Senate
will reject the amendment and pass the bill in
the form in which it came from the House of
Representatives.
Mr. DRAKE. The amendment just now
adopted as an amendment to that of the Senator
from Ohio is the one that I offered to the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on (hat amendment.
Mr. RAMSEY. That is a proposition to
allow newspapers to pass through the mails
free of postage. I hope the Senate will not
agree to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have but a word to say
on the amendment as amended. It continues
the system of free exchanges as it stands now.
The amendment that I offered simply contin-
ued to local papers the benefit of circulating
their papers through the mails within the lim-
its of the county in which they were published,
and which cost the Government nothing; but
on the motion of the Senator from Missouri
that privilege is now enlarged so as to con-
tinue in force all the privileges of exchanging
papers.
Mr. DRAKE. I hope the Senator from
Ohio will not say " not enlarged.'' It is only
continuing what has heretofore existed in the
law.
Mr. SHERMAN. I mean that the operation
of my amendment, which was confined to the
circulation of weekly papers within the county
of their publication, is now enlarged so as to
continue the present law allowing newspapers
in all parts of the country to exchange with
each other free of postage. It seems to me
there is no justice in allowing the great papers
as well as the small papers the right of sending
their papers through the mails free of postage.
I shall therefore vote against the amendment
as it stands.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to have the
amendment reported.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, as
amended, which was to add to the bill the
following:
But this shall not bo construed as repealing the
provisions in favor of publishers of newspapers and
periodicals, contained in the second section of the
act of August 30,1852, entitled "An act to amend the
act entitled 'An act to reduce and modify the rates
of postage in the United States, and fur other pur-
poses,' passed March 3,1851."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now is on agreeing to the amendment as
amended.
Mr. DRAKE. On that question I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will say one word. I
am in favor of abolishing the franking priv-
ilege, and, in my judgment that is not to be
accomplished by the amendment of this bill.
I think those in the Senate who are in favor
of the abolition of the franking privilege should
vote down all amendments, or vote against
them ; but if a majority of the Senate are
opposed to abolishing the franking privilege,
then we may amend the bill, and the result
probably will be that no bill at all on the sub-
ject will pass. If we are in earnest to get rid of
this franking privilege, as it is called, or the
sending of matter free through the mails, which
I think has been grossly abused, we shall pass
the bill without amendment. I do not think
there would be any objection to the franking
privilege as it exists, if there were no abuses
of it: but I think it has been grossly abused;
and for that reason, for one, I am for abolish-
ing it altogether. I think that is the only way
to correct the abuses that have existed. I shall
therefore vote against all amendments to the
bill, without regard to the merits of the par-
ticular amendment, believing that that is the
onlv way to accomplish the object.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I do not think
that the Senator from Illinois places this mat-
ter on its proper footing before the Senate and
the country. The whole country knows per-
fectly well what has always been understood
as the franking privilege. Every man in the
country who signed a petition in favor of the
abolition of the franking privilege knew that
he was signing a petition to put a stop to any
man's having the right to send mail matter free
through the mails by writing his name upon it.
There is not a man in the United States, as I
verily believe, who, when he signed a petition
to abolish the franking privilege, had in his
mind for one moment the idea of abolishing
the free exchange of newspapers and the free
| circulation of weekly newspapers in the county
of their publication. The frank, the written
name or the printed name upon the back of a
letter or other mail matter that was to entitle
it to go free through the mails—that was what
these petitioners struck at.
Now, sir, I object to the position that the
Senator from Illinois undertakes to put the
Senate in, upon an amendment of this kind,
by calling upon those who want to abolish the
franking privilege entirely to vote it down, and
thereby signify their purpose of destroying en-
tirely the free circulation of matter through the
mails.
Sir, if this amendment of mine is not adopted,
in what position do you place the people of
this country? You are taxing the every-day
dissemination of knowledge, which does not
cost the Government one single cent to dis-
seminate through the mails. That is a fact;
not one cent in a whole year does the circu-
lation of exchange newspapers cost this Gov-
ernment. The mails would go to every place,
and the addition of one or two or three news-
papers to a bundle of papers going to any place
does not make the transportation of the mail
there cost the Government one cent more in a
year. The mails go from the county seat to
the little post offices about whether the news-
papers printed in the county are sent or not.
I affirm that the Government will have to pay
just as much for the transportation of the
mails without these newspapers as with them;
and if that is the case, why should we under-
take to put a tax upon the dissemination of
the every-day information of the affairs of the
country and of the world in this bill? I hope
the Senate will not allow itself to be put in a
position of that kind; that is, to prove that
we mean to abolish the franking privilege, we
will strike out utterly the free transportation
of mail matter of every other kind.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I have but
a few words to say on this subject.
What is known as the franking privilege in
the United States is as old, or almost as old,
as the Government itself. It has existed for
a very long time, and the people have become
entirely accustomed to it, and understand it,
doubtless, in all its phases, features, and opera-
tions, quite as well as they do any other ques-
tion likely to come before Congress. They
know well that what we call the franking priv-
ilege includes the free transmission of private
correspondence in the shape of letters, and
that the persons who are entitled to use this
privilege include in their numbers vast and
numerous classes of people, beginning with
the humblest postmaster in a village, and end-
ing as it ascends with the President of the
United States. They know well that all post-
masters have the right to send letters written
by themselves on official business free of post-
age. They know equally well that all members
of Congress, Delegates from Territories, heads
of Departments and bureaus, have also this
privilege, limited by the weight of the mail
matter which they undertake to frank.
They know that this privilege applies not
only to private correspondence of members of
Congress and many others, but to all public
documents published by the authority of the
Government, including the reports, of commit-
tees, whether standing or select, of the respect-
ive Houses, of books published by the same
authority, and a variety of things of that de-
scription. They know quite well that hitherto,
and for the last three quarters of a century,
members of Congress have had this privilege
to correspond freely with the rest of the world,
without any charge upon their own pockets.
Whether the people esteem this privilege of
free correspondence with their Representatives
so highly as to desire its continuance is a ques-
tion solely for them to decide. It is not espe-
cially for the benefit of members of Congress
to use this privilege ; but it is for the benefit—
such at least are the theory and object of the
law—-of the constituencies, and of all the peo-
ple of the United States, for the purpose of
disseminating intelligence and keeping, so to
speak, in close proximity the Representative
and his constituents.
The people know perfectly well that this
privilege is ancient, has hitherto been valued
very highly, and uninterruptedly used by those
on whom it was conferred. They know that
by means of this privilege they have been
