I486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
his boyhood, and believing that it was both
right and proper to relieve him I filed his appli-
cation with the Committee on Reconstruction
and insisted that his name should be placed
in the bill.
Although appointed to this judgeship he is
unable to decide a single case until his polit- :
ical disabilities are removed. The people come :
up without regard to politics, Republicans
and Democrats, and indorse his application.
Therefore I felt it to be my duty to ask that
he be relieved. My policy has been, and I
hope to be able to continue that line of policy
as I have proclaimed it upon almost every
stump in my State, that every man, I care not j
who ne is, how high or how humble he may
be, who puts his name to a paper asking to be
relieved shall have my vote in favor of a bill
relieving him from political disability. It mat-
ters not with me who he is or where he comes
from. We provided in the fourteenth amend-
ment of the Constitution a way by which these
men could be relieved, and after we have done
that I think it is the duty of Congress to
relieve these men on making proper applica-
tions. Uuless a man has committed some
crime against the Government of the United
States there is no necessity for asking such
relief; but, as I understand it, the object of the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution is
to provide for the relief of the men who have
been in the rebellion. And when any man
from my State makes application, acknowl-
edging-the wrong he has done to the Govern-
ment of the United States by engaging in the
rebellion, and showing a disposition to do
what is right hereafter, I shall, for one, vote in
favor of relieving him from all further political
disabilities.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
yield to the gentleman from Wisconsin.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, I am very
glad to hear the remarks to which I have lis-
tened from the gentlemanfrom Tennessee, [Mr.
Stokes.] But it is very unlike what I have
heard from him before. The gentleman will
pardon me for saying that his remarks to-day
are to my mind in much better 3pirit than his
earlier remarks in this House on this subject
of amnesty, or relief of the southern people
from their supposed disabilities. Time is evi-
dently softening his feelings, and I am indeed
glad to see it. A better mind, a more forgiving
disposition is growing up within him. And,
sir, if ever there was a man upon the floor of
Congress who onght to be generous, and mag-
nanimous even, the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Stokes] ought to be. So far as I am
concerned it is with great reluctance that I
have brought myself to vote for these proposi-
tions to pardon single individuals.
Mr. STOKES. Will the gentleman from
Wisconsin state wlierein I have proved incon-
sistent ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I have not said the gen-
tleman had been inconsistent. The previous
speeches of the gentleman sound so differently
from this one to-day that I felt it due to him
to congratulate him on the change in his senti-
ments and the improvement and progress which
he had made.
Mr. STOKES. Will the gentleman allow
me to make a remark?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Certainly, if the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, by whose courtesy I
have the floor, will allow me without deducting
it from my time.
Mr. STOKES. I have no doubt that the
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge]
and many other members on this floor remem-
ber well the time when I objected to the repeal
or modification of the test-oath. I declared
from my place in this Hall that I would freeze
to my seat before I would vote to modify or to
repeal the test oatb. I have, however, inva-
riably presented the papers and urged the relief
from their disabilities of the men who made
application for it, and I defy the gentleman to
show anything tb the cbntrary.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It was from that con-
gealed or frozen condition that I have been con-
gratulating the gentleman as having escaped.
I was remarking, when I yielded to the gentle-
man from Tennessee, that it was with great
reluctance that I had brought myself to vote
for the propositions to remove the disabilities
of individuals in the manner proposed by this
bill. It has been illustrated here upon this
floor to-day that this system of pardon or am-
nesty may be abused. Personal animosity or
personal friendship may control the granting
of these pardons. Amnesty ought not to be
granted on any such principle; it ought to come
! free as the rain comes down from heaven ; it
1 ought to come universally upon all as the rain
falls upon all of us. Amnesty ought not to be
purchased or bartered. It cannot, indeed, be
purchased; it must be free or it is not amnesty.
And it is for this reason that I felt anxious that
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. But-
ler] should fulfill the promise that he has so
often made to this House, to bring in a general
bill of amnesty. I am in favor of that propo-
sition. I am in favor of amnesty to the fullest
extent. I would except none. I would give it to
all. I think the time has come when we ought
to forgive every man, woman, and child who was
in the rebellion. The gentleman tells us that
we have been very liberal and very generous,
remarkably so. Why, sir, had it been told to
the country five years ago that that people
were to be punished by banishment from all
share or part in their own Government for five
long years, that they were to be punished, to
suffer as they have, the world would have stood
aghast at the proposition. It would have been
considered monstrous if it had been announced
then. It is none the less so now, if we would
but stop to consider. Think of it; a whole
people deprived of all self-government, sub-
jected to the control of the sword for five
years!
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Hotch-
Kiss] tells us that he agrees with us upon this
side of the House, that the southern people
have been punished, and punished severely.
And he tells us that he would if he could—if
he could think of any other, invent any other—
inflict further punishment upon them. Sir, I
must say such a thought strikes me with horror.
The proposition is to my mind perfectly mon-
strous. What! have these people not already
suffered enough, when the gentleman, when
the malignity of the human mind cannot invent
punishment for them further? What would
the gentleman do? Exhaust all the means
within his power to punish, and not satisfied
then! I must say, I repeat it, that the prop-
osition is perfectly monstrous; it is barbarous
beyond the power of language to express.
1 do not desire to make any extended re-
marks upon this question, only to place myself
where I wish to be considered as standing. I
shall vote for this bill, and shall vote to relieve
the disabilities of every one who thinks he
needs to have them removed in this way. No
party consideration shall control my vote.
The time has come when the bitter memories
of the. war should be obliterated, when we
should forgive and forget the past. Life is too
short to keep alive the animosities and hatreds
of five years ago. But I should vote much
more cheerfully, and should be glad to vote to-
day, full, complete, and unrestricted amnesty
to every man, woman, and child who has or
may be supposed to have offended against this
Government throughout the entire length and
breadth of this broad land.
The gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Bttlbr,] by way of proving the leniency of
the Government toward the southern people,
inquires who has been punished, who has
been tried for treason ? He might be answered
by inquiring, whose fault is it that none have
been ? And if some have been guilty of treason
and none have been tried, why have they not
been? But, sir, it is no evidence of the kind-
ness, magnanimity, or lSniehfcjr of the Govern-
ment that none have been tried for treason.
The complaint which I make is not that these
men have been tried, convicted, and punished,
but that they have been punished without trial,
without conviction. The whole people—men,
women, and little children—have been pun-
ished, most cruelly punished, for five long
years, since the war was over; and this, too,
whether they were guilty or not, whether they
were for or against the Government, whether
they were for the Union or against the Union.
Sir, when men have been thus condemned and
thus punished for five years, I appeal to this
House if it is not long enough, if it is not time
they were all forgiven, all relieved of disabili-
ties ? What is to be gained by longer oppress-
ing them, by longer subjugation? Let us com-
mence from this time on to lift them up, to
bring back their affections and hearts to the
Government and to ourselves.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I yield
now to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Woodward.]
Mr. WOODWARD. I desired to say a few
words in support of this bill, but finding my-
self too unwell to do so, I give my time to the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Cox,]
Mr. COX. All that I now propose is, to
call the attention of the House to a remark
which my friend, [Mr. Woodward,] if he were
well, would have made to the House on this
question of amnesty. It cannot be expected
| that I should reproduce his thought, either in
; its genuine kindness or its emphatic utterance;
, but since he has delegated me to utter it, I may
i crave that attention which might not be ac-
; corded so readily to myself. While we were
! debating this matter, and while this Bide of
j the House were looking anxiously to a larger
1 result than these mere personal bills, my re-
spected friend [Mr. Woodward] sent for a
book that is not often quoted in this House;
at least it is not quoted in the spirit with which
it is inspired. Doubtless on questions of this
nature it should be read, studied, and pon-
dered a little more heedfully than it is. I
mean the Holy Bible. My friend intended to
read from the commentary of Dr. Clarke on
the one hundred and twenty-sixth psalm. I
shall read both psalm and commentary. I
shall read them with a view, if possible, to
impress this House in favor of a general, gen-
erous, roundabout, magnanimous policy of
amnesty. I make the quotation because I
would have remembered a historic lesson for
our guidance as Christian statesmen. It is not
more appropriately introduced as an annota-
tion to the psalm than as an illustration of our
duty to the proscribed and humbled people of
the South. The one hundred and twenty-sixth
psalm celebrates the amnesty of Israel. Her
captivity is ended. There is great rejoicing in
Jerusalem! Confiscation, disaster, oppression,
war, and carnage, are over 1 The lyre of the
Psalmist is attuned to its sweetest melody:
"When the Lord turned again the captivity of
Zion, we were like them that dream.
"Then was our mouth filled with laughter, and
our tongue witb singing; then said they among the
heathen, the Lord hath done great things for them.
"The Lord hath done great things for us; whereof
we are glad.
" Turn again our captivity, 0 Lord, as the streams
in the South 1"
But the significance of the quotation is found
in the commentary which my friend intended
should be read, and which, had he been phys-
ically able, he would so eloquently have im-
pressed upon the House and the country. Dr.
Clarke says:
" We wtre like them that dream.] The news was so
unexpected that we doubted for a time the truth of
it. We believed it too good news to be true, and
thought ourselves in a dream or illusion. When the
Romans had vanquished Philip, king of Macedon,
they restored liberty to the Grecian cities by procla-
mation. It was done at the time of the Isthmian
games, and by the crier, who went into the circus to
proclaim them; none but the Boman general, I.
Quintius, knowing what was to be done. Multitudes
from all Greece were there assembled; and the tid-
ings Produced nearly the same effect upon them, ac-
cording to Livy, that the publication of the decree
of Cyrus did on the Jews, according to what is here
