2410
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
taitlff.
The committee resumed its session.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on the pending
amendment is exhausted.
The amendment, by unanimous consent, was
withdrawn.
Mr. WOOD 1 desire to move an amend-
ment to come in after the word "color" in
the amendment moved by the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means. Itis as follows:
In line nine insert the following:
When imported from oountries in which invol-
untary servitude or human slavery does not exist.
Mr. Chairman, the proposition to reduce the
duty on sugar from 3 cents to 2 cents is now
before the committee for its adoption or rejec-
tion. I wish to say a word in behalf of the
propriety of the amendment I have offered. It
is well known that we import into the United
States sugars of various grades and qualities
and from different countries. We not only
have sugar from Santa Cruz, from Manila,
from Barbadoes, and from Jamaica, but we
also have sugar from Cuba and Porto liico.
The proposition to reduce the duty from 3 to
2 cents is in the interest of Spanish sugar, iu
the interest of Cuba and Porto Rico, which are
Spanish islands, which sugar, I am free to
admit, constitutes 83 per cent, of the whole
amount of sugar imported into the United
States. Now, it may have escaped the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means that they are abso-
lutely offering a premium to slavo labor.
[Laughter.] The committee propose to dis-
criminate in favor of slavery. Spain has been
telling our Government that she intended to
abolish slavery in Cuba; but she still maintains
it there, and the committee propose by this
taiiff to enable her to do so by reducing the
duty on her products, which are almost exclu-
sively the result of slave labor, as they reach
our ports. I take it for granted that this is a
mistake or omission on the part of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and that in order
to carry out the principle they have so long
avowed of being in favor of absolute freedom
everywhere, they will not only hold up that
standard in the United States, but do some-
thing toward free institutions for the neighbor-
ing islands. Therefore I propose that this
reduction from 3 to 2 cents per pound shall
not be in favor of slave-grown products; that
we shall not discriminate in favor of the pro-
duct of slave labor as against the product of
Louisiana, where sugar is now the result of
free labor under the new order of things exist-
ing in the United States. I am not in favor of
protecting an interest as such. I am against
the protective principle. But I am also against
encouraging the institution of slavery so as to
enable Spain to hold Cuba in bondage, offering
her the means whereby she will be able to con-
tinue in the island of Cuba her pernicious gov-
ernment and her despotic rule. I take it for
granted, therefore, that the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means will see the
propriety of incorporating in this bill a proviso
which shall not make this reduction of X cent
per pound on sugar operate in favor of the con-
tinuance of slavery anywhere.
Mr. SCHENCI£. With the utmost respect
to the gentleman from New York, I cannot
help thinking of the occasion when we are told
that last of all" Satan came also.'' [Laughter. ]
1 will not apply that passage, but will only
ask, "Is Saul also among the prophets?"
There is some force perhaps in the argument
of the gentleman that our tariff should be levied
with such discrimination as not to encourage
slavery abroad. I am not disposed, however,
to undertake to affect the political or social
institutions of any country in this indirect way
with a view to getting rid of slavery abroad,
when we had such a hard scuffle with the Dem-
ocratic party to get rid of it here at home.
They stood by it so constantly, so manfully,
so persistently, in season and out of season,
opposing every attack, in whatever form, that
was made upon it, that we had very much trouble
indeed in getting our skirts clear of that great
crime. But having got rid of it as a social and
political institution in our own midst, it seems to
me a little too soon for us to start out, wiping
our mouths as though we had never doue wrong,
to reform the rest of the world in that respect,
indirectly through our tariff system. Therefore
I think it would be well for some gentlemeu
to tarry awhile at Jericho till their new anti-
slavery beards are grown before they under-
take to light in that cause.
I thinC, Mr. Chairman, that although it
would be well, if possible, that we should know
how and by what labor, as a matter of useful
information, every article is produced abroad
which enters into consumption at home, it
will be rather Quixotic that wo should under-
take in questions of mere economical regu-
lation, affecting our own peoplo and their
consumption of particular articles, to try to
exercise a retroactive effect upou what has
been done in some former time by another peo-
ple in producing those articles with a view to
mold their institutions to conform to ours. On
the other hand I think that if we go on, and by
our example show to the world the advantages
of freedom iu the fullest sense, the advantages
of free institutions all over the land in every
quarter of it, with all the blessings that will llow
irom the maintenance of free institutions, we
will by the fruits of that example and by the
blessiugs which are seen to ilow from our prac-
tice do very much more than by our tariil laws
to influence the minds of these people. 1 there-
fore prefer, in adjusting our tariff, not to get
into these questions as to how an article is pro-
duced, but to consider the nature of the article
itself, the need of our people fonts use in their
consumption of it; but to put such a duly
on tho article when imported as will accord
with the three points which 1 have before stated
we are bound as a Legislature to keep in view—
revenue to our own Government, protection to
our own industry, aud at tho same time a due
consideration of the cost to the consumer of
the article in our own country.
Mr. WOOD, I move to strike out tho last
word of the amendment, 1 regret that the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] has not
replied in the same spirit us that in which I
offered my amendment; that he has not recog-
nized and admitted his error and agreed to ail
appropriate application of tho principle which
1 have sought to establish by ingrafting it upon
this bill. But, sir, the gentleman's reply to
me has satislied me ot' something that before
I only perhaps feared was true, that all the
professions of that gentlemai) and his political
friends in l'avor of freedom aud of tho exten-
sion of the right of suffrage and of granting ex-
traordinary governmental favors and boons to
the African had reference to the United States
exclusively, so as to make that race, as an elect-
ive body, tributary and dependent upon the
party to which that gentleman is attached.
Now, when I seek to apply the test of sincerity
to their professions of devotion to freedom, and
to advance the inleresls and protect the rights
of the black man, the gentleman says, "Oh,
we do not wish to go into foreign countries."
No, sir; because the slaves ol Cuba do not
vote; because the gentleman cannot receive
any accessions to his own party irom the blacks
of Cuba. The gentleman's professions in favor
of freedom on this continent apply exclusively
to those who are of political and partisan ser-
vice to him and who are his political friends.
Now, 1 wish it to be distinctly understood,
that in offering this amendment I give to the
House an opportunity to show whether they
are the black man's friends or whether they
are not. I propose to discriminate in favor ol
freedom, and to oppose the introduction of
slave-grown sugar into the Dnited States upou
terms and conditions exclusively favoiable to
it. Tho gentleman and his friends can take
the responsibility of opposing my proposition
or not, as they think proper.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair desires to I
state at this point, one gentleman having been
heard on each side in this irrelevant debate,
that he must arrest it. The bill being a spe-
cial order, the rules require the debate to be
confined to the paragraph under consideration.
Mi;. KELLEx. I did not regard the debate
as quite irrelevant. It was on the gentleman's
proposition in reference to the duty on sugar
aud an argument why we should or should not
adopt it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair begs leave to
differ with the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. KELLBY. I wanted to ask the gen-
tleman from New York [ Mr. Wood] whether
lie had ever said as much for the colored man
before he became a voter, and whether tho
negro is not already a voter in Cuba, and
whether that fact may not have raised the
gentleman's interest in him?
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on the amend-
ment is exhausted.
The question was on Mr. Wood's amend
merit to the amendment, to insert after the
word " color, " in the amendment, th® words
" when imported from countries iu which in-
voluntary servitude or human slavery does not
exist."
The question was put; and there were—ayes
22, noes 45; no quorum voting.
Mr. WOOD. I call for tellers. I want to
see whoa.ro the friends of slavery. [Laughter.]
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Wood and
Mr. Wistaks were appointed.
Tho committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes thirty-eight, noes not counted.
So the amendment to tbe amendment was
rejected.
The question recurred on tho amendment
offered by Mr. Sheldon, of Louisiana.
Mr. GARFIELDE, of Washington. I movo
lo amend the paragraph by striking out "No. 12"
" and inserting "No. 14." Mr. Chairman, as
a brevet member of this House I feel some inter-
est in this question. The effect of this paragraph
as it now stands will be peculiar as applied to
the varioussections of the country. In tho first
place, it admits all raw or Muscovado sugars,
of whatever grade at 2 cents a pound. Now,
Muscovado sugar does at times go as high as No.
15, Dutch standard, and as a consequence is
white enough for ordinary use in families. So far
the proposition and object of the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means is accom-
plished. But as soon as you leave the article
of raw or Muscovado sugars and eomc to that
great class of sugars that is exclusively con-
sumed upon the Pacific coast, why all the
sugars rise above No. 12 and the farmer will
have to pay a duty of 3 cents a pound.
Nov/, what is the class of sugars used almost
exclusively upon our coast? Itis tlievaeuum-
pari sugars of the Sandwich Islands. I ask the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
if vacuum-pan sugar goes through a secondary
process at all? It is just as much an original
process as the raw or Muscovado sugar goes
through, and you are giving no more advantage
to the farmer, the producer, or the manufac-
turer, in allowing vacuum-pan sugars to come
in as high as Muscovado sugars do. If you say
that vacuum-pan sugar shall not come in at 2
cents per pound above No. 12, you reduce every
farmer and mechanic to the necessity of either
paying a duty of 3 cents a pound, or of using
black sugar. Is that fair? Is it just? Why
do the committee treat the vacuum-panning of
sugar as a secondary process, as a process of
manufacture, when the vacuum-pan process is
carried on at the sugar-works of every planter
iu the Sandwich Islands, and is as much the
work of a planter, aside from a manufacturer,
as is the production of Muscovado or raw sugar?
And as a consequence the people on the Pa-
cific coast, for every pound of sugar they con-
sume which is above No. 12, Dutch standard
in color, must pay 3 cents per pound duty,
while on this side of the continent you may
use Muscovado sugar of No. lo, Dutch stand-
ard, ot only 2 cents per pound duty ; yet thft
