1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
453
41st Cong....2d Sess
Franking Privilege—Mr. Flanagan.
Senate.
We are simply the new Europe. The old
never suffered slavery, nor could the new do so,
for any great length of time. The condition of
the American negro is anomalous. He is here by
our own wrong, and must be endured as one of
those punishments which descend from fathers
to children. _ But because we are compelled to
endure him it does not follow that we must
also incorporate into our family the cannibal of
the South seas. Our forefathers wisely inserted
"white" in the naturalization laws. I am
unwilling to see it struck out unless the word
" European " be substituted in its place. Chi-
nese suffrage would depopulate the Pacific
States. The people of those States are a unit
upon that point. 1 do not believe one intelli-
gent man can be found on the Pacific coast
who favors Chinese suffrage. And I respect-
fully submit that the opinion of an intelligent
people, unanimously expressed, is not to be
ignored by Congress. For my own part, I am
frank to say, I would prefer to relinquish my
right as an elector and submit to a military
government rather than share it with the Chi-
nese._ I hope, Mr. Speaker, that this bill will
be laid on the table.
Franking Privilege.
SPEECH OF HON. J. W. FLANAGAN,
of texas,
lint the sexate op the united status,
June 9, 1870.
Tiie Senate, as in Committee of the "Whole, having
under consideration the bill (h. R. No. 98ti) to abol-
ish the franking privilege-
Mr. FLANAGAN said:
Mr. President: I desire briefly to meet this
question, not by special pleading, but on its
merits. I did not expect the subject to come
up to-day; and therefore, while I shall not go
into any elaborate discussion of it, I will pre-
sent the general issue to some extent.
I am in favor of the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Drake,]
and I am then unqualifiedly opposed to the
abolition of the franking privilege, which to
me is indeed known as a great privilege. Why
do I oppose it? I am told by the chairman
of the Post Office Committee, the distinguished
Senator who has had this bill in charge, that
there are serious abuses resulting from the
franking privilege. I put in no special plea
there ; I take it for granted that the fact is as
he states. Sir, it is a question of great mag-
nitude. This is a mighty nation, and this priv-
ilege could not be otherwise than abused. It
is for man to err. Perfection has not been
reached.
It is no doubt a plain, unmistakable fact that
abuses are abroad. Will 1 be told, notwith-
standing that I am clearly of the opinion that
this is the best Government known to man,
that any of its departments are free from abuse?
Certainly not. Arrive at the conclusion that all
a,buses shall be wiped out, which should be if
practicable, I ask, where would you begin? You
would be at sea without a rudder or compass.
Can you go into a gold mine that ever existed
and dig large quantities of pure gold without
alloy? Certainly not. Then, love your Gov-
ernment, and be truly thankful that the frank-
i ng privilege is not more abused than it is. But
the question is, whether the benefitsarisingfrom
the great system do not greatly outweigh and
eclipse, intoto, the abuses spoken of? I am not
sufficiently aware of the facts; I have no data
before me to meet that question as I should
desire to meet it; but I go upon general prin-
ciples.
Then, sir, I come home, if you please, to
my own State. The name of Texas has been
used here occasionally, and I avail myself of
the opportunity now, in diiecl association with
this subject, to call the attention of the Senate
to that State.
We Have in the State of Texas about one
hundred newspapers. Our population, it is
known, is sparse, and that would argue, there-
fore, that they are a reading people. I main-
tain here to-day, Mr. President, that they are
not a set of cut-throats, who are to be taken
by the throat and have their brains knocked out.
Nor are they of that rebellious class of sub-
jects I have heard them spoken of as being.
We have a high-toned community there; we
have a reading class, and that fact I think is
fully evident from the number of papers they
are reading in their own State; but notwith-
standing that there is much talent and ability
with the printing profession with us, I think it
is much to be regretted that previous to the
war theteaching of nine tenths of it was directly
adverse to Republican principles, and thus it
is to-day; but by the free use and not abuse of
the franking privilege I hope at an early day to
realize a great change. It is no w rapidly going
on. We send North for good seed. I want
such sent out from the Capitol broadcast, such
as will subsist man; not only to be sown in the
gardens and fields, but likewise in the brain, in
the way of agricultural information as well as
other.
They want light. If I preferred darkness
rather than light I would vote to abolish the
franking privilege. But I am unqualifiedly for
education. I want education broadcast through-
out the Union. I want to educate the boys and
the little girls. I want to be educated myself.
I need education at this late day in my life.
The masses, and all colors and conditions, who
is it that does not desire education ?
Itellyou if the franking privilege is repealed
my State will be cut off from many blessings
that pertain to the franking privilege. If the
Republican party is such a one as it has been
represented to be to this nation ; if it is a pro-
gressive, enlightened, great party, as I think
it is, then most assuredly it is important that
that party while it has the control of this great
lever should use it, and use it to the best ad-
vantage. Therefore, being enabled to do so,
it should disseminate and promulgate its doc-
trines, the actions pertaining to that party, and
the laws which are enacted from day to day in
the Congress of the United States.
Is there anything transpiring here that Con-
gress are desirous of withholding from the
nation? If there be it would be very proper
to vote for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege. I want, however, our actions here to
be heralded throughout the country, and if we
do wrong let the people of the United States
pass upon it. If we are enacting good laws
and inculcating wholesome doctrines, then I
want the country to receive the benefits of
them; and if this franking privilege is cut off
the documents never can reach tho people.
How do the missionary churches of the Uni-
ted States send missionaries to the heathen ?
The answer might be, by franking. Money is
provided and the gospel promulgated through-
out the world abroad; this simply does the
same at home to white and colored.
Senators argue that because the other branch
of Congress have almost unanimously passed
this bill, therefore we should pass it. That is
not an argument that is at all conclusive with
me. I speak for myself, however, on this occa-
sion. It has been stated that there were but
seventeen votes against this measure in the
other House. That is no criterion for us to
go by. 1 have a very high opinion of the intel-
ligence, the capability, the earnestness, and the
zeal for the good of the nation, in every sense
of the word, of the other House; but I must
judge upon this measure for myself. I look
at the facts when they are presented to me,
and it is not my business to inquire whence
they come. It is sufficient that I meet them
here and recognize them as legitimate for action
before the Senate. I promise to meet this
question in no demagogical manner, but in a
straightforward business view, looking to the
great interests of the Government. That is my
stand-point, whether popular or not.
I think it is for the interest of the nation at
large that this franking privilege should not be
repealed. I was amused at the illustration
used by my distinguished friend, the chairman
of the committee, for whom the God of nature
has done so much, physically and in every
sense of the word, in the course of his argu-
ment. He invited us back to the days of our
infancy, when there were, you may say, but
half a dozen postmasters in the country, and
now the estimate as given by him is that we
have thirty-three thousand. I am called upon
almost daily, mail after mail, by my constitu-
ents to secure the establishment of other post
offices; and thus the number is increasing
rapidly. But, as I listened to the able argument
of the chairman on that subject, it occurred to
me that I should be very much pleased to see
him now trying to get into a pair of pants that
his mother made for him when he was ten years
old. [Laughter.] I do not think the effort
would be a very successful one on his part, he
having grown to some two hundred pounds,
and increasing in corpulency like our great
nation in postmasters.
That illustrates this subject in my view very
clearly. What $10,000 would have done at
that day $100,000 will not do now. When we
declared our independence we were but some
three million people, and we now approximate
to nearly forty millions, and the percentage
of increase is going on in that rapid propor-
tion. It is like counting the nails in the horse-
shoe and doubling a few times, until you are
lost in the magnitude of the sum. Thus I see
the mighty future of this great nation, if our
Government be perpetuated, aslhope, in God's
name, it may be. But to perpetuate it the doc-
trine with me is not to put out the lights, but
to improve, if you please, upon the great dis-
covery which has enabled us to light up this
mighty building, the Capitol of the United
States, with gas. Let us go on making im-
provement upon improvement.
I desire to be able at all times to be the
instrument to send knowledge and information
to the great State of Texas, which I have the
honor in part ts represent. What can I say
for that State? I can say without boasting,
because it is true, that there are ten million
head of cattle running upon those vast wild
prairies, and mules and horses almost without
number, and she now ranks any State in the
Union in the number of cotton bales produced.
The people there are all interested in the price
of beef, if you please, and I want to give them
the telegraphic dispatches, if necessary, show-
ing them what the price is in Now York and
elsewhere. I want to give them all the facts
connected with the history and progress of man;
to give them information on all subjects, and
in the cheapest possible manner. If it does
cost the Government a considerable amount,
who is it that is prepared to say that the Gov-
ernment is not abundantly able to pay it?
Why, sir, the Government can pay with less
difficulty to-day the millions that are enumer-
ated by my distinguished friend, the chairman
of the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads, than it could the thousands that he speaks
of in the years of our infancy as a nation.
Therefore, let us go on in our old course. Let
the intellect be improved. Let information be
spread abroad in every sense of the word. Our
people are a reading people, and I am all
anxiety that they should be enabled to have
all the documents that emanate from the Con-
gress of the United States, or anything that
may come into the possessiomof the represent-
atives of the people at large. They are enti-
