1870.
THE CONGKESSIOtfAL GLOBE.
2411
vacuum-pan sugar of the Sandwich islands is
produced by free labor, while the Muscovado
sugar is produced by slave labor. I say that
the argument of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Wood] was of more moment than at first
appeared, because this does discriminate be-
tween free labor and slave labor, and, so far
as this particular grade of sugar is concerned,
against the Pacific coast and in favor of the
Atlantic coast. Now I ask that we upon the
Pacific coast shall be granted the same grade of
sugar at the same rate of duty that is enjoyed
by the Atlantic coast.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I would remind the gen-
tleman fromWashington [Mr. Garfielde] that
the grades of sugar ordinarily known are Nos.
12, 15, &c., Dutch standard in color. I there-
fore suggest to him to modify his amendment
so that it shall read " 15 Dutch standard" in-
stead of "14 Dutch standard," if, as I have
no doubt, his amendment is offered in good
faith.
Mr. GARFIELDE, of Washington. Iaccept
the suggestion of the gentleman, and will mod-
ify my amendment accordingly.
Mr. KELLEY. I feel some delicacy in ar-
guing a Pacific coast question with the eloquent
gentleman fromWashington, [Mr. Garfielde.]
But I have here an article from a leading com-
mercial paper of the Pacific coast, the Alta
Californian, of date January 17, 1870, in which
J find the following:
" The congressional Committee of Ways and Means
has, according to the telegraph, decided to retain the
duty on coal and to modify that on sugar. This pro-
posed action will be very acceptable to California
interests in both cases, since the sugar consumption
being very large undera duty subjects thoconsumers
to an aggregate tax of $2,000,000 coin per annum,
which is taken out of our circulation and sent East.
Sinjar is an article of such universal consumption as
to become a necessary, and a tax of 100 per cent, upon
its u?c is inordinate, and inure so that none is pro-
duced on the coast,"
The writer of that article evidently saw that
if sugar was produced there this duty would not
be a. tax upon the people of the coast, but it
would tend to the development of their indus-
try, and so compensate for any additional cost
that might temporarily be imposed upon the
sugar. The sugars of the Sandwich Islands
are among the lightest colored sugars ; and if
ibey are in the habit of preparing them by
means of the vacuum pail they can prepare
them by a simple process and import them to
be clarified and refined in the States.
The argument 1 made in reply to the gentle-
man from Iowa [Mr. Allisos] is pertinent
here, and I reiterate it because I wish to im-
press it upon members. By this vacuum pro-
cess the foreigner gets rid of the molasses and
waste, and pays duty only on the clear sugar,
while the American importer and refiner, im-
porting raw sugar for clarifying, pays a duty of
cents per pound on 20 pounds of molasses,
which the foreigner sends in at a duty of five
eighths of a cent per pound. He also pays a
duty of 3 cents per pound upon waste, while
the foreigner who has used the vacuum-pan
in ocess pays none of that duty at all; therefore
the American refiner and the American con-
sumer pays duty and freight on 27 pounds out
of every 100 pounds, which their foreign rival
escapes. This clause was inserted not as a
matter of protection, but to remove the invid-
ious discrimination against our own industry
and our own capital. It applies with equal
force to the Pacific coast, and, as I am happy
to say, it has the indorsement of the leading
commercial paper on that coast.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was upon the amendment moved
by Mr. Garfielde, of Washington, to make the
clause read as follows :
On all raw or Muscovado sugar, and on all other
sugars not above No. 15 Dutch standard in color,
2 cents per pound.
Upon a division there were—ayes 27, noes
43; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Garfielde,
of Washington, and Mr. Maynard were ap-
pointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 51, noes 63.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. WINANS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out all after the word " all"
and before the word "two," and inserting the
word "sugars," so that the paragraph will
read, " on all sugars 2 cents a pound."
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a question of
order. The Committee of the Whole has al-
ready incorporated in this paragraph certain
words which the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Winans] proposes to strike
out. I submit that such a proposition is not
in order.
The CHAIRMAN. No amendment is in
order which impairs the force of an amend-
ment already adopted. The Chair therefore
decides that this amendment is not in order.
Mr. WINANS. I submit that it is compe-
tent to strike out what has already been in-
serted, together with other words.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order made by the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard.]
Mr. WINANS. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee suggests to me that I can accomplish
my object by offering the amendment in another
form. I therefore move to amend by adding
to the pending paragraph the words "and all
other sugars." I wish to say to gentlemen of
the committee that I offer this motion in good
faith. In connection with this amendment I
wish to refer to some statistics embraced in the
report of the Special Commissioner of the Reve-
nue. Under the tariff law as it now exists
there are some four or five classes of sugar.
The duty on the lowest class, that is, sugar not
above No. 12 Dutch standard, is 3 cents per
pound. The next class is sugar above No. 12
and not exceeding No. 15, on which the duty
is 3J cents per pound. On sugar over No. 15
and not exceeding No. 20 the duty is 4 ccnts
per pound. On loaf and other refined sugars
exceeding No. 20 thedutyis 5 cents per pound.
I wish to call attention to the revenue which
has been raised under this tariff. Upon the
lowest grade of sugar, paying the lowest rate
oi' duty, the revenue for one year was $28,-
104,952 86; on the nextgrade, $1,929,618 74;
on the next, $529,751 04; and on the highest
grade only $20,912 75.
Now, Mr. Chairman, it is well known to
every gentleman of the committee that large
quantities of refined sugars are consumed in
this country; yet by this showing compar-
atively no revenue was raised upon refined
sugars. Why'? Because the duties upon sugars
of' that grade were protective and prohibitory
duties; and the taxes which the people paid
upon refined sugars, instead of going into the
Treasury of the Government, went into the
pockets of the refiners, who have been made
wealthy at the expense of the consumers.
What I propose is that these refiners of sugar
shall be protected only to the extent that the
producers of sugar are protected. If a uniform
duty of 2 cents per pound be levied on all sugars
the refiners and the producers will be equally
benefited, and at the same time the Treasury
will be largely leenfoiced. We have already
adopted a uniform specific duty upon all grades
of coffee; we have adopted a uniform specific
duty upon all grades of tea. Why should we
not, upon the same principle, adopt a uniform
specific duty upon all grades of sugar?
Mr. LYNCH. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Wi-
KAXS.j If the gentleman understood the pro-
cess of manufacturing sugar he would not have
proposed his amendment,. If sugar comes in
below No. 12 it comes in, as the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] has said,
with the molasses in it to a great extent._ That
sugar coming in with the molasses in it pays,
according to the provision of this bill, a duty
of 2 cents a pound, and if the molasses comes
in separately from the sugar it pays a duty of
five eighths of a cent per pound. Now, the
proposition of the gentleman is to allow the
molasses to be extracted from the sugar abroad,
and that the sugar with the molasses thus ex-
tracted shall pay a duty of only 2 cents a pound,
though it be refined up to No. 15, or No, 18, or
No. 20. So you are defrauding the Govern-
ment by that arrangement and breaking up
every refinery in the country.
The gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Allison]
has proposed an amendment here which he
says is against the refineries of the country;
but I say that he must have been imposed on,
because it is much more in the interest of re-
fineries than the amendment of the Committee
of Ways and Means.
Mr. ALLISON. Has the gentleman any
refinery in his district?
Mr. LYNCH. I have one in my district.
Mr. ALLISON. Well, sir, I have none in
mine.
Mr. KELLEY. In them are invested
$35,000,000 of the capital of the country.
Mr. LYNCH. I have no interest whatever
in that refinery.
Now, the gentleman from Iowa proposes to
increase the duty half a cent per pound on all
sugar above N o. 12 Dutch standard, and above
No. 15, to increase it 1 cent per pound. He
proposes to discriminate to that extent in favor
of sugars which are most usually used by re-
fineries. Sugars about No. 12 are notused for
consumption, but when you get above No. 12
to No. 14 and 15 and 16 
A Member. Is there No. 14?
Mr. LYNCH. There is such a number as
14. They run consecutively from 12 up. They
run up and down. They run by single numbers,
12, 13,14,15,16, 17,18,19, and20. The Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, if they are raw or
Muscovado sugars—and some do run as high
as No. 18, and they are for consumption—put
them at 2 cents per pound. When the gen-
tleman from Iowa gets to sugars which enter
into the consumption of the people he puts 1
ccnt a pound upon them more than the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means; and to that extent
1 say he favors the refineries of sugar. He
discriminates against the low numbers in favor
of the refineries and not in the interest of the
consumers. On all sugar above No. 15 and
not above 20 he puts 1 cent per pound more
than the Committee of Ways and Means. Any
gentleman acquainted with the refining process
will see.this is a discrimination in favor of the
refineries. Clarified sugar which he leaves out
comes in with a tariff of 8 cents a pound.
Very little comes in under No. 15. Every
refiner knows that.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. I wish to move an
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. No further amendment
is in order.
The question recurred on Mr. Winans's
amendment to the amendment.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes seven, noes not counted.
" So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to strike out
:i 2" in the amendment submitted by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Schenck,] and
to insert "2};" so that it will read "2J- cents
per pound."
Now, Mr. Chairman, when we had the sub;
ject of teas under discussion the chairman ot
the Committee of Ways and Means said it would
not do to impose a graduated duty on that arti-
cle, because if you did you would not get any
revenue, while under the system he proposed
yo u would get a large revenue. Here is a chance
for the gentleman to display his love of consist-
ency. The Committee of Ways and Means
report a graduated duty upon sugar. W e^have
raw or Muscovado sugar, clarified sugar, Yenned,
stove-dried, loaf, lump, crushed, powdered or
granulated sugar, and sugars No. 12, and so on
