1870.
THE CONGBESSIOWAL GLOBE.
3355
ing the way to such expense, and adduce it as
adding to the expenditures of the country ? He
calls tor frugality. I offer a specimen of fru-
gality. Here is a proposition of only $13,000,
in order to secure to our people opportunities
worth, I will not say how much, but infinitely
more. I call that frugality. Theu my friend
from Vermont calls it contemptible, and wishes
on that account that it shall be voted down.
In reply to him I content myself with saying
that the commissioner selected by the Depart-
ment of State, familiar with the subject, who
has acted as commissioner throughout the Paris
exhibition, and therefore knows the cost, re-
ports that the total required will be $13,000;
and he gives the items which I have already
read. Now, sir, I infer from these items and
this report of the commissioner that this exhi
bition is not to be on the scale of the Paris
exhibition.
Here is no open door to subsequent appro-
priations; bnt here is a simple, frugal appro-
priation in no respect contemptible, because
it is adequate, and if it is adopted it will open
the door to very considerable advantages for
our people. Sir, our position among the na-
tions as a manufacturing people, as a commer-
cial people, as a civilized people, has its obli-
gations. We must take part in the great move-
ments of civilization, and our people have a
right to expect through their Government that
these opportunities shall be secured. Here is
a very small, simple proposition by which these
opportunities shall be secured. Will the Sen-
ate of theUnited States throw itselfin the way?
Mr. YATES. Mr. President, as was re-
marked by the Senator from New York, this is
the hour for frugality. This amount will not
accomplish the object, and as to voting a larger
amount I do not intend to do it. We under-
stand that this Congress is a Congress in favor
of retrenchment and reform. I would make a
motion, if it were necessary to kill the propo-
sition of the Senator from Massachusetts, to
strike out this appropriation of $13,000, and
insert an appropriation of $18,000 to be applied
to the purchase of an artificial limb for each
of our Boldiers who lost a leg or an arm in the
war for the suppression of the rebellion. I
know that my friend from Massachusetts is a
friend of the fine arts and that this exhibition I
would contribute very much perhaps to im- !
provement in the fine arts, especially if the
appropriation be large enough; but I think
$13,000 will not help the fine arts very much,
and I think at this time, when our argument is ,
retrenchment and reform, we had better think
a little about the rough arts than the fine arts. I
Let us provide for our soldiers, reduce the i
taxes,if we can; and, in regard to every prop- J
osition of this kind where the argument is, " It
is a small sum ; it will not hurt the Treasury," ;
let it be remembered tbatin the aggregate these :
small sums amount to more than we give to our ;
soldiers; more than we give to what is useful to
the country. I hope the proposition will not
be adopted. !
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An- j
THoirr in the chair.) The question is on the j
amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts i
[Mr. Sumner] as modified on the suggestion
of the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.] |
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 12, nays 36; as follows: j'
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brownlow, Flanagan, ii
Hamilton of Texas. Harlan, Nye, Sawyer, Spencer, jj
Sumner, Vickers, and Warner—12. i
. J«AYS—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Boreman, Buck- j
injnam, Casserly, Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Corbett, |
wafin, Davis, Drake, Edmunds, Penton, Ferry, i
Hamilton of Marylnnd, Hamlin, Howe, Howell, ,
Johnston, Lewis, McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Mor- I
nllof Vermont, Osborn, Pratt, Ramsey. Ross,Scott, i!
pberman. Stewart, Tipton, Trumbull, Willey, Wil- !
hams, and Yates—36.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Cameron, Carpenter, '
^attell. Fowler, Gilbert, Harris, Howard, Kellogg,
Mctreery, Morton, Norton, Patterson. Pomeroy,
fpol. Revels, Rice, Robertson, Saulsbury, Schurz,
Stockton, Thayer, Tburman, and Wilson—24.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Idesiretoofferanamend-
ment to come in on page 30, at the end of line
j! seven hundred and thirty-two.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask my friend
to allow me now to finish the amendments
j reported by the Committee on Appropriations.
| Mr. WILLIAMS. Very well.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to have
a vote taken now on the amendment of the
Committee on Appropriations, on page 34 of
the bill. I ask that the amendment be reported,
so that we may see precisely how it stands.
The Chief Clerk. The Committee on Ap-
; propriations report to amend the clause by
striking out the words "one clerk at $1,800;
one clerk at $1,600; one clerk at $1,400;
one messenger at $840; stationery, $600;
library, $1,000; collecting statistics and writ-
ing and compiling matter for annual and spe-
cial reports, $3,000; contingencies, $1,260;
in all, $14,500," and to insert in lieu thereof
the words "and two clerks of class one, in all
$5,400; " so as to read :
For Commissioner of Education, $3,000; and two
clerks of class one, in all $5,400.
I This clause of the bill has been amended by
adding the following proviso:
That from and after the30th day of June,
18(0, tue clerical force in the office of said Commis-
sioner shall be as in this section authorized.
! ^ Mr. DRAKE. I do not wish to prolong the
discussion on this amendment. I would appeal
! to the Senator from Maine, the chairman of the
1 Committee on Appropriations, to withdraw this
; amendment from this bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator will
see that the chairman of the committee has no
control over that. It is an amendment of the
committee. But as the sense of the Senate is
apparently with the Senator, I submit to him
that we might as well take the vote upon it now.
Mr. DRAKE. I should be glad if the chair-
man would do so much justice to himself, to
the committee, and to the Senate as to with-
draw his advocacy of the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senator
puts it on that ground I have a word to say to
, him. The Committee on Appropriations do
not ask the judgment of the Senator from
Missouri on the question of the justice of their
action. I had occasion to say that the com-
mittee reported this amendment in harmony
with the law; and standing on the law they do
not understand how it is that- they are obnox-
ious to the judgment of the Senate for having
done their duty in that regard. That is all
that the chairman of the committee has said;
and that is the attitude of the committee.
Now, if the Senate chooses to increase the ser-
vice beyond the provisions of the law, neither
the chairman of that committee nor the com-
mittee itself has questioned the propriety of
so doing. Therefore I submit to my honor-
able friend that there i3no occasion for making
an appeal before the Senate or the country to
relieve the committee from putting themselves
in the way of what he supposes to be manifest
justice toward a great cause. I had not felt
nervous about this subject at all, though there
had been a great deal of discussion in the di-
rection as if the committee were putting itself
in the attitude of hostility to the cause of edu-
cation. All the comments I have made on
the subject heretofore have been simply by
way of explaining why it was that we moved
the amendment; and secondly, touching the
question of education, if you please, that this
was a very inadequate mode of accomplishing
what its friends desire.
Mr. DRAKE. If the honorable Senator
from Maine had not interrupted my remarks,
he would have perceived in less than a minute
after he did interrupt them that there was no
occasion for the resentment he has displayed
on account of what I said. The appeal to him
was based upon the fact that the bill has now
been so amended as to get rid of the objection
which the committee found to allowing the
House provision to remain in the bill. The
Senate has put on an amendment declaring by
law what snail be the clerical force of that
bureau; and because that had been done, it
seemed to me to take away the substantive
ground for the action of the Committee on
Appropriations in movingto strike out the extra
provision which the House had inserted in the
bill. It was solely upon that ground that I
appealed to the committee to be just to itself;
that the ground^ having been removed upon
which it based its amendment there was no
longer occasion for the amendment to be
pressed; not because I wanted to pass an y
censure upon the committee or to comment
upon its action unfavorably in any way.
But, Mr. President, a3 1 said, I do not wi.*h
to prolong the debate on this subject. The
subject has been presented, and in my opinion
the simple point of choice before the Senate
to-day is this: whether they will give the Bu-
reau of Education a sufficient force to work
with to any effect, or whether they will strangle
it by suffocation—make it imbecile, and then
abolish it because of its imbecility.
Mr. HOWELL. I have a word or two to
say on this question in addition to what I said
the other day. I am opposed, as I said then,
to this appropriation outside of the provisions
of law. I do not know for my own part what
are the functions and what are the purposes
of this Bureau of Education. I am convinced
of one thing, however: if this appropriation
for the Bureau of Education is to amount to
anything practically the appropriation should
be $1,000,000 per annum rather than the
amount named in the bill.
The Bureau of Education has been compared
to the bureau of agriculture, and Senators
have relied upon the advantages which have
j resulted to the country from the bureau of
j agriculture as promising equal advantages
i from a bureau on the subject of education,
j There is no similarity whatever between the
j two subjects, or between the operations of the
! Department of Agriculture and the Bureau of
Education. It is not practicable, in the first
place. The question ofagriculture, or the pro mo-
; tion of the agricultural interestsof the country, is
I not a subject that the States by legislation take
hold of and organize so as to carry it into all
the townships and school districts and neigh-
borhoods of the country, and actually to manip-
ulate and support and sustain by provisions
\ of law, even under the State laws, a system of
; agriculture. The agricultural departments of
j the States are, as a general thing, organized
! voluntarily and supported incidentally by small
appropriations and by regulations of the State
laws and State authorities. The United States
Government can come in and aid those opera-
tions of the various States of the Union by
collecting information, by collecting specimens
of agricultural products in different parts of
the country and in foreign countries, and thus
iutroduce them into the various States', for the
benefit of the various State agricultural socie-
ties and the local societies of the country.
But in this matter of education we have a
very different subject to deal with. If the
department of education is to amount to any-
thing, as it does in the States, you must, in
the first place, organize a State department in
each State, which shall supervise and regulate
all the schools of the State down to the school
districts, and take actual practical supervision
of them ; you must make appropriations by
law for the support of the schools ; aud you
must provide by law that in each school dig-
trict taxes may be levied and imposed on the
citizens of the school district, in accordance
with State law, for the purpose of supporting
the schools and promoting education. All
the provisions in regard to common-school
education are made by State law, aud carried
out under State superintendence, and brought
home to the people in the school districts, and
there manipulated under State authority en-
tirely.
Now, how are you to come in with an edu-
