186%
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
155
of their track is of American and what portion
of foreign rail. Otherwise I have no objection
to the gentleman's proposition.
The amendment was adopted. - . •
Mr. WHEELER. I move to amend, as fol-
lows:
In lino eight, section twenty-seven, after the word
"leased" insert " and what sum per mile or gross
sum per road."
In line eleven, after the word "the " insert "ori-
ginal," and after tho word "charter " insert "and
subsequent acts of legislation in "amendment of or in
addition thereto, or by any other pretended author-
ity."
In line eleven, after the word "up"insert"amount
actually issued, discriminating between common and
preferred stock, and stating tho dividends paid on
either or both classes of stock during the preceding
corporate year."
In line twenty-one, after the word " tracks " insert
"also the amount donated in lands, money, bonds,
or credits by the Government of the United States,
or by any of the State governments, or by any mu-
nicipal or other corporation, and tho amount of such
lands still hold and owned."
In line nineteen, after the word "debt" insert
"specifying the nature and duration thereof, and
how secured, and tho rate of interest agreed to bo
paid thereon and all parts thereof."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POTTER, I move to amend the pend-
ing section by inserting after the word " cor-
poration," in line three, the words "or lessee or
receiver thereofalso by inserting after the
word "facts," at the end of the third line, the
words "so far as they respectively possess the
same ;" so that the clause will read :
That the Superintendent of the Census shall require
and obtain from every railroad corporation or lesseo
or receiver thereof in the United States the following
facts, so far as they respectively possess the same, to
exhibit the condition of such company on tho 1st
June, 1870, or at the date of the last annual report
made since June 1, 1869.
I desire to call the attention of the gentle-
man having charge of this bill to the fact that
as drawn it provides that the various inform-
ation specified in the bill shall be given by
the corporation owning the railway, when, as
matter of fact, there are many corporations
whose roads have been leased or otherwise out
of their actual possession, and in sucli cases
the corporations cannot possibly give the re-
quired information. The information ought
to come from the party possessing it; that is
to say, that the corporation itself should give
the information relating to its stock, its capi-
tal, and its debts ; but where it has leased its
line to another the corporation or party in pos-
session should furnish the information as to the
working of the line, for the party in actual pos-
session can alone give such information. My
amendment looks solely to so discriminating
that information shall be required only from
the party able to furnislTit.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I think that is
agood amendment, and hope it will be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POTTER. I also desire to move a fur-
ther amendment, which is to insert in line
twenty-one, after the word "tracks," the
words "or other railway uses." I presume
that the object of the section as reported is to
require corporations having land grants to spe-
cify the amount of land held under such grants.
As there are, however, many cases where cor-
porations own small parcels of land, such as for
gravel-pits, for cattle-yards, and other railway
uses, the quantities of which they would be re-
quired to return under the section as it now
stands, this would be a useless and annoying
requisition. My suggestion, therefore, is to
amend the section so that it will read "exclus-
ive of that used for stations, buildings, wharves,
and other railway uses."
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the gentleman
will withdraw his amendment I will move a
substitute for this part of the section which will
cover it.
Mr. POTTER. I will withdraw the amend-
ment for that purpose.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The language of
the bill on page 28 has some mistakes of print-
ing, and in order that they may be corrected J
move to strike out the following:
The name of the corporation or company, with cor-
porate name of lines leased; the number of miles of
itsroadsprojected; thenumber of miles completed;
the number of miles leased; miles of double track
exclusive of sidings; capital stock allowed by the
charter; amount paid up; number of mail stations;
highest grade, including curvature in each division
operated; total cost of track and equipment of the
road, cost of grading and masonry, including engi-
neering; exhibiting separately cost of bridges, of
stations, buildings, fixtures, of land and land dam-
ages, of iron rails, of sleepers, of fenccs, of locomo-
tives, of passenger and baggage cars, of freight cars,
and cost of purchase of other lines and of telegraphs.
Also, total amount of debt; also, acres of land held
exclusive of that used for stations, buildings, wharves,
and tracks. Also, amount of rolling stock, exhibiting
separately serviceable locomotives; unserviceable
locomotives; passenger cars; sleeping cars; mail,
baggage, and express cars; box cars; stock cars;
freight and coal cars. Also, total number of em-
ployes, exhibiting, separately, the number connected
with tho general administration, conductors, sta-
tionmasters, ticketagents. brakemen, engineers, fire-
men,flagmen and gatemen, mechanics and laborers.
Aud in lieu thereof insert the following:
Tho name of the corporation or company, with
corporate name of lines leased: tho number of miles
of road projected, and the terminal points of the
same; tho number of miles completed; tho number
of miles leased; miles of double track, exclusive of
sidings; capital stock alio wed by the charter; amount
paid up; number of mail stations; total cost of road
and equipment, and cost of purchase of other lines
of road and of telegraphs. The total amount of debt,
exhibiting separately the funded and unfunded debt;
also tho number of acres of land derived from pub-
lic grants remaining unsold. The amount of rolling
slock, exhibiting separately ser viccablelocomotivcs:
unscrviceablo locomotives; passengcrcars; sleeping
cars; mail, baggage, and express cars; box cars;
stock cars: freight and coal cars. Also total num-
ber of employes, exhibiting separately the number
of conductors, station-masters, ticket agents, brake-
men, engineors, firemen, llagmen and gatemen,
mechanics and laborers.
Mr. POTTER. I think that the substitute
meets Ihe objection 1 made and others I was
about to make. It seems to be proper, and I
hope it will be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to insert in the
section, as amended, the words, just before
where the total cost of the road is required,
"highest grade including curvature in each
division operated."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to amend
by striking out all after the word " mails," in
the ihirty-first Hue, down to and including the
word li trains," intheforty-fifthline,andinsert-
ing the following:
From mifccllanoous sources; also tho total ex-
penditure of the corporation, including separately
the kind and cost of fuel; the amount of national,
State, cind municipal taxation; interest on bonds
and other debts ; dividends paid within the year in
cash; dividends paid within tho year in stock; re-
pairs of track and bridges; repairs of rolling-stock;
other repairs, damages to froight; payments for per-
sonal injuries: telegraph expenses and repairs; new
structures and other permanent improvements; also
the operations of tho road, exhibiting separately tho
mileage of passenger trains; tho mileage of freight
trains; mileage of repair and wood and gravel trains.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TWICHELL. I move to amend by
striking out all after the word "facts," in the
third line, and insert in lieu thereof the fol-
lowing :
Total amount expended for agencies and other
expenses; capital stock; number of shares of capital
stock issued; capital paid in; funded debt; floating
debt; cost of road and equipment; for graduation
and masonry; for bridges; total amount expended
for superstructure, including iron; total amount
expended tor stations, buildings, and fixtures; total
amount expended for land, land damages, and
fences; total amount expended for locomotives;
total amount expended for passenger and baggage
cars; total amount expended for merchandise cars;
total amount expended for engineering; total amount
expended for agencies and other expenses during the
past year; total costof road and equipment; amount
of assets or property held by the corporation in
addition to the cost of the road,
Characteristics of Road.—Length of road: length of
single track; length of double track; length of
branches owned or operated by the company, stating
whether they have a single or double track; aggre-
gate length of sidings and other tracks, excepting
main track and branches; weight of rail per yard in
main road; weight of rail per yard in branch roads,
(specify the different weights per yard;) .maximum
grade, with its length, in main road; maximum
grade, with its length, in branch roads; total rise
and fall in main road; total rise and fall in branch
roads; shortest radius of curvature, with length of
curve, in main road; shortest radius of curvature,
with lengtkof curve, in branch roads; total degrees
of curvature in main road; total degrees of curva-
ture in branch roads; total length of straight line in
main road; total length of straight line in branches •
aggregate length of wooden truss bridges; aggregate
length of another wooden bridges; aggregate length
of iron bridges; whole length of road unfenced on
both sides; number of public ways crossed at grade *
number of railroads crossed at grade; way stations
for express trains; way stations for accommodation
trains; flag stations; whole number of way stations;
whole number of flag stations.
Doings fairing the year.—Miles run by passenger
trains; miles run by froight trains; miles run by
other trains; total miles run; number of passengers
carried in the cars; number of passengers carried
one mile; number of tons of merchandise carried in
tho ears; number^f tons of merchandise carried one
mile; number of passengers carried one mile to and
from other roads; number of tons carried one mile
to and from other roads; rate of speed adopted for
express passenger trains, including stops; average
rate of speed actually attained by express passenger
trains, including stops and detentions: rate of speed
adopted for accommodation trains; rate of speed
actually attained by accommodation trains, includ-
ing stops and detentions; average rate of speed
actually attained by special trains, including stops
and detentions: average rate of speed adopted for
freight trains, including stops.
Expenditures for Working the Road.—For repairs
of road, maintenance of way, and renewals of iron;
number of men employed, exclusive of those engaged
in construction; for removing ice and snow, (this
item to include all labor, tools, repairs, and extra
steam power used.)
MotivePotoer and Cars.—For repairs of locomotives;
for repairs of passenger cars; for repairs of merchan-
dise cars; for repairs of gravel and other cars; num-
ber of engines; number of passenger cars; number
of baggage cars; number of merchandise cars; num-
ber of other cars.
Miscellaneous.—For fuel u^ed by engines during
the year: for oil used by cars and engines; for waste
and other material for cleaning; for salaries, wages,
and incidental expenses, chargeable to passenger
department; for salaries, wages, and incidental ex-
penses, chargeable to freight department; for gra-
tuities and damages; for taxes and insurance; for
ferries; for repairs of station buildings, aqueducts,
fixtures, furniture; for renewals of iron, including
laying down, [included in road repairs;] for new iron
laid down, deducting thevalueof old iron taken up;
for amount paid other companies, in tolls for passen-
gers and freight carried on their roads, specifying
each company; for amount paid other companies as
rent for use of their roads, specifying each company;
for salaries of president, treasurer, superintendent,
law expenses, office expenses of tho above offices*
and all other expenses not included in any of the
foregoing items; total expenditures for working the
road; total amount of-interest paid during the year.
Income during ihe Year— For passengers: 1. On
main road, including branches owned or operated by
company; 2. To and from other roads, specifying
what. For freight: 1. On main road and branches
owned or operated by company; 2. To and from other
connecting roads; United States mails; rents; ex-
press ; total income; net earnings, after deducting
expenses.
Total Dividends Paid or declared during the Year.—
Surplus not divided.
'Estimated Depreciation beyond the Renewals.—Of
roads and bridges; buildings; engines and cars.
Mortgage Debts.—Amount of debts secured by mort-
gage of road and franchise, or any property of the
corporation; number of mortgages on road and fran-
chise, or any property of the corporation.
Mr. Chairman, my intention was to embrace
every item of information that could be desired
by the House or the country. I believe I have
done so. If I have not done so I will be glad
if any gentleman will point out defects. 1
believe the amendment covers the whole
ground, and I hope it will be adopted. I have
no desire to keep back any information that
the country is entitled to.
Mr. ALLISON. I listened as carefully a«
I could to the reading of the amendment pro-
posed by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Twiohell,] and I do not think it is an
improvement on the section as it stands. I
think the gentleman from Massachusetts in-
cludes unnecessary details with reference to
some minor matters and entirely omits some
very important matters.
I do not think that it is especially important
to ascertain the number of miles of curvature
and the number of miles of straight line. The
section as it stands proposes to ascertain the
" highest grade, including curvature." Now,
certainly that is all that is practicable or neces-
sary. The gentleman's amendment proposes
a great many things in addition which it seems
