1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5243
of all the statements of the family; and from what
I saw myself, and from what was told me by very
respectable citizens of the county, I have no doubt
of the truthfulness of all tho statements of Jose
Dominguez in his petition. In my judgment, there
cannot be presented a case calling morelor the equit-
able interposition of the Government, to protect the
grant of tho former Government to the family, than
this, and 1 earnestly ask that you will examine the
papers, and make an effort in their behalf.
LEVI PARSONS.
The committee are satisfied, from the documents
and papers before them, that at the time this writer
claims to have been at Santa Barbara the fact was
generally known that Jose Dominguez hadlong since
parted with his interest in the tract of land known
as Los Prictos y Najalayegua; that he never lived
on it: and that the land containing the big grape-
vine had never been considered as constituting a
part of that ranch; that the family of Dominguez
made no claim to its ownership, the original grantee
having voluntarily parted with any titieheinay have
had tor one dollar, more than nine years before Mr.
Parsons's visit, and that gentleman would have
experienced no difficulty in obtaining satisfactory
information on all these points had it beenhisdesire
to become possessed of the real facts in the case.
Your committee cannot resist the conclusion that
tho writer of the above letter, as well as the writer
of the memorial, fraudulently misrepresented the
facts pertaining to said claim for the purpose of
deceiving the Senate and the House, and by such
means obtaining the confirmation of a grant that
could have been confirmed in no other way than
through a misapprehension of its real character.
In support of the above conclusions the commit-
tee present tho affidavits of Jose Dominguez and
oiheis, as follows:
Affidavit of Jost Dominouez.
State of California, County of Santa Barbara:
Jose Dominguez, being first duly sworn, deposes
and says that he is a native citizen of Santa Baibara
county, California; that he is now over seventy years
of age; chat he was formerly owner of the rancho of
Los Prietos y .Najalayegua by grant from the Mexi-
can Government; that he was in possession ot said
rancho, or parts thereof, from the time when the
grant was made, in 1845, till about the year 1856; that
he never had any dwelling-house ou said ranch, nor
did he make any improvements thereon, except one
small corral; that he never resided on said ranch
with his family; and that said ranch lay at that time,
ami, as this deponent verily believes, still lies in the
valley between the mountains of San .Rafael on the
north and the mountains of Santa Barbara on the
south; and that no part or parcel of said rancho lies
on the south side of the Santa Barbara mountains;
and that he never heard, during all that time, that
Najalayegua, or any portion of it, lay on tho south
side ot the Santa Barbara mountains; and deponent
fuithcr sajs that duiingall that time, from 1845to
1856, he resided on a tract of land bought by him
from Jose Ignaeio Lugo, called Ficay; but that said
tract lies on the south side of the Santa Barbara
mountains, and is no part or portion of Najalayegua,
and was not included in the sale to Oevasco, but was
and still is tho property ot this deponent. And de-
ponent further bays that the grape vine near Santa
Barbara, and known throughout the Stale of Cali-
fornia as the *' big grape-vine," and referred to in
a letter of one Levi Parsons, directed to lion. Ira
Hams, United States Senator, dated March 9,1866,
is not within four leagues of the rancho of Los Pric-
tos > Najalayegua; and this deponent believes that
said Levi Parsons knew this j act at the time the letter
above referred to was written; this deponent knows
by having had the contents of said letter carefully
interpreted to hiiu by a person in whom the utmost
confidence can be placed as a man ot honor and in-
tegrity. And deponent, further states that the alder
stake and iron bolt referred to in a former affidavit
ot this deponent, and in an affidavit of one Jose Mo-
xago, was a landmark on the line of Ficay, and was
so stated to be by this deponent, both to Charles E.
lluse and to Jose Morago, at tho time they went to
sec said landmarks; and that said landmark was not
stated to be a point, on the line of Najalayegua at
that time or at any other time. And deponent
fuiihcr t-ays that he has had certain affidavits tians-
Jated to Inm. which were given by him at the request
ot Charles K Ruse during the month of March, 18G5,
and that said affidavits do not contain the matters
represented by said House to have been contained
therein; th.it this deponent cannot read or write;
aud believes that said affidavits were purposely mis-
interpreted to him by the said IIuse.
JOSKX8 DOMINGUEZ.
mark.
Sworn to and subscribed, March 23, 1870, before—
U. YNDAliT, Notary Public.
Another affidavit of Jos6 Dominguez.
Stvthop California, County of Santa Barbara :
Jose Dominguez, being first duly sworn, deposes
and t-ays that he never instructed any person to peti-
tion Cougiess for the confirmation of the rancho of
Prietos y Najalayegua, nor to the best informa-
tion and belief ot this deponent was any such peti-
tion pi e.->i mod by any person lor his use and benefit;
nor vwis no ever cor.ouited in reference to the pre-
sentation ot such petition, if one ever was presented;
that this deponent never built a house on said
rancho, nor did he evei live thereon with his family;
nor did ho make any valuable improvements there-
on; and no document of juridical possession was ever
given to deponentby any officerof the Mexican Gov-
ernment.
JOSE X DOMINGUEZ.
mark.
Sworn to and subscribed. May 13,1870, before—
U. YND ART, Notary Public.
Affidavit of Francizco Dominguez*
State op California, County of Santa harbava:
Francisco Dominguez, being first duly sworn, de-
poses and says thathe is the son of Jose Dominguez,
theformer owner of tho rancho of Los Prietos y Naja-
layegua; that he was born and raised in the county
of Santa Barbara, State of California, and still lives
there; that he isthirly-eightyearsof age,and is well
acquainted with the location of said rancho; that he
has been on ifcmoroor less every yearsince boyhood,
and that the same is situated entirely on the north
side of the Santa Barbara mountains, and betweeu
those mountains on the south and the San Rafael
mountainson the north; that his father never claimed
that any portion of said rancho lay to the south of the
Santa Barbara mountains; that said rancho is from
three to five leagues distant from the town of Santa
Barbara, in a northerly direction, and about the
same distance from tho town lands of said town, as
lately surveyed by the United States surveyor gen-
oral for the State of California. Deponent further
says that during the month of March, 18fa>, or about
that time, one Charles E. Iluse proposed to this de-
ponent that if he would make an affidavit in accord-
ance with the suggestions of said lluse, and would
swear that said rancho included lands on the south
side of tho Santa Barbara mountains, ho, tho said
Huso, would make deponent such a present as would
satisfy him entirely; out deponent refused to make
said affidavit, or any affidavit in reference to the
subject. Deponent further says that the big grape-
vine mentioned in the letter of ono Levi Parsons to
lion. Ira Harris. United States Senator, dated March
9,1866, was at that time the property of deponent's
grandmother, and was moro than four leagues from
tho nearest point of the rancho of Los Prietos y
Najalayegua.
his
FRANCISCO X DOMINGUEZ.
mark.
Sworn to and subscribed, March 23,1870, before—
U. YNDART, Notary Public.
Affidavit of Felipe Arelfanes.
State of California, County of Santa Barbara:
Felipe Arellanes, of the county of Santa Barbara,
and Stato of California, being first duly sworn, de-
poses and says that he is a native-born citizen of
said county; that he is forty-five years of age, and
was formerly owner of the rancho of Los Prictos y
Najalayegua; that sometime in the year 18(54 he sold
said rancho to one Charles E. Huse; that he had
previously offered, about as near as he can recollect,
in tho year 1858, to sell tho rancho to said Huse, but
at that time lluso refused to purchase; that this de-
ponent left all the papers referring to the rancho in
the hands of said lluse for safe-keeping, and that
they so remained in his possession for several months;
that some time during tho summer of 186-4 Huse asked
deponent if ho was still owner of the rancho; depo-
nent told him ho was; lluse then asked if deponent
still wished to sell; deponent answered that he did,
and that if lluse wished to sec the property he was
buying hchad only to refer to the papers then in his
possession, they having at this time been delivered
to himfor examination ; thatdeponentdidaftcrward,
as above set forth, sell said rancho to said lluse ; de-
ponent further says that some short time aft or the
sale to Huso he was in his (IIusc's) office, and Huse
showed deponent a map he was making or having
made, this deponent does not iccollect which, which
included lands to which this deponent never made
any claim; deponent then told iluse that he must
be very powerful if he could get the land covered
by that map; Huse replied that it was all right.
Deponent further says that the reason given by
Huse for not purchasing in 1858 was that tho lands
were not situated as he supposed they were ; that he
supposed they extended south of the Santa Barbara
mountains. Deponent further says that Huso paid
as consideration for said rancho tho sum of fclOO, gold
coin; that said rancho contains, as near as dcponcht
can estimate from his knowledge of its boundaries,
about two leagues or two leagues and a half of land.
FELIPE ARELLANES.
Sworn to and subscribed before me.
U. YNDART, JSotary Public.
The committee have examined many additional
affidavits from citizens of Santa Barbara county,
filed with the memorial before referred to, all testify-
ing that until recently no one had overclaimed that
any portion of Los Prietos y Najalayegua extended
south of the Santa Barbara mountains ; and that tho
original grantee, Jose Dominguez, who petitioned
for the land and presented a plat of the same, and
who certainly ought to know what land he applied
for. states thatitlay entirelynorth ofthesaid mount-
ains of Santa Barbara. Arellanos, who once owned
it, and sold it to Huse, swears to the same effect, and
estimates its contents at. two or two and a half squat e
leagues; and it will be recollected that thedeed from
Yadillo to Den, and tho mortgage from Don to Par-
rott, relating to this &amo land, stated the area to he
about two square leagues. The surveyor general of
California reported to the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office that, so far as he could judge, the
plat represented a long asd narrow strip of" land,
embracing an area of about three square leagues.
All theso statements are corroborated by the memo-
rial referred to, of two hundred and fifty-five citi-
zens of Santa Barbara county, including the mayor
and town council ofSanta Barbara,and others among
the most intelligent and respectable of the citizens
of that county.
It is truesome of the persons whose affidavits have
been examined by tho committee were induced to
make affidavits, in the spring of 1865, at the request
ot Charles E. Huse and ono of his agents, in relation
to this ranch, thatwouldscemto represent its bound-
ariesdifferently; butyourcommitteeharohad before
them tho affidavit of F. A. Thompson, the county
clerk of Santa Barbara county, before whom said
affidavits were made, and who swears that the same
were neither read nor explained to them; and most
of them could neither read nor write, and many of
them were ignorant of the English language, as ap-
pears by affidavits submitted to the committee. Tho
discrepancies in the affidavits are readily accounted
for in the light of these facts. The committee pre-
sent with this report atraced copy of the map of said
ranch, taken from tho land records of Santa Barbara
county, and certified by the recorder to be a trae
and correct copy of the original map of the rancho
of Los Prietos y Najalayegua.
Underneath it is a copy of the map said to be on the
files of the Mexican archives, incharg-eof the United
States surveyor general of California. It will bo
noticed the first plat very plainly represents a Jons?
narrow valley between two ranges of mountains,
located relatively to known objects, and which one
would suppose there could bo no groat difficulty in
surveying.
The second plat bears unmistakable signs of hav-
ing been tampered with, the evident design of which
was to render the plat useless as a guide, so as to
open the way for parol testimony, and for cunning,
skill, and fraud.
That the plat upon the county records is tho true
ono appears evident from its being consistent with
the history of that rancho from 18 if) to 18(i>, and
conforms to the popular undeistanding concerning
that grant and its locality. The second plat assumes
for its eastern boundary the Arroyo de la Carpen-
tcria, a creek that flows li om the southern or west-
ern slope of the Santa Barbara mountains to the
sea, and has no existence on tho north side of that
range. Hence the grant would lie either wholly on
the south side of tho Santa Barbara mountains, ex-
tending to the Pueblo lands, or oven including them,
for there is no intelligent stopping place but tho
coast; or, if extending north of the mountains, would
leave the claimant at liberty to designate any bound-
aries as the northern limits of his grant. But all
such notions arc entirely at variance with tho under-
standing of all the different claimants prior to tho
time tho property came into the hands of Charles E.
Iluse, and opposed to the idea that Jose Dominguez
had of tho character of the land he petitioned to
have granted to him.
If the second plat, therefore, is a correct copy of
the one on file in the surveyor general's office, your
committee have no hesitation in pronouncing it a
fraudulent document, differing very materially from
the original map.
It will be remembered that the confirmatory act
directs the surveyor general to have a survey made
according to the original title papers in his office.
Now, as it was in contemplation to extend a modest
grant of some eight or ten thousand acres into pro-
portions largccnough to cover an area of moro than
two hundred thousand, it was indispensable that,
some attention should bo given to the original title
papers on file in the biuveyor general's office; and
if the plat now on this file represents the Arroyo do
la Carpenteriaas one of the boundaries of the grant,
the committcohavo no hesitation in declaring, upon
the cvidcnce before them that the fraudulent attempt
to tamper with the records of the surveyor general's
office was successful.
Take the matter in all its phases, and it presents
the boldest and most astounding ca*o of attempted
fiaud and swindling which your committee has yet
been cnlicd upon to examine.
Wc, therefore, report without amendment, the fol-
lowing bill for the repeal of the act of June 12, l&k>.
and recommend its passage.
Mr. JULIAN. I now call the previous ques-
tion on the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to a third
reading ; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to. j
SWAMP AND OVERFLOWED LANDS.
Mr. JULTAN, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, reported back, with an amend-
ment. a bill of the House No. 1450, defining
swamp and overflowed lands.
The bill was read. The first section provides
that all selections of swamp or overflowed
