1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4299
furnished for generations past with a liberal
supply of books and documents published by
the authority of Congress, and intended for
the information of Congress, of the officers of
the Government, and of the whole people
themselves, who alone are interested in the
Government, in its preservation, and in its
successful operation. They know that untold
tons of this mail matter have been distributed
from Washington to the extremities of the
United States, and almost every man and
woman in the laud who can read and write
have in some way or other enjoyed the benefit
of this free transmission of documents and
other information.
It would seem, from what is said by the
honorable chairman of the Committeeon Post
Offices and Post Roads, and by others, that a
vast majority of the people of the United States
have come to the conclusion—of course we must
infer after due reflection and consideration—
that this franking privilege is not a public ben-
efit, but that it is a publicburden and ought to
be discontinued. It is for them to judge what
will be the consequences of the disuse of this
privilege. If any evils shall flow from the meas-
ure under consideration, they, and not those
who are said to " enjoy" this privilege, will be
the sufferers.
It is alleged that whole millions of people in
the United States have petitioned for the aboli-
tion of this privilege—its abolition in all its
forms, absolutely and unconditionally. I shall
not dispute the highest figure that the honor-
able chairman of the committee may see fit to
fix. Let it be granted if the people demand
it, if an "untold majority" of all the people
of the United States have demanded this re-
form. And whatdo they demand in theirnumer-
ous petitions ? Not a mere modification of the
law relating to the franking privilege; not a
curtailment of it in respect to any one kind
of information or mail matter, and its contin-
uance as to another, but an absolute, uncondi-
tional repeal and destruction of the whole
thing. I shall vote for it—not cheerfully, but
because I am induced to believe that the people
of the United States generally have made this
demand and because they, and they alone, are
the parties to be affected.
But at the same time let me say one word—I
will not claim for itthe weight of a " sober second
thought," for I must presume from the confident
tone in which it is urged that the people demand
this measure, that they understand well all the
consequences to follow from it; let me observe
that they cannot expect from members of Con-
gress, nor from other officials, any considera-
ble amount of correspondence in the form of
private letters hereafter if this measure shall
pass. Why ? Because no member of Con-
gress, no head of a Department or of a bureau
will find it within his means to carry on much
correspondence and pay for it out of his own
pocket. There will be a cessation^ of a vast
amount of correspondence which is now in
existence.
Secondly, not one volume of public docu-
ments will" be sent by any member of the Sen-
ate or House of Representatives, or Delegate
from a Territory, to his constituents after the
passage of this bill. All this will cease. W hat
is passing in Congress, what has passed in
Congress, what it is contemplated Congress
may°do, will be known by the various constit-
uencies in the United States by such casual
means of information as may fall within their
reach; such will be practically the only means
of information, of intellectual contact and con-
nection between the Representative and his
constituents. . ,
We are told that the constituencies demand
it. Very well; I yield it. Let it be tried. I
will not repeat the old fable of the frogs de-
manding a king. I have too much respect for
the people to use such an illustration. 1 will
take it for granted, as I am bound to do, that
they understand their own interests best in this
matter, and shall therefore yield to their de-
mand. But what they demand is an utter
abolition of the franking privilege in all its
relations, forms, ramifications, and effects; and
they act upon the theory that all mail matter,
of whatever kind and description, ought to pay
something for the transmission of that matter.
If this be the true theory—and this is the
theory of the bill of my honorable fiiendfrom
Minnesota and his committee—then I cannot
understand why the publisherof a county news
paper ought to be exempt,ed from a due par-
ticipation in the burden which is to fall upon
all the people of the United States. I cannot
understand why a newspaper is to be sent free
through the mail, and other matter, perhaps
far more important to the parties interested,
is to be charged with postage. I prefer, if
this experiment is to be tried, that we shall
take it in its naked, undisguised essence, and
lot its effects fall upon us and our constitu-
encies universally and equally.
But, sir, let me say at the same time that
there are other interests wide awake and watch-
ing for the abolition of the franking privilege.
There are other interests in the country which
crave the right of publishing information for
the people—interests which presentthemselves
in antagonism to the establishment even of the
Government press that publishes our docu-
ments and our bills in Congress. Let me here
intimate to the people one at least of the mo-
tives which has not been inactive in producing
the numerous petitions laid upon our tables for
the abolition of the franking privilege. Let the
people understand this. Many of them doubt-
less do; but I avail myself of this occasion to
renew my old acquaintance with the motives
of certain parties, and to bring those motives
clearly before the Senate. A leading news-
paper of the United States, one of the most
wealthy, one of the most respectable in various
respects—I might say, perhaps, one which, in
the political sense, is among the most influ-
ential, if not the most influential, uses this
language:
" Franking stimulates printing at the public cost."
Doubtless that is true, though I do not think
this is a very weighty charge against the priv-
ilege. But this is wliat the writer says :
" Year by year, tho cost of public printing increases,
in spits of strong efforts by the Committees on Print-
ing to keep it down. X>i'inter Clapp reports that ho
must have $500,000 more this year than was allowed
him last year. Tho v.ist sums paid for printing and
transmitting these thousands ot tons of 1 ub. I>ocs.
are paid by the many; while tho resulting advan-
tage (if advantage tlioro be) inures to the tew."
I cannot help calling attention to the pecu-
liar significance of the "if" thrown in here:
"Our business, our livelihood, are directly struck
at by this jobbery. Wo have faithfully devoted a
lifetime to perfecting ourselves in the art ot collect-
ing. preparing, and printing what tho people ought
to buy and read. We live by this respected and use-
ful calling. But the Government sets up a shop in
opposition to ouis, and taxes us to support it, while
it floods the country from that shop with intelligence
winch it not only gives away, but delivers to recip-
ients in Minnesota and Oregon free of cost to theui,
that is to say, at our cost. This is not doing the lair
tiling by us; and, it*it were legal insteadot editorial
service that was thus furnished at public cost to a
favored majority, the lawyers in Congress would
comprehend it."
Sir, that article needs no comment. The
authors of it look upon the subject with a busi-
ness eye. They foresee in the abolition of the
franking privilege a vast increase of the profits
to be made by the large publishing estab-
lishments of the United States ; because they
see that one of the inevitable effects of that
abolition will be the discontinuance of the Gov-
ernment Printing Office at the city of Washing-
ton, and the consequent devolution of the busi-
ness of publishing bills and documents for the
use of Congress, to these large private pub
lishing establishments.
But it is said by the chairman of tlie^ com
mitteethat whatever may be the inconveniences
that may arise from this step, the people de
mand it. Very well, sir. I have great respect
for the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads. If they say that the people demand
it, I shall grant what the people demand;
nothing more, nothing less. Let the experi-
ment be tried; and if our present excellent
Postmaster General is correct, the experiment
will save to the Government of the United
States about five million dollars annually.
That is surely worth making a. small experi-
ment; is it not, sir? We are assured that we
shall save about that sum. Let us try it.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, this project is
not a new one in the Senate. I had occasion
once before to pay a passing respect to it. I
propose to occupy a few minutes of the time of
the Senate now, in paying my respects to it
again. I have £f liigh regard for the Postmas-
ter General. I fiave a high regard for his
judgment when I think it is right. I have a
high regard for the chairman, and all the mem-
bers of the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads, and for their judgment -when they are
right. I have the same regard for them that
they have for me when I submit a proposition
here. Any proposition submitted to the Sen-
ate is to be fairly discussed and weighed opon
its merits, instead of taking the dictum of any
committee for it.
Now, sir, I have been familiar with the Post
Office Department and its operations as long
as the present Postmaster General. From my
earliest boyhood it has been to me a familiar
subject, from the -fact of having been con-
nected with it very early in life. I have looked
on this question of abolishing what is called
the franking privilege as honestly as I know
liow, and as candidly. One leading_ newspa-
per said, (and 1 judge from the type it was the
same newspaper from which the Senator from
Michigan has read,) "Mr. Nye would oppose
it, of course." Why of course should I oppose
the abolition of the franking privilege? In-
stead of being offended at that allusion in that
paper, I feel complimented by it. I thought
it was paying a high compliment to my judg-
ment, especially coming from that quarter.
'• Ofcourse," Mr. President, lam opposed to
this measure, because I think it strangles one
of the great arteries of intelligence and its cir-
culation. "Ofcourse" lamopposedtoit, when
I look to the sources of rivers and to the mount-
ain passes, where the people feed upon the
intelligence they receive from here as a child
feeds upon milk. They look for it with as
much earnestness as a hungered stomach looks
and demands its food. They look for it, not
only from long habit, but they regard it as essen-
tial to forming correct judgments upon the
subjects that are considered here.
Now, sir, this Government has more Depart-
ments than the Post Office Department. The
Post Office Department, in a financial sense,
is the least of them all. The Postmaster Gen-
eral might properly be called "The Knight of
the Pigeon Holes." He sees that all this mat-
ter is distributed and sent where it is intended
to go. To illustrate this subject in a few words,
the Government has established here an Agri-
cultural Department at great expense, and has
been many years in perfecting it. It hasreared
a structure for that Department which adorns
one of the finest public squares of this city.
That Department has grown to a magnitude
that commands the attention and respect of the
agricultural world. It enters into contracts for
the rarest seeds and the rarest products of all
climates. They are brought here at the public
expense, put into packages convenient to be
conveyed by the mails; and upon the most dis-
tant mountain-sides and in the most distant
valleys the little seed that goes out irom here
is garnered together and multiplied a thousand-
fold, until the mostdistant portion of the co>ln"
try enjoys the benefit of that taxation which
they have paid for giving accurate information
to all the people, and the improvement ot its
products. Now, sir, is there any other avenue
through which this information cau flow than
lh Let me°s'tate'to the Senate what has occurred,
under own eye,
The couutry in which. I
