454
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 7,
Ho. of Beps.
Independence of Cuba—Mr. Banks.
41st Cong 2d Sess.
tied to all the information of this great day of
progress in all the arts and sciences.
I know not whether the people in the State
of Texas are for or against the franking privi-
lege. I take it for granted that they will be
with me on the subject. When they reflect
upon it, I have no doubt that they will be, not-
withstanding the potent argument of the dis-
tinguished chairman of the committee. He
says that not a single protest has come up to
Congress against the abolition of this privi-
lege. Why is that the case? Because the
people are not learned on the subject, because
ihey have not been informed upon it. One
party have been urging action in favor of the
abolition of the privilege, and have gone around
to obtain signatures to petitions in that direc-
tion, just as A, B, or C approaches a Senator
here asking him to secure him a position in
some one of the Departments. lie comes up
and talks very kindly to you and wants you to
sign a petition for him. It may be that a lady
comes up and presents herself very affection-
ately, as she wouldrather be treated than other-
wise. She wants to make an impression. You
do not wish to resist her. it is not your dis-
position; it is not your practice. You will
put your signature to any petition. You say,
''Certainly; oh, yes, I will sign it;" and so
you dispose of the caso and get out of it.
It is in this way that these petitions have
come up for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege. Petitions have been carried around by
parties active in favor of the abolition, and they
have obtained thousands of signatmes, and thus
they come here. But suppose there had been
interested parties on the other side, those who
were active and earnest in favor of retaining
the franking privilege; who is there here who
is prepared to say that there would not havo
been as large a proportion of American voters
found on that side of the question ? This is
an open question with me, and 1 want to give
the people an opportunity in the futuro to real-
ize the blessings growing out of this great priv-
ilege that they have been accustomed to here-
tofore; and when the people shall have exam-
ined the question, if they say " Repeal," so do
I, but not until then.
Ah a matter of course bad documents will
occasionally get, among the people under this
privilege; but I am clearly of the opinion that
if proper documents had been spread broad-
cast throughout the South at the proper period
previous to the war, the people thereby obtain-
ing proper light on the subject of their rela-
tions to the Government, the rebellion would
not have gone on as it did. Why, sir, before
the war the Democracy had the people there
better trained than ever Robin Hood had his
men, when the sound of the bugle was the
order of the day ; and they responded to it. like
genii springing out of the earth. Democratic
conventions were held, from a State conven-
tion down to the various county and parish
conventions, throughout the South, and for
every office, from constable to Governor, the
order of the day was to vote for whoever was
nominated ; they cared not who ho was. It was
sufficient that he was the nominee of the Dem-
ocratic party. The Democratic papers all said
that the right of secession was unmistakable;
that it was so understood by our forefathers—
by Washington, Jefferson, and all the'grcat
meu who have adorned our history. The peo-
ple really and sincerely believed that that was
the truth, and upon that truth they built their
houses; but the winds came and the rains de-
scended, and they were swept away, 'They
want information. They are not that bad class
of people that many think them to be. They
are as good as any the Lord ever created ; they
aro a chivalrous people ; they are a bold peo-
ple. Approach them when you may 
Mr. KELLOGG. Does my honorable friend
mean to say that the people of Texas are enti-
tled to any consideration, as, for instance, to
the benefit of the franking privilege ?
Mr. FLANAGAN. Yes, sir; I anf aware
that my friend is liberal, and thinks as I do.
I say so most unequivocally. I meet the ques-
tion without ceremony, and I am gratified that
the Senator asked it. " Come unto me all ye
ends of the earth, and I will give you rest."
Whom does that exclude—Democrat, Repub-
lican, Conservative, or any other name that you
may invoke to give party power? It excludes
none in a Christian spirit; all are free agents,
and I throw my arms out wide, ready to receive
all that wish to come. We desire the loss of
none ; our Government needs all, and it is the
duty of the Government to treat all kindly.
Mr. KELLOGG. Is it possible that my
friend would allow any man who had in any
manner directly or indirectly participated in
the rebellion to reside in Texas?
Mr. FLANAGAN. Certainly I would, as
my friend would do; and I will give my reason
for doing so. When they rebelled, they per-
mitted me to remain there. They knew that
I was opposed to them. I voted against seces-
sion ; I spoke against it; I never sympathized
with it, not from the first moment of my life.
I want to assure them that I was at least as
well bred as they were; that I am as generous
in my principles and purposes and action. I
want to dig around them and enlighten them
by good Republican documents, that I may be
able from time to time, if the God of mercy
spares me, to distribute among them, so as to
show theui the error of their ways and try to
bring them back again and make them good
citizens, as they had been previously. That is
my doctrine on the subject.
I am as good a .Republican as any man dare
be; but I do not jump up and kick my heels
together, and say that I want to cut men's throats
and all that kind of thing, to show that fact, 1
prefer to do it kindly and by kind treatment.
If I want to hitch a horse to a car I do not
thrash him to make him do as I desire. I pet
him ; I call him by name; I rub him down a
bit., and try to make him do that which is easy
for him and beneficial to me. Kind treatment
is what I want toward the people of the South;
and he who desires anything else is mistaken
in the nature of man. The southern men, treated
kindly, will follow on after you as though they
were mesmerized, but order them, andyou can
get. a scuille at any tune.
J recollect an anecdote which shows the effect
of that very beautifully, which I road when a
youth. It is an anecdote related of the great
La Fayette, the social companion and adviser
of Washington, he who fought for the liberty
of this nation. He was in command of the
national guards, who were stationed within
about twelve miles of the great city of Paris.
Tho soldiers came to the conclusion that they
had been badly treated, and that they would
remonstrate against it. To whom should they
go ? They went to their general. They loved
him like a father. He had led them success-
fully and in kindness. The matter passed on
from time to time. He was able for a period
to suppress the discontent. Ultimately, how-
ever, the feeling became so strong that he could
no longer manage it. Action, action upon the
part of Frenchmen—and you know their char-
acteristics—was the order of the day, and they
made known their intentions to the general.
They said to him, "We love you like a father;
we havo never failed to obey you; but the time
has come when we must set up for ourselves;
we are going t.o Paris, and we will act for our-
selves." Said he, " If you will do it, certainly;
but I will still command you, however." Ttiey j
then raised a shout "Long live La Fayette," I
bounced on their horses,and the word was given, |
and away they went. In riding that twelve j
miles he so interested them by his kindness, |
they leading him instead of his commanding i
and leading them, that the beautiful result was
that they were satisfied, and he brought them
around in the evening to just where they had
started from in the morning, and all was right-
There is where I hope we shall get at a very
early day in this great nation. We have been
aliwrongforalougtime. Extravagant charges
and assertions have been made North and
South. Sir, I indorse what General Lee said
before the Reconstruction Committee. I do not
sympathize with any of his actions toward this
Government, far from it; I repudiate them ;
but he stated a fact before that committee, a
fact which this nation has atoned for and re-
sponded too to the tune of untold millions,
because there is no estimate of the losses on
the part of the confederacy, and the amount
of blood that was shed it is deplorable even to
contemplate. General Lee was called before
the Reconstruction Committee, and gave his
testimony, which I read. How did fsee his
testimony? Perhaps through the franking priv-
ilege. Some member of Congress may have
seut it to me. [ got it in the far-off West, in
Texas. General Lee was interrogated as to the
cause of the war. He said he was no politician,
but he had no hesitancy in being able to respond
to the interrogatory, and his response was, that
it was brought about by the politicians, North
and South. 1 indorsed the sentiment then, and
I have no doubt of its truth now. He said that
if the masses had been let alone they would
not havo thus acted. 1 am sure that they would
not have done so.
Therefore, it seems to me to be clearly the
absolute duty of every man intrusted with the
interests of his constituents in any and every
State of this great and glorious Union to edu-
cate 'them as far as possible. Let them know
tho true metes and bounds of liberty ; let the
great principles on which this Government is
iounded be always held before them. If you
are prepared to say, Senators, that your ac-
tions are not such as should go forth in the
light, are not such that you should wish them
to be scrutinized, then vote for this bill. I
prefer light. I shall, therefore, vote for any
amendment to the bill, or I am willing to take
the bill as it is and vote squarely against the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Independence of Cuba.
KEPORT BY HON. N. P. BANKS,
from till! committee on foreign affairs,
In- the House of Representatives,
June 1*1,1870.
Mr. Basks, from the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
made the following report:
The Committee on Foreign Affairs, to which
were referred the petition of II. G. Eastman
and one hundred and fifty-four other citizens
of Poughkeepsie, New York, presented by
Hon. Mr. Ketcha.m, December 7, 1809; the
petition of citizens of Maryland, presented by
Hon. Mr. Swanjt, December 9, 1869; the pe-
tition of citizens of Pennsylvania, presented
by Hon. Mr. Cessna, December 13, 1809 ; tho
petition of A. Oakey Hall, mayor of Now York
city, and others, presented December 13, 1869;
petition of citizens of Philadelphia, presented
by Hon. Mr. Randall, December 20, 1869;
petition of citizens of Scranton, Pennsylvania,
presented Jjy Hon. Mr. Woodward, Decem-
ber 20, 18G'J; petition of citizens of Hancock
county, Illinois, presented by Mr. Hawley,
January 12, 1870; petition of citizens of Ken-
tucky, presented by Hon. Mr. Knott, January
12, 1870; petition of S. S. Hall, P. Preston,
and sixty-eight others, presented by Hon. Mr.
Logan, January 26, 1870 ; petition of sixty-
four citizens of Illinois, presented by Hon. Mr.
Farnswokth, February 11, 1870 ; petition of
sundry citizens of Tennessee, presented by
