mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
reside was known in your geography as the
"great American desert, "and whoever is famil-
iar with Woodbridge's Atlas has seen in it
the " unexplored great American desert." Sir,
I have seen theseed sent from this Department.,
which did not cost this Government half a
penny to convey, budding and blossoming, and
the ripened fruit and the ripened root upon the
"great American desert." Would it have been
there had there been no such means of con-
veyance as this Post Office? And does the
Government receive no return? Is it a gift to
my constituents? i deny it. It receives its
ample returns in accumulated profits and in
cultivated fields; and wh^jB'this Government
indirectly, by furnishing,tfee means, conveys
one bushel.of seed, it gets a tax upon five thou-
sand bushels. Then, sir, why is it; and I have
waited in vaiu for the honorable Senator from
Minnesota who has pinned his fame and for-
tune to this bill, and has rode it with as much
fidelity as John Gilpin rode his steed, to tell us
how the Government was losing money, how
it could lose; I have waited in vain for him to
give one reason convincing me that I should
support this bill.
Sir, I have spoken of one Department—the
Agricultural Department. There is another
Department of this Government, the Depart-
ment of the Interior, and I am going to take
one portion of it for illustration; and that is
the commanding department of that whole
system, the great land system of the United
States. And, sir, when 1 say that the Senator
from Minnesota can take out his pencil and
figure it himself until he gets too old to listen
to.the "franking privilege."
Go down to that Department—I appeal to
my friend from Iowa, [Mr. Ham,ax,] who is
entirely familiar with all that Department, if I
atn not correct—-and you will see daily going to
the land offices in the distant and new countries
from one to two cords a day of books. Now,
I want the Senators who vote for this bill to sit
down and calculate what the postage of one
day will be. A book that costs here twenty-
four dollars—for I have taken some pains to
inquire about this—will cost sixty dollars in
Oregon or Nevada to the Government. Now
it goes free. It will treble its cost by the rates
of postage now existing. That is not the result
of' one day only, but it is the result of three
hundied aud sixty-live days in the year, Sun-
days excepted, and if they do not.goon Sundays
there are more to go on Mondays. They go to
the remotest portions of the continent; indeed,
they follow the compass and keep in advance
of civilization. They have no other means of
conveyance, unless the Department could rely
on the great express lines; there is no other
possible way of reaching them ; and I assert
that there are not twenty-live of these offices
now that lie on the express lines. That terri-
tory the express lines have not yet surveyed ;
it is away up north; it is lar down in the
south; it is on the sunset side of your conti-
nent where these books have to be carried,
and they will cost, this Government treble the
amount they do now. And yet we are told
by the Senator from Minnesota, with a gravity
that seems to bespeak his candor, that it is a
great governmental saving, a great measure
of reform
How is this reform to be wrought? Pass
tlna bill to-day and the honorable Senator will
to-morrow report, that the Interior Department
requires $6,000,000 appropriation for postage.
Six million dollars for one Department! And
how mueli will it cost, the Post Office Depart-
ment'' f tool; occasion to say yesterday iuei-
denhilly that upon the hypothesis of ihirty-
thice thousand post offices H will cost each
oflice, putting it at the lowest point, fifty dol-
Uns a year, and that makes the little sum of
$1,650,000 for the Post Office Department
alone. Sir, it will be three times that. Then
there will be required an appropriation of
money to pay postage of three or four million
dollars for the Post Office Department.
But, Mr. President, we have olher Depart-
ments. Grander, larger than all, go to your
Treasury Department, where the letters are
counted by the million. What appropriation
will you have to make for all its vast corre-
spondence with your national banks, with your
internal revenue offices, with your customs
offices, in all the ramifications of the Treasury
Department from ocean to ocean? Tell me
how much that is going to cost for postage?
Pive million dollars more, at least.
I am speaking of this now as a matter of
economy ; and 1 have to say in all candor that
the honorable Senator- who has devoted so
much time to this bill has not only failed en-
tirely to show that it is a matter of economy, but
the facts are that it is absolutely the other way.
"Of course Mr. Nye will be opposed to that."
Mr. RAMSEY. 1 ask the Senator how he
makes out that there will be a loss?
Mr. NYE. If I owe my left-hand pocket
do I make anything by taking it out, of my
right-hand pocket and putting it there?
Mr. RAMSEY. You would not lose much.
Mr. NYE. I should not gain anything, and
if I had to pay postage for transportation I
should lose.
Now, Mr. President, the honorable Senator
from Michigan [Mr. Howard] has done a thing
that I will not do ; I will not indorse a senti-
ment that I do not believe is right, and I did
not think before he announced it that he would.
That is where ho and I differ.
Sir, what is public sentiment in that country?
IIow is it arrived at? It is that spontaneous
gushing which comes in from every quarter, of
its own volition, so sensibly that you can feel
it permeate throughout your wholesystem? Do
you feel it on this subject? No, sir. The
petitions which come here were all printed at
the Public Printing Office at public expense,
| franked by the Postmaster General or his sub-
ordinates, aud sent abroad to his postmasters,
his officers, with an order to send them back
signed; and they have come. " Getsignatures
and send them back," was the order. I re-
ceived one from my own town which I presented
in due form, and the party sending it said,
"I do this by order of.the Postmaster Gen-
eral." Of course that is public sentiment!
Sir, for that kind of public sentiment 1 care
but little. I can send a petition to a distant
State for the hanging of my friend on my right,
and get numerous signatures to it to-day ; but
who would have him hung on that account?
He would feel aggrieved if I should stand here
and say " 11 is demanded by public sentiment;
there arc the petitions for it; here is your sen-
tence ; there is ihe gallows." I am sure he
would have no respect for such a kind of pub-
lic sentiment.
Mr. DRAKE. If my friend will yield the
lloor, I will make a motion that when the Sen-
ate adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on Mon-
day next.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to entertaining that motion?
Mr. CHAN DDE LI. Yes, sir ; I object.
'The VICE PRES1D13N f. The motion can-
not be entertained, the bill for the abolition of
the franking privilege being before the Senate.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, look at that list
of pensioners. 'The Senator from Iowa [Mr.
IIahi,ax] tells me that, it amounts to over two
hundred thousand. You have two hundred
thousand pensioners, scattered throughout a
country as broad as the spirit of patriotism that
pervaded the land ; and yet the honorable Sen-
ator from Minnesota, with his sharp cleaver,
would take three, six. nine, twelve, or fifteen
cents a year trom each one of them as a mat-
, ter of economy in the Post Oflice Department!
Sir, it is neither logical nor just.
Now, Mr. President, I come to another fact,
and I want Senators to listen to it, because it
is true. The mail contracts are just let over
j all the Pacific coast for four years.
Mr. DRAKE. And all over the country.
I Mr. N Y1S, All over the country the con-
tracts are just being perfected now. These
mails are let for four years, with no possible
regard to the passage of this bill. Men have
put in their price for the contracts to carry all
that comes, and not one cent will be .saved
there. There is not to exceed one, and I do
not think there is one, mail in this country that
is let by the pound. I think there is none. I
remember at one time when the road from
Baltimore to Philadelphia refused to carry
the mail, and it was temporarily carried by the
pound, though an arrangement, was soon made,
and therefore I think 1 am safe in saying that
there is not a mail in this Union let by the
pound.
Mr. RAMSEY. Ou the great railroads that
is an essential element in determining the price
paid for transportation.
Mr. NYE. How much do you pay a pound
for carrying the mail from here to New York?
Not a penny a pound. You give $300 a mile ;
that is what you give every day you run it.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator is entirely mis-
taken. The rate of transportation is agreed
upon between the railroad companies and the
Postmaster General, determined by the amount
of facility which the railroad company affords
to the Department, the number of postal cars
furnished, thenumberoftrains perday, whether
night or day, and the weight of the mail.
Mr. NYE. Now, I undertake to say that
there is not a mail carried by the pound. Un-
derstand me, I do not say that that does not
enter into the calculation of the roads in fixing
the price per mile.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me?
This is a very interesting point, and I wish to
inquire of the Senator whether he has referred
to the law by which the contracts are made
over these great railroad lines ? I should like
to understand whether the cost of carrying the
mails depends simply on the route or depends
on the weight.
Mr. NYE. You mean the chairman of the
committee ?
Mr. MORTON. I was referring to the Sen-
ator who has the floor.
Mr. NYE. I am speaking of what practically
exists, without regard to any law; but there is
no law letting the mails by the pound.
Mr. MORTON. That is what I was inquir-
ing about.
Mr. RAMSEY. The mails are not let by
the pound; but the number of pounds is a
large element that enters into the computation.
I have here a circular of the Postmaster Gen-
eral addressed to the various railroad mail
contractors.
Mr. NYE. Read it.
Mr. RAMSEY. It says—
"Tho Postmaster Gener.it is required by act of
Congress to arrange and divide railroad routes into
classes ' according to the size of the mails, tho speed
with which they are conveycd, and the importance
of tile service—
"According to the size of the mail," which
is determined by weight. There is the fact—■
"so as to 'insure as far as may be practicable an
equal and .iust rate of compensation, according io ttie
service performed, among the several railroad com-
panies of the United States, foi tho transportation
of the mail.'''
Mr. CORBEFT. I should like to ask the
Senator from Minnesota if the law does not
limit the amount to per mile for any rail-
road ; so that the Department cannot pay a
railroad exceeding that?
Mr. POMEltOY. /That is so.
Mr. RAMSE1. Three hundred dollars a
mile; but it may be increased twenty-five per
cent, where a large part, of the service is per-
formed at, night. Hence, you pay in that
way. That is the maximum.
Mr. CORBE'LT. 1 understand the law makes
every railroad route a post, route, and the
Department, can pay from fifty to three hun-
dred dollars a mite, but cannot exceed a cer-
tain amount.
Mr. NYE. I have nothing to take back from
what I said. I understand that they have rules
