3356
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
rational bureau from the city of Washington
ami mix in this affair of State education under
the systems of the State organizations of com-
mon schools throughout the United Slates?
How is it to be done to any practical purpose?
Are you to come in and take the subject out
of the hands of the States and run the com-
mon schools as national institutions? If you
do not do that, if you interfere in any other
wnv than to take the subject out of the hands
of the States and take it into the hands of the
national Government, you will only embarrass
and discourage the cause of education in the
States ; you will do no good.
It has been said before that if you confine
yourselves simply to the collection of statistics
of information on the subject of education it
amounts to nothing. All those questions, so
far as common school education is concerned,
^and that is what this bureau certainly must
apply to,) have already been theoretically and
practically evolved, agitated, and settled in the
various States of the Union for themselves ;
and they must be settled by the States, by the
people, down to the school districts, for them-
selves. You cannot inaugurate and carry on
a system of education away above and out of
the reach of the sympathies and the actual
interest which the people themselves may take
in it; and any attempt to interfere with the
State systems of education, any attempt to run
the machinery of education by the United States
Government, will simplyprove a failure and a
discouragement and a distraction to the caase
of education and the friends of education
throughout the country.
Therefore the simple question is, whether
this Bureau of Education shall be continued
to collect the reports of the superintendents of
the various States, and to manipulate those
reports and extract from them, and get up vol-
umes to be disseminated again through the
States. It has been said here that there is no
authority of law by -which this bureau can lay
its hand upon any officer in any of the States
of the Union and compel him to aid in carry-
ing out its system of education. There is no
law by which in any manner whatever any prac-
tical influence can be exerted by the Bureau
of Education upon the cause of education in
the country. Then why continue this, as I
think, useless, inefficient, and inadequate in-
strumentality for the promotion of education in
the country? It has just comparatively such an
insignificant kind of appropriation at the best
as that which was spoken of just now in regard
to the exposition at Loudon. It would have
no significance; it would be of no account at
all; it would only serve to bring into contempt
the cause which it professes to promote and
favor, aside from the general question in regard
to the impropriety, and the unconstitutionality,
it may be, (for itwonld be questionable,) of this
interference npon the part of the United States
Government in the affairs of education in the
States of this Union.
Mr, SPRAGUE. Mr. President, Congress
settled the policy when it established originally
the Bureau or Department of Education, and
the fifteenth amendment has determined its
necessities. Properly it has determined that
every citizen of the United States shall vote
without qualifications, and it is very right to-
day, with that privilege, to have accorded to all
men every facility for education. It was the
old policy and the necessity in the southern
States that a large portion of the population
should be deprived of education. It was a
necessity incident to their condition and cir-
cumstances. In my judgment it is the duty of
Congress to observe, to note, and to under-
stand whether those facilities are accorded to
that portion of the population that have become
citizens, as well as to go into the Northeast and
North and North west and observe as to whether
those who are coming from foreign parts are
also accorded the facilities which it is neces-
sary for them to have to fit them properly to
consider the subjects which the citizens of the
United States are now and will hereafter be
compelled to consider.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President, I regard
this question as one entirely distinct from the
question which has been considered by the Sen-
ator from Iowa. This is not a question, it seems
to me, of a system of national education nor
of the national Government going into the sev-
eral States to interfere with their educational
institutions, to control them, or to exercise any
power whatever over them. It is simply a ques-
tion whether a national bureau of statistics of
education is desirable; whether it is desirable
that there should be in this city, under the con-
trol of the Government and supported by the
Government, a bureau whose business it shall
be to collect all the facts in reference to the
state of education in the various parts of the
country, and to lay them before the country,
so that the people of each State may know
what is going on among the people of all the
other States on this very important subject.
Various systems of education prevail in the
different States. The people are iu different
conditions in the several States with regard to
their educational facilities. All their educa-
tional conditions are different. We desire that
there should be an officer here who can collate
and compare those systems,bringthem together,
furnish a report on these various conditions,
and enable the country generally to know what
its condition is in this regard.
The stranger who goes to the State of Ohio,
the State of New York, or the State of Massa-
chusetts has access to the reports of the super-
intendents of education for those several States.
He can iudge of the educational condition of
the people there. But there is no place where
a foreigner can go in this country and obtain
information as to the general condition of edu-
cation in all the States.' This bureau is designed
for that purpose.
It needs no compulsory measures to get at the
facts which will enter into such a report any
more than the bureau of agriculture needs to
have the power to go and demand of every
man engaged in that pursuit that he shall tell
all about his business and the mode in which
he conducts it. The Commissioner of Agri-
culture has no difficulty in finding out what
the state of agriculture is in the several dis-
tricts of the United States. The Commissioner
of Education will have no difficulty in finding
out the facts in regard to education in the sev-
eral States without the assistance of a police
officer to help him. These educational officers
in the severalStates and counties would gladly
send all their reports here.
Mr. CONKLING. May I ask the Senator
a question?
Mr. SAWYEE. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator, I under-
stand, states that every State with a Bchool
system has some depositary of its own of this
information.
Mr. SAWYEE. Precisely.
Mr. CONKLING. May I inquire whether
it is asking too much of foreigners and way-
farers who want this information to go to the
trouble of calling upon as many States as they
want to hear from to famish it to them ? Is it
not rather .carrying the argument to an extreme
to insist that it should be the duty of this Gov-
ernment to assemble somewhere at a given
point the statistics and reports of all the States,
to the end that foreigners and others, in place
ofbeing compelled to apply to the different
States, may find them all ready to their hand
by asking one single person?
Mr. SAWYEE. In reply to the inquiry of
the honorable Senator I would say that it
may not be necessary that we should havo this
for foreigners; but it is desirable that the
national Government should furnish to itsown
citizens all the information upon the systems
of education which exist in different parts of
the country in such a way as to render it of
value to those citizens. It is an utter impos-
sibility for the citizens of the United States
who are interested in educational affairs to
read all the reports which come from all parts
of the country on the subject; but it is quite
competent for the Government at a very
trifling expense to provide an officer whose
duty it shall be to collate all these reports, to
find out all these facts, and to put them into a
volume of very limited compass, and to make
them accessible to the people of the whole
country. It is in the interest of education in
South Carolina that she should know what is
done in Massachusetts, in Ohio, in Wisconsin,
and in other States that are more advanced in
the cause of education. She cannot know
that by having sent broadcast among her peo-
ple the reports of all these States. In the first
i place, those reports are published in very lim-
ited quantity. They are published for the peo-
ple of the several States where they are issued.
They are published and circulated in small
numbers elsewhere. The office of the Com-
missioner of Education is to make a compila-
tion, not merely of the numerical statistics of
education, but of the various systems, modes
of teaching, educational practices generally in
the various States, to elucidate theories of
public education.
Mr. CONKLING. May I interpose once
more?
Mr. SAWYER. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg then to say to the
honorable Senator that I understand hirn now
to assert that the mission of this bureau is to
compile and put out a digest, if I may so say,
within convenient limits, of the various works
produced in the different States touching the
cause of practical education. If that be it,
then I beg to say to him that useful as such a
manual might be, I will put in competition
against it more than a score—yes, more than a
hundred other manuals which I could suggest
to him. If this appropriation is to be made
for the purpose of collating, or digesting, or
producing a book like that, then, by parity if
not by superiority of reasoning, we should go
on and appropriate for divers and sundry other
works. I believe myself the whole thing is ;l
fallacy; that every State with a system of edu-
cation of its own will take care of its own bet-
ter than it can be taught to take care of it by
any officer here. Therefore, I shall vote for
the smallest appropriation, ornoneatall, when-
ever I get the opportunity to do so.
Mr. SAWYER. By the same reasoning,
. Mr. President, we should abolish the bureau of
agriculture. By the same reasoning we would
abolish the Bureau of Statistics. Every State
can take care of its own agriculture, and if left
to itself will take care of itsown agriculture.
Mr. CONKLING. The difference is that
the States are not furnished with such an
apparatus now.
Mr. SAWYER. Many of the States are fur-
nished with that apparatus at the present time
for collecting all the statistics of agriculture.
But it is not simply a digest that the proper
man for Commissioner of Education would
make at all. A digest of all these reports is
not what we want, not in the sense in which
the Senator uses the term "digest," but a
report of the condition of education, which is
attainable by means of publications that are
made in various parts of this country, and of
information which we obtain from foreign
countries as well as our own. In short, it is
, a work which, if properly performed, will tend
to invigorate and to renovate the educational
systems of the whole country.
Now, there are States in this Union which
formerly had the reputation of being foremost
in public education which have fallen behind-
hand ; States which for a long time carried
the palm in this matter of common-school
education, which are falling behind some of
their younger sisters. We want the benefit of
putting before the American people all that
\ has been done by all the people of all the
States for the promotion of this great interest,
!i and we want it dome at the public expense,
