1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of graduation upon these great arterial lines,
but there is not a contract now existing in this
post office—I pledge my right hand for it—that
says any railroad shall have so much a pound
for carrying the mail from here to New York.
They pay so much a car, but it is not to amount
in the aggregate to over so much a mile. I
know what I am speaking about.
Mr. RAMSEY. Why does not the Senator
take the documents of the Post Office Depart-
ment?
Mr. NYE. I do.
Mr. RAMSEY. What do they say?
Mr. NYE. What did the mail weigh yester-
day ? What does it weigh to-day ?
Mr. RAMSEY. We do not weigh it every
day.
Mr. NYE. That is what I say.
Mr. RAMSEY. But they weigh it at stated
times during the year.
Mr. NYE. I understand that is merely to
get ut the number of cars it will take.
Mr. RAMSEY. Not at all. This circular
says :
"An accurate statement of the amount of mail
matter convoyed on eaehroutebeingthereforeneces-
sary, you arc requested to weigh all the through
mails and way mails which may be conveyed outward
and inward to and from cach station on yoarroad."
Mr. NYE. Weigh what ?
Mr. RAMSEY._ " Weigh all the through
.mails and way mails."
Mr. DRAKE. With a view to an accurate
estimate.
Mr. NYE. How much does the Post Office
Department pay a pound for carrying the
mails ?
Mr. RAMSEY. It does not pay by the
pound.
■ Mr. NYE. Not at all; that was my state-
ment.
Mr. RAMSEY. But the number of pounds
enters as an element into the calculation of the
price.
Mr. NYE. There is not a mail contract let
in that way in the United States, and never was
exceeding one, and that was only for a short
time ; and the circumstances I well remember.
Therefore, I repeat that the contracts of this
nation are just let for four years without any
regard to the weight.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope the Senator does
not desire to misinform the Senate. Certainly
the contracts for the whole United States have
not been let.
Mr. NYE. I speak of the western part of
it; 1 speak of my section of country. Ibey
are all let there; and there is not a mail let in
Oregon, California, Nevada, Arizona, or in
Washington Territory, or in Idaho, that is let
by the pound.
Mr. POMER0Y. Nor in the United States.
Mr. NYE. 1 say not. Therefore they have
taken those mail contracts and the prices have
been fixed with a view to the continuance of
the franking privilege. Not one dime will be
deducted i'rom the contract prices for those
contracts if you- cut o(f what is called this
enormous franking privilege.
Now, sir, I know what it is to live m a border
town. I know what feeling it produces when
a large package of franked matter comes. -1^®
people gather around it as the children around
a family table ; it is to them a repast. They
look there to see what is being done hero, lhey
get a volume of the agricultural report, say ;
and it is read with as much fidelity and
fulness as the Christian reads his Bible. When
it is read by one it is lent to his neighbor and
read by a dozen men. An inquiry at once
arises in the mind of each one, " What improve-
ment is suggested this year inthe annual report
of the Commissioner of Agriculture ?" and for
hours it forms a theme of most interesting con-
versation and brings in to requisition the highest
order of development.
Mr. SUMNER. If my friend from Nevada
will yield for a moment, I desire to send to
the Chair, for the purpose of having it printed,
an amendment in the nature of a substitute,
which I shall propose for this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the proposed amendment will be
ordered to be printed. It is so ordered.
SOUTIIEltN PACIFIC ItAILltOAD.
Mr. FLANAGAN submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed to the bill (S. No.
647) to aid in the construction of a railroad
and telegraph line from Marshall, Texas, to
San Diego, California, with branches and con-
nections ; which was ordered to be printed.
enforcement of fifteenth amendment.
Mr. STEWART submitted the following res-
olution ; which was referred to the Committee
on Printing:
lieaolved, That twenty thousand oxtra copies of
the act to enforce the right of citizens of the United
States to vote in the several States of this Union,
and for other pufrposes, bo printed for the use of tho
Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The hour of
half past four o'clock having arrived, the Sen-
ate will take a recess until half past seven.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock.
proposed adjournment to monday.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
eoy in the chair.) The bill (tl. R. No. 98G)
to abolish the franking privilege is before the
Senate.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope wo shall proceed
with it and dispose of it.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to present a report
from a committee of conference. That, 1 be-
lieve, is always in order.
Mr. DRAKE. Before the Senator presents
that report, will he allow a motion to be made
that when the Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn
to meet on Monday?
Mr. HOWARD. I have no objection to that.
Mr. COLE. 1 hope that motion will not be
made while the Senate is so thin, with so few
Senators present.
Mr. DRAKE. If tho honorable Senator
from Michigan will yield the floor for that pur-
pose, I should like to make the motion, and
it can lie over until the Senate becomes more
full, and then we can determine the matter by
the voice of the Senate.
Mr. HOWARD. I will agree to that.
Mr. DRAKE. Then I submit the motion
that when the Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn
to meet on Monday next.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the Senator does not desire action
on his motion now.
Mr. DRAKE. I merely wish the motion to
be entered now, and when the Senate becomes
more full the question can be taken upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
will be entered.
artificial limbs to soldiers.
Mr. HOWARD. The committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (II. R. No. 785)^ to provide
for furnishing artificial limbs to disabled sol-
diers have, after a full and free conference,
directed me to present tho following report,
and I hope tho Senate will act upon it now. I
believe the House has concurred in the report
of the committee of conference, and I hope
the Senate wi!l do so.
Mr. HAMLIN. We should first have notice
of the action of the House.
Mr. HOWARD. I believe the House has
given us notice of their action.
The Chief Clerk read the report, as follows :
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on House bill No. (85, entitled
" An act to provide for furnishing artificial limbs to
disabled soldiers," having met, after full ancl tree
conference have agreed to recommend, and do hereby
recommend, to their respective Houses as follows:
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the first amendment of the Senate, ancl agree to tho
same.
That the Senate recede from their second amend-
ment, striking out all after the word "Army"," inline
nine, to the end of the bill, and afrree to said pari Ion
of the bill with an amendment, namely: in Section
two, line seven, after tile word "now" insert tho
words "or hereafter may be;" and that the House
agree to said amendment.
J. M. HOWARD,
RICHAKD YATES,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
JAMES S. NEGIET,
GEO. M. ADAMS,
Managers on- the part of the House.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the report of the com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No one understands it,
I reckon. I sho.uld like to know what the re-
port is. No one can tell from the reading.
Mr. HOWARD. The bill as agreed upon
by the committee of conference is substan-
tially the bill that originally passed the House.
The Senate amended the bill by striking out a
portion of the House bill. The House did not
concur in our amendment, and the committee
of conference have concurred in the House
bill. It gives to disabled soldiers the privilege
of having new limbs furnished to them at a
given price; or if they do not choose .to accept
new limbs, they are to be entitled to receive
the money value of those limbs. That is sub-
stantially the bill.
Mr. IiARLAN. At what rate?
Mr. HOWARD. 1 cannot state the rate;
at the rate fixed in the bill, fifty dollars for an
arm, and so on.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the report.
The report was concurred in.
report op a committee.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, to whom was recommitted
the bill (8. No. 4G9) relating to the Central
Branch Union Pacific Railroad Company,
reported it with an amendment.
expenses of indian delegations.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Committee
on Appropriations, to whom was referred_ a
communication of the Secretary of the Interior
recommending an appropriation to defray the
expenses of the Indian delegations in Wash-
ington, invited here by the President of the
United States, have instructed me to report a
joint resolution (S. R. No. 217) to pay expenses
of delegations of Indians visiting the city of
Washington.
The joint resolution was read twice by its
title.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask its present
consideration.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
asks unanimous consent to consider the bill
at the present time. Is there objection. The
Chair hears no objection.
The Chief Clerk read the joint resolution,
which appropriates the sum of $50,000, to en-
able the Secretary of the Interior to defray
the expenses of delegations of Indians visiting
Washington, and to purchase presents for the
members thereof, in the year 1870.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I send to the
Chair a communication explaining the resolu-
tion, and I ask that it be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Department of the Interior,
Washington, D. C., Junoi, 1870.
Sir: I have the honor to transmit herewith a copy
of a communication dated the 3d instant, from toe
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, and accompanying
estimate of appropriation required to defray tno
expenses of delegations of Indians visiting Washing-
ton city, and to purchase presents for the memDers
thereof in 1870. .
Tho attention of Congress is respectfully
to the statement of tho Commissioner ol tnaian
Affairs in relation to the estimate sabmittod, imd 1
recommend that an approyriatioriof «50,0(M'be made
for the purposes indicated 111 his  °ramunicaUon.
Very respectfully, your obedient se.
Hon. Lot M., Morrill, Chairman Senate Committee
on Appropriations.
