1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5245
ain snows, and spring rains. During the earlier
months of spring these localities may have several
inches of water standing upon them, and those lands
which border the water-courses may receivean over-
flow from the streams. In the course of a few weeks,
however, the water runs off, and before the summer
is overitis oftenfoundnecessarytoirrigate the same
lands in order to raise crops. Such is also the case
with much land in the Sacramento valley, where
the plains are wet in the spring months, but dry as
powder before July. And in most of the instances
which we have noted, even these temporary over-
flows are not annual, but are confined to wet seasons,
and at the worst do not last but a week or two, or a
month at most.
44 Dishonest and scheming speculators have noticed
this stateof things, however, andhave taken advant-
age of it to make application to the land offices for
the segregation of these occasionally overflowed
Jands 4 for the benefit of the State.' It is manifestly
absurd to say that because a tract of land is subject
to an occasional overflow in wet weather itis,there-
fore, em braced within the meaning of the act of Con-
gress which conveyed swamp lands to the State from
the United States. Yet this is the position assumed
by these sharpers, and they proceed to justify them-
selves by dueaffidavits andotherevidencebeforetho
United States surveyor general, who has the hear-
ing of the case. It is easy enough, under theeircum-
stances.to procure witnesses to swear that they have
seen a specified quantity of water standing on the
land; and, for that matter, it is notorious that wit-
nesses can be found willing to swear to almost any-
thing when a valuable tract of land is the coveted
prize of those who summon them.
4'It would be bad enough if only the General Gov-
ernment were deprived by their system of deception
of lands properly retained for the benefit of future
actual settlers; but worse than this, in many instances,
these fieti ious representations are made to cover
lands actually under cultivation, and m the posses-
sion of men who are claiming them under tho pre-
emptionand homestead laws. In most cases, in fact,
where the grabs have been made, tbe lands in occu-
pation of settlers and covered with improvements
are invariably reached for. In a casethat has come
to our knowledge, a claim to a certain traet of land
'forthe State/ as swamp and overflowed, was heard
and argued, where theoccupant ofthedisputed land
actually appeared and not only showed that he had
been in peaceable possession for years, but produced
his patent from the United States. In hundreds of
cases it can be shown that the lands now claimed
as swamp and overflowed have been occupied for
more than ten years, and are covered with cultiva-
tion and improvements. This fact is prima facie
evidence that the land is dry and arablo; men do not
build houses and settle in a swamp.
"But where thesharpersmaketheirclaimtolands
that are occasionally wet or overflowed the poor set-
tler seldom has any notice of what is going on. In
many cases there is no contest whatever; the evi-
dence is all on one side; and if the settler has any
inkling of what is being done, he is generally too
poor to get his witnesses and pay their expenses to
San Erancisco and attend before the surveyor gen-
eral; and that officer is already overloaded with
labors and cannot be expected to sift the evidence in
the case. So, on the specious pretext that the cov-
eted lands are really subject to overflow the specu-
lator literally 'gobbles' hundreds of thousands of
acre3 of lands rightfully belonging to tho present
occupant, or fully subject to entry by actual settlers
under the laws of the United States. This iniquitous
scheme is far-reacbing, and is managed by a more
handful of men who have in some cases the cooper-
ation of dishonest county officials. Unless steps are
taken to prevent it, tbey will under these false pre-
tenses grab every acreof vacant landleft within tho
State; for onee having stretched the requirements
of the law so as to cover cases so notoriously beyond
its purview as those here cited, it will be easy here-
after to take everything. Thus settlers who are act-
ing in good faith will be defrauded, discouraged, and
driven off. and vast tracts of land now waiting for
coming immigration will go into the hands of grasp-
ing monopolists.
"The remedy for thus evil is apparent. Advantage
has been taken ot the use of the term 'swamp and
overflowed land' to grab land which is occasionally
overflowed, but which can in no sense be considered
cither swamp or overflowed land in the moaning- of
the act of 1850. The use of the word 4 overflowed5
is most unfortunate, and really is surplusage. Con-
gress should at once define what is meantby tho term
here applied, and lands only occasionally over-
flowed should be exempt from the provisions of tho
act. In the mean time alt entries of lands forthe
assumed benefit of the State, under the swamp land
act should be suspended until investigation shall
determine the true character of the land. In future
the local land officers should be obliged to hear the
cases in which contests arise, or in which doubt
obtains. They are the only competent authority to
decide upon the real character of tracts in dispute;
complaints from settlerscome to them; the lands are
nearer their offices than any other official establish-
ment, and they would have power to summon wit-
nesses in behalf of the United States; for the Gen-
eral Government is bound to protect those claiming
under it, and is the real contestant in cases between
the settler and speculator. The attention of the
California delegation in Congress should at oncc be
directed to the enormous wrong which is being per-
petrated on the State, and proper steps betaken to
put a stop to a scheme so fraught with evil to tho
vital interests of California."
I call attention to the following from a letter
I have received from a prominent and very
well-informed man in California, whose state-
ments are worthy of great consideration :
44 Sir: I inclose herewith aslip from the daily pub-
lished proceedings of the Legislature of this State,
whicft speaks for itself:
44 'Julian's swamp-land bill' hascau3cdaterrible
fluttering among the land-grabbers, the result of
which was the introduction and passage of the reso-
lution requesting the members of Congress from Cal-
ifornia to procure a modification of or to oppose the
passage of the bill, for the reason, as alleged, that it
is unjust to 'a large numberof purchasers who have
paid or partly paid for largo tracts,' &e.
44 The resolution further recites4 that the settlers on
swamp lands in this State were liable to be deprived
of their lands if this bill became a law.'
44 In my previous letters I have dwelt pretty fully
upon the matter of4swamp and overflowed' lands,
and should have troubled you no further upon the
subject but for the allegations contained in the res-
olution offered in and passed by tho Legislature,
first, as to the large number of purchasers who have
purchased large tracts and paid or partly paid for
the same, &c.
"This large number consists of a fowspeculators
who have gobbled up every forty acres of land in tho
State that ha^ ever had water on it for a week at a
time, predicating their right to do so upon the word
' overflowed.'
4' The act of September 28,1850, granted to the State
all the 'swamp and overflowed' (not swamp or over-
flowed) lands by the fourth section of said act, con-
ditioned entirely upon the terms of the three preced-
ing sections granting this class of lands to the State
of Arkansas.
44 The Secretary of the Interior in preparing lists of
this class of lands is to include legal subdivisions
when a greater part of the same is 4 wet and unlit
for cultivation,' out when tho greater part of a sub-
division is not of that character, tho whole of it shall
be excluded therefrom. Ijy the conditions of the act
of 1850, the State of California is cleaily entitled to
all the 'swamp and overflowed' lands within its bor-
ders, which lands include all thespongy, low, soft, wet
ground filled with water, 'swauip and overflowed,'
wet and unfit for cultivation, and not a foot of firm
land upon which any kind of a crop can be grown
during any portion of tho year withoutreclaination.
44 Had the speculators confined themselves to lands
strictly'swamp and overflowed,' no objection would
have been made; but when they come to reach out
over the whole State and gobble up hundreds of
thousands of acres of the richestlands, of the Sacra-
mento and other valleys, claiming them as * swaiup
and overflowed,' simply from the fact that during
tho high freshet3 of the spring and the freshets of
tho winter months—the former caused by the melt-
ing snows, and the latter by the heavy and continued
showers of the rainy season—it becomes au immense
and infernal swindle upon tho Government and tho
people ; and if Congress bus any regard for its own
rights or for the wants of the thousands of its poor
citizens, who wuuld gladly take up and be content to
settle upon one hundred and sixty acres ol' these
alleged 'swamp and overflowed' lands, it will at
once pass a joint resolution insciucting and directing
tho Secretaiy oi' the Interior to seo to it that no
more of the lands included in the lists forwarded by
the surveyor general ot the Slate, to bo listed as
4 swamp and overflowed/ be so listed until tho facts
as to the 1 eal quality of such lands be ascertained
through tho Government's own sworn officials^— the
registers and receivers of the several United States
land offices for the various districts of this State.
" If the official plats of the surveys of tho public
lands on file in the General Land Office show more
or less of the lands in cei tain townships to be segre-
gated as 'swamp and overflowed,' it should not be
any evidence that all of sucu lands arc of that char-
acter, or that one half of them are what they are
therein represented. The platsoi several townships
iu this district show from one third to three fourths
segregated as 'swamp and overflowed land's/when
tho fact is that these vciy landa, eo returned by the
deputy United States smveyor, aie dry and firm
lands; and in one township, to my certain knowl-
edge, many men have settled with their families and
have asked to file their declaratory statements, and
upon the register of the land office refusing to per-
mit then-filing, on the ground that said lands were
claimed by the Slate as 'swamp and overflowed,'
tho parties have appealed to the Commissioner with
sworn affidavits as to the quality of the land. I
would call your attention to the affidavits of Gillam
C. liowaid, Edward Fitzgerald, J. W. Padau, and
Calvin C.Gove, with the register's letter accompany-
tho same, under date of March 10 ultimo. The re-
marks of Mr. Martin on the introduction of tho
resolution, ' that a bill hod been introduced m
Congress of such a nature that the settlers ou
swamp lands in this State were liable to be de-
prived ot their lands if this bill became a law,' kc.,
are simply absurd. Men do not settle in swamps,
unless renegades irom justice. The bill pending is
the only hope of the poor man to get what properly
belongs to him by tho laws of his Government and
which is now being witheld from him because a lot
of land-sharks claim it to be what it is not and
threaten him with prosecution If he dares to inter-
fere with their claims.
"The act ot lbSO granted 'swamp and overflowed'
lands to this State. It has been the piactice at the
State land ofiico to sell t:> every applicant any land
anywhere on theaffidavitor allegation oi said appli-
cant that the land was 'swamp and overflowed/
whether inside or outside of the segregation lines on
the township plats. The greater portion, or onohalf
of them, it is believed, wero lands actually belonging
to the United States Government, and to which the
State had not at the time of said sale, nor now has,
any title, said lands never having been listed to the
State by the Government.
4*It is upon these illegal sales of the State that the
speculators hold and claim these vast areas of lands-
the most valuable of the public domain in the couno
try, to the exclusion of the settler who desires to
take them as preemptions and homesteads.
44 A ratification of these illegal sale3 will now be
urged, and another bill to 4 quiet land titles in Cali-
fornia* will be pressed on tho part of the State, and
the State surveyor general, John W. Bort, esq., who
left hero on the 7th instant for Washington, doubt-
less goes for that purpose.
4< The State has now no right to ask that Congress
ratify these illegal sales. Tb e State authorities knew
lull well, or ought to have known, that when they
made these sales and received tho whole or a part
of the money therefor they were selling lands
which belonged to tho Government of the United
States, and to which the State had not then, nor has
it now any title, said lands not yet having been
listed to it; and if Congress does what is right they
never will be, for they do not come within the mean-
ing of the grant made to the State by the fourth sec-
tion of the act of 2SthSeptember, 1850, 'swampand
overflowed' lands.
" Thero may be some excuse for the State authori-
ties selling lands under some of the other grants be-
fore they are listed, forthey are an absolute gift; but
the grant of lands to the State under the act of 1850,
is conditioned upon the character of the lands; and
until the Government have decided what lands come
within the purview of that act, and have listed over
and given the State a title to the same, the State has
no more right to sell an acre than has the preemptor
who settles upon one hundred and sixty acres un-
der another act of Congress. And the State has no
more right to go to Congress after having sold tho
land of the Government, and plead that it made tho
sale 'in good faith,' because such lands had been
promised, under conditions, than would the pre-
emptor who should sell his one hundred and sixty
acrcs promised him, under conditions. He is just as
much entitled, and so would all preemptors be, to
make sale and plead that they did it *in good faith/
as the State has.
44 There are to-day within the limits of the Marys-
ville land district thousands of acres of the very bost
land in the State, the property of the Government,
on even sections,(wherever there are railroad grants,)
vacant, upon which citizens of the United States,
with their families, are desirous and willing to settle,
asking only what the preemption and homestead
laws allow them, but who aro too poor to brave the
threats of prosecution by the land sharks who claim
and hold these larrds under title from the State.
" Tho registers ot land offices should be directed to
permit settlers to go upon these lands on filing their
declaratory statements, together with an affidavit as
to us character. This would solve the problem of
dry and swamp land at once.
" lteferring again to the question of listing lands by
tho Governments theState,Commissioner Edmonds,
in letter of instructions to registers, under date of
August 21, 18G2, says: 'The State authorities will
have no right to sell or dispose of any of the lands
selected until they shall have been furnished with
certified lists of approval by tho Secretary of tho
Interior.'
" Let there be, then, no law passed ' to quiet land
titles in California' under the pica that the Stato
having sold them in good faith they should.be listed
to Irer.
4 * The resolution herewith inclosed was gotton up in
and for the interestof the speculator; and the Stato
of California having illegally disposod of the Gov-
orn ment lands,to which she had no title, and to which,
in view of the real character of tho lands she has
thus disposed of, she could have none under the pro-
visions of the act of 28th September, 1850, she has
only to pass at the next session of the Legislature
an appropriation bill to cover the amount she has
received for these Government lands and refund the
money to those who have purchased.
"An. impoitant fact I neglected to state in the
proper connection is that a great portion of the lands
in tho Sacramento valley, now claimed by the Stato
to be swamp and overflowed, were not such in 1850,
according to the testimony of those then residing in
tne country, but have only become subject to occa-
sional inundation on account of tho Ailing of tho
channels of the rivers from the washings of tbe in-
numerable mining camps; and as proof of this fact I
wilt cite the bed of the Yuba river at this point,
which is at this date twenty feet nearer the level of
the city than in 1850. Tho city of Marysville has
been, from the overflow of the Yuba in times of high
freshets, flooded to a depth of two feet for a week or
more at a time. One of the richest and most valuable
lanehos in the valley of the Sacramento ten years ago
w a s that of Govern or Low,(the present minister of tho
United States to China,) lying directly opposite this
city, and never subject to overflow until after tho
Ailing of the channel of the Yuba, as above stated ;
a ranch which could have been sold previous to that
at §100 per acre in gold, now utterly ruined by the
Jarge amount ofsand and mud deposited by the great
floods of a few years since.
441 am sorry to have again troubled you in this
matter, but this is a fight of the monopolist, assisted
by the State, against the Government and her peo-
ple, and I still have confidence sufficient in the
Committees of Public Lands in Congress to believe
that they will thoroughly ventilate the swindles that
