456
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 1,
Ho. of Reps.
Independence of Cuba—Mr. Banks.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Iri these States there are civil governments,
tribunals of justice, churches, public journals,
schools, post offices, institutions for the poor,
and local administrations as permanent as can
exist in time of revolution. With military
passes the people move through the country
with safety. They begin to manufacture arms
and munitions of war. Their industry is gen-
erally uninterrupted. They estimate the sur-
plus industrial products of the last twenty-one
monthsin these three independent States at ten
or twelve million dollars.
They do not fortify and defend the towns
because their possession would be useless, and
their defense a senseless waste of the lives and
property of their own people. The towns are
without value to the Spaniards, except in name.
With a few exceptions, the cities are near the
coast; and upon an islan d wh ose average breadth
is less than sixty-five miles the Spaniards can
easily concentrate their whole force, by the aid
of the navy, upon any fortified place. Such a
war would be insanity for the Cubans. That
they avoid it is to them an honor and a guar-
antee of success. The Cubans possess the
country and represent the people. The strength
of the Spaniards is in their undisputed con-
trol of the seas adjacent to the island, by
means of which, with the aid of the United
States, they occupy, without opposition from
the Cubans, several of the principal towns of
the interior.
POPULATION.
The population of Cuba, according to the
latest Spanish authorities, is 1,230,000, which
is divided as follows :
Whito raeo:
Creoles born in the island.....  550,000
Spaniards born in fiuropo    75,000
Floating population  10,000
Rod raco:
Natives of tho island and Asiatics  15,000
Blaok raoo:
Froo laulattoos  120,000
lfreo blacks   88,000
Slaves, (mulattoos and negroos)  372,000
Total 1,230,000
The number of slaves stated is far below tho
actual truth. Their interest in reducing it is
manifest. The number of blacks brought from
Africa since the international treaty against the
slave trade in 1817 exceeds six huudred thou-
sand. The British consul at Havana reported
to the British Parliament that the importation
for 1860 exceeded twonty-six thousand slaves.
The actual population of Cuba, upon tho esti-
mate of the most intelligent of its people,
exceeds one million six hundred thousand
rouIs, of whom between six and seven hundred
thousand are slaves, t And of this population
a million and a half, including nearly the whole
of the Cuban people, are in sympathy with the
contest for independence.
EFFECT 01' THE REVOLUTION UPON TJIK INSTITUTION
OP SLAVEItY.
The Cuban constitution declares that "all
inhabitants of the island are entirely free."
An assembly of the people had previously pro-
claimed, " Slavery is abolished." The declar-
ation of independence of October, 1868, ex-
pressed their desire for universal emancipation.
The American consul general at Havana ap-
pears to have made^ unsuccessful search for
Bomgjdeclaration against emancipation, for he
says m his dispatch to the Secretary of State,
16th of September, 1869 :
"It does not appear to me to bo likely that any
other copies than that I now send of tho constitu-
tion, and those spntby Mr. La Reintre and Mr. Hall
of the proclamations issued, can have boen published
here that aro differently worded with reference to
slavery ; lor these, m the manner in which they have
been procured, appear to have been designed for
circulation on tho island rather than especially to
be sent abroad."—Page 142.
There is no probability of the immediate
tEovue des Deux Mondos, 15th November. 1869
page 4KS.
abolition of slavery in Cuba by the Spanish
Government. The American consul general
in Cuba says he does not find any expression
of belief in official quarters that it would be
practicable; and he does not think Spain de-
signs to treat the subject in that way. (Pages
148 and 149.) The American minister at Mad-
rid says the Spanish minister of State informed
him that in this Cuban conflict the liheral
leaders of Spain "stood before the world as
opposed to self-government, and resisting the
abolition of slavery." (Page 119.)
The Spanish colonial minister read a plan of'
government for Porto Rico to the Cortes
November 24, 18C9, after the dissolution by
public decree of two commissions for reforms
in that island, in consequence of disagreement
upon the subject of slavery, (pages 60 and 161,)
which declares that "so long as slavery exists,
all public discussion with regard to it is pro-
hibited." (Page 162.) ■
The American minister, in a dispatch, 25th
September, 1869, says a decree will soon be
issued " initiating" the abolition of slavery by
giving freedom to all negroes born after the
date of this decree. But even that is not yet
issued. (Page 345.)
The colonial minister has since declared to
the Cortes that " the Government would not
bring forward any measure of reform for Cuba
until the last hostile band was dispersed and
the insurgents had lost all hope." (Page 101.)
General Prim said to Geneial Sickles, 12th of
August, that no human power could obtain
from the Spanish people the most insignificant
concession while the rebellion maintained its
footing.
Sefior Bcreerra, colonial minister, in pro-
posing a commission for reforms in Porto Rico,
speaks of the discretion with which liberty
should be accorded to persons whom it had
been considered a crime to call human beings,
and for whom labor had been a permanent sign
of servitude; and that such changes must
receive serious and conscientious study.
The more recent declarations made to the
Cortes upon the subject of slavery recognize
its existence for an indefinite period, and if
they should be approved, which is improbable,
would be accompanied by a corresponding
extension of tho slave trade.
There is, therefore, no just ground for anti-
cipating its abolition by the action of Spain
until the Cubans are destroyed, and then only
upon a plan which would perpetuate slavery
and tho slave trade for three generations. The
importation of slaves would continue long after
tho birth of the first free child, whose advent
is to be postponed until the surrender of the
Cubans. And this is the plan of emancipation
proposed by the liberal leaders of Spain.
The American consul at Matanzas, in a dis-
patch to the Secretary of State, November
18, 1809, says that the Cubans claim that the
African slave trade will only definitely cease
with the unconditional abolition of slavery in
the island. (Hall to Seward, page 71.) Of a
slave population, numbering six or seven hun-
dred thousand, two hundred thousand speak
only the languages of the tribes of Africa.
The Government can do nothing in tho way
of enfranchisement for Cuba, said Mr. Layard
to Mr. Sickles, December 29, 1869, while the
rebellion is flagrant, without alienating the
" Spanish party" in the island. The "Span-
ish party" is described by Mr. Sickles as a por-
tion of the slaveholders, who are the most
influential partisans of the home Government,
and the persons employed in the colonial admin-
istration. (Page 67.) Emancipation of slaves
cannot be separated from other questions now
paramount, said General Prim to the American
minister. (Page 26.)
The maintenance of slavery seems, therefore,
to be one of the chief motives of " the Spanish
party'' for resisting the independence of the
island. Mr. Sickles says, in a dispatch, De-
cember 29,1869, that if slavery is abolished in
Porto Rico the Spanish party will have fewer
motives to resist the independence of Cuba;
for with slavery abolished in Porto Rico there
would be little hope of perpetuating it in Cuba.
(Page 67.) The Cubans, on the contrary, seek
their own liberty by giving liberty to the slave.
"They believe," says Mr. Hall, in a dispatch
to Mr. Seward, November 18, 1869, " that
while slavery exists there will be no govern-
ment established in Caba in which they can
haveavoice," (page 71;) and the judgmentof
Spaniards and natives in Cuba is confirmed by
that of the Spanish provisional government.
'' The abolition of slavery," said General Prim
to Mr. Sickles, August 21, 1869, " will imme-
diately follow the emancipation of the island."
(Page 30.)
The principles involved in this struggle, there-
fore, are manifest.. The people of Cuba fight
for—
Independence of Spain;
The right of self-government;
Religious liberty ;
The abolition of slavery;
Universal suffrage ;
The emancipation of industry and trade;
The freedom of speech and the press;
The rights of assembly and petition ;
for general education ; and
"All other inalienable rights of the people."
They fight for the termination of European
Governments on this continent. They fight
against Spanish tyranny ; against monarchical,
aristocratic, and personal government; against
dignities and titles ; against the corrupt dupli-
cation of offices ; against slavery and the slave
trade ; and against the Government at Madrid,
which, to use the language of General Prim,
"in this contest stands before the world op-
posed to self-government, and resisting the
abolition of slavery." It is to aid the Span-
ish cause that Spain appeals to us, and it is
agajnst her policy, revolting to the spirit of
the age and the theory and practice of the
American Government from its foundation,
that we protest. The liberal sentiment of the
civilized world upon this subject is expressed
by Mr. Laboulaye in bis introduction to Blunt-
schli's Code of International Law. "Spain
cannot be permitted," he says, " to invade
Africa with war and pillage to the injury of the
whole world, in order that she may steal some
unhappy blacks and send them to die in Cuba,
She ought not to be allowed, in pursuit of her
abject interests, to disregard the rights of the
whole human race." (Bluotschli's Code of
International Law. introduction, page 14.)
THE SPANISH TTAB FORCES IS CUBA.
In October, 1SG8, there were 19,760 Spanish
soldiers in Cuba. General Prim stated to the
Spanish Cortes, 30th November, 1869, that
Spain had sent 20,960 troops of the regular
army, 2,600 marines, 1,371 recruits for exist-
ing regiments, and 9,503 volunteers—a total of
84,500 men, to reenforce the army and navy
of Spain. The American consul at Havana
reports to this Government, June 4. 1869, that
volunteers have been organized from the Span-
ish residents in Cuba, numbering about 30,000.
There were, in October, 1868, fourteen men
of war in Cuban waters, inountiug 128gunsand
manned by 15,000 men. This sea force has
been strengthened, aceordmgto the declaration
of General Prim, by two iron clads, four frig-
ates, eight war steamers ot'large tonnage, four
war brigs, fourteen warships, manned by 15,000
sailors, and thirty gun-boats, mountingone 100-
pound Parrot t gun each, which were built and
manned in the United States. The Spanish
forces employed in Cuba since October, 1868,
number from 90,000 to 100,000 men, of all
arms. The Spanish authorities estimate their
force at 107,400 men.
Vast quantities of war stores have been trans-
