1470
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
of South Oarolina, where his family now resides and
where his taxes are assessed.]
Witness, (continuing.) When I reached "Washing-
ton i found that Mr. Whittemork had gone South.
1 then addressed a letter to Mr. Whittemork, of
which the following is a copy:
Washington, May 4,1869.
Dear Sir : I hereby inclose yon a note from Mr.
W. F. Shaw, of the city of Boston, which I expected
to deliver to you in person. On my arrival here I
find that you had left for home.
I was informed in the Navy Department that your
appointment is still open. I again beg of you to
give the same to my son.
liy granting me this request you will confer the
greatest favor on an unfortunate outdevotod father.
Very respectfully, yours,
P. H. KEGLER,
Care of Astor House, New York.
Hon. B. F. Whittemork,
Member of Oonortt* of South Carolina.
Here is Mr. WhitTemork's reply to that letter:
Darlington, S. C., May 12,1869.
Dear Sir: In reply to your communication I have
to say that so many have applied for the position
you name that I have set the value of tbe appoint-
ment, outside my district, at $500.
Yours, &c.,  
B. F. WHITTEMORE.
P. II. Kbgler, Esq.
Question. What followed; did you make any reply
to Mr. Whittkmore's letter?
Answer. No, sir: not at that time. I waited for
some time, and I spoke to ono or two gentlemen in
reference to it, telling them how I was troated. Then
I wrote to Mr. Whittkmorr, saying that he bad acted
in a very equivocal way toward me. I also said that
there were parties who wanted to get possession of
bis letter for political purposes, as I thought; that
money was offered to me for it, and that I would not
give it up. I expected that his conscience would
prompt him to give me that appointment. Instead
of that he wanted me to return the letter.
[ Witaess presents to the committee th e letter from
Mr. Whittemork, of whioh the following is a copy:
Darlington, S. C., October 21,1869.
Dkar Sir : I have just returned from a visit to the
West, and find a letter on my table of the 8th of Sep-
tember from you, in which you say, "A gentleman
of public repute is extremely anxious to get from
you a letter which you received from me relative to
the admission of your son to the Naval Academy,
and offers $500 in exchange."
I certainly.cannot understand what there is in that
letter of such value to "a gentleman," known or
unknown to ate, or why my nonor as a politician,
minister, or otherwise, is to be compromised.
I am astonished that you should allow any letter
written by myself or anyone else to be used or sought
lor "deep political or other action" against me or
any gentleman who corresponds with you.
1 hope you will return the letter to me, asl should
to you if it was to become the medium of injury in
the hands of base, designing men.
The only reason your application in your son's
behalf cwu Id not be entertained was that others were
before you in their requests. I shall be pleased to
advance the interests of any young dim, if in my
power.
Yours, trulr, B, F. WHITTEMORE.
R II.jK*gl*r, esq.]
Quettion. I)id that close the correspondence ?
Aiutcer. That dosed Mr. Whittemore'b corre-
spond mice. But her* is a letter whioh X received
afterward under Mr. Whittrmore'b frank.
[Witness produces the following letter, inclosed in
no envelope directed to him under the frank and
apparently in the handwriting of Mr. Whittemork,
and postmarked "Washington,D.O., December7:"
Washington, [Boston erased,]
November 29,1869.
Sis: I learn that you claim to be an acquaintance
of mine, and as I cannot call to my mind among my
friends one of your name I would be pleased to hear
from you on wnat grounds the claim is founded.
I also learn that you seek to injure a former em-
ploye of mine, in whose welfare I take much inter-
est, and, as near as lean Judge, your object is but to
save small cost to yourself in the matter of benefit-
ing yonr son; if this is .the case, just bear in mind
what has been done ean be undone at a cost, and if
I find you have played false I can vouch for it that
I can find means sufficient to bring about results that
will cause you to regret your movements.
Deal fairly with my friend or trust to what results
I may be able to bring about by untiring efforts. If
unfortunate, you will find your account in dealing
justly toward your fellow-men.
Yours, W. F. SHAW,
815 Washington street, Boston.
Mr. P. H. K roles.]
Question. This Shaw was the man who had Whittr-
more's appointment?
Answer. Yes, sir; Mr. Shaw was not aware that I
had seen or applied to Mr. Whittkmorb four months
before he offered me that appointment. I saw Mr.
Shaw in April, and I saw Mr. Whittkmobe in January
Srevious. It was one of those instances which do not
appen oncein ahundred thousand times. I did not
say thatl had seen Mr. Whittemork, nor did I men-
tion Mr. Whittkmore's name; but J thought it very
'{* Mr. Whitteuork to extort thaol^s from me
while he was acting double-faced toward mo. I
was offered money for his letter, but I would not soil
it. Mr. Cathcart one day got me to show it to hiui
and he took a eopy of it.
Question. That is all that ycu know of the ease ?
Answer. That is that all I know of it.
Question. Where wore you born ?
In Germany. I lived in Boston from 1842
to 1857. I was a manufacturer of cutlery and of
surgical instruments. From thero I went to Little
Rock, Arkansas, where I was when the war broke out.
I was a Union man and my Unionism noarly cost nio
my neck. I was conscripted on tho 3d February,
1863, and on the 8th of February I deterted or ske-
daddled. If I had been caught that would havo been
an end of me. I made my way to Memphis and was
away from my family eleven months, until Li ttlo lloclt
was taken by General Steele. All my property was
t ken or destroyed by the confederates. 1 brought
my family North and returned to Little llock, but
after a couple of weeks I was taken sick and came
! North. In about four months after I had recovered
■ sufficiently to look after business General Barnes gave
me au appointment as inspector of surgioal instru-
1 ments to Sherman's army, but when Ircachod Savan-
nah the army had marched northward. I wont to
> Charleston, and, having made money in Arkansas
after tho cloao of tbe war, I went into tho brokerage
and banking business. I remained in Charleston from
1865 till August, 1867, engaged in that business.
By Mr. Hook :
Question, Were you connected with any newspaper
in Charleston while you were thero ?
Answer. Cathcart was an acquaintance of mine.
Ho had been connected with the London Post. I
thought that another paper in Charleston could do
very well; Knd having the moans, and feeling desir-
ous to give Cathcart a start, I did so, I did not
invest ono cent in the paper, and was not interested
in it financially.
Question. Were you connected with tho profits in
any way ?
Ansioer. No, sir.
Question. What was your connection with tho
Charleston News?
Answer. Merely to give Cathcart a start in life.
By Mr. Witcher:
Question. What wcro the politics of that paper?
Answer. I really do uot know. I think it was on
the fence; willing to do anything to muke money.
A. Schoepf examined.
By Mr. Slocum:
Question. Is this [referring to previous evidence
given by witness] the only case of sale or proposed
sale of such positions with whioh you are acquainted?
Answer. I know of another case of proposed sale,
or the same ease; it was in tho case of this same
young man; but it was another gentleman that pro-
posed the sale of the place. I was introduced to biin,
but have now forgotten his name; should ptirhaps
know it if I should hear it—I am not certain; I
should know him if I should sec him; [witness gives
a detailed description of his appearance.] I know he
was originally a Massachusetts man and a Methodist
minister; during the war he waschaplain for a Mas'
sachusetts regiment, and when the war ended lie set-
tled in one of the southern States. Well, I was intro-
duced to him without thinking of money at all in
connection with the matter; I asked him if there
| was any chance to secure an appointment for General
Tyler's son to a vacant cadetship which I understood
there was in his district; he asked mo to write
down tho direction; Idid so. "Well," said he, "you
can get it; my price is $2,000." I was surprised,
greatly, but went on to say that I believed the young
man was a little over age; he said "Nomatter; paper
will bear anything." Xhen I left him; I didn't want
anything whatever to do with any bribing. I was
introduced to this man by another southern gentle-
man, from Georgia, I think; he was formerly an offi-
cer in the rebel army; his name was Young; he was
not present at the above conversation; nobody was
S resent excepting us two; he took me into a corner
ere. I had simply asked Young if he knew any-
body that had a position of this kind that could bo
had for the son of an old Army officer; then he men-
tioned this man, and introduced me to him.
Question. Was his name W hittkmore ?
Answer. I think that was it.
Question. Have you been engaged in this business
of procuring such positions to any considerable
extent?
Question. Never, sir, except in this one ease, gen-
eral Tyler was an old and intimate friend of mine.
W^ile trying to do what I could for his son I thought
a lawyer might help mo out, and so I went to Gen-
eral fcste because ne was a lawyer. He went to
investigating, and finally told mo the position could
be obtained for $1,500. I wrote to General Tyler so,
and he sent me the $1,500, and I gave it to General
Este. I did not keep a dollar myself; I was not
working for money.
[At the conclusion of tho examination General
Scboepfwas taken to the Hall of the House of Rep-
resentatives and asked to point out the gentleman
who told him that the cadetship could be had, but
that the price was $2,000. He identified Mr. W hitte-
more, of South Carolina, as being the man, and so
stated on his return to the committee-room.]
Washington, p. C., February 19,1870.
E. P. Brooks recalled and examined.
By Mr. Slocum :
Question. The committee now desire you to answer
the question propounded to you yesterday as to the
particulars of tho other cases to which you referred.
Answer. I would like to explain that the reason
V{iy I declined to answer was this: my transactions
with Mr. Whittemore were of such a character that
I did not like to couple him in connection with the
gentlemen I bad mentioned. They wero men who,
to my mind, were in tbe market. I approached Mr.
Whittkmorb early in 1868, and asked him if I could
get his cadetship to West Point. He refused to have
any transaction with me in the matter. I saw him
frequently; waswith him a good deal. Iwasobliged
to argue with him a good deal and to assist him in
proving to him that he had no boy in his district
capable of taking tho place beforo I could make any
headway. He refused altogether to receive money
tor it. I told him that I understood it was a usual
matter for members to do such things; that it was a
political perquisite; that ho could use the money for
political purposes as well as to gain the friendship
of political friends which he might make. With a
distinct understanding, and, as I believe, a religious
understanding on his part that the money was to be
used tor political and educational purposes in his
district, ho consented to receive the money which I
gave to him. Ho also insisted that the boy should
go to bis district and acquire a legal residence, which
I arranged.
By the Chairman:
Question. How much money did you pay?
Answer. I cannot remember the exact amount. I
handled considerable amounts of money just ahout
that time. I think it was somewhere in the neigh-
borhood of $1,500. I am not sure as to that, however.
Question. From whotn did you get that money?
Answer. I cot it through a draft on New York from
Mr. John T. Dailey.
Question. How much in all did you get for the ap-
pointment of his son?
Answer. That I do not remember.
Question. Did you get more than $1,500?
Ansioer. I did.
Question. How much more ?
Answer. II. S. Olcott, the agent, whose name I
mentioned in my testimony yesterday, was concerned
in this matter. I think that he brought me money
enough so that I put in my own pocket about $750.
Question. How much did he get for his influence ?
Answer. I do not know. Tbe draft I spoke of was
made by Mr. Olcott on Mr. Dailey.
Question. Mr. Dailey paid the draft ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Where did you pay this money to Mr.
Whittemork?
Answer. In his rooms in this city. I think he was
living on Louisiana avenue at that time.
Question. You aro sure that the amount was about
fifteen hundred dollars?
Answer. I feel very certain of it.
Question. Have you given all the facts in connec-
tion with this case?
Ansioer. Yes  sir.
Question. What was the name of the young man
who was appointed?
Ansioer. Thomas T. Dailey.
Question. Where did he reside?
Answer. His father lived in Now York. The hoy
Went down and accepted a place as clerk in the office
Of assessor of internal revenue in the district from
which he was appointed.
Question. Did the hoy go down there for the pur-
pose of making that his residence, so as to get this
appointment?
Answer. Ue did. The boy was to comply with tbe
requirements of the law in that respect.
By Mr. Morgan:
Question. Who got him the clerkship in the inter-
nal revenue oifice?
Answer. I do not know.
By Mr. Slocum ;
Question. Can y ott be very positive as to the amount
you paid to Mr. Whittkmore ?
Answer. I cannot. I was handling at that time a
good deal of money that did not belong to me. I do
not know how much I paid him.
Question. You must have known how much you got
of Mr. Dailey.
Answer. Mr. Dailey and Mr. Olcott had been, in
business together, and Mf. Olcott and myself had a
great deal of business in the wa^r of the prosecution
of claims and matters of that kind.
Question. Are you sure that it was over fourteen
hundred dollars?
Ansioer. I am not positive.
Question. Give us the lowest limit.
Ansioer. I should place the lowest limit at $1,000,
and I think $1,500 would be the extreme limit.
By Mr. Morgan:
Question. For what purpose were yon handling so
much money at that time?
Answer. Nothing that belonged to this transaction.
Question. Was it for the purpose of influencing the
action of members of Congress?
Answer. No, sir.
Question, Was it for the purpose of influencing the
action of eoarts?
Answer. It was nothing connected with this invest-
igation.
Question. I Want you to answer my question.
Answer. I decline to do it.
Washington, D. C., February 19,1870. ;
John T. Dailey sworn and examined.
By the Chairman:
Question, State your age, residence, and occupa-
tion.
Answer. Age, forty-six; residence. Madison ave-
nue, New York; occupation, merchant.
Question. It has been in evidence here that you
have paid money for the appointment of your son to
tbe Military Academy at West Point; please state
all the facts connected with the procurement of that
appointment.
