4302
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
Department of the Interior.
Office of Indian Affars,
"Washington, D. C., June 3,1870.
Sir: I have the honor to state that there are now
in ttiis city two delegations of Sioux Indians, num-
bering, with the agents and interpreters in charge
of thetn, thirty-two persons. These Indians, or most
of them, are hostile to the United States Govern-
ment, and are here by direction of the President,
that they may be able to state their complaints and
grievances in person, and with the view of having
the pea.ee preserved on the frontier. A delegation
of the Pawnees is expected here i-n a few days, for
the purpose of settling some diflicul ties between them
and the Sioux; and also one of theOsages, to arrange
certain matters concerning the interests and welfare
of that tribe.
"When the Sioux return to their homes it is desired
to send them by the way of Philadelphia and New
York, stopping a few days in each of those cities to
see the principal things to be seen there. It is
believed this course will have a good influence upon
them, by impressing them with the power of the
Government, and convincing them of thegreatnum-
bcr of whites and the uselessuess of warring with
them. They will also expect to leceivo presents to
take to their friends and relatives, and they should
certainly be indulged in this particular.
To defray the expenses of theso delegations and to
purchase presents for the Sioux it is believod that
$50,000 will be required; and in order that the funds
may be at the disposal of the Department when
needed, I respectfully recommend that the matter be
laid before Congress, with the request that an appro-
priation may be made for the objects herein stated
the earliest day practicable.
I herewith incloso an estimate of appropriation
required for the purposes above named.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
E. S. PARKER, Commissioner.
Hon. J. D. Cox, Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. FOWLER. I believe this joint resolu-
tion is now presented for the first time, is it
not?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir.
Mr. FOWLER. I think I shall have to
object lo it. That is a great deal of money to
be spent for a visit of this kind.
Mr. MORIilLL, of Maine. I suppose it is
too late to make an objection; but still if the
Senator desires it to He over, I have no objec-
tion.
Mr. FOWLER. I intended to make the
objection as soon as it was read.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have no objec-
tion to its going over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Tennessee objecting, the joint resolu-
tion will go over until to-morrow.
order of isusinhs3.
Mr. ROSS. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the Calendar, commen-
cing where we left, off when we last had the Cal-
endar under consideration.
Mr. SUMNER. Under which rule? The
Calendar of unobjected cases?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Kansas moves to pass over the pend-
ing bill and to proceed with the Calendar,
taking up the unobjected cases according to
the rule of the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. That is right, I think.
Mr. RAMSEY. Who makes that motion?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Kansas, [Mr. Ross.]
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Dowebegin
■where we left off when we last, considered the
Calendar ?
Mr. RAMSEY. But it is understood the
franking bill is otherwise before the Senate.
Mr. STEWART. Exactly; it is "other-
wise" before the Senate.
Mr. ROSS. My motion ia to commence
where we left off on the last Friday evening
session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the ques-
tion, and declared that the ayes appeared to
have it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I call for a division. I
hope we shall finish this franking bill and get
it out of th eivay. It will be an economy of
time to do so. It it always in our way.
Mr. HAMLIN. And a motion has been made
to adjourn over.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope we shall not do
that, or anything else until we finish this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is to pass over the pending bill, with a view
of proceeding to the consideration of the
Calendar; and on that question a division is
demanded.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. There are so
few here, and the bill before us is of so much
importance, although I do not know how the
members of the Senate who aie now here stand
upon it, that I think it would be hardly fair to
press the bill when it was understood by at least
a large portion of the Senate that the general
Calendar would be gone into this evening.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That proposition was
objected to when it was stated.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. 1 knowit was ;
but there were a large number of Senators
who supposed it would be gone into, neverthe-
less.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like to
ask the chairman of the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads whether he expects
that a vote can be reached on this franking bill
to-night?
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope so. That is all I
can say. The Senator knows how impossible
it is to say what you can look for in the Senate
with any certainty.
Mr. TRUMBULL. You do not know of any
lengthy debate upon it?
Mr. RAMSEY. I am not aware of any,
unless the Senator from Missouri [Mr. Drake]
desires to debate it.
Mr. SUMNER. Oh, yes; there will be a
long debate upon it.
Mr. MORTON. Probably we shall be able
to reach a vote to-morrow if we go on with it
to-night.
Mr. RAMSEY. Does the Senator from
Missouri expect to debate it?
Mr. DRAKE. No, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. I expect to debate the bill
further.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
to pass over the pending bill is not debatable.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 18, noes 15; no quorum voting.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CASSERLY. I desire to make an in-
quiry for information. I understood the Chair
to rule that if the Calendar were taken up it
would be for the purpose of proceeding with
such bills as were not, objected to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The rule pro-
vides that on Friday of each week the Calendar
shall be proceeded with by considering only
bills and joint resolutions to which no objection
may be made.
Mr. CASSERLY. With that understanding,
I hope we shall take up the Calendar.
Mr. SUMNER. We have not gone through
the Calendar in that way for several weeks, and
there is business on the Calendar that ought
to be taken up.
Mr. 'THAYER. I desire to ask a question.
I ask whether a motion was not made this after-
noon that we take a recess, for the purpose of
taking up the Calendar in the evening? Was
not that a part of the motion ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
undeistands that there was such a motion; but
it was not agreed to by uuanimous consent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was objected to.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on passing over the pending bill with
a view of taking up the Calendar.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 14 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Boreman, Casscrly, Colo, Davis,
Drake, Fowler, Gilbert,_ Hamilton of Maryland,
Howard, Johnston, Morrill of Vermont, Pomeioy,
Pratt, lloss, Scoti, Stewart, Stockton, Sumner,
Thayer, Thurman. Tipton, Viekors, Warner, and
Willey—24.
N AYS—Messrs. Brownlow, F erry,Flanagan, Ham-
ilton of Texas, Hamlin, liai Ian, Howell, McDonald,
Morrill of Maine, Morton. 11 amsey, Rice, Spencer,
and Trumbull—14.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Anthony, Bay-
ard, Buckingham, Cameron, Carpenter. Oattell,
Chandler, Con kling, Corbett, Cragin, Edmunds, Fen-
ton, Hariis, Howe, Kellosp:, Lewis, MeCroery, Nor-
ton, Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pool, Revels, Robert-
son. Saulsbury, Sawyer, Schurx, Sherman, Sprague,
Williams, Wilson, and Yates—34.
So the motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Senate bill
No. 249 is before the Senate.
Mr. COLE. It will be remembered that the
other night, when ye were on the Calendar,
Senate bill No. 489, the last one of the general
orders oil the first page, was passed over be-
cause of the absence of my colleague, who
moved a reconsideration of the bill. It was
passed over informally on account of his ab-
sence, and I suppose it now comes up properly
first..
Mr. SUMNER. We are going on from the
bottom of page 14, or the beginning of the
fifteenth page, are we not?
The PRESIDING OFFICER.^ When the
Senate adjourned on the last evening that they
were considering the Calendar Senate bill No.
249 was under consideration.
Mr. SUMNER. But we are to-night on the
unobjected Calendar, and we are to take it up
where we left off three weeks ago, as I under-
stand.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We went through with it
once.
Mr. SUMNER. No; we stopped some-
where along on page 14.
Mr. DRAKE. At the time we got to the
bottom of the printed Calendar before there
were quite a number of bills on the Calendar
that had not been put on the printed Calendar,
and we stopped before wegot through with them.
Mr. COLE. My friend from Massachusetts
will not forget, if he was present 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
decided—not the present occupant of the chair,
but the Vice President—that the Calendar had
been gone through with, and the Chair now
decides that Senate bill No. 249 is before the
Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Chair allow me
to say that I spoke with the Vice President on
our way home, and I understood him to say
that we should take up the Calendar where we
left off some weeks ago, under the rule known
as the Anthony rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The present
occupant of the chair understood the Vice Pres-
ident differently from that.
Mr. ROSS. I made the motion to proceed
to the Calendar, and accompanied the motion
with the statement that it was expected that
we would proceed with the Calendar where we
left off on last Monday evening, the bill named
by the Chair.
Mr. COLE. I will remark that if the Chair
was present when we last considered the Cal-
endar he will remember that the bill to which
I refer was passed over informally with the
expectation that we would return to it in a few
moments, when my colleague might be present.
Mr. SCOTT. Anticipating this morning that
the unobjected Calendar would probably come
up, I made an inquiry of the Vice President
whether it would come up, and if so at what
point it would commence ; and he told roe
it would commence with Senate bill No. 38(5,
at the top of page 15.
Mr. SUMNER. That is precisely what he
told me.
Mr. HOWELL. I should like to know when
we left off on page 15? Never in the world.
That is a great mistake. We left off, the sec-
ond time that we took up the Calendar, on the
second page of the Calendar.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The whole
matter is within the control of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
if it would be in order at this time to intro-
duce a resolution to abolish these new rules,
that some of us may understand what is to be
done? I think they have taken more time in
their discussion a great deal than we ever lost
before.
Mr. THAYER. I intended to have such a
resolution ready before this.
