8858
THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
words '• for assistant commissioner, $3,000,"
iu lines nine hundred and ten and niue hun-
dred and eieveu. 1 move lo amoud that, by
substituting —
For one assistant commissioner, (to bo appointed
by the 1'iojkIoiu. by and wiih the advice and con-
sent of tho Senate, who shall :iot as Commissioner in
mw of the death, resignation, absenoe, or sickness
oi (be Commissioner, ami who shall perform such
oihor iliu'u'S us shall be u&>igued to him by the Coui-
tu\-?iouer, IV W.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next amend-
went reserved is on pagu 50, in regard to the
pay of tbe chief clerk of the Navy Depart-
ment. The amendment will be read.
l he Secretary. The Committee on Appro-
priations report to strike out in line twelve
hundred and nineteen " $2,200" and iusert
*'$"2,600," and after dollars" to insert
"wheu there is no Assistant Secretary so
as to read:
For compensation of the chief clerk of the Navy
Departmeut at $2,500, when there is no Assistant
Secretary.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no opposition to
the incumbent of this office. I think probably
be is a deserving man. If the Senate think
the Secretary of the Navy needs an Assistant
Secretary of the Navy, let them provide one;
but if you inakea new classification of the chief
clerks in the Departments you will have to go
clear through all the Departments, and the
committees of this body will be—I will not say
pestered, because we ought not to treat the ap-
plications of our fellow-citizens in that way;
but we shall be urged to put all these officers
on the same fooling. Every little discrimina-
tion of this kind operates unjustly. In one or
two cades there are chief clerks who get more
than twenty-two hundred dollars, but they are
chief clerks appointed in special bureaus which
are self-paying. Otherwise the uniform rule
is $2,200 tor a chief clerk of a Department,
$2,000 for the chief clerk of a bureau, and the
other cleTks from $1,800 down, the various
clerks being graded according to rank.
This is a discrimination in tavor of tbe chief
clerk of the Navy Department, the Depart-
ment of the Government which has least to do,
and which is assisted hy eight officers of the
Navy, all of them of the rank of commodore
or higher. If that Department cannot get
along without raising the pay of the chief clerk
we shall have to do it in all the other Depart-
ments.
I trr.st, therefore, if the Senate have made
op their minds because this gentleman is a very
upright gentleman and has behaved very well
from time to time that they must give him
extra pay they will call him Assistant Secretary
of theNavy, so that we shall not have this con-
troversy ronning through all the other Depart-
ments of the Government. I think $2,200 pays
very well for tbe services of the chief clerk in
the Navy Department. There i3 no occasion
for an increase.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. 1 call the atten-
tion of the Senator to the fact, which he will
find on page 38 that the chief clerk of a bureau
there has $2,500 salary.
Mr. SHERMAN. Thatisinthe Patent Office.
Mr. MORIilLL, of iiaine. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to my honor-
able friend that the Patent Office officers get
considerably more, in some cases twenty per
cent, more, than officers of the same rank in
other bureaus; but that is for a special reason.
The expenses of the Patent Office are paid by
the patentees themselves. The Commissioner
of Patents, for instance, gets $4,500, while a
corresponding officer in the other bureaus gets
only $3,000; and the examiners get $2,400
or 2,500,1 forget which. But that is a special
bureau where special talent of a particular kind
is required, and the expenses are paid for out
of a fund collected from the Patent Office them-
selves.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If my friend
means to say that that is predicated on the
' idea of superior skill, I think that argument is
' conclusive to me; but if he means to say that
because ihe money is collected off the people
we have a right to allow the employ63iii that
office to take what we would uot allow in other
cases, 1 submit that hisargumeut is not sound.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is true that under the
provisions of the patent law the officers in the
Patent Office require peculiar skill, and that
is the ground on which we gave the increased
salaries.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is true in
regard to the examiuers undoubtedly, but it is
not true in regard to the clerks. But I am not
going to argue the question. Here is the head
of a Department that has no assistant secre-
tary, and here is a confidential clerk sustaining
tbe relations to him of that officer, and upon
his request the committee thought it not un-
reasonable that this officer should have $2,600
salary. 1 leave it to the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tho question is
on the amendment making the pay of the chief
clerk of the Navy Department $2,500.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 19, noes 10 ; no quorum votiug.
Mr. DRAKE called for the yeas and uays;
and the^r were ordered.
Mr. '1 RUM BULL. Is this an amendment
of the Committee ou Appropriations?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. To increase a salary?
Mr. DRAKE. Yes, sir.
Mr. CRAG1N. Tbe Committee on Appro-
priations recommend it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, uays 20; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames. Urownlow, Cole, Corbett,
Cragin, Drake. McDonald, Morrill of Maine. Nyo,
Osborn, Ramsey, Kice, Ross, Sawyer, Scliurz, Scott,
Stewart, Summer, Thayer, and VVarner—20.
NAYb—Mes-r . Boreman, liuekiughau, Chandler,
Conklme, Davis, Fenton, Ferry, Hamilton ot Mary-
land, Hamilton of Texas, ilauilin, Harlan, Harris,
Howe. Howell, Johnston. MoCreery.Patterson.Pom-
eroy, Pratt, Robertson, Saulsbury, Sherman, Spen-
cer. Sprague, Tipton, Trumbull. Williams, Wilson,
and Y ates—29.
ABSKNT —Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Bayard,
Cameron, Carpenter, easterly, Cattell, Edmunds,
Flanagan. Fowler, Gilbert, Howard, Kellogg, Lewis,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Norton. Pool, Revels,
Stockton, Tharinan, V takers, and VV llley—23.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. On page 14
there was an amendment in regard to the chief
clork of the State Department.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maine now calls up the amendment on
page 14 in regard to the State Department.
The Secretary will read it.
The Chief Clerk. The clause has been
amended to read:
For compensation of the Secretary of State, two
Assistant Secretaries of State; for chief clerk; eight
elerks ot class four, additional to one clerk of class
four as disbursing clerk; eight olerks of elass three ;
one examiner ot claims at $3,500; three clerks of
class two; three clerks of class one: one messenger
at $840; one assistant messenger at $720; nine labor-
ers; four watchmen,$63,300; two clerks of class four
to make indexes of the records of the State Depart-
ment and one clerk of class three, $5,200.
Mr. SUMNER. I inquire of the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations what is the
compensation of tbe chief clerk? I observe
that in his new draft he omits the specification
of it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is now fixed
at $2,200.
Mr. SUMNER. Why does the chairman
omit that specification in his new draft? All
the other chief clerks throughout the bill have
their pay specified.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No; it is the
contrary.
Mr. SUMNER. No; if the Senator will
look 
Mr. MORBILL, of Maine. It was not speci-
fied here, and the purpose was to increase it
where it is not specified. The pay of a chief
clerk where not specified is $2,000?
Mr. SUMNER. Then, do I understand the
Senator to propose to reduce it to $2,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Seuator
will see by the text of the bill that the com-
mittee propose to increase it $200, so us to
make it $2,200.
Mr. SUMNER. Where is that proposition ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. On the fourteenth
page of the bill.
Kir. SUMNER. What is the language?
Will the Senator be good enough to indi-
cate it ?
Mr. COLE. It is in line three hundred and
thirty.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
stateto the Senatorfrom Maine thatthe amend-
ment printed in italics in the bill was agreed to,
and then on motion of the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] was reconsidered and disa-
agreed to, and consequently those words are
now out of the puragruph as rend by the Sec-
retary.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suppose the
Senator from Massachusetts wishes to preserve
those words.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to preserve the
original report of the committee, $2,200.
Mr. MOUIULL, of Maine. Thecoinmittee
acted on this proposition. The committee
found that the estimates put the chief clerk at
$2,200, which was in harmony with the appro-
priation last year; but tbe House of Repre-
sentatives put it at $2,000 in this case, and
the committee amended the clause so as to
conform to the appropriation last year and to
the estimates of the Department for this year.
Mr. SUMNER. Do 1 understand that that
amendmentof thecoinmittee is preserved now?
Mr, MORRILL, of Maine. No, sir; it is
out by the action of the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to have a vote on
that taken.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator can
reserve that, I suppose, until we come into the
Mr. SUMNER. But is it not pending now?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is open to
amendment at the present time. Tbe Chair
will suggest to the Senator from Maine that
probably these words were stricken out on ac-
count ot a misunderstanding in the debate which
occurred at that time. The impression seemed
to be that the salary of chief clerks of Depart-
ments was $2,000; but on examining the bill
1 it was found that other chief clerks were in the
bill at $2,200. The recollection of the Sen-
ator from Ohio will perhaps confirm the Chair
in that respect.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am indifferent abont
it, whether these words are in or out. The
chief clerk will get his $2,200 whether it is so
stated in the bill or not. I see similar words are
in other places in the bill, and then again in
other places they are not, as for instance on
page 34.
Mr. SUMNER. As there is a qaestion on
tbis matter I think these words had better
go in.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not care.
Mr. SUMNER. Then there will be no ques-
tion about it. Let the clause stand as originally
i reported by the committee, $2,200.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is agree-
able to the committee, of course.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the clause will be regarded as so
. amended.
Mr. SHERMAN. I see that in some instances
the amount of the salary is fixed and in other
parts of the bill it is not; for instance, on page
34 the provision is " for compensation of the
, Secretary of the Interior, Assistant Secretary,
chief clerk, four clerks of class four," and so
on. stating the aggregate amount appropriated
i without mentioning the amount for each one.
, That was the old way, and I think it is the
11 better course.
(l Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The House of
11 Representatives have not been uniform in this
!j bill in that respect.
ii The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
