mo.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
45 i
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Independence of Cuba—Mr. Banks.
Ho. oi? Reps.
ported from Spain and from New YorictoCuba;
and contracts are said to have been made at
New York for the further delivery of munitions
of war to the amount of $700,000. _
General Prim asked the attention of the
Cortes to the significant movement of this
immense mass of men and munitions of war,
which would have tested, he said, the strength
of any Government, however peaceful or pow-
erful.
CUBAN FORCES.
The Cubans had at Yara, October 11, 18C8,
147 men ; 4,000 the 12th of October ; 9,700 in
November; and 12,000 in December. They
have now 10,000 well-armed men. There are
00,000 enrolled and dulled, but without arms.
They claim that with a supply of arms they can
put into the field one or two hundred thousand
fighting men—citizens, farmers, and emanci-
pated blacks—men of the country fighting for
its liberties.
MILITARY OPERATIONS.
These hostile forces have not forgotten the
objects for which they were organized. Prom
the declaration of Cuban independence at Yara
to this hour there has not been a week, scarcely
a day, which has not been marked in the cal-
endar of war by fierce and bloody contests.
No revolution presents a more constant and
determined struggle. Although the Cubans
were undisciplined and unaccustomed to the
use of arms, of which in the beginning they
had few or none, and their enemy was com-
posed of the best troops of the army and navy
of Spain, whose places in the military posts
of the island had been supplied by the resident
Spaniards organized as volunteers, the Cubans
nevertheless have been ready to meet their
foes in skirmish, combat, or battle, and have
shown themselves as brave in attack as defense.
A record of two hundred skirmishes, combats,
engagements, and battles, occurring from the
11th of October, 1868, to the defeat of Puello
and Goyeneche, which terminated the cam-
paign of December, 18G9, and January, 18<0,
give an honorable distinction to the struggle
of the Cubans for independence that would in
no wise discredit a people long accustomed to
self-government or trained to the use of arms.
It is unnecessary, for the purposes we have
in view, to speculate upon the advantages
gained by Spaniards or Cubans in these con-
stantly-repeated hostile encounters. The record
is presented as indisputable proof of the long-
continued existence of civil war in Cuba ; but
we recall the incidents of the campaign of
the past winter, in which, after exhaustive
preparations by the Spanish Government and
the most confident assurances of the speedy
termination of the war, her best generals,
Puello and Goyeneche, in a concerted cam-
paign under Vaimaseda, were both defeated,
the former with the loss of thirteen hundred
out of twenty-seven hundred men, as evidence
of the spirit and capacity of the Cubans for
successful war. The Spanish campaign in
Cuba has thus far failed, writes Mr. Sickles
from Madrid to the Secretary of State. " Their
great reliance is now on the gun-boats from
the United States." (Page GO.)
WHAT HAS BEEN THE RESULT ?
These conflicts have had various results, the
exact truth of which cannot be ascertained, nor
is it necessary for our purpose—which is to
consider tho present condition of the island as
to peace or war. The official reports of the
Spanish Government state'that 10,080 Cubans
have been killed in action, 9,118 wounded,
2,092 prisoners captured, and that 16,500 have
surrendered and received pardon, making a
total of 44,085 men lost to the Cuban cause.
These statements are doubtless greatly exag-
gerated.
An official report of the Captain General states
that the Spanish army lost 14,000 men in 1869
by disease and battle. (Page 109.)
Owing to imperfect communications the
Cubans have reported their principal actions
only. In the early part of the war the people
rallied for a fight, and separated^ when it was
over, leaving no means of estimating the losses
they might have sustained. It is not possible,
therefore, to give an exact estimate of their
loss in the numerous conflicts in which they
have been engaged; but it is not doubted that
it has been very'great.
Such warlike organizations, preparations,
conflicts, losses of men, and destruction of
property are wholly inconsistent with the idea
of "a mere civil commotion," as it has been
regarded by our Government, or "a domestic
disturbance," as it has been represented by
Spain. The facts, taken by themselves, and
still more when their inevitable consequences
are considered, are absolute proofs of pro-
tracted, barbarous, and bloody war.
IT IS REGARDED AS WAR BY SPAIN AND THE UNITED
STATES, ASD IS SO INTENDED BY CUBA.
The documents transmitted to the House of
Representatives recognize, on the part of the
Spanish, American, and Cuban Governments,
a condition of war. The Secretary of State
says, in a letter to the Spanish minister, April
17, 1809, that a portion of the people of Cuba
have been in arms against the Government of
Spain for more than sis months. (Page 80.)
The proclamation of the Captain General,
dated July 8, 18G9, declares that the war of
insurrection against Spain demands speedy and
exemplary punishment, and decrees tho pen-
alty of death upon those who may be captured
in arms.
A proclamation from the Cuban secretary
of State, May 4, 1869, published by the Span-
iards, declares that "from this time forward
all liberties are established in their widest sense,
subject, however, to the state of war in which
the public now is." (Page 05.)
The Spanish minister of State says, in reply
to the American minister at Madrid, 11th of
October, 18G9, that if they have not realized
their desire to mitigate the horrors of war, it is
owing to the conduct of their enemies, who
have so much contributed to prolong the insur-
rection ; but that mercy and humanity have
been generally recommended in the conduct
of the war.
The American consul general at Havana
informs the Secretary of State, June 4, 1869,
that the Spanish residents, dissatisfied with the
conduct of the war, are inclined to take the
management of affairs into their own hands.
"They contribute," he says, "largely to the
support of the war, by money and by service
as volunteers, and desire to see the war ended/'
'^Page 190.)
The American consul at Santiago de Cuba
informs the Secretary of State, June 19, 18G9,
that the Spanish Government applies the most
rigorous and barbarous laws, which have made
it a war of extermination, shocking to every
civilized nation. (Page 98.)
Count Vaimaseda issued a decree April 4,
18G9, which declares that there is no longer a
place for neutrality; that those who were not
for him were against him; and that his soldiers
! might know how to distinguish them, they were
called upon to observe the orders they them-
selves carried:
1. Every man, from the age of fifteen years
upward, found away from his habitation, who
does not prove a justified motive theiefor, will
be shot.
2. livery habitation unoccupied will be
burned by the troops.
3. Every habitation from which does not
float a white flag, as a signal that its occupants
desire peace, will bereduced to ashes. (Page 83.)
The Secretary of State, May 19, is instructed
by the President to protest, in the most forci-
ble manner, against such a mode of warfare,
and demands that persons having a right to
claim the protection of the United States shall
not be sacrificed or injured in the conduct of
hostilities upon this basis. In a note to the
American minister at Madrid, May 11, 18G9,
the Secretary of State protests against the
" infamous proclamation" of Vaimaseda, (page
84;) and he is instructed, (10th of August,
I860,) solemnly to protest, in the name of the
President, against carrying oil the war in Cuba
in this barbarous way. (Page 104.)
The American minister at Madrid reminded
the Spanish minister of State that this Govern-
ment had before remonstrated against certain
proclamations of the Captain General of Cuba
that threaten a mode of warfare at variance
with the recognized customs of civilized na-
tions ; and he protests with all solemnity, in
the name of the President of the United States,
against the deplorable excesses which have
thus far characterized the war in Cuba, and
insists, in the name of humanity, while hos-
tilities are prolonged, that the war shall bo
conducted in a manner more in accordance
with the humane and Christian sentiment of
the age. For nearly a year, he says, the insur-
gents have maintained themselves against all
the forces which Spain and the Catalan volun-
teers have been able to put into the field against
them. In the judgment of the President, in
which the whole civilized world will coincide,
the time has come, he says, when this struggle
should be carried on in a more humane way.
To shoot prisoners of war simply because they
are taken with arms in their hands is not in
accordance with the custom of the Christian
world. We have a right on our part to insist
that Spain shall carry on this war hereafter in
a manner more in accordance with the humane
and Christian sentiments of the age. (Pages
105 and 106.)
General Prim, at another time, said his col-
leagues did not realize the difficulties of car-
rying on a war in America. (Mr. Sickles to
Mr. Fish, 16th August, page 25.) It is also
known that Captain General Dulce sent two
commissions, under flag of truce, to Cespedes,
president and general-in-chief, to negotiate for
a cessation of hostilities; which commission
passed through the lines and held conference
with him. (Page 170.)
IT IS CALLED "CIVIL WAR" BY SPAIN AND THE UNITED
STATUS.
The Spanish minister said to Mi. Sickles,
12th August, 1869, that "in face of civil war"
it had been impossible to carry out the reforms
proposed in Cuba. (Page 20.) The correspond-
ence transmitted to the House states that the
President, June 29, 18G9, tendered the good
offices of the United States to the Government
at Madrid, for the purpose of bringing to a
close the "civil war" nowraging in the island
of Cuba. (Page 15.)
The term "civil war," the Secretary of State
says, was used advisedly in recognition of a
condition of the contest which could not much
longer justify withholding the rights of belliger-
ents from the revolutionary party. (Page 16.)
The Secretary of State, in a dispatch to the
Spanish minister, October 13, 18G9, says that
the "civil war" in Cuba has continued for a
year, battle after battle has been fought, thou-
sands of lives have been sacrificed, and the
result is still in suspense; and the minister is
reminded of the frequency with which, in the
interest of humanity, he has been obliged to
remonstrate against the atrocities and cruelties
which have attended the conflict in Cuba for
the last year. The principle of neutrality has
controlled the proceedings of the administra-
tion, he says, with regard to the war m Cuba;
but ho cannot admit the indefinite protraction
of a conflict such as has existed for the past
year in that island—a conflict marked with
cruelties, destruction, and devastation witliout
parallel in modern civilized warfare. (Page
137.)
