1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3359
objection the words "at $2,200 " will be put
in the bill. The Senator from Maine suggests
also that the words ''examiner of claims, at
$8,500," be transposed to come in after the
provision as to the chief clerk.
Mr. MOllRILL, of Maine. That will be bet-
ter and more in harmony.
The V1CEPRES1DENT. That change will
be made.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Now an amend-
ment is necessary to increase the aggregate
appropriations for the State Department, on
page 15, in consequence of the amendments
which have been made. In line three hundred
and thirty-seven the amount" $63,300'' should
bechanged to " $66,820." I move that amend-
ment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask now for action on
my amendment.
Mr. SAWYER. Will the Senator allow me
to offer an amendment authorized by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I suppose the amend-
ments of the Committee on Appropriations are
entitled to precedence.
Mr. SAWYER. On behalf of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations I move to insert after
line three hundred and ninety-five the follow-
ing clause:
And tho first proviso in the act of Congress entitled
"An act making appropriations to supply deficiencies
in the appropriations lor the service of the Govern-
ment for the fiscal year ending June 30,1869," and
for other purposes, approved March 3,1869, is hereby
repealed.
I will state briefly the object of this amend-
ment. It will be observed that the Senate, on
the recommendation of the Committee on Ap-
propriations, have stricken out in lines three
huudredand eighty-three and three hundred and
eighty-four, on the sixteenth page of the bill,
an appropriation for one superintendent of the
Treasury building, $2,500, and for one clerk
of class fonr and one clerk of class one. It is
thought proper to dispense with the superin-
tendent of the Treasury building and return
lo the old system of management of that build-
ing. The proviso alluded to in the amend-
ment which 1 have offered is a proviso that the
contingent expenses of all the bureaus in the
Treasury Department shall be certified to by
this superintendent. Of coarse if the super-
intendent is dispensed with the contingent ex-
penses of all the bureaus will hereafter pass
through the same channel *as before the ap-
pointment of that officer, and be subject to the
approval as before, by law, of the Secretary
of the Treasury.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER. I have one more amend-
ment from the Committee on Appropriations.
It is to strike out on page 21 the provision
made from lines five hundred and two to five
hundred and eight, for the office of the Comp-
troller of the Currency, and in lieu thereof to
insert:
For Comptroller of the Currency, 15,000; for deputy
comptroller, £2,500; ten clerks of class four, 818,000;
twelve clerks of class three, $19,200; eight clerks of
class two,$11,200; eight clerks of class one, $9,600;
twenty-four female clerks, #909 each, $21,600; four
messengers, two laborers, and two night watchmen,
lo,760; in all $92,860.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I have an amendment to pro-
pose from the Committee on Appropriations.
It is on page 61, to strike out lines twelve hun-
dred and forty-two, twelve hundred and forty-
three, twelvehundred and forty-four, and twelve
"Jfndred and forty-five, providing for the Bureau
of Navigation in the Navy Department, and in
lieu thereof to insert:
1^?r c{?ief of Bureau of Navigation, chief clerk, one
cierlt ot class three, one clerk of class two, and one
messenger and one laborer, $9,460.
_ Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is just as
it stands now.
, POME ROY. This amendment changes
'he clerks, but does not increase the amount
appropriated.
Mr. TRUMBULL. A clerk of class three
has more than a clerk of class two.
Mr. COLE. This amendment is placing the
clerks in a different class from that provided
in the bill, so as to conform to the provision
for the other bureaus. For some reason or
other, or by some oversight, their grade has
been reduced.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The amendment evi-
dently changes .the- amount, because a clerk of
class three has a larger salary than one of class
two.
Mr. COLE. I ask, then, that the amend-
ment be passed over until the matter can be
examined more fully.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be passed
over.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Now I call for action
on the amendment that I submitted some time
ago.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the Senator from Oregon will be read.
The amendment was read, being to insert
after line seven hundred and thirty-two, on
page 80:
Provided. That the Seoretarjr of the Treasury is
hereby authorized, whenever in his judgment ana in
the judgment of the Director of the Mint it is for the
interest of the United States to do so, to receive on
deposit at the Mint of the United States and the sev-
eral branohes thereof refined gold and silver bullion
suitable for coinage, and in payment thereof to de-
liver to the parties making such deposits unparted
bars at such rates and upon such terms and regula-
tions as shall be prescribed by the Director of the
Mint, subject to the approval of the Secretary of the
Treasury.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will state that this amend-
ment has been recommended by two Secretaries
of the Treasury, has been twice or three times
considered in the Committee on Finance, and
recommended by that committee, and has once
passed the Senate; and I suppose that ought to
be sufficient tocommend it to the consideration
of the Senate at this time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know
what is meant by an unparted bar.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will state briefly. When
dust, or, as it is sometimes called, bullion, is
taken to the Mint the depositor receives a cer-
tificate for the dust, stating the quantity and the
value. The dust is then assayed, by which assay
the base metals and the earthy matter ace taken
from the bullion, and it is melted into a bar
which contains gold and silver, aud that bar is
called an unparted bar, a bar in which the gold
aud the Bilver are melted and mixed together.
To refine that gold it is necessary to take the
bar and put it through a process necessary to
separate the gold from the silver, and by the
refining process the pure gold is delivered by
itself and the pure silver by itself.
This amendment simply provides that the
Secretary of the Treasury and the Director of.
the Mint, if in their judgment it be advisable,,
may cause this process of refining to be done
elsewhere than in the Mint, so that the Mint
will conduct its business altogether with refined
gold instead of unparted bars.
I can state briefly some reasons for this
amendment.
First, it will save the United States from a
considerable loss which necessarily occurs in
refining gold. When the unparted bar is taken
it is subjected to various processes, such as
granulation, washing, and drying, and other
processes of that description, by which more
or less of the gold escapes or is lost; and it
is also subject to be abstracted by the persons
who are employed in the Mint. If this busi-
ness of refining is performed by private estab-
lishments all this loss will be saved to the Uni-
ted States. Hundreds of thousands of dollars
can be -saved to the Government in this way.
After the dust is assayed the depositor is
paid in coin the value of the unparted bar.
Then it becomes the property of the United
States, and is put in with other bars that may
be procured from other persons, and melted,
and it is impossible to take an account of that
particular gold until the expiration of six
months or a year, when there is a "cleaning
up," as it is generally called, when all the
vats, carpeting, clothing, everything that can
absorb gold about the establishment, is taken
and burned up with a view of getting out the
gold. To saVe the United States all this trou-
ble is one object of this amendment.
Then, again, the commercial value of these
unparted bars is greater than their value for
coinage, and therefore they are exported from
the country. England, in her royal mint, re-
ceives only refined gold. There is no process
of refining in that establishment. That is abol-
ished, and the refining business in England is
altogether conducted by private establishments,
because it can be done at less expense, and the
business of the mint is confined entirely to coin-
age ; and that is what is contemplated by this
amendment.
Mr. HAMLIN. I wish the Senator from
Oregon would allow me to ask him a question
for information. I ask him if these unparted
bars are in a condition to enable the proper
officers at the Mint to determine the per cent,
of gold and silver in them ; or how they get at
the value?
Mr. WILLIAMS. They obtain the value by
an assay. When a bar is made, after it is
melted small pieces are cut off from each cor-
ner of the bar and assayed, and by that pro-
cess the value of the bar is ascertained, and the
man who deposits the dust is paid out of the
bullion fund for his bar. At this time two
thirds of the refining in San Francisco are done
by private establishments, because they are able
to do it much cheaper than the United States.
Mr. NYE. To whom is it cheaper?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Cheaper to the United
States.
Mr. PATTERSON. If the Senator from
Oregon will allow me, I will read some pas-
sages bearing directly on his argument from
testimony which was taken by the select Com-
mittee on Retrenchment in San Francisco last
fall on this particular subject. I propose to
read from the testimony of R. B. Swain, who
was for. some years superintendent of the
mint. I read from his examination by the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Thurman,] who I am
glad to see is to-day in his seat. Mr. Swain
having testified that the refining could be done
cheaper outside the mint, was then asked fur-
ther questions on the subject; and his testi-
mony is as follows:
"Question. What would be your mode of having it
done outside; by exchanging it?
"Annoer. By simply exchanging the crude bullion
for the same value of refined gold; and let it be done
simultaneously, so that there is no risk whatever to
the Government. In the mint they charge the de-
positor a certain eharge, from eight to eleven cents
an ounce, for refining; most of it is eleven cents an
ounce. The Government could make a contract with
the refinery here to do it at eight cents an ounce,
leaving a clear profit to the Government of three
cents an ounce, besides taking some patronage oat
of the mint that I think ought to be removed.
"Question. Would that lessen the number of em-
ployes in the mint?
"Answer. It would, and save one manipulation of
the precious metals in which there may be some loss."
**********
"Question. You think it would not only lessen
the number of employes, but also be some security
against losses that might occur in the manipulation ?
" Answer. Yes, sir; the less you work the precious
metals in the mint, in my opinion, and the simpler
you maketbe process, the better for tho Government,
so long as you can get outside parties who will do
the same work without any injury or danger or
expense."
I will say that every witness who was before
the committee took precisely the same ground.
Mr. NYE. Will the Senator from New
Hampshire tell me who the witnesses were?
Mr. PATTERSON. R. B. Swain, who had
been superintendent of the mint, was one;
William Ashburner, of San Francisco, was
another; James Heron, also a resident of San
Francisco and cashier of Wells, Fargo & Co.'s
express, was another.
Mr. NYE. And an owner in the refining
establishment.
Mr. PATTERSON. Very likely; and there-
fore well qualified to answer on this question.
