1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1471
Jnwfr. I wanted a West Point appointment; I
went to a gentleman whom I have known for twenty
icars, ami who has been in Washington a good ileal
of the time, anil told him I wanted an appointment.
yucshon. Give us the name of that gentleman.
An'irer. Henry S. Oleott. He said that ho would
u<c hi-5 influence to procure one for me. lie came
down here. 1 think, three times for that purpose,
ami liiially succeeded in getting one for mo from
South Carolina.
Queition. \\ as your son appointed?
.Usirrr. He was.
Question. What is his name?
Ansirfr. Thomas Dailcy.
Question, l'y whom a; as he appointed ?
,4/utrer. By Mr. Wiuttkmork. a member of Con-
^ Question. How much, if any, did you pay for tho
procurement of that appointment?
.-! nsicr. I paid Mr. Oleott—I do not recollect how
much—I think in the neighborhood of two thousand
dollars.
Qwstion. Did you know anybody else in connec-
tion with tho transaction except Mr. Oleott?
.-tn.vtfr. No, sir.
Question. Had you ever seen Mr. WThtttkmore ?
I had never seen him until after the ap-
pointment was made. Mr. Oleott represented to me
that this appointment was made through his influ-
ence, but that a portion of the money that came from
me went to a political fund that was being raised for
election and educational purposes.
(Question. He did not propose to get any of the
money himself?
Anntcer. Yes; Mr. Oleott did.
Question. That portion, then, did not go for educa-
tional purposes?
Anticer. I presume not. I did not ask him how
much he kept, or anything of tho kind.
Question. When did that transaction occur?
Anstcer. It occurred either in December, 1868, or
in January, 1869.
Question. Did you know anything of Mr. Brooks
in connection with the appointment?
Ansicer. I knew something of Mr. Brooks in con-
nection with it after the whole transaction was over;
not before.
Question. What Jid you know of his connection
with it afterward ?
Answer. After the appointment had been made
Mr. Oleott said that Mr. Brooks aided him in obtain-
ing the appointment; that is all.
Question. What is the business of this man Oleott ?
Ansicer. He was formerly employed in the War
Department in looking up frauds in Army and Navy
Department. I do not know what his position wa8
there. He was also connected with the press in some
way. I do not know with what papers. I think he
wrote for quite a number of papers.
Question. Do you know where he is now?
Answer. He is in Europe, I believe.
Question. When did he leave for Europe?
Answer. It was over two months ago.
Question. Do you know by whom he was employed
in the Army and Navy Department ?
Answer. No, sir. He went out of that business im-
mediately after the war. I wish to say in reference
to Mr. Whittemork, and you will of course take it for
whatever you think it is worth, that after the ap-
pointment had been made I proposed to give a present
to Mr. Whittemore, understanding -that what had
been previously paid was for political or educational
purposes; but Mr. Brooks told me I had better not
do it.
By Mr. Cobb;
Question. Mr. Brooks seemed to think it would not
do to offer Mr. Whittemobk any present ?
Answer. He gave me that reason. He said I had
better not. It was one of those things I had better
not do. The impression on my mind always has been
that Mr. Whittemobk never received any of this
money; and I may say, furthermore, that there seems
to have been a feeling particularly against my son
at West Point, ever since the appointment was made,
on the ground of his being a non-resident of the dis-
trict. It was some two months after he had passed
his first examination before I could get him into the
corps, and the difficulty seems to have followed bim
down to the present time, so that, were it not for the
feeling that I have had in this matter, I should have
allowed him to resign three months ago. There seems
to have been some influence atwork inregardto him
that I cannot explain. I consulted one of the most
distinguished lawyers of New York, as well as a gen-
eral in the Army, who told me that if my son went
to any point and acquired a residence an appoint-
ment from that district would be legal. He went to
bouth Carolina and remained several months; after
which an appointment was solicited, and he was ap-
pointed from that district.
Question. What distinguished general was it that
gave you that opinion ?
Answer. I do not wish to mention any names, as he
had nothing to do with this matter. It was General
Wonnelson, of the quartermaster's department.
By Mr. Mobgan :
Question. What was your son doing in South Caro-
lina
Answer. A part of the time he was in an assessor's
"liice and a part of the time pursuing his studies.
Quesiwii. Who got hiin his appointment in the
assessor's office ?
Answer. I do not know. I sent him down there.
there*'*0"' any fr'en(l3 or acquaintances
An/ncer. Yes; two or three.
Question, Who were they ?
Answer. I think Mr. Fillebrown, of Darlington,
got him his appointment in the assessor's office.
Question. Who was the tutor of your son in South
Carolina?
^insicer. A young man by the name of Landon.
Question. When did he become acquainted with
Mr. Landon ?
Aimcer. I advertised for a tutor, and that gentle-
man answered tho advertisement.
Question. Do you know where Mr. Landon is now?
Answer. I do not.
Question. Had he anything to do with this transac-
tion ?
An«irer. I never saw him in reference to it that I
know of.
Question. What is his name?
Ansicer. I think his name is D. Landon. Ho re-
plied to tho advertisement I had put in for a tutor.
Washington. D. C., February 19,1870.
Hon. B. P. Whittemork, member from South Caro-
lina, appeared beforo tho committee, and tho testi-
mony of General Schoepf and P. H. Kegler having
been read to him, he asked and obtained permission
to make astatement on his own behalf; which he did,
as follows:
With reference to the appointment to the naval
cadetship, Mr. Goss, who was my colleague in the
Fortieth Congress, came to me as long ago as Decem-
ber, 1868, and told me of the treatment whiqh he had
received at the hands of Mr. Wallace, who was a
claimant for his seat. He said that ho had made an
arrangement with Mr. Wallace that if Wallace would
step aside and not run against him he would give Mr.
Wallace's son the appointment to West Point. As
Mr. Goss's own son was not of sufficient age to enter
on the appointmenthe waswillingto wait, anticipat-
ing thathe should bein thoForty-FirstCongressand
would have an opportunity to appoint his own son
to the Naval Academy. Mr. Goss said, "Mr. Wal-
lace has run against me, and I have been defeated.
My son has been at school here in Washington, and I
have been at great expense in his education. I feel
considerably mortified at my defeat, and because,
furthermore, I shall not be able to send my son to the
Academy; and I wish you would appoint my son to
| that Academy." I said to him that I had not made
upmymindwithrefereneetomy appointmentsatall;
and that my first idea was, if I could find a poor boy
] who had sufficient education to warrant him in stand-
i ing an examination for the Military Academy at
I West Point to appoint him.
| Mr. Goss said so much to me that I finally told him
I would considerit. He finally came to me and said,
i "I will give you $500 for the appointment, and you
! may use the money for any purpose you please." I
i told him that I should not sell the appointment for
any consideration whatever. He said, "You are
doing a good deal in educational purposes there, in
building churches, &e. If you give my son the
appointment I will give you $500, to be used for edu-
I cational purposes or for any other purpose in the
j district that you please." I thanked him for that. I
i told him that he knew very well that the people in
my district were all very needy; that we had to keep
Jutting our hands in our pockets all the time ; that
knew that there was no poor boy in my district
that could take the appointment; and, furthermore,
that, as far as I knew the white people of my dis-
trict. there was not a boy, except the son of a dis-
loyal man who could possibly pass the examination,
and that as to the appointment of the son of adis-
loyal man I should not make it. I had suffered too
much during the war to do anything of the kind;
and I thought we had had disloyal men enough atWest
Point and the Naval Academy. Isaid that if I could
not find any boy in my district I should give the
appointment to the best boy I could find out of my
district. The matter stood there, so far as the affair
between Mr. Goss and myself was concerned. Up to
the time of his leaving Congress it was understood
between him and me that his son should have the
appointment.
In January, as Mr. Kegler says, I received a visit
from him, with the letter of introduction from Sen-
ator Sawyer; and, as he states, I told him (as any
gentleman would be likely to do under the same
circumstance) that I was sorry, but that the appoint-
ment was already promised, meaning tho promise to
Mr. Goss's son. He walked along with me up the
street. It was the first time that I ever saw him to
my knowledge, though I had heard of him as a
banker in Charleston. We separated. Nothing was
done about the Naval Academy appointment from
that time forward up to the close of the Fortieth
Congress. I wrote to Mr. Goss after he went home,
asking him to let me know if he still desirod the
appointment for his son, as I had not heard anything
more about it. He never replied to my letter. I
then made up my mind that I should seek to make
the appointment somewhere else, and I thought of
my old friend, Shaw, with whom I used to bo an i
employe, who had been always kind to me and had i
always treated me very courteously. I thought to ,
myself that I would give my friend Shaw an oppor- '
tunity to make an appointment if he pleased. I sat
down and filled out a blank appointment and sent
it to him, with thu statement that if he had any |
friend whom he wanted to appoint to that position !
he could do so, and that I would forward the ap-
pointment to the Navy Department. As to my say-
ing that from two to three thousand dollars was the
price of the appointment, that is not so. j
I returned home after the close of the first session |
of the Forty-First Congress, which, I think, was
about the middle of April. In the mean time I had
had conversations with a gentleman named Landon
relative to the appointment of a boy to the Naval
Academy. I told him that I did not know what I
should do about it: but that I should seek tho best
boy I could find. I was satisfied that I could not find
one in my own district who would pass the examina-
tion and do credit to the appointment. I went home,
borne time in May, 18ii9,Ithink.Ireceivcdthe letter
irom Mr. Kegler, and made the reply just as he
states, with the understanding, in my own mind,
that 1 did not regard him as of any importance what-
ever. On the contrary, there were many disreput-
; able things said of hitu in the State relative to his
failure there as a banker, and to the manner m
i which ho left tho State. I was under no obligations
to him ; he was not in my district. I made the state-
ment that I had been ofi'ored $500 for the position,
and that if the appointment was not made in iny
district I felt that it should be made good in my dis-
trict some way or other.
Tho conversation which I had with Mr. Landon
was this : I said that 1 had been offered £500 by Mr.
Goss to be used for educatijnal purposes in the dis-
trict. That understanding was left in that way.
Karly in the latter part of May, Mr. Landon wrote
to me that it I had not filled tho position he would
bring me a young man equal to the youngman whom
I had appointed to the West Point Academy, and
whom I regard as one of the best appointments that
| have been made thero. Mr. Landon came down with
this young man. I saw him. I did not like his
| appearance as well as I did that of the young man
j whom I had appointed to the West Point Academy.
I said I was afraid he was not of the right caliber.
! He said I was mistaken, thathe was a most excellent
! young man, and that he would do credit to the
appointment. Isaid that it was utterly impossible to
find any boy in my district, and that if I did not make
the appointment before J une I would lose it. Hence
I was anxious to make the appointment at once if I
made it at all, because I was notified by the Navy
Department that if I did not make the appointment
before June the Department would make tho appoint-
ment itself. I said, "Here are nay people, very poor;
they are at my door every hour, without food or rai-
ment. We have to putfood in theirmouths; wehave
to put our hands in our pockets continually to aid
them; we have to send to the North, to the West, and
to the East in behalf of those people. They are here
after my wife every day, and every hour of the day,
and almost everyhour of the night. Now, if you say
i that you are willing to give $500 for this appointment
rather than not have it, I will not accept it for the
appointment under any consideration whatever, (I
would rather not make the appointment at all.")
"But," said he, "if you will make the appointment
I I will give $500 toward the relief of those poor peo-
ple." " Well,"said I, "I do not know how I can do my
people any more good than in helping them to 8500
or to five dollars, which will aid their necessities
and relieve their poverty. However, I will not accept
anything at this time; but let your boy prepare him-
self; let him go to the Academy, and if he passes, and
if you then want tofulfillyourenagementwith refer-
ence to giving $500 to help the poor in my district,
you can do it." The boy went to the Academy and
passed, and I am happy to say that he occupies a good
position in his class.
Now, so far as the letter which Mr. Shaw wrote to
Mr. Kegler is concerned, I will say this: I was ex-
ceedingly annoyed with a letter which I had received
from Mr. Kegler. He does not make the full state-
ment to the committee in regard to that letter ; he
makes hisownsideofthecasegoocl. But, if the com-
mittee will permit me, 1 will read the letter.
[Mr. Whittemohe presented and read the letter
referred to, of which the following is a copy :
Astor House, September 8,1869.
Sir : A gentleman of public repute is extremely
anxious to get from me the letter I received from
you relative to the admission of my son to the Naval
Academy, and offers me $500 in exchange.
That there is some deep political or other action
intended against you is certain, and you can judge for
yourself how far the letter in question compromises
your honor and integrity as politician, minister, and
gentleman.
Before, however, handing it to the gentleman who
has applied to me, I shall await your answer, in case
you should have anything to propose as to its dispo-
sition.
Respectfully, yours, P. H. KEGLEB.
Hon. B. F. Whittemobk.]
The letter shows on tho face of it that if he was
annoyed, as he says ho was, at not receiving the ap-
pointment for his son, he was ready to putthe letter
out of the way if I should offer him a larger amount
or an equal amount. On the back of this letter of
his is the brief which I made of the letter written
by me to him :
" Ans. Octb. 21.
"Do not regard the matter but with the astonish-
ment it deserves. Do not understand why such a
value is attached to my letter. Nothing in it com-
promising my honor, &c.
" Ask him to return it, as I would, if a letter of mine
could be used to his hurt."
So far as his communications with Shaw are con-
cerned, that is a matter of which I know nothing.
I sent this letter of Kegler's to Mr. Shaw, together
with another letter which I received from him, in
which he says that he has met Mr. Shaw, and that
Mr. Shaw had promised him the appointment. If
Mr. Shaw made any statement to him with refer-
ence to the price of the appointment, he made it
entirely on his own account, and not on my account.
Mr. Slocum. Would you prefer to go on andmake
your statement as you are doing, or would you like
suggestions to be made to you by any member of the
committee as you go along?
