458
APPENDIX TO THE CONGKRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 7,
Ho. of Reps.
Independence of Cuba—Mr. Banks.
41st Cong...-.2d Sess.
The American minister writes to Mi-. Fish,
September 19, 1869, that he has been assured
by the president of the Cortes that among the
first subjects brought before that body will be
the cruel and vindictive manner in which the
war in Cuba is prosecuted. Captain General
Concha also expressed to him his abhorrence
of the treatment of prisoners of war and other
captives in Cuba. (Page 139.)
lie informs the Secretary of State that he
had expressed the hope that the Spanish Gov-
ernment had taken measures to prevent those
barbarous and cruel executions that had hith-
erto marked the progress of the war ; and that
the sufferers in these outrages were not Cuban
insurgents only, but Americans, and in many
instances persons entirely innocent of any par-
ticipation in the insurrection. He suggested
to General Prim that the adoption of the system
of cartel, and the treatment of prisoners accord-
ing to the rales of ordinary warfare, would at
once divest the war of its savage character.
(Page 145.)
The Spanish colonial minister informed the
Cortes, October 6, 1869, that the Government
would adopt necessary measures to cause the
suppression of the insurrection in Cuba to pro-
ceed in accordance with the forms of "regular
warfare." (Page 161.)
WHAT INTEltSST HAVK Till! UNITED STATES IN THIS
STRUGGLE ?
The immediate proximity of Cuba to the
United States gives to these grave events an
importance which cannot be fully appreciated
by any other State, European or American. The
Spanish Government seeks here the reenforce-
ment of its navy, its war supplies, the repair
of its war vessels, and through the public jour-
nals a defense for the harsh measures adopted
to maintain its sovereignty. The Cubans ap-
peal to our people for sympathy and support in
their unequal struggle for liberty and independ-
ence. The Cuban question becomes, therefore,
an American question, and the Government of
the United States is constantly compelled to
interfere in behalf of its citizens against the
unjust decrees of the authorities and people of
Spain, and for the protection of the lives of
innocent and unoffending Americans, as well aa
to excuse by argument the almost universal
sympathy which is felt and in part expressed
by the American people for the cause of liberty
in Cuba. Mr. Marios said to Mr. Sickles that
the welfare of Cuba "was more important to
the United Stales than to the mother country."
(Page 01.) We cannot recall all the cases in
which the intervention of this Government has
been demanded for the protection of American
citizens and American interests.
The consul general at Santiago de Cuba
informs the Secretary of State, >lune 19, 1869,
that a native of New Orleans and two natural-
ized American citizens, part of the expedition
of the steamer Perrit, taken prisoners at Ramon,
were publicly shot, without trial, at Santiago
de Cuba. (Page 97.)
Speakman, a native of Pennsylvania, a
perfectly innocent man, was cruelly murdered
"after the formality of a trial," the Secretary
of State says, "that amounted only to a farce."
Many others have been executed under circum-
stances of equal barbarity. The brutal butchery
of Greenwald, because he was thought to be
an American, and the treatment his dead body
received from the authorities at Havana, as well
as the attompted assassination of other Ameri-
can citizens who were his companions, is too
recent to require a detailed statement.
Ike consul geueral at Havana transmits to
the Assistant Secretary of State, August 21,
1869, an accountof therecent murderofprom-
inent citizens of Santiago de Cuba with their
friends and attendants, twenty in all, by order
it is stated, of a subordinate officer of the
Spanish army while being conveyed as polit-
ical prisoners to the headquarters of Count
Valmaseda, the commander-in-chief of the east-
ern department of the island. (Page 121.)
The officers of our Government report that
the treatment of the patriots by the Spaniards
applies both to Cubans and foreigners; but it
appears that their ferocity is chiefly felt by
Americans.
Admiral Hoff, who was sent by the Presi-
dent toCubawith avessel of war to investigate
the case of Speakman, reports that Great Brit-
ain's laws of citizenship had enabled her to
obtain from Spain the entire revocation of the
proclamation of the 24th March, 1869, which
fact seemed to be known and observed by the
Spaniards throughout the island, and gave
British subjects greater consideration when
captured or wrecked upon the Cuban coast.
(Page 103.)
The Secretary of State instructs the Amer-
ican minister at Madrid to call the attention
of the Spanish Government to the report of
Admiral Hoff,and to saythat"we shall expect
citizens of the United States to be treated with
as much consideration, and to enjoy as broad
rights as the citizens of any other country."
(Pago 104.)
The President stated in his late annual mes-
sage that a schooner of the United States had
been arrested on the high seas by a Spanish
frigate, and two passengers taken from it were
carried as prisoners to Cuba. The Govern-
ment protested against the act, and the men
were released. The Captain General of Cuba
subsequently (July 7) issued a proclamation
authorizing search of neutral vessels on the
high seas. After remonstrance by the Amer-
ican Government the proclamation was modi-
tied by limiting the Spanish cruisers to the
rights conferred by the treaty of 1795; and
after further remonstrance this proclamation
appears to have been withdrawn. (Message,
i8B9, p ige 8.)
Tlie_ Captain General, (Dulce,) 24th March,
1869, issued a proclamation declaring that all
vessels captured in Spanish waters, on the high
seas, or near to the island, having on board
men, arms, or effects that could in any manner
be used to promote the insurrection, should be
treated as pirates; aud all such persons, with-
out regard to their number, should be imme-
diately executed.
The Secretary of State, April 3, 1869, in-
formed the Spanish minister that the United
Slates claimed the right of carrying to the
enemies ot Spain, whether Spanish subjects,
or citizens of other countries, merchandise not
contraband of war, and articles contraband of
war, subject to the right only of capture by
Spain, and could not consent to the punish-
ment of any American citizen for the exercise
of this privilege, secured to him by the law of
nations and by treaties. (Page 75.)
The Captain General, Cabalero de Bodas,
upon this protest, issued a decree, July 7, in
substitution for that of March 21, and three
other decrees of prior date, substantially re-
affirming their provisions, and expressing the
hope that it would be satisfactory to the Gov-
ernment of the United States.
The Secretary of State informs the Spanish
minister, July 16, that this decree (7th July)
assumes powers and rights over the trade and
commerce of other peoples inconsistent with a
state of peace, and to which the United States
can only be expected to allow their vessels to
be subjected when Spain avows herself to be
iu a state of war, or shall be manifestly exer-
cising the rights conceded only to belligerents
in time of war, and the Spanish minister is
informed that the continuance of this decree
will be regarded by the United States as a
recognition by Spain of a state of war with
Cuba. Aud the Secretary of State desires to
know whether the "insurrection which the
United States have hitherto treated only as a
civil commotion within the dominions of Spain,
that did not give rise to what are understood
as belligerent rights on the part of either party
to the conflict," is regarded by Spain as a
state of war in which she claims the rights of
a belligerent.
In consequence of this demand, General de
Bodas modified the decree of the 7th of July,
by the suppression of the sixth article only,
relating to the search of neutral vessels on the
high seas; but the provision that individuals
suspected of being in the service of the insur-
rection who might be captured with arms,
■with the crews of their vessels, were to be
treated as pirates, is still retained and en-
forced. (Pages 113 and 114.) The Government
had before protested against the general pro-
visions of these decrees " in the interest of
civilization and humanity." The suppression
of the sixth article in nowise changed their
barbarous character.
Captain General Bodas, on the 28th of Sep-
tember, 1869, issued another decree, which
declares that if any person be found without a
passport on board a vessel about to start from
a Cuban port he should be liable to a fine of
$100, and the master of the vessel to a fine of
$200.
The Secretary of State informs the American
consul at Havana that the Government of the
United States cannot acquiesce in the applica-
tion of this decree to citizens of the United
States, especially to those who may be passen-
gers on board vessels which merely touch at
Havana on the way to some other port. The
application of the decree to passengers on
board the steamers which ply between New
York and New Orleans he says would be par-
ticularly offensive; and he instructs the con-
sul general with firmness and with courtesy
to protest against the indiscriminate execution
of that decree. (Page 154.)
This decree was modified 19th November
by merely limiting its application to passen
gers, whether or not Americans, embarking in
the-ports of the island. (Page 155.)
A proclamation of April 1,1869, by Captain
General Dulce, declares that all contracts for
the sale of every description of property, with-
out revision of Government, are null and void ;
and that all individuals, merchants, brokers,
presidents, and directors of corporations vio-
lating this decree would bo subject to punish-
ment, under the penal code of Spain.
The Secretary of State, 30th of April, de-
mands a modification of this decree, so that it
shall not be applicable to property of citizens of
the United States; but no modification appears
to have been accorded. (Pages 82and 83.)
More recently the American steamer Aspin-
wall was seized by a Spanish war vessel, on
the high seas, upon the suspicion that she had
arms and ammunition for the insurgents, in
direct violation of international law and treaty
stipulation. She had no contraband goods on
board, and was released after having been
taken to Havana ; but no reparation has yet
been made in answer to the demands of this
Government for the wrong done to our com-
merce and the national flag.
Reference has been made to but few of the
many harsh and cruel decrees issued by the
Government of Spain during the progress of
the war, yet they are sufficient to show the
character of the struggle and the direct in-
terest which the people of the United States,
at home and abroad, have in the grave issues
which are to be decided in Cuba. It is also
to be remembered that, notwithstanding the
constant protests of our Government, these
decrees stand substantially as they were issued;
and that they are executed, not according to
instructions of the Government of Madrid, but
in the ferocious spirit of the Catalan volun-
teers, without regard to the conclusions to
which the Spanish and American Governments
may arrive.
