5248
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
ment, a joint resolution (H. R. No. 183) direct-
ing the Commissioner ofthe General Land Office
to issue a patent to Stephen Marston, ofHart-
ford, State of Connecticut, conveying to the
said Marston the lands described in said reso-
lution.
The preamble of the joint resolution states
that Stephen Marston is in possession of a cer-
tain piece or parcel of land in fractional section
five, in township thirteen north, of range five
east, in Bay county, State of Michigan^ being
part of the middle ground in Saginaw river, in
the said State of Michigan, described as fol-
lows, to wit: comraencingat a point where the
north line of said section live intersects the east
bank of said middle ground, said point being
located forty-one chains and fourteen links east
of the northwest corner of section five ; run-
ning thence west on the township line seven
chains and fifty-seven links; thence south four
degrees and fifty minutes east (true meridian)
eighteen chains and twenty-nine links ; thence
east parallel with the township line seven chains
and fifty-seven links, to the river bank; thence
northerly along the meanderings of said river
to the place of beginning. Also a portion of
section thirty-two, in township fourteen north,
of range five east, lying immediately north of
and adjoining the above described land, de-
scribed as follows: commencing at the point
where the south line of said section thirty-two
intersects the east bank of said middle ground,
said point being located forty-one chains and
fourteen links east of the southwest corner of
said section thirty-two ; running thence west on
the township line seven chains and fifty-seven
links ; thence north two degrees and fifty-nine
minutes west (true meridian) three chains and
fifty-three links ; thence east parallel with town-
ship lino seven chains and fifty-seven links to
the river bank ; thence southerly with the mean-
derings of said river to the place of beginning,
containing in the two parcels of land above
described sixteen and fifty-one hundredths
acres, be the same more or less, and has im-
proved said lands by erecting, or causing to be
erected, thereon a saw-mill and other buildings
of great value, namely, ofthe value of $20,000;
and whereas said lands are in the Saginaw river,
in the said State of Michigan, and known as
middle ground; and whereas said Marston and
his grantors owned the land on the shore or
bank of said river opposite the said above-de-
scribed lands, and supposingand believing that
he was the legal owner of said lands, lie pro-
ceeded to make, or cause to be made, the said
improvements on said lands. The joint reso-
lution directs the Commissioner of the General
Land Office to issue to Stephen Marston, of
Hartfoid, Connecticut, a patent conveying to
said Marston the lands described in the fore-
going preamble, upon the payment into the
said land office, by said Marston, of the sum
of $100.
The amendment reported from the commit-
tee was to add to the joint resolution the fol-
lowing :
Provided, That nothing herein shall be construct!
to give said Marston title to said land, if any, west
of a lino drawn northerly and southerly through
said island, being the middle of the river.
-Mr. VAN WYCK. I should be glad if the
gentleman would state briefly the object and
necessity of this measure.
Mr. WINANS. I ask the Clerk to read the
report of the committee.
The report was read. It states that from
the papers the committee find the facts recited
in the preamble of the resolution to be true,
■and with an amendment in the form of a pro-
viso they respectfully recommend the passage
of the bill.
Mr. VAN WYCK. is that all of the report 'I
It states none of the foots.
Mr. WINANS. It appears from the papers
on file in this case that Mr. Marston bought
this land from persons in possession and ap-
parent ownership of it. It is an island or part
of an island in the Saginaw river. Ho went
upon the land and occupied it, making large
improvements at a considerable expense. But
it being supposed that some title may still
remain in the United States, by virtue of the
island being "middle ground," or in other
words in the middle of the river, it has been
deemed necessary to have the title confirmed
by an act of Congress.
I now yield for a moment to the gentleman
from Michigan, [Mr. Strickland,] who is more
familiar with the facts than I am.
Mr. STRICKLAND. Mr. Speaker, if the
House will givemeits attention for a moment,
I will state briefly the facts of this case.
Stephen Marston purchased this land of the
owner of the soil upon the bank of the river,
whom he supposed to be vested by the riparian
right with the title of this island in the middle
ofthe river. Under that supposition Marston
went to work and constructed a mill, investing
a large sum of money, some $20,000, in build-
ings and improvements. The land is what is
known as "made land," or what is sometimes
termed "middle ground." As the country has
been cleared up and the river has fallen away
somewhat, the sand has come near the surface;
upon this ground piles have been driven and
these improvements made. Upon inquiry it
has been found that the rule has been settled
by the Supreme Court of the United States
that the title to such land is vested in the Gov-
ernment. This land "has never been surveyed;
and therefore the rule which applies ordinarily
to islands cannot by possibility apply to this
ground. Upon application to the General
Land Office the party has been instructed that
the only possible method by which he can
obtain a title is to come here and secure the
passage of an act of Congress. Hence this
resolution has been offered. It proposes that
Marston shall pay something more than six
dollars per acre forthis water and sand, because
the water is slightly above the sand at nearly
all seasons of the year. But the refuse matter
from the mill has been thrown out until the
ground has the appearance of earth. The
ground to which this resolution proposes to
confirm the title embraces about sixteen acres
by actual survey. The committee propose that
Marston shall obtain a patent upon the pay-
ment of $100 for the sixteen acres.
Mr. WINANS. I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment reported by the
committee was agreed to.
The joint resolution, as amended, was or-
dered to be engrossed and read a third time ;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. WINANS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ARIZONA SURVEYING DISTRICT.
Mr. FITCH, from the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands, reported back a*bill (H. E. No. 686)
to make the Territory of Arizona a separate
surveying district, and to establish the office
of surveyor general therein.
The bill was read. It provides that the
Territory of Arizona is hereby created a sepa-
rate surveying district, and that the President,
by and with the consent of the Senate, shall
be, and hereby is, authorized to appoint a sur-
veyor general for the Territory, whose annual
salary shall be §3,000, and whose power, au-
thority, and duties shall be the same as those
provided by law for the surveyor general of
Oregon. He shall have proper allowances for
clerk-hire, office rent, and fuel, and he shall
locate his office from time to time at such places
as may be directed by the President of the
United States,
Mr. HOLM AN. I should like to have some
explanation of this matter.
Mr. FITCH. I ask the Clerk to read a let-
ter from the Commissioner of the General
Land Office on this subject.
The Clerk read as follows :
Department op the Interior,
General Land Oi'yice,
January 18,1870.
Sir: Referring to your letter of the 14th instant,
requesting an expression of my opinion as to the
necessity of constituting the Territory of Arizona a
separate surveying district, I have the honor to state
that it is my belief that such ameasuro would greatly
serve the interests of settlers in Arizona by giving
increased facilities for procuring surveys of lands
desirable for agricultural or grazing purposes, as a
surveyor general residing within the Territory and
giving undivided attention to the direction of sur-
veys therein could much better determine what por-
tions should befirstsuiyeytd as being the most desir-
able for settlement; also, that the measure would
stimulate the development of mineral resources by
aifording better provision for the survey of mining
claims with a view to Government patent under the
acts of Congress providing for the same.
Another consideration in favor of the proposed
separation is that, the office of the surveyor general
of California, under whose direction surveys in Ari-
zona arc now placcd by law, lsguite preoccupied with
business relative to surveys in California, and lor
this reason, as well as in consequence ofthe lemote-
ness of the dependent Territory, cannot afford thai
careful supervision of its surveys which is essential
from their importance to public interests.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant,
JOSEPH S. Y/IIiSON,
Curunnhsioiier.
Hon. '[no it as Fitch, }Iou?e of Representatives.
Mr. FITCH. I call for the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to a third
reading ; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. FITCH moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FORT DAKOTA MILITARY RESERVATION.
Mr. SMYTH, of Iowa, from the Committee on
the Public Lands, reported back a bill (H. K.
No. 569) to vacate the Fort Dakota military
reservation, in the Territory of Dakota, and for
other purposes, with the recommendation that
it do pass, with an amendment.
The bill was read. The first section pro-
vides that the military reservation at Fort
Dakota, in the county of Minnehaha, and Ter-
ritory of Dakota, be, and the same is thereby,
vacated ; and the lands embraced in said res-
ervation shall be subject to private entry under
the provisions of the preemption and home-
stead laws of the United States, except so
much thereof as may be embraced in sections
heretofore reserved for school purposes ; pro-
vided that nothing in the act shall be so con-
strued as to interfere with any rights which
may have accrued previous to the withdrawal
of said lands for the purposes of such reser-
vation. The second section provides that this
act shall take effect and be in force from and
after its passage and approval.
The amendment of the committee was read,
as follows:
At the end of the first section add as follows:
And provided also, That any improvements on said
reservation made by the military authorities prior
to its relinquishment by the Secretary of War shall
be appraised by the register and receiver of the land
office of the district in which said reservation is situ-
ated, and paid for by the purchaser of the lands on
which the same is located.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. I do not see any necessity
for the second section.
_ Mr. SMYTH, of Iowa. I demand the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill, as amended, was ordered
to a third reading; and it was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. SMYTH, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
