4304
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Juno 10,
tacky withhold that motion for a moment.until
I can have the question taken on the motion I
wade when the Senate was not so full, that
■when the Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to
meet on Monday next?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
PROPOSED ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. DRAKE. I ask that the question be
taken on that motion which I submitted some
time since, that when the Senate adjourns
to-day it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Missouri entered this motion some
time since, and the question is on the motion
thatwhenthe Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn
to meet on Monday next.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is debatable, I
believe.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am surprised that the
Senator from Missouri should make such a
motion, and persist in it, at this stage of the
session. We are meeting evenings, and I should
like to know what there is to carry us over to-
morrow ? If we are going to adjourn this Con-
gress on the 15th of July, a little more than four
weeks hence, we have probably not got thirty
working days left—I have not countcd them.
If we should adjourn over now, in my opinion
it would show an indisposition to attend to the
important measures of the session. 1 will not
stop to enumerate them ; but every Senator
knows that we have a number of very import-
ant measures before us. I hope the Senator
will not persist in his motion ; and if he does
1 trust the Semite will vote it down.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator from
Missouri will persist in his motion; and I say
it as one Senator who is in his seat always. 1
have not been away from my seat live minutes
during this whole session. This is the third
evening we have met this week; and meeting
day and evening three evenings in the week,
and then the two other days, it does seem to
me that on Saturday we should adjourn over.
I think it is not unreasonable that we should
have that day for attention to other matters.
If we are not able to get through with the busi-
ness on the Calendar, then we must extend the
period of the session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We cannot do that.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator says we can-
not do that. But let us act on each case when
it comes up. The question now is on adjourn
ing over until Monday, and I hope the Senate
will adjourn over.
Mr. MORTON. I submit that if we were to
adjourn over until Monday our action would
nor, be very consistent. After an afternoon's
work, to come up heie and work at night in
warm evenings, and then adjourn ovci two days
at a time, from Friday until Monday, is not
very reasonable, and it is not a good economy
of time. Now, sir, one afternoon's work from
twelve o'clock until five o'clock is worth more
and wo accomplish more business as a general
thing than we accomplish in three evening ses-
sions. Isnotthatso? J ust look over the record
of the work done in the evening sessions, and
you will find that you accomplish more in one
regular afternoon session than you do on three
evenings, coming here and spending a great
part ot the time as it has been spent this even-
ing. It seems to me that we ought to finish the
franking privilege bill this week. We ought
to go Oil with it to-night; bat if we do not, let ;
us go on with it to-morrow and finish it to- j
morrow. Then we shall have an opportunity !
on Monday to take up some other very import-
ant bill. These little bills on the regular Calen-
dar are'not very important at this stage of the
session, compared with many others that are
before us.
Mr. WILLEY. I agree with the Senator
from InJiana that we should be acting very
inconsistently iu pressing to a conclusion the
business of this session, sitting three nights iu
a week and then adjourning over all day on
Saturday, when, as he says, it is obvious that
we always do more business in day-time than
we do in the evening. But the Senate seem to
have got into a difficulty and cannot agree about
anything, and I wish to propose a compromise
to them. I think I may appeal to the Senate to
say that I have not been very troublesome at any
time. I have charge of a bill in which I feel a
good deal of interest, and in which I think the
country at large feels a good deal of interest.
It is the bill (H. R. No. 1714) to revise, con-
solidate, and amend the statutes relating to
patents and copyrights ; and I think if the Sen-
ate would give me to-morrow, we could just
about finish this bill.
I imagine there would be very little difficulty
about it except in reading it. It is in point of
fact the statutes as codified by the commission
appointed some time ago to codify the laws of
the United States, with certain amendments
adapting the laws on patents and copyrights to
the present condition of affairs. Although
there are a great many sections in the bill, it
will lead in point of fact to no particular diffi-
culty, and it is exceedingly desirable on the
part of a great many persons in the country that
this bill should be consummated into a law at
this session. We have now at the head of the
Patent Office an admirable Commissioner. I
am sorry to learn that he will not occupy that
position much longer. It is very desirable while
he is there to put the new law into operation,
and establish the new rules and regulations by
which that officeshallbe carried on henceforth.
Mr. FOWLER. I should like to know what
the question is before the Senate.
Mr. WILLEY A little of everything, I can
answer the Senator.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pending
question is the motion that when the Senate
adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
Mr. WILLEY. I desire to ask the Senator
from Tennessee, as he rose to interrupt my
interesting speech, whether he or I have
detained the Senate most frequently?
Mr. FOWLER. I think I have probably,
but not to-night.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion to adjourn over.
Mr. WILLEY. I thought that was with-
drawn.
Mr DRAKE. No, sir; not at all.
Mr. DAVIS. I will make a single remark
on that motion. When the motion was made
by the Senator from Missouri I was in favor
ot' it; but from the intimation that a course
of events may take place that will induce an
extension of the present session of Congress,
1 shall vote against all such motions from this
until the 15th of July.
Mr. THAYER. I do not wish to interpose
any objection against any bill or any course
which any Senator may desire to take; but I
desire to call the attention of the Senate to the
fact that we did go through with the Calendar
and close it up. That was my understanding.
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator allow the
vote to be taken on the question of adjourning
over? That is the question now.
Mr. DRAKE. That is the question now be-
fore the Senate, and I hope it will be acted upon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Mis-
souri, that when the Senate adjourns to-day it
adjourn to meet on Monday next.
The motion was not agreed to, there being,
on a division—ayes 17, noes 30.
order of business.
Mr. THAYER. I was about to say when
interrupted that we had, as I understood it,
closed the Calendar under the order under
which we then acted. It will be recollected that
when we supposed we had closed the printed
Calendar it was stated that there were some
dozen bills on the Calendar which had been
reported back but had not been placed on the
printed Calendar. It was suggested that we
dispose of those, and we did so. It was then
announced that the Calendar was concluded.
A few moments afterward I rose to call up a
bill to which objection had been made and
which had been laid aside infoi mally, and the
Chair informed me that it was too late; that
the order under which we had been working
had expired. Now, how we can go back and
commence again 
Mr. SUMNER. Will my friend allow me
to read the rule ?
Mr. THAYER. It is a new rule that we are
now working under.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will interrupt the debate at this point to ask
the Clerk to read the entry which was made at
the time we passed through the Calendar on
that order, which was on the 4th of May.
Mr. SUMNER. I hold the rule in my hand.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Clerk
will read the entry made of the proceedings of
the Senate.
TheCatEP Clerk. The record of the minutes
of the proceedings of the Senate on the 4th of
May shows that the Senate took up for con-
sideralion House bill No. 19-30, which was
passed over, and then resumed the consider-
ation of House bill No. 7S5, which had been
laid aside informally; and the entry opposite
that is, "Calendar exhausted."
Mr. SUMNER. And now for the rule adopted
May 19, 1870:
"And on Friday of each week, except the last Fri-
day of this month, the Calendar shall be proceeded
with by cunsideiing onty the bills and joint resolu-
tions to winch no objection may be made; and such
objection, if made, shall have the effect to pass the
bill or resolution over, and shall be enforced with-
out debate."
There is the rule, and that I ask to have
executed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Chair to decide
now what is in order, before anything further
is done.
Mr. THURMAN. Has the Chair decided
where we begin ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
has made a decision on that point.
Mr. THURMAN. Has there been an appeal
from that decision ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No appeal
has been taken.
Mr. THURMAN. Then why do we notpro-
ceed in accordance with the decision of the
Chair?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will remark that being instructed by the Clerk
that the Calendar had once been exhausted
and gone through with under the rule to con-
sider those cases which were not objected to,
the Chair decided that the Senate would pro-
ceed with the Calendar to-night where we left
off when the Calendar was last considered.
Mr. THURMAN. And there is no appeal
from that decision. Why, then, do we not pro-
ceed?
Mr. SUMNER. I must appeal from that
decision.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Massachusetts appeals from the decision
of the Chair.
Mr. SHERMAN. An appeal is not debata-
ble, and 1 insist on the enforcement of the
rule. If we arc to sit here let us enforce the
rules."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Massachusetts appeals from the decision
of the Chair.
Mr. SUMNER. That is, I ask that the rule,
which I hold in my hand, and is as follows,
shall be enforced:
"And on Friday of each week, except tho last
Friday of this month, [May,] the Calendar shall,bo
procpcded with by considering only the bills and joint
resolutions to which no objection may be made."
There is the rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will suggest that that rule does not state where
we shall begin.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well.
