1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
459
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Independence of Cuba—Mr. Banks.
Ho. of Reps.
The American consul general at Havana
recently received from the British naval offi-
cers the assurance of their protection, and the
offer of a file of marines to protect him when-
ever it became necessary to seek his safety ou
board a British man-of-war. And, still later,
the American vice consul at Santiago do Cuba
was called to account for dispatches sent to his
Government, and published by the order of
Congress, by the unauthorized and irrespons-
ible volunteers who govern Cuba ; and, under
the advice of the Spanish governor, who was
unable to protect him, sought his safety from
personal violence by taking refuge on board
a French frigate, under the protection of French
naval officers.
PROBABLE ACTIOS OF SPAIN' CUBA.
Adhering strictly to the traditional policy
of this Government, it has been the wish of
the people to avoid any participation in this
contest; nevertheless it should be said that
their sympathy for the Cubans and their prayers
for their success are well-nigh universal. They
have cherished confident hopes that the neces-
sities of the case and the justice of their cause
would lead the Spanish nation to concede to
the Cuban people the liberties they had, by
revolution, secured for themselves. This, we
are assured, has been the wish of some of the
prominent leaders of the late revolution, and
is still the hope of the liberal party and press
of Spain, as it is of other European States.
The popular organ of the volunteers in Ha-
vana is the Voz de Cuba,. That paper informed
its readers, 20th September, 1809, that not
alone the newspapers of the United States,
the London Times, La Patrie of Paris, or the
republican journals of Madrid, urge the sep-
aration of Cuba from Spain, but that thoroughly
Spanish and conservative publications of high
standing, which exercise great influence over
public opinion, now counsel Spain to the ces-
sion of the island ; such as the Diario de Bar-
celona, which, from its age, its influence, Us
moderation, and practical good sense, is read
with interest in all the Catalan provinces and
inforeign States, which lately marlet,he follow-
ing declaration : "In our judgment, no other
resource remains to us but to open negotia-
tions with the United States for the cession to
them of our Antilles." (Plumb to Mr. Fish,
21st September, 1869, page 144.)
The Cubans informed Captain General Dulce,
the most liberal of the Spanish officers, early in
1869, that if he would concede the independ-
ence of the island, they would unite cordially
with the Spaniards in its self-government. But
separation from the mother country was re-
fused ; and the Cubans, not having faith in the
power of Spain to establish the reforms prom-
ised them, rejected its proposals, (page 92.)
The colonial minister declared to the Cortes,
October 6, 186S, their determination to sacri-
fice the last man, the last cent, and the last
cartridge sooner than to suffer detriment ;n
relation to the integrity of the Spanish terri-
tory. (Page 101.)
By the project of reform for Porto Rico,
read to the Cortes November 25, 1869, all dis-
cussions that tend to promulgate ideas touch-
ing a separation of the island from the mother
country, or designed to impair the integrity of
the Spanish territory, and all discussion in
regard to slavery, so long as it shall continue
to exist, is prohibited. (Page 162.)
The Spanish minister of State said to Mr.
Sickles, October 8. 1869, that Spain did not
and eould not see in Cuba the sentiment and
capacity of independence; and therefore, if
she should consent to a separation from that
rich and ancient colony, she would not have
the consolation of giving existence to a new
nation, but the remorse of leaving a people
of her own language and race to miserably
perish and disappear. Spain could not admit
that the majority of Cubans incline to sepa-
ration from the mother country ; but that a
turbulent and blind minority, excited andaided
by filibusters and pirates, aspire to overcome
thegeneral will of their countrymen; and this
was the sole cause of the discord they deplored.
(Page 156.) There is therefore no reasonable
hope of permanent peace from the voluntary
action of the Spanish ministry.
It is represented, on the other hand, that the
entire Cuban people, without respect to age,
rank, color, or condition, are for independ-
ence, urged thereto by a long-continued and
unexampled oppression ; that they are fully
determined to sacrifice their lives rather than
live under the tyranny of Spain; and that,
should the war be prolonged, the dominion
of Spain must cease or the entire property of
the island be destroyed.
The President has informed Congress that
in order to put a stop to bloodshed in Cuba he
had proposed the good offices of this Govern-
ment to bring the contest to a termination,
but that the offer was withdrawn bccause Spam
would not agree to any basis that he believed
could be accepted by Cuba. (Message, 1869,
page 8.)
It is apparent, thex-efore, that a contest so
barbarous in itself, already so long in dura-
tion and imperiling our national interests in
so many ways, is not likely to be terminated
by the voluntary act of Spain, by Cuba, or by
the friendly intervention of the United States.
Looking, therefore, to continued force alone
for a solution of the war, it becomes us to
inquire
1VHAT IS TUB POWER OP SPAIX IX CUBA ?
This pregnant question has already chal-
lenged the attention of the Administration.
The Assistant Secretary of State informed the
consul general at Havana that they had been
informed from Madrid that measures had al-
ready been taken to disarm the volunteers;
that General do Kodas had engaged at all haz-
ards to stop the scandalous execution of cap-
tives and other barbarous cruelties ; but they
received at the same time information from
Cuba that Valmaseda, the atrocious perpetra-
tor of the worst of the cruelties, had received
promotion for his services from the Govern-
ment of Spain. The Administration is also
informed from Madrid that the Government
will declare the immediate abolition of slavery;
while the general tenor of information from
Cuba is the other way, and that it was of great
importance that the Government of the Uni-
ted States should know how far the news
from Madrid can be depended on. (Page 146.)
The American consul general at Havana,
October 21, 1809, answers that inquiry. The
disarmament of the volunteers, he says, what-
ever may be the desire of Spain, is at present
impracticable; and there are many reasons for
the belief that no time will arrive while Cuba
is connected with Spain when such a measure
will be practicable. The organization of vol-
unteers appears now to be a permanent power
in the island. It was owing to its presence in
the early part of 1869, and after, that the island
had been saved to the mother country. It now
numbers upward of forty thousand men, well
organized, armed, and equipped, and is con-
siderably accustomed to the exercise of arms.
It holds all the ports and towns. The rcen-
forcements sent from Spain were made, in
great part, by loans and contributions of the
volunteers. He does not doubt the good in-
tentions of General de llodas; bnt the circum-
stances with which he has to deal are stronger
than his power to overcome them. (Pages 147
and 148.) The cessation of hostilities, he
says, looking to any other end than the sub-
mission of the insurgents, would be scouted.
And as to the immediate abolition of slavery,
he does not find any expression of belief in
official quarters that it would be practicable.
(Page 148.)
The consul at Matanzas informed this Gov-
ernment, June 19,1869, that the island was in
complete anarchy. The Catalan volunteers do
not allow Spanish rulers to administer justice.
The governor of Matanzas informed him, when
applied to for aid in the case of Speakman,
that he was without power, and had been com-
pelled to seek his own safety by appeasing the
wrath of the volunteers, and that his command-
ing officer was then a fugitive on board a Span-
ish man-of-war. (Pages 97, 98.)
Admiral Hoff, sentby the President to invest-
igate the cases of Speakman and Wyeth,
reported to the Government that these Ameri-
can citizens were cruelly murdered, owing
entirely to the weakness of the Spanish officials
in yielding to the demands of the Catalan vol-
unteers and in misconstruing or acting upon
the cruel decree of the 24th of March, 1869.
In this view the President concurred.
The American consul at Santiago de Cuba
says he has been informed by the officers of
the Spanish Government that, owing to the
active measures which he (the consul) had
taken in behalf of bis countrymen, and to pre-
vent their making any declaration, it is their
determination in future to shoot all American
prisoners immediately on the spot. (Page 102.)
"While I am willing to admit," says the
American consul at Matanzas, February 7,
1870, "that the Americans are as well pro-
tected as any other class of residents, still, in
a state of affairs bordering on anarchy, there
can be little safety or security of any kind."
(Ex. Doc. 140, page 2.)
The Secretary of State says to the American
minister at Madrid, September 1, 1809, "An-
archy prevails over much of the island. Mur-
ders of American citizens are committed by
volunteers, and confiscation of their property
is attempted by Spanish authorities."
The American minister says to the Spanish
minister of state, " The unprovoked injuries
to American citizens become more and more
frequent and fatal within the Spanish lines as
the contest is prolonged." (Sickles to Ber-
eerra, page 34.)
"It is impracticable to ascertain the will of
the Cubans by a vote," says the Secretary of
State to the American minister at Madrid,
August 16, 1869, " because of the disorganiza-
tion of society, the terrorism that prevails,
and the violence and insubordination of the
volunteers." (Page 25.)
" Spain desires to terminate civil war,' says
Mi-. Sickles to Mr. Fish, " and will agree to
armistice, if necessary to peace ; but the meas-
ure must be left to the discretion of the Cap-
tain General." (Page 41.) That is to say, it
must be with the consent of the volunteers.
" It is notorious," says the American min-
ister to Mr. Bereerra, "that these^ irregular
troops have sometimes set at defiance the
authority of their Government, and the orders
of their superior officers when the measures
of Government have failed to satisfy their vin-
dictive demands." (Sickles to Bereerra, page
34, 3d September, 1869.)
The Secretary of State says to the Ameri-
can minister at Madrid, July 29. 1869, "We
want to arrest the destruction of life and prop-
erty, and to stop the outrages and annoyances
to our citizens." (Page 31.) "The Spanish
authorities in Cuba," he says again, July 29,
"are impotent for protection of the lives of
our citizens." (Page 18.)
T1IE VOLUNTEERS.
The Spanish volunteers, the authors of the
atrocities of the war, who thus appear to be
masters of the island, number forty thousand
men. The Spanish troops are inferior in num-
bers and generally fraternize with them. The
volunteers are supported in their policy by
national clubs and committees, representing
Spaniards of wealth and influence; and to
these it is now proposed to add a volunteer
