1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5249
utah land district.
Mr. SMYTH, of Iowa, from the same com-
mittee, reported back a bill (H. R. No. 1810) to
create an additional land district in the Terri-
tory of Utah, with the recommendation that it
do pass.
The bill was read. The first section provides
that all that portion of the Territory of Utah
within the following-described limits, to wit:
commencing at the northern boundary of the
Territory, at the intersection of the one hun-'
dred and eleventh id eridian west of Greenwich,
and running south with said meridian to the
corner common to townships three and four
north ; thence west with the line dividing town-
ships three and four north to the western
boundary of the Territory; thence north with
said boundary line to the northern boundary
of the Territory; thence east with said bound-
ary to the place of beginning, shall constitute
an additional land district to be called Corinne
district, the office for which shall be located at
Corinne ; and the Secretary of the Interior shall
be authorized hereafter, from time to time, as
circumstances may require,to adjust the bound-
aries of any and all land districts in said Terri-
tory, and change the location of the land offices
when the same shall be expedient. The sec-
ond section provides that the President is
thereby auihorized to appoint, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, or during
the recess thereof, and until the end of the
next ensuing session, a register and receiver
for said land district, who shall be required to
reside p.t the site of the office ; shall be subject
to the same laws and responsibilities, and whose
compensation and fees shall be respectively
the same per annum as are now allowed by law
to other land offices in said Territory; and
sufficient to carry into effect the provisions of
the act is thereby appropriated out of any
moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. I ask the gentle-
man to yield to me for the purpose of moving
an amendment to this biii.
Mr. SMYTH, of Iowa. I understand this
bill will give rise to debate, and I withdraw it
for the present.
bartholomew cousin.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri, from the
Committee on the Public Lands, reported a
bill (H. R. No. 2372) for the relief of cer-
tain purchasers of land from the legal repre-
sentatives of Bartholomew Cousin, deceased,
and for other purposes ; which was read a first
and second time.
The bill was read.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask for the reading of
the report.
The report was read.
Mr. HOLMAN. I now call for the second
reading of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The bill has been read
twice. The gentleman from Indiana has the
right to call for the third reading.
The question was put on ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time.
I call for the reading of
Mr. HOLMAN.
the bill.
Mr. ARNELL.
the engrossed bill.
The SPEAKER
I call for the reading of
xuo ua Unless the rules are sus-
pended, the call for the third reading of the
engrossed bill will require it to go to the Speak-
er's table.
Mr. JULIAN. There is no reason for this
opposition ; it is merely to consume time.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I move to
suspend the rules on the passage of the bill.
On the motion to suspend the rules, there
were—ayes 89, noes 21; no quorum-voting.
The Speaker, under the rule, ordered tellers;
and Mr. Aiikeli,_ and Mr. McCobmick of Mis-
souri, were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes ninety-two, noes not counted.
41st Oong. 2d Sess.—No. 329.
Mr. ARNELL. I -syitlidraw the demand for
further count.
The SPEAKER. No further count being
demanded, and two thirds having voted affirm-
atively, the rules are suspended, and the bill
is passed.
Mr. ELA. Mr. Speaker,- when the gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Arnell] withdrew
the demand for further count, I rose to insist
that further count should be made.
The SPEAKER. Ifthe gentleman from New
Hampshire insists on further count, and states
that he rose in time, the tellers will resume
their places.
Mr. ELA. I do insist.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 116, noes 1.
So (two thirds having voted in the affirm-
ative) the rules were suspended, and the bill
was pased.
Mr. JULIAN. I move that the report
accompanying the bill be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired.
port of delivery at dutotii, minnesota.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to state
to the House that at the close of the morning
hour on Thursday last there was a bill pending,
reported by the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Finkelnburg] from the Committee of Claims,
(S. No. 875) to create a port of delivery at Du-
luth, Minnesota, which came over until to-day.
The Clerk did not remind the Chair of this
bill until the Committee on the Public Lands
had been called. If objection is made it will
have to go over unless the rules are suspended.
There was no objection, and the House re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 875)
to create a port of delivery at Duiuth, Minne-
sota.
The bill was read. It provides that Duiuth,
in the State of Minnesota, shall be, and is here-
by, constituted a port of delivery, within the
collection district of New Orleans, and there
shall be appointed a surveyor of customs, to
reside atsaid port, who shall perform the duties
and receive the compensation and emoluments
prescribed in the act of Congress approved
March 2, 1831, being "An act allowing the
duties on foreign merchandise imported into
Pittsburg, Wheeling, Cincinnati, Louisville,
St. Louis, Nashville, and Natchez, to be secured
and paid at those places."
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Michigan [Mr. Conger] for an
amendment.
Mr. CONGER. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Strike out the words "New Orleans" and insert the
word "Superior."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be read
a third time ; and it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed,
Mr. FINKELNBURG moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
heirs of jethro wood.
Mr. MYERS. I move to suspend the rules,
to discharge the Committee of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar from the further con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 2360) for the
relief of the heirs of Jethro Wood, the inventor
of the modern plow; and that it be taken up
and passed. I will simply remind the House
that on Saturday, on the point of order being
raised, the bill was referred to the Committee
of the Whole House on the Private Calendar.
I desire to have the rules suspended in order
to have the bill taken from the table and put
upon its passage.
The bill was read. The preamble of the bill
recites that Jethro Wood, of Cayuga county,
New York, was the inventor of the cast-iron
plow now universally used in this country, but
died in poverty after devoting his fortune and
his life to the introduction of his art; and that
few men have conferred a greater benefit on
mankind than he did by the invention and prac-
tical application of this improvement. The bill
directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to
Phoebe Wood and Sylvia Ann Wood, daughters
of Jethro Wood, deceased, in trust for the heirs
of said Jethro Wood, the sum of $25,000, out
of any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated.
Mr. CONGER. Would it be in order to
move an amendment to that bill ?
The SPEAKER. It would not, on this
motion.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
33, noes 24.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask for the yeas §,pd
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and there were—
yeas 109, nays 53 ; not voting 67 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Amos, Armstrong. Arnell, Axtell,
Ayer.Bailey, Bennett, Benton, Biggs. Bingh am. Blair,
Booker, George M. Brooks. James Brooks, Back ley,
Burr, Benjamin i-'. Butler, Roderick R. Bailer,Cake,
Calkin, Co«sna, Churchill, Sidney Ciarke, Coburn,
Conner, Cox, Davis, Dickey, Dickinson, Donley, Dox,
Dyer, Ela, Eldridge, Ferriss, Kerry. Fitch, Fox, Getz,
Gilfillan,Griswold. Hale.IIamill, Harris, Hi] 1, Hoar,
1-Iolman, Hooper, Jenekes, Johnson, Thomas L.Jones.
Kelley, Kerr, Lash, Logan, Marshall, MayiVam,
Maynard, MeCormick, McKee, MeKenzie, McNeely,
Morgan, Morphis, Daniel J.Morrell, Mungen, Myers,
Negley, Niblack, O'Neill, Orth, Packard, JPalmer,
Peek, Poland, Potter, Pressor, Reeves, Riee,Schei;eb,
Schumaker, Siiauks, Porter Sheldon, Sherrod, blo-
cum, J ohn A. Smith, Joseph S. Smith, Starkweather,
Stevens, Stevenson, Stiles, Stokes, Swann, Tait'e,
Tillman, Town-end, Trimble, Tyner, Van_ Auken,
Van Horn, Van Vv'yei;, Voorboes, WaHoee, Wheeler,
Eugene M. "Wilson, John T. Wilson, Winans, Win-
chester, and Wood—103.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ambler, Archer,
Asper.Atwood, Barry, Beatty, Benjamin, Bird, Boles,
Buffinton, Burchard, Amasa Cobb, Conger, Crebs,
Dawes. Degener, Finkelnburg, Hawkins, Hawley,
Hay, Hellin, Judd, Lawrence, Lewis, Loughridge,
McCarthy, McOrary, MeGrew, Mercur, William
Moore, Paine, Phelps, Pouieroy, Randall, Rogers,
Sargent, Sawyei, Scofield, Lionel A. Sheldon, Wil-
liam J. Smith. Worthmgton C. Smith, William
Smyth, Strickland, Sweeney, Taylor, Upson, Ward,
Welker, Wells, "Wlntmore, and Woodward—53.
NOT VOTING —Messrs. Banks. Bmum. Boa-
tman, Bock, Bowen, Boyd, Buck, Burdctt, Willinm
T. Clark, Cleveland, Clinton L. Cobb, Cook, Covode,
Cowles, Culloui,Dixon, Dockeiy, Duval, Parnsworth,
Fisher, Garfie'd, Gib&on, Hniglit, Haldelttan. ilam-
bleton, Hamilton, Hays, Hoge, Ilotehkiss, Inger-
soll, Alexander H. Jones, Julian, Kellogg, Kelsey,
Ketcliarn, ICnapp, Knott, Laflin, Lynch, Mihies,
Eliakim H. Moore. Jesse H. Moore, Samuel P. Mor-
rill, Morrissey, Newsham, Packer, Perce, Peters,
Piatt, Porter, Ridgway, Roots, Sanford, Shober,
Stone, Stoughton. Strader, Strong, Tanner, Twieh-
ell, Van Trump, CadwaladerC. Washburn, William
B. Washburn, Wilkinson, Willard, Williams, and
Witeher—67.
So the rules were suspended, and the bill
was passed.
Mr. MYERS obtained leave to have printed
some remarks on the bill just passed. [See-
Appendix.]
springer's voting apparatus.
Mr. EERRY. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I submit the following report from the
Committee on the Rules:
The Committee on the Rules, to whom was re-
ferred a resolution instructing them to inquire
whether some improved mode of taking the yeas
and nays in the House may not be devised and
adopted, having had the subject under considera-
tion,and having examined Mr. Springer's invention
for recording and counting the votes of legislative
bodies, a model of which has been on exhibition in
the Speaker's room, and believing that a great sav-
ing of time would bo effected by its adoption, and
desiring to test the practical utility of the proposed
system, recommend the adoption of the following
resolutions, namely:
Resolved, That tlio Clerk of tlie House of Repre-
sentatives be authorized and directed to cause, dur-
ing the approaching vacation, the legislative voting ,
apparatus invented by William M. Springer to be
put into the Hall of the House, together with all the
improvements pertaining thereto, and such as may
be recommended by the Committee on the Rules.
Resolved, That tlio work bo done under the super-
intendence of the architect of the Capitol extension,
and the expenses thereof be paid out of the contin-
gent fund of the House, but not to exceed the sum
of $10,000.
Mr. DAWES. The expenses cannot be paid
