1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
181
inquiry and all its details into the hands of the
Superintendent of the Oeesus to determine for
himself. Bat when the census-taker goes to
the people and -shows the law whereby the
national Legislature af the country requires
them to answer certain questions, under pains
and penalties, Jie can do so without offense;
but should he do so merely because some other
individual, holding .office, it is true, has chosen
to direct him to put such questions to the peo-
ple, it will, it seems to me, make the business
of the census-taker very odious.
Suppose that we should happen to make an
unfortunate selection of a Superintendent of
the Census; suppose he should be a man who
has hobbies of his own to ride, who has crotch-
ets in his head upon different subjects; he
might thwart the object of the census by seek-
ing to accomplish his own peculiar notions.
Even should be be a man without any such
bobbies and crotchets, the moment we should
clothe him with the power here proposed he
would be beset by all the interests in the United
States; every local or special interest would
demand to be specially provided for in the
schedule. But should this bill as it now stands
become a law he could at once answer thein by
saying, " The law requires me to do this, and
this only." My theory is not that there will be
too little required under this bill. My only fear
now is that we have already put too much into
the schedules. And if you open the door and
put in a man as Superintendent of the Census
with the sweeping power here proposed by the
gentleman from Rhode Island [Wu\ Jenckes]
I should be compelled from the very start to
regard the coming census as a failure.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. PAINE. I move to amend tho amend-
ment of the gentleman from llhode Island [Mr.
Jns<jKEs]by strikingoutthclastword. I make
this motion for the purpose of stating to the
committee that the gentleman's amendment, so
far at least as regards the first five schedules,
proceeds upon an entire mistake as to the pro-
visions of this bill. Strike out these five sched-
ules and how stands the bill? The gentleman
says that these schedules are merely the means
by which the Superintendent of the Census is
required to obtain this information. Ho says
that we require him by the bill to obtain certain
information, and then lay down these schedules
as the means by which he shall obtain it. On
the contrary, I say that in these schedules alone
do wo lay down the information that is to be
obtained on the points therein specified. The
schedules do not merely furnish the means for
obtaining the information, but they say what
information shall be obtained; and nowhere
else in this bill is there any provision for the
kind of information that shall be obtained on
these subjects. These are subjects on which
the enumerators are to obtain information ; and
itis in these schedules, and nowhere else in this
bill, that they find what information they are to
call for. If, then, we strike out these schedules
we must entirely remodel this bill; we must indi-
cate by other provisions cxactly what informa-
tion the census-takers—whether the Superin-
tendent of the Census, the district superintend-
ents, or the enumerators—shall obtain on these
subjects; and we must leave the Superintend-
ent to provide the means of obtaining such
information. But even then we must, if we are
wise, indicate precisely the same subjects that
are contained in the schedules.
The gentleman is mistaken when he assumes
that these schedules furnish merely the means
for obtaining the information. They indicate
t he information to be obtained. Tt seems to
rae that upon the subjects embraced in these
five schedules, if upon any subject, we ought
to indicate what the inquiries shall be, and that
is the main purpose and object of the sched-
ules themselves. Having indicated those sub-
jects, the schedules do little more. The enum-
erators are required to leave copies of the
schedules with the heads of families, and the
mode in which the schedules shall be filled up
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 11.
is pointed out. But strike these schedules from
the bill, and you leave this subject all at sea.
As the chairman of the sub-committee [Mr.
Garfield, of Ohio] has said, you make vir-
tually no provision on these_ subjects for taking
any census at all, and provide in effect that an
officer, of whose qualifications for taking the
census you now know nothing, shall in his dis-
cretion decide not only as to the means by
which he shall obtain the required information,
but also the character and extentof the inform-
ation itself.
Mr. JENCKES. The objection 'of the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] is simply
one of detail; it can be obviated by a line, and
therefore I will not take up time in answering
him.
Mr. PAINE. I wish the gentleman would
state the line which would obviate the objection.
Mr. JENCIvES. The objection-of the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] is aimed at
principle, and it is that which I wish to Settle.
The details for carrying out the measure can
easily be arranged. Tho gentleman from Ohio
makes the point that we do not know who this
officer is to be. Sir, I take it for granted that
he is to be a competent person. Unless that
be assumed I have no argument to make on
this question.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. _ Why not incor-
porate your civil service bill in this measure
before you take that for granted ?
Mr. JENCKES. That matter is not within
the scope of this bill. If it wore I would have
something to say upon it.
The other objection is that we leave it to the
superintendent to say what information shall
be obtained. Sir, the greater portion of the
schedules for the collection of these, statistics
are to be sent directly to tho persons Who are
to be required to answer tho inquiries. Now,
why should we not frame those relating to pop-
ulation and the farm as well as those relating
to railroads and great manufacturing estab-
lishments? Tho answer to the gentleman
from Wisconsin and the gentleman from Ohio
is, I think, that this work is a thing to be done
practically, and is required by law to be done
within a definite period. If the man appointed
as Superintendent of the Census be competent
he will know what can be done, and he will be
able to withstand the pressure of any persons
who may wish to have their particular crotchets
ppibraced in the schedules. He will lay out
his work so tluit it can bo accomplished within
the time limited bylaw, and will obtain the
statistical information needed, as declared by
this bill, for purposes of legislation. He will
not undertake anything useless or impossible.
If we undertake two much, as I think we are
doing in these schedules which propose to re-
quire tho farmer and other men doing business
without keeping books to render an account of
their last year's business, we shall have simply
a series of guesses which will bo of no use to
either the statistician or the legislator. If we
in Congress need information it is for the pur-
pose of future legislation.
I am surprised to hoar the gentleman from
Ohio alluding to what has been done in taking
previous censuses as authority for doing the
same thing in taking this. Why, it has been
notorious that every one of them has been so
inaccurate in collecting statistics that they have
been entirely useless for legislation. We have
had corrections of the censuses made by gen-
tlemen from their knowledge as statisticians ;
but neither the gentleman from Ohio nor any
one else has such confidence in tho original
figures as to take them as the basis of legisla-
tion. If we are only to have a series of guesses,
approximations to facts, then we might as well
leave it to the enumerators at once, or to per-
sons in the districts who have some knowledge
of their neighbors. If we wish to obtain accu-
rate information, then we should employ the
best means of doing it. That is eminently a
practical question, and should not be con-
founded, as the gentleman from Ohio has con-
founded it, with the ot'iier one on which hs
made his remarks. Tho general subject of in-
formation is one thing and the mode of collect-
ing it another. We should not hamper the
officer charged with the performance of this
duty by-instructions given by the House, who
know less about it than he does himself.
Mr. PAINE, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment to the amendment.
Mr. JeSokes's amendment was then rejected.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will with the
unanimous consent of the committee make
one or two verbal corrections in previous por-
tions of the bill: on page 17, section seventeen,
line forty-four, the words "for classification"
should be stricken out; so that it will read "and
when the returns have been carefully examined,
if found executed," <fec. The words were
stricken out by a vote of the committee, but
it does not. so appear. On page 10, in order
to nialfe the samo clear, I move to insert " to
the proprietor or manager of each fishery a
copy of the schedule;" so that it will read
"and to the proprietor'or manager of each
fishery a copy of the schedule fisheries." An
amendment was made in reference to the oath
to be taken by these officers. The language
was modified so as to read " in addition to the
oath required by law." It was intended to be
" in addition to the oath required by the Con-
stitution," and not "in addition to the oath
required by law." I ask that these corrections
be made.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I notice at the end of
section nine it is provided that in case of
sickness or other cause any special deputy or
enumerator may appoint a substitute, but I do
not notice that any oath is required of that
substitute, which perhaos should be done.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio'. It is to be
presumed that he is a substitute on the same
condition as the principal, and .he would be
required to take the oath without further legis-
lation.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to add the follow-
ing as an additional section :
Svc. 30. fhnt tho Superintendent of the Census
shall report to Congress on or before the first Monday
of September next the actual enumeration of the
people of the several States provided to be made and
returned by this act.
Mr. Chairman, I have drawn this section so
that the House may retain to itself the power
in the event that it finds it practicable to
apportion representation on the basis of the
census of 1870 among all the people, as required
by the Constitution so to do. The necessity of
making this addition to the bill arises from the
fact that by the twenty-second section as now
reported and accepted by the committee the
first return to be made is to be at the beginning
of the next December session of this Congress.
A Member. You have put it September.
Mr. BINGHAM. I did it on purpose. If
the Congress of the United States is to ignore
this question and to say that they have made up
their minds not to consider it at all it was utterly
worthless to tell us yesterday that we should
consider the question of apportionment in a
separate bill. This amendment is so framed as
simply to save the question to Congress for its
deliberate action. It concludes nobody. It
leaves everybody at liberty to consider the
question fairly and dispassionately; but above
all other things it saves to the people the right
to say whether they shall insist on a full repre-
sentation of the people of all the States in the
Forty-Second Congress if it can be accom-
plished on the census of 1870 or not. It
gives to the Congress the opportunity also, by
further deliberation, of ascertaining and de-
termining whether what was said by gentlemen
on the other side yesterday is in fact true—that
it is impossible to do this act of justice to the
people of this country, who alone have the right
to be heard here on this question. If we honestly
and faithfully try to givd to the people their
