162
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15,
just rights as secured to them by the amended
Constitution) and if it turns out«that it is im-
possible to accomplish it, then, and not till
then, will Congress stand acquitted before the
bar of public opinion; for it is an accepted
maxim the world over that what is impossi-
ble to be done .the law requires at the hands of
no man. .
But let us see whether it be impossible or
not. The bill as it stands, and as it has been
accepted by the Committee of the Whole to-day,
requires that the enumeration shall be com-
pleted in the monthof June next. If, then, the
thing shall be completed by June next and
returned to the Superintendent of the Census,
let us see whether it is not possible for the
Superintendent of the Census, after the expi-
ration of June next and before the elections
for the Forty-Second Congress, to return the
enumeration of the people in the several States
to Congress for their action. In the mean time
this bill can be matured which is spoken*of, for
a new apportionment of representation among
the people, and the question can be deliber-
ately considered and debated under some other
rule than the five-minute rule. I think it is
but fair that the committee should allow this
amendment formally to pass, so that it may
receive a vote by yeas and nays in the House.
That is all that I desire. If my amendment
were to commit the House in any way upon
any of the questions that have been raised,
after all that has taken place, I would not insist
upon it. But itdoes not. It simply provides
means which will enable Congress, if future
deliberations lead it in that direction and if it
shall see fit to do so, to apportion the repre-
sentation on the basis of the census of 1870.
The question being taken on Mr. Bixgham's
amendment, there were—ayes 58, noes 08.
Mr. 1NGERSOLL and Mr. BINGHAM de-
manded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Binghamand
Mr. Garfield, of Ohio, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 69, noes 77.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to make the in-
quiry, whether it is competent for any member
of the House to offer this amendment again in
the House, so that the yeas and nays can be
had upon it? I hope the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] will consent to let members
of the House have an opportunity of recording
their votes on it by the yeas and nays being
taken.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I cannot agree
to that. There is another amendment to be
offered. There was a mistake in striking out
on page 14, as marked in the reprinted bill,
lines sixteen to twenty-two. The gentleman
from Rhode Island [Mr. Jejtokes] has written
out an amendment which will remedy that mis-
take. So many amendments have been offered
thatitis notremarkablethatone mistake of that
sort should be made. I ask that the gentleman's
amendment shall be accepted.
Mr. JENCKES. I move to amend as fol-
lows :
On page 14, section fourteen of the bill, at line
sixteen, after the word "every " strike out down to
and including the word " States." in the twenty-sec-
ond lino, and insert "person or firm, or member of
a firm, is hereby required, if thereto requested by
the superintendent, district superintendent, special
deputy, or enumerator, to give true and complete
a liswers to any in quiries authorized by this act under
the penalty of $100 for eaeh refusal."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that the
committee rise and report the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
I he committee rose; and the Speaker
! .iving resumed the chair, the chairman (Mr.
reported that the Committee of the
'.,'LoJe on the state of the Union, pursuant
('.• older, had had under consideration a bill
(H. R. No. 424) to providefor taking the ninth
census of the United States and to fix the num-
ber of the members of the House of Repre-
sentatives and to providefor their future appor-
tionment among the several States, and had
instructed him to report the same to the House
with sundry amendments. .
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohm} I propose that
the amendments shall be read over, and those
upon which- a separate vote is not demanded
shall be regarded as agreed to; and I move the
previous question on the bill and amendments.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the previous ques-
tion will not be seconded.
The SPEAKER. It will not prevent a sep-
arate vote being taken on amendments.
Mr. BINGHAM. Well, but I desire to offer
an amendment to the bill, and to demand the
yeas and nays upon it.
Mr. JUDD. I desire to suggest to the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] that in order
that we may have a vote in the House on the
question of apportionment, which was discussed
to some extent in the committee, I wish to offer
an amendment to fill the blanks in the sections
proposed to be stricken out. If he will allow
a vote to be taken on that amendment we shall
be content. I understand that if the previous
question is sustained we cannot have a test vote
on that question; or if the gentleman does not
desire to have this bill embarrassed by these
amendments I will be satisfied if the House will
allow me to introduce at this time a separate
and distinct bill upon that question, and have it
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union and printed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will yield to
the gentleman for that purpose if he will have
the bill referred to the select Committee on the
Census.
Mr. JUDD. No; to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Very well; I
yield for that purpose.
APPORTIONMENT OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Mr. JUDD then, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 593) to apportion
the Representatives of the several States in the
House of Representatives for the Forty-Second
Congress; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and ordered to be
printed.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled an act (S.
No. 283) to remove political disabilities of cer-
tain persons therein named; when the Speaker
signed the same.
NINTH CENSDS.
The House then resumed the consideration
of the report from the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I rise for the pur-
pose of offering an amendment to the sixteenth
section of the bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have moved
the previous question.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman allow
the amendment to be offered ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I cannot with-
draw the previous question, though I ought to
state that the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Farnsworth] had the promise of the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union that
he might have a vote in the House on an amend-
ment in relation to the franking privilege.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then the gentleman
should allow me to offer it.
The SPEAKER. If that was the under-
standing of the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union the Chair will consider the
amendment of the gentleman from Illinois as
among those upon which the previous question
will operate,
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is all I desire.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I insist on the
demand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. ALLISON. I rise to make a suggestion
with reference to the amendments reported from
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. I think they are chiefly verbal.
At least all those that have been adopted were
substantially agreed to without a division. I
suggest that without reading all the amend-
ments shall be regarded as agreed to excepting
such as some gentleman may ask for separate
votes upon.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That will be
the best way of disposing of them.
The SPEAKER. Both modes of proceed-
ing are followed, and the one suggested by the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Ali.ison] is the
most common. Is there objection to the mode
of proceeding suggested?
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I must object.
This is a very important bill, and some of us
have not been able to be present all the time
during its consideration. I think we ought to
have the amendments read.
The Clerk proceeded to read the amend-
ments reported from the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, when those
upon which no separate votes were called for
were agreed to en masse.
Mr. WILKINSON asked for a separate vote
on the following amendment:
In section four, beginning in line ten, strike out
the following.: , . , „ ,, , ,
Provided, That in any city which forms, the whole
or a part of two or more congressional districts the
Secretary of the Interior may. if in his judgment
the efficiency of theservieewill thereby be promoted,
appointone district superintendent lor such city and
for the whole territory of the congressional districts
of which such city forms a part, instead of one for
each congressional district.
The question was taken ; and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL asked for a separate vote
on the following amendment:
Insert after section seven the following additional
section:
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, lhat each district
superintendent, being specially authorized thereto
by the Superintendent of the Census, may employ,
in addition to or instead of the enumeraters in any
district, one or more persons as deputies to collect,
collate, arrange, and report the. special statistical
information called for by this act in relation to mines
and mining, manufactures and mechanical industries,
mercantile and trading establishments and business,
fisheries, education, religion, charities, charitable,
sanitary, reformatory, and penal institutions, and
other commercial and social statistics provided for
in this act; and such special deputies shall take the
same oath as that required of the district superin-
tendents ; and in districts where such special depu-
ties are appointed -the Superintendent of the Census
shall havepower in his discretion to relieve the local
enumerators from the duty of collecting the whole
or any portion of such special statistics; and the
assessors and collectors of internal revenue in each
district and their subordinates are hereby required
to exhibit all books and records, and furnish all
information in their possession to said special depu-
ties which may aid them and which they may require
for the purpose of obtaining such special statistics.
Mr. RANDALL. I demand the yeas and
nays on that amendment. Twenty thousand
special agents maybe appointed under it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken ; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 90, nays 87,
not voting 34; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Armstrong, Arn oil.
Bailey, Beaman, Beatty, Benton, Blair.Bolcs/I eorgc
M.Brooks.Buck, Butfinton, Burchard, .Roderick K.
Butler, Cake, Cessna, Churchill,Clarke,Coburn,Con-
ger, Davis, Dawes, Deweesc, Dickey, Dixon, Donley,
Duval, Ela. Fisher, Fitch,Garfield, Gilfillan, Hoaton,
Heflin, Hill, Hoar, Hooper, Jenekes, Alexander H.
Jones, Julian,ICelley, Kellogg, Kelsey, Ivnapp, Lash,
Logan, Longhridge, Lynch, Maynard, McCarthy.
MeCrary, BliakimH.Moore,William Moore.Daniel
J. Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill, Myers, O'jVeill,
Packer, Paine. Palmer, Peters, Phelps, Poland,
Prosser, Sargent, Sawyer, Schenek, Seoficki, Shanfe,
Lionel A. Sheldon. Porter Sheldon, John A. Smith.
WorthingUm C. Smith, William Smyth, &iark-
Yv illianih—90.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Archer, Asper, Am-
tell, Bovnum, Beck. Benjamin, P>igss, Bingham, Bird,
James Brooks, Calkin, Amasa Cobb, Clinton I<. Cobb,
CooL, Cowles, Cox, Crebs, Cullom, Dickinson, Dos,
lijldridgc, ITarnsworth, "Perriss, Perry, Finkelnburff,
Cetz. (ireone, firiswold, Haldeman, Hale, Hniuble-
ton, Ilamill, Hawkins, Hawiey, Hay, Hong1, ilol-
