1474
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
ing to assent to that course. If Mr. Whit-
texore has any witnesses whom he wishes to
have examined let them be summoned before
the committee; but I am willing that the vote
on the question be postponed till Wednesday,
that the gentleman may have every reasonable
opportunity of defending himself, and then let
the House decide. If the committee have
charged Mr. Whittemore falsely or unfairly,
in God's name let the House say so and let
the country know it. If we have preferred
against him a false indictment let the House
decide upon it and let the country know it, or
if we have given him no fair opportunity of
vindicating himself let the country know it.
As far as I am concerned, I stand ready to be
condemned by the House and by my country-
men if it shall be found that I have not dis-
charged my duty as a member of the commit-
tee and of the House in dealing with this case.
I hope the question will now be put on the
resolution of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Butler.]
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the Opera-
tion thereof the resolution of Mr. Bctler, of
Massachusetts, was agreed to.
Mr. LOGAN. I move that the report and
the accompanying evidence be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. KELSEY. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. McNEELY. I move that when the
House adjourns to-day it be to meet on
Wednesday next.
Mr. DAWES. I hope that motion will not
be adopted.
The question being put on Mr. McNeely's
motion, the House divided; and there were—
ayes 50, noes 65.
So the House refused to adjourn over till
Wednesday.
Mr. MYERS. I desire to make a privileged
report.
Mr. KELSEY. I insist on my motion.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and fifty minute3 p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petition's, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
nnder the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees: i
By Mr. ALLISON: A petition of citizens i
of Guttenberg, Lawler, Jacksonville, and of
two places not stated, of Iowa, praying Con-
gress to abolish the franking privilege.
By Mr. AMBLER: The petition of Alvin C.
Unkefer, late private in company C, eleventh
regiment Ohio volunteer infantry, for invalid
pension.
Also, the petition of Catharine Bowman, I
mother of Jacob Bowman, deceased, late pri-
vate company G, one hundred and twentieth
regiment Ohio volunteer infantry, for arrears
of pension.
By Mr. AXTELL: A concurrent resolution
of the Legislature of California, as to postal
service between Millville and Lake City.
Also, a resolution of the Grand Army of the
Republic, department of California, asking for
a branch of the Soldiers' Home on the Pacific.
Also, a petition of G. W. Coulter and others,
for grant of right of way for wagon-road from
Coulterville to Yosemite.
Also, a memorial from the Chamber of Com-
merce of San Francisco, as to disposal of a
portion of custom-house block.
Also, petitions to abolish the franking privi-
lege, from Kernville, Anaheim, Bear Valley,
Fish Springs, and Arroya Grande, California.
By Mr. BEAMAN: A petition from the
Hamtramack Iron Works of the city of De-
troit, Michigan, praying that iron ore may be
placed on the free list.
By Mr. BECK: The petition of George W.
Conner, of Bath county, Kentucky, praying
for relief from political disabilities.
By Mr. BENJAMIN: The petition of Lu-
cian S. Hotchkiss, for a pension.
Also, the petition of Phebe J. Tracey, for
arrears of pension.
Also, the petition of Mary Fisher, mother of
Daniel Fisher, for arrears of pension.
By Mr. BENNETT: The petition of Lydia |
A. Corwin, praying for an increase of pension. \
By Mr. BUFF1NTON : The memorial of J. i
W. Davis and 29 others, citizens of East Fal- >
mouth, Massachusetts, praying for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege.
By Mr. BURDETT: A petition of citizens
of Jonesville, Cass county, Missouri, for the :
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Austin, Cass
county, Missouri, for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of New Palestine,
Cooper county, Missouri, for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of William Rouse and
others, citizens of Benton county, Missouri,
to grant pensions to surviving soldiers of the 1
war of 1812-15.
By Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts: A j
petition of shoe manufacturers of Lynn, Massa- ]
chusetts, against the proposed increase of duty :
on Union elastic web.
Also, a petition of the Brown Manufactur-
ing Company, for reduction of the duty on steel.
Also, the petition of Baron F. Von Egloffs-
tein, for $4,368 for services, &c.
By Mr. CHURCHILL: The petition of J.
E. L. Hamilton and 40 others, members of the
bar of 0 neida county, New York, for the passage
of a bill to regulate the fees of attorneys in the
circuit and district courts of the United States.
By Mr. CONGER: The petition of Tolcot
Bates, postmaster, and 39 others, citizens of
N ew Haven, Michigan, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of J. G. Bruce, postmaster,
and 49 others, citizens of Burnside, Michigan,
for the same object.
Also, the petition of D. M. Arthur and 74
others, citizens of Brockway Centre, Michigan, ,
for the same object. i
By Mr. COOK: A memorial of citizens of !j
Ottawa, Illinois, remonstrating against rednc- ;
tion of duty on imported cigars and reduction ;
of duty on unmanufactured tobacco. '
Also, a petition of citizens of Illinois for
the repeal of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Dayton, Illi-
nois, for the same.
Also, a petition of citizens of Grundy county,
Illinois, for the same.
By Mr. COX: Petitions of the following
tobacco dealers, &C., asking a restoration of
the tariff rates on imported cigars to three dol-
lars per pound and fifty per cent, ad valorem,:
Jacob H. See and 56 others; Charles Evrard
and 18 others; J. H. Kelton and 20 others;
William Goss and 19 others; H. Gunther and
8 others, all of New York.
By Mr. CREBS: The petition of F. H.
Willis and 44 others, citizens of Enfield, ;
White county, Illinois, praying for the aboli- !
tion of the franking privilege. !
By Mr. DAVIS: The petition of G. C. Buell !!
& Co. arid others, dealers in sugar in the city ||
of Rochester, for adjustment of the proposed :|
tariff on sugars. !'
Also, the petition of Maitland, Phelps & Co.
and a large number of others, dealers in sugar ,
in the city of New York, for the same.
Also, the petition of Squires, Sherry &
Galusba and many others, dealers in sugar in :
the city of Troy, New York, for the same.
By Mr. DOX: The petition of S. J. Carter
and others, citizens of Marshall county, Ala- '
bama, residing near Red Hill post office, ask- >,
ing for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. GILFILLAN: The petition of R.
C. Allen and 124 others, citizens of Mercer !:
county, Pennsylvania, praying an amendment ;i
to the Constitution acknowledging Christ the ji
Saviour, &c. il
Also, the petition of Matthew Black and 90
others, citizens of Mercer county, Pennsyl-
vania, of like import.
Also, ft petition of citizens of Steamburg,
Pennsylvania, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, tbepetition of Jane Wallace, of Frank-
lin, Pennsylvania, praying for a pension after
her husband's death in the late rebellion.
Also, the petition of Mary Randolph, of
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, mother of Levi
Randolph, private company K, fifteenth Iowa
volunteers, praying for arrears of pension.
Also, a petition of citizens of Linesville,
Crawford county, Pennsylvania, praying for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. HALDEMAN : A petition of cigar
dealers of Margaretta Furnace, York county,
Pennsylvania, against a decrease of the tariff
on cigars and tobacco.
Also, a petition of citizens of Mount Top,
York county, Pennsylvania, for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
By Mr. HOLMi^?: The petition of Abraham
Vines and 34 others, citizens of Vines Springs
and vicinity, Ripley county, Indiana, for the
total abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of William N. Sutton and
31 others, citizens of Clifty, Decatur county,
Indiana, lor the same purpose.
By Mr. JOHNSON: A petition of the
Grand Army of the Republic, praying the es-
tablishment of a Soldier's Home on the Pacific
coast.
Also, a petition of citizens of California,
praying the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. KETCHAM : The petition of J. G.
Van Valkenburgh, and 33 others, citizens of
Chatham Centre, New York, for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
By Mr. KNAPP: The petition of Lucetta C.
Clements, that she be granted back pension.
By Mr. LYNCH: The petition of P. G.
Blan chard and others, citizens of Yarmouth,
Maine, asking an appropriation for improving
the navigation of Royals river.
By Mr. McCARTHY: A petition of 208
citizens, manufacturers and dealers in cigars
at Syracuse, New York, praying Congress to
restore the tariffduty on cigars to three dollars
per pound and fifty per cent, ad valorem.
By Mr. McNEELY : The petitionof George
Tuper, postmaster, and other citizens of Tal-
lula, Illinois, asking for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
By Mr. MAYNARD : The petition of Col-
onel Robert K. Byrd, of Kingston, Tennessee,
late colonel commanding first Tennessee vol-
unteer infantry, praying compensation for a
horse.
Also, the petition of Mrs. Nancy Goddard,
of Morgan county,Tennessee, widow of Thomas
M. Goddard, late private company B, second
regiment Tennessee volunteers, praying that
her husband's name be entered upon the rolls
of said company.
By Mr. MOORE, of Illinois: Sundry peti-
tions, numerously signed by citizens of the
seventh congressional district of Illinois, pray-
ing the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. MOORE, of New Jersey : The peti-
tion of James Van Brunt and 46 others, citi-
zens of New York, Bhip-builders, captains, and
owners of American vessels, praying Congress
to protect all engaged in navigation from illegal
exactions of State and municipal corporations,
such as license pilot, port-warden, harbor-mas-
ter, and port-collector fees, and to encourage
and foster American ship-building.
Also, the petition of Philip Fitzpatrick and
55 others, citizens of Philadelphia, for the
same purpose.
Also, the petition of Frederick W. Hatch,
R. C. Sturgis and 144'others, citizens of Bos-
ton, Massachusetts, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of F. G. Kelley and 77
others, citizens of Centreville, Massachusetts,
for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of Andrew Lovell and 48
