1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1475
others, citizens of Barnstable, Massachusetts,
tor the same purpose.
Also, the petition of W. B. Kelley and VI
others, citizens of Harwich, Massachusetts, for
the same purpose.
Also, the petition of Joshua M. Howes and
73 others, citizens of Dennis, Massachusetts,
for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of 50 residents of New Bed-
ford. .Massachusetts, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of Leaton & Boyd and 77
firms and others, of Portland, Maine, for the
same purpose.
Also, the petition of E. A. Upton and 55
others, citizens of Bangor, Maine, "for the same
purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Providence,
Rhode Island, and New London, Connecticut,
for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of the vessel and ship-own-
ers' associations of the city of New York, asking
that an appropriation may be made to enable
the Light House Board to rebuild the light-
house on Body Island, North Carolina.
Also, a petition of manufacturers of steel, of
Camden, New Jersey, asking for reduction of
duties on steel.
By Mr. N1BLACK: The memorial of Alex-
ander Chornel and 14 others, of Martin county,
Indiana, praying that arrears of pay due to
Wiliiam Burress, deceased, lately a laborer in
the quartermaster department, may be paid
to his mother, Mary Burress, a resident of
that count}'.
By Mr. ORTH : The petition of Edwin Tur-
ner, praying for relief.
By Mr. PACKARD: The memorial of C.
C. S. Keech, of Valparaiso, Indiana, for the
abolition of all postages on newspapers.
By Mr. ROGERS: The petition of E. N.
Hill, of Ouachita county, Arkansas, for the
removal of his disabilities.
By Mr. SARGENT: A memorial of 400
citizens of Napa, California, for relief from the
oppressive burdens imposed on the distillation
of fruit.
Also, a petition of 50 citizens of Sacra-
mento, California, for the same purpose.
By Mr. SCHENCK: A petition of manufac-
turers and dealers in tobacco of Lynchburg,
Virginia, praying Congress to place a uniform
tax on tobacco of thirty-two cents per pound.
By Mr SPINK: The petition of N. Phil-
lips and 102 others, citizens of Minnehaha
county, Dakota Territory, praying for the vaca-
tion of the military reservation at Sioux Falls,
in said county.
By Mr. STOKES: The petition of Delilah
Kelly, widow of Daniel H. Kelly, company F,
second Tennessee volunteers, praying for a
pension.
By Mr. TWICHELL: A memorial of the
National Board of Trade, in favor of the
Niagara ship-canal.
By Mr. WILLIAMS: A petition of 300
citizens of the tenth congressional district of
Indiana, to abolish the franking privilege.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 22, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I move that
the Senate adjourn on this day.
Mr. FERRY. I -want to dispose of a veto
Message.
Mr. WILSON. I withdraw the motion for
a few minutes until the morning business is
through.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. VICKERS presented the memorial of
the National Board of Trade, praying for the
passage of a marine apprentice law; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
He also presented the petition of Joseph
Wallace, a surgeon in the war of 1812 and
1814, praying for a pension ; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. POMEROY. I am charged with the
Eresentation of concurrent resolutions of the
legislature of Kansas relative to depredations
committed by Indians upon white citizens by
the Osage tribe and other tribes of Indians, and
asking not only protection from those Indians,
but that there may be some way of compens-
ating citizens for stock stolen by Indians. I
: move that they be referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I also present a petition,
numerously signed, from Howard Division of
the Sons of Temperance in this city, urging
the passage of a law by Congress that shall
prohibit the sale of intoxicating liquors in this
District. A bill of this character is before the
Committee on the District of Columbia, and
I move that the petition be referred to that
committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I have the honor to pre-
sent a memorial from the Legislature of the
State of Kansas relating to what are known
in our State as the Price raid claims, claims
of citizens of the State in consequence of repel-
ling the invasion of the rebel General Price. I
; move its reference to the Military Committee,
\ and that it be printed.
| The motion was agreed to.
| Mr. POMEROY also presented the petition
| of Josffph Shelton, Doniphan county, Kansas,
| praying to be allowed a pension ; which was
! referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BOREMAN presented the petitions of
j John O. Pendleton, Gideon H. Timberlake,
i and John M. Goss, Albemarle county, Vir-
ginia, praying the removal of their political
disabilities : which were referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. COLE presented a petition of citizens
of California, praying that a new judicial dis-
trict be formed, comprising the southern coun-
ties of California, with a United States cir-
cuit and district court, to hold their sessions
at such point or points therein as will best
subserve the convenience of the majority of
citizens thereof; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented nine petitions from citi-
zens of California, praying the abolition of the
franking privilege; which were ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. CONKLING presented the petitions of
John W. Hamilton, Trinity county, Texas, and
of W. Thomas Hyde, of Tyler county, Texas,
praying the removal of their political disabili-
ties; which were referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. McDONALD presented the petition
of J. W. Parkinson, of Virginia, praying the
removal of his political disabilities; which was
referred to the select Committee on the Removal
of Political Disabilities.
Mr. CASSERLY presented a resolution of
the Legislature of California in favor of the
establishment of a weekly mail from Millviile
to Bidwell in that State, and the establishment
of post offices at certain places in that State;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. RAMSEY presented one hundred and
eighteen petitions from citizens of Minnesota
and other States of the West, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege ; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CRAGIN presented the petition of
Samuel Hadley, a soldier of the war of 1812,
praying to be allowed a pension ; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. ROBERTSON presented the petitions
I of William S. Dulaney, of Kentucky; of E.
li A. W. Hore, Stafford county, Virginia; of Wil-
liam H. Gold, Frederick county, Virginia ; of
Robert M. Clark, Patrick count}', Virginia;
of Isaac Overly, Charlotte county, Virginia;
of James M. Comer, Pittsylvania county, Vir-
ginia; of J. W. Johnston, Clarke county, Vir-
ginia; of W. Baskerville, jr., Mecklenburg
county, Virginia; of N. T. Green, Halifax
county, Virginia; of E. M. Sofford, on behalf
of Colonel Williamsons Simmons, Petersburg.
Virginia; of William T. Gary, Lunenburg
county, Virginia; of M.Miller, Rappahannock
county, Virginia; of Samuel F. Cardoza. Lu-
nenburg county, Virgina; of John H. Cecil,
Pulaski county, Virginia ; of John R. Bailey,
Charlotte county, Virginia; of John Wool folk,
Orange county, Virginia; of Alexander B.
Cochran, Staunton, Virginia; of James L.
Robinson, Orange county, Virginia; of Edwin
I. Redd, Prince Edward county, Virginia; of
A. S. Watts, of Portsmouth, Virginia; of
John R. Kilby, Nansemond county, Virginia;
of James M. Booker, Campbell county, Vir-
ginia; of William H. Wooding, Pittsylvania
county, Virginia; of J. S. Calvert, Richmond,
Virginia; of Henry S. Bowen, Tazewell county,
Virginia: of A. J. Hufford, Wythe county, Vir-
ginia; of James D. Halyburton, Virginia; of
C. T. Couch, Petersburg, Virginia ; of John D.
Priddy, Charlotte county, Virginia; of R. D.
Turnbull, Brunswick county, Virginia; ofRob-
ert W. Priddy, Charlotte county, Virginia ; of
A.B. Woodruff, South Carolina; of Andrew C.
Davis, Columbia, South Carolina; of John C.
Hope, Lexington county, South Carolina; of J.
Winsmith,Spartanburgcounty, South Carolina;
of E. H. and A. G. Barnes, Lunenburgcounty,*
Virginia; of Alonzo M. Folger, South Caro-
lina; of John A. Shield, South Carolina; of
N. K. Cessna, Florida; of Hiram B. Dickin-
son, Virginia ; of Charles T. Greene, Fauquier
county, Virginia ; of W. B. Lester and lii. C.
Echols, Campbell county, Virginia; of Chris-
topher Arrington, Franklin county, Virginia ;
of W. T. Palmer, Franklin county, Virginia:
of P. H. Starkes, Richmond, Virginia; of
Edward P. Hawkins, Louisa county, Virginia :
of N. K. Trout, Virginia; of Frederick R.
Brown, Franklin county, Virginia; of George
C. Cabell, Virginia; of James A. Goolder.
King and Queen county, Virginia; of S. R.
Johnson, Mecklenburg county, Virginia; of
Allen W. Morton, Richmond, Virginia; of
William H. Woodby, Madison county, Vir-
ginia; of George L. Brent., Orange county,
Virginia ; of J. L. Quarles, Bedford county, Vir-
ginia; of S. King Shay, Virginia; of Moses
M. Gobson, Fauquier county, Virginia; ofG.
C. Medley, Halifax county, Virginia; of John
Pollard, King and Queen county, Virginia :
of J. Sangster, Fairfax county, Virginia; of
Henry L. Davies, Campbell county, Virginia;
of Charles N. Patterson, Nelson county, Vir-
finia; of S. B. French, Chesterfield county,
irginia ; of Charles A. Miston, Prince Ed-
ward county, Virginia; of J. H. Henry, Rich-
mond, Virginia ; of James Medley, jr., Halifax
county, Virginia ; of James H. Houston, Hal
ifax county, Virginia; of Henry Wood, sr.,
Mecklenburg county, Virginia; of H. A. Ed-
mundson, Halifax county, Virginia; of_VV. P.
Tucker, Halifax county, Vuginia; of John
Chain, Milton, Florida; ofF. R. Brown, Frank-
lin county, Virginia; of William Pope Dabney,
Powhatan county, Virginia; of the court of
Essex county, Virginia, in behalf of James
Ray Mican, of thai county; of M. Stoughton,
Virginia; of Theodore G. Barham, Virginia;
of George W. Macon, Virginia; of M. J. Wat-
son, Virginia; of E. W. Roach, Virginia; of
C. W. Harvey, Virginia; of Dr. James Lyle,
Virginia; ofN. H. Hancock, Virginia; ofG.
D. Pleasants, Virginia; ot John It. Ford, \ ir-
ginia; of J. W. Eggleston, Charlotte couut.y,
Virginia; of William T. Rugh,Charlotte county,
Virginia; of John A. Miller, Greene county,
Virginia; of JohnG. Herndon, Greene county,
Virginia; of George W. Norris, Fauquier coun-
ty, Virginia; of Joseph H. Shelton, Nelson
county, Virginia; of William J. Porter, Prince
