1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
16S
man, XpgersoH, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Judd,
Ivei'r, Ketcham, Knott, Laflin, Lawrence, Marshall,
Mayham, McCormick, McGrew, McNeely, Mercnr,
Jesse H. Moore, Morgan. Mungen, Niblaok, Orth,
Packard, Pomeroy, Randall, Reading, Reeves, Rice,
Rogers, Slocum, Joscph g. Smith, Stevenson, Stiles,
Stone, Strader, Swann, Sweeney, Ta£fe, Trimble,
\ uorhee;-!, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Wells,
wheeler, Wilkinson, Winansi, Winchester, Witcher,
and Woodward—87.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Banks, Bennett, Bowen,
Boyd, Buckley, Burdett, Burr, Benjamin 3?. Butler,
Cleveland, Dockcry, Dyer, Fox, Golladay, JIaight,
Hamilton, Hays, Hoge, Hopkins, Hotchkiss, Mor-
rissey, in egley.^ Potter, Roots, Sanford, Schumaker,
Sherrod, William J. Smith, Stevens, Strickland,
Van Auken, Van Horn, Van Trump, Eugene M.
Wilson. John T. Wilson, and Wood—34.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The question was taken ; and upon a division
there were—ayes 73, noes 82.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. ELDRIDGE said: I think it will be
best to sleep on this bill, I therefore call for
the yeas and nays on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Oh, please do
not. Let us finish this bill to-night.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. We cannot do that.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and there were—ayes thirty-
three, noes not counted.
So (one fifth voting in the affirmative) the
yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. We may as well
adjourn as to take up time in calling the yeas
and nays.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I am willing that the
House shall adjourn.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I object to that. The
yeas and nays have been ordered; now let
them be taken.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I will withdraw the mo-
tion to adjourn if the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] will renew it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will do so.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I object.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I withdraw the motion j
to adjourn. i
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I renew the |
motion to adjourn.
The question was taken; and upon a division '
there were—ayes U3, noes 31). j
Before the result of the vote was announced, '
Mr. CESSNA and Mr. INGERSOLL called j
for the yeas and nays oti the motion to adjourn, j
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays ; and upon a division there
were—ayes 19, noes 83; not one fifth voting
in the affirmative.
Before the result of this vote was announced,
Mr.INGERSOLL called for tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering tell-
ers ; and there were twenty-one in the affirm-
ative.
So (the affirmative not being oue fifth of a
quorum) tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays accordingly were not
ordered.
The motion of Mr. Garfield, of Ohio, was
agreed to.
Accordingly (at four o'clock p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts : A
memorial of Chesapeake Female College, for
rent of and damage to the buildings and prop-
erty of the college while occupied by the forces
of the United States.
Also, a memorial of citizens of Peabody,
Massachusetts, for the abolition of duty on raw
hides, skins, and tanning materials.
Also, a petition of citizens of Philadelphia,
that all soldiers and sailors of the war of 1812 Ij
be placed on the pension-roll. |<
By Mr. FERRY: The petition of C. B. Al- !i
bee, Charles J. Pfaff, J. T. Harris, E. D. Blair, !i
and 50 others, of Ottawa county, Michigan,
praying for the repeal of the duty on hides.
By Mr. JOHNSON : A memorial of the
Grape-Growers' Association ofSonoma, Napa,
and Solano counties, California.
By Mr. MOORE, of Ohio: The petition of
George H. Eels and 23 others, of Washington
county, Ohio, for the repeal of the duty on
foreign hides.
By Mr. MYERS: A petition of the letter-
carriers of Philadelphia, asking increased com-
pensation.
By Mr. ORTH: A petition of many citi-
zens of Boone county, Indiana, asking for pen-
sions to soldiers of the war of 1812.
By Mr. PACKARD: The petition of Thomas
Tyner, of Indiana, asking reimbursement for
certain lands in the State of Illinois.
By Mr. SAWYER; The memorial of Adol-
phus Reiskel and 16 others, letter-carriers of
the Milwaukee (Wisconsin) post office, asking
for increase of salary.
By Mr. SCHENCK: The petition of M. M.
Hudson and 30 others, citizens of Warren
county,Ohio, praying for the repeal of the tariff
on foreign hides.
Also, the petition of W. L. Darrow and 14
others, citizens of Montgomery county, Ohio,
praying Congress to repeal the duty on foreign
hides.
Also, the petition of P. E: Rechtolt and 130
others, citizens of Montgomery county, Ohio,
praying Congress to repeal the duty on foreign
hides.
By Mr. SCOFIELD: A petition of the
Medical Society of Sacramento county, Cali-
fornia, praying Congress to bestow increased
rank upon the medical corps of the Navy.
By Mr. TYNER : A petition for the relief
of Noah Fisher.
By Mr. UPSON: The petition of John
Pharr and_ 9 others, citizens of Cuyahoga
county, Ohio, for the repeal of duty on foreign
hides.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 16, 1869.
Prayer by Right Rev. E. S. James, Bishop
of New York.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
sale of lands in california.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 86) in regard
to the suspension of the sale of certain lands in
California was read twice by its title.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I see the chairman of the
Committee on Retrenchment, to which a simi-
lar resolution was sent, is not in his seat. I
think he believes it desirable to pass that reso-
lution without a reference, as they have consid-
ered the subject, and Isuggest that it lie on the
table for the present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie on the
table.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. PRATTpresented a copy of resolutions,
in the nature of a memorial, adopted at a meet-
ing of soldiers of the war of 1812 held in
Lebanon, Indiana, praying Congress to pass a
law placing the names of the surviving soldiers
of that war, and of the widows of such as are
deceased, upon the pension-roll; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
^ Mr. WILLEY presented the petition of P.
F. Southall, of Amelia county, Virginia, pray-
ing the removal of his political disabilities;
which was referred to the select Committee
on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. CRAGIN presented a petition of firemen
on board the receiving ship Vermont, praying
for an increase of compensation; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
He also presented the petition of R. G. Ran-
dall and others, of New Hampshire, who were
transferred from the Army to the Navy during
the late war, praying that they maiy be allowed
the additional bounty of $100 under the act of
July 28, 1866 ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. WILLIAMS presented the petition of
Mary J. Wells, praying compensation for cer-
tain land entered by her husband which was
afterward found to be included in the light-
house reservation at Tokes Point, on Shoal
Water bay, Washington Territory; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the petition of
Pancratz Boll, praying an increase of the facil-
ities for the encouragement of emigration;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. COLE. I present ii memorial from the
Grape-Growers Association of Sonoma, Napa,
and Solano counties, in the State of Califor-
nia, asking for separate and distinct legisla-
tion in reference to the tax upon brandy pro-
duced from grapes and other fruits. They
state that the laws and regulations that apply
to the distillation of spirits from other mate-
rials do not apply at all to such distillation
from grapes and other fruits, and the law as
applied to the distillation of spirits from grain
operates very oppressive upon them. I move
that this petition be referred to the Committee
on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
papers withdrawn and referred.
On motion of Mr. NORTON, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers in relation
to the claim of George E. Payne be taken from tho
files of tho Senate and referred to the Committee on
Claims.
On motion of Mr. CRAGIN, it was
Ordered, That Cincinnatus W. Harper and Clar-
cnco C. Harper, heirs-at-law of John Harper, de-
ceased, have permission to withdraw their petition
and other papers from the files of the Senate.
On motion of Mr. MORTON, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of William
B. Campbell bo taken from the files of the Senate
and referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, it was
Ordered, That leave begranted to Joseph Wilson,
of Kentucky, to withdraw his petition and papers
from the files of tho Senate.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, it
was
Ordered, That D.C.Bailey have leave to withdraw
his petition and other papers from tho files of the
Senate.
reports of committees.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Cotnmcrce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 302) giving the consent of the United States
to the erection of a bridge across the Delaware
river between Philadelphia and Camden, re-
ported it without amendment.
willamette river bridge.
Mr. CORBETT. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
305) giving theconsentof the United States to
the erection of a bridge across the Willamette
river, in Oregon, from the city of Portland to
the east bank of said river, have directed me to
report it back without amendment, and to ask
for its present consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unani-
mous consent.
Mr. CORBETT. I will state that this bill
was passed at the last session, but failed to
receive the signature of the President in the
hurry of the closing hours of the session. It
is therefore necessary that it should be passed
again. It is an exact copy of the former bill
which passed both Houses.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to inquire of
the Senator whether at the last session the bill
was considered by a committee?
Mr. CORBETT. Yes, sir; it was consid-
ered by a committee, and passed both Houses
of Congress.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill by which the consent of the Uni-
ted States is given to the corporation of the
