1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
461
41st Cons....2d Sess.
Independence of Cuba—Mr. Banks.
Ho. of Reps.
is to treat it as war, and, in accordance with
the law of nations, to declare and maintain, in
regard to the parties engaged therein, a strict
and impartial neutrality.
"A civil war," Vattel says, "is when a party
arises in a State which- no longer obeys the
sovereign, and is sufficiently strong to make
head against him, or when in a republic the
nation is divided into two opposite factions,
and both sides take up arms.''
"Civil war breaks the bonds of society and
of the Government; it gives rise in a nation to
two independent parties, who acknowledge no
common judge. They are in the position of
two nations who engage in disputes, and, not
being able to reconcile them, have recourse to
arms. The common laws of war are in civil
wars to be observed on both sides. The same
reasons which make them obligatory between
foreign States lender them more necessary in
the unhappy circumstances where two exasper-
ated parties are destroying their common coun-
try." (Vattel, liv. 3., cli. 18, sees. 290-295.)
When a nation becomes divided into two
parties absolutely independent, and no longer
acknowledge a superior, the State is dissolved,
and the war betwixt the two parties in every
respect is the same as that of a public war
between two different nations. The obligation
of observing the common law of war is there-
fore absolutely indispensable to both parties,
and the same which the law of nature obliges
all nations to observe between State and State.
(Vattel—Droit des Gens., liv. 3, ch. 18, sees.
290,295.)
"When a part of a State takes up arms against
the Government, if it is sufficiently strong to
resist its action, and to constitute two parties
of equally balanced forces, the existence of
civil war is thenceforward determined. If the
conspirators against the Government have not
the means of assuming this position their move-
ment does not pass beyond a rebellion. A true
civil war breaks the bonds of society by divid-
ing it in fact into two independent societies ;
it is for this consideration that we treat of it in
international law ; since each party forms, as
it were, a separate nation, both should be re-
garded as subject to the laws of war. This
subjection to the la,w of nations is the more
necessary in civil wars, since these, by nourish-
ing more hatred and resentments than foreign
wars, require more the corrective of the law
of nations in order to moderate their ravages."
(Riquelme, Elements de Dereebo Publico, cap.
14, torn. 1, p. 172.)
"When a faction is formed in a State which
takes up arms against the sovereign in order
to wrest from him the supreme power or im-
pose conditions on him, or when a republic is
divided into two parties which mutually treat
each other as enemies, (his war is called civil
war. Civil wars frequently commence by pop-
ular tumults, which in nowise concern foreign
nations; but when one faction or party obtains
dominion over an extensive territory, gives laws
to it, establishes agovernment in it, administers
justice, and, in a word, exercises acts of sov-
ereignty, it is a person, in the law of nations ;
and however so much one of the two parties
gives to the other the title of rebel or tyrant,
the foreign Powers which desire to maintain
their neutrality ought to consider both as two
States, independent as respects one another and
other States, who recognize no judge of their
differences." (Bello, Principios de Derecho
International, cap. 10, p. 267.)
M. Bluntschli, whom Laboulaye places in
the first rank of jurists and publicists, and styles
"the illustrious professor of Heidelberg" in
one of the most recent and learned of the works
on international law, is more emphatic as to
the duty of Governments to recognize contend-
ing factions as belligerents.
In his code of international law, in defining
the character of war and the principles of neu-
trality, he says: "War is an armed contest
between different States upon a question of
public right." _ " They recognize the quality
of belligerents in armed forces, who, not hav-
ing been recognized by any State already
existing as having the right to contend in
arms, have secured to themselves a military
organization, and combat in good faith—in the
place of and as a State—for a principle of
public right." (Bluntschli, pages 270-271.)
" There is an exception," he continues,
"to the rule that wars can take place only
between States. When a political party seeks
the realization of certain public objects, and
organizes itself as a State, it becomes in a cer-
tain measure the State itself. The laws of
humanity demand that the quality of belli-
gerents should be accorded to that party,
and that its people should not be considered
a mass of criminals. A party that is suffi-
ciently strong to create a power analogous to
that of a State, which offers by its military
organization sufficient guarantees of order,
and gives evidence by its acts of its intention
to become a State, that party has a natural
right to demand for its army the same treat-
ment that is accorded to a State already in
existence. The sacrifices of war are in that
way diminished not only for the new party,
but for all its adversaries. If, on the contrary,
the volunteers of the new party are pursued as
criminals, the contest becomes more savage,
and neither of the adversaries will allow itself
to be surpassed by the other in the barbar-
ism of its acts or the cruelty of its reprisals.
Under this head are ranged the expeditions
undertaken by certain forces called corps franc,
or free corps. When these corps are regularly
organized and respect the laws of war they ought
to be considered as belligerents." (Bluntschli,
page 271.)
Mr. Phillimore, in his work on international
law, which is of the highest authority, says:
"There is no proposition of law upon which
there exists a more universal agreement of all
jurists than that the virtual and da facto rec-
ognition of a new State (recognizing the com-
mercial flag and sanctioning the appointment
of consuls to its ports) gives no just cause of
offense to the old State, inasmuch as it decides
nothing concerning the asserted rights of the
latter." He makes a distinction between
the "virtual" recognition of a new State by
admitting its commercial flag and the appoint-
ment of consuls and the formal recognition by
sending embassadors and entering into treaties
with the new State by foreign Powers, which
should not be done until after "a practical
cessation of hostilities," though it does not
demand a " perfect and undisturbed internal
tranquillity" within its borders. This would,
in fact, be an admission of the competency of
the new Powers to negotiate and contract en-
gagements under the law of nations. (Philli-
more's Int. Law, vol. 2, pages 17-22.)
In ease of revolution Wheaton says the civil
war does not necessarily extinguish the exist-
ence of the sovereign or parent State, but that
"until the revolution is consummated, while
the civil war involving a contest for the Gov-
ernment continues, other States may remain
indifferent spectators of the controversy, still
continuing to treat the ancient Government as
sovereign, and the Government de facto as a
society entitled to the rights of war against
its enemies, or may espouse the cause of the
party which they believe to have justice on its
side. In the first case, the foreign State ful-
fills all its obligations under the law of nations,
and neither party has any right to complain,
provided it maintains an impartial neutrality."
(Part 1, ch. 2, sec. G.)
And, again, he says: " It has already been
stated that while the contest for the sover-
eignty continues and the civil war rages, other
nations may remain passive, allowing to both
contending parties all the rights which war
gives to public enemies ; or may acknowledge
the independence of the new State, forming
with it treaties of amity and commerce, or may
join in alliance with one party against the
other. In the first case neither party has any
right to complain, so long as other nations
maintain an impartial neutrality and abide the
event of the contest." (Wheaton, part 1, eh.
2, sec. 10.)
Such are the views of modern jurists. In
the late civil war in America all the nations in
Europe recognized and acted upon this doc-
trine. Belgium, France, the Netherlands,
Portugal, Denmark, Prussia, Russia, Spain,
and Great Britain issued proclamations declar-
ing their neutrality, and setting forth regula-
tions for the government of their subjects.
Our Government protested against the man-
ner in which some of these declarations were
made, and against the manner in which they
were executed, but it never denied the right
of any Government to declare its neutrality in
any contest.
The declarations of Great Britain and Spain
were substantially alike. That of Great Brit-
ain was as follows:
BY THE QUEEX—A PllOCLAMATIOX, VICTORIA B.
Whereas we are happily at peace with all
sovereigns, Powers, and States ; and whereas
hostilities have, unhappily, commenced be-
tween the Government of the United States
and certain States styling themselves the con-
federate States of America ; and whereas we,
being at peace with the Government of the
United States, have declared our royal determ-
ination to maintain a strict and impartial neu-
trality in the contest between the said contend-
ing parties, we therefore have thought it fit,
by the advice of our privy council, to issue
this, our royal proclamation, &c. Dated May
13, 1801.
That of Spain was as follows:
l'lIOCI.AMATIOX BY Till! QUEEX OF SPAIX.
Considering the relations which exist between
Spain and the United States of America, and
the expediency of not changing the reciprocal
feelings of friendly understanding on account
of the grave events which have happened in
that liepublic, 1 have resolved to maintain the
strictest neutrality in the struggle engaged in
between all the Federal States of the Union
and the confederate States of the South ; and,
in order to avoid the losses which our subjects
might suffer, both in shipping and commerce,
for want of definite rules to which their con-
duct might conform, in accordance with my
council of ministers, I decree as follows: (and
then the regulations which govern neutral na-
tions are given as in the British proclamation.)
Dated June 17, 1861.
We protested against the manner in which
the British proclamation was issued, and the
faithless manner in which it was executed ; but
we made no protest against that of Spain,
whose declaration was identical with that of
England, except that it repealed the word
"belligerents," which was not used in the
British proclamation. On the contrary, we
accorded to the Spanish Government our thanks
for its prompt and friendly action.
Mr. Sciiuuz, American minister at Madrid,
writes to Mr. Sevvaid, July 35,1801, as follows:
"Sefior Calderou Collantes then asked me
whether the declaration of neutrality on the
part of Spain in regard to our domestic trou-
bles was satisfactory to my Government. I
replied," "that as to the declaration of neu-
trality on the part of Spain, I had received
no expression of opinion from my Govern-
ment; and that I thought it would be consid-
ered satisfactory."
