1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3363
Sir, there is the experience of one of your
own public servants; a man of coarse compe-
tent to judge, or the Government would not
|i;ive him in its employ; a man entirely familiar
with the manipulation of bullion in all its
phases, or this Government would not trust
liitn with that responsible position. He says
ihnt this cannot be done, and you will «ee hy
the presentation whioh he makes that it would
increase necessarily the clerk hireinthe Depart-
ing by this reraelting, reassaying, and re-
computing more than it could possibly save by
being wt out. This Government officer under-
stands this matter better than I do, and, It may
be, quite as well as the honorable Senator from
Oregon. He speaks like a man of truth. He
speaks like a man kuowing whereof he speaks.
Now, Mr. President, what is it that is to be
done? The honorable Senator from Ohio, in
a manner not quite his own, suggested to me
that he did not know but that it might hurt
our mint in Nevada. Sir, I did not procure
the passage of the law 
Mr. SHERMAN. I certainly did not say
that- with any unkindness to the Senator from
Nevada. I said that this would only operate
in San Francisco, because that was the only
city where there were private refineries; that
probably private refiners would not locate them-
gt-lves anywhere else.
Mr. NYE. Long before I was a member
of ike Senate, and long before Nevada was a
State, the appropriation was made for the mint
at Carson City.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish the Senator to
understand that I disclaim utterly meaning
anything unkind to him or to the mint at Car-
goo City. What I said was of general appli-
cation. This measure is intended, as a matter
of coarse, to draw the refining to San Francisco;
Mr. NYE. Perhaps I am a little oversensi-
tive on thai point. I hear on all Corners, from
persons who are anxious to .have this process
brought about of relieving .the Government
from any expense of refining, that my opposi-
tion to it arises from the fact that we have a
mint in Nevada. Sir, I should be recreant
to the State which I represent,. I should be
recreant to ray own judgment, if I should
itand here and see an arrangement made by
which my own people were to be injured and
wronged and not protest against it.. 1 tell yOu,
air, t) e object of this arrangement is to control
the bullion in California, and Nevada prodaoes
as much bullion as California does; and why
should 1 not stand up for the mint in Neyada?
It has got its swaddlingrclothes on yet,: and it
has got to struggle every moment of its exist-
ence against persons desirous of producing the
result now proposed by . the honorable Senator
from Oregon; that is, to abolish the mint at
Carson City; or, a« the former Secretary wanted
to call it, an assay office. I have run about
here enough to amount to a voyage across the
plains on foot in order to get a Secretary of the
Treasury to send out the money for its con-
struction, when there was a plain requisition
of law requiring him to do so.
I know whereof I speak about this thing. I
speak with some feeling for Nevada. She has
yet got the marks of her swaddling-clothes
around her. She is young, but striving with
her youth to assume the position in this nation
to which she will be entitled if she is not choked
in her progress as Bhe advances. Why should
I not stand up here "for Nevada and her inter-
ests? She has honored me, and 1 will be true
to her. Why should I not stand up forNevada
when her mountains yield the bullion that this
company seek to handle and employ ? Sir, I
stand here for the miner of my own State, who
goes with his bullion to the mint and there
receives the Government security and indem-
% that he shall have an honest return for it.
 hy drive him to a private assay office, where
God knows who may handle it? What security
is the Secretary of the Treasury to take for the
millions that he hands over to this private assay
office 1 Can the Director of the Mint at Phila-
delphia know whether the bonds are ample and
sufficient for this assay office? Who shall be
responsible to the depositor? The Govern-
ment will find out when it comes to pay its
deficit. Suppose to-day that the establishment
of this company, by Bome misfortune, with
millions of Government gold' in its hands,
should be constrmekl in a night, and all of this
liquid metal which they have on hand, which
often amounts to millions; consumed and lost.
Mti SHEttMAN. I hope my friend from
Nevada does not suppose that we have reported
a proposition here that, shall authorize the gold
of the United Statestobe transferred to private
parties under any circumstances. It provides
expressly that the exchange shall be made to
parties for imparted bars.
Mr. NYE. I understand what this means
precisely. It means simply that the Govern-
ment will not take the crude bullion, but will
drive the depositor to this private concern to
have his metal refined. That is. what it means.
Mr. SHERMAN. On the contrary, i( my
honorable friend will reflect 4 moment he will
remember that the law which authorizes the
miner to go to the mint or to an assay office
with his product and to receive the gold and
silver coin, of the United States for the full value
of that product is not impaired in the least.
This only authorizes the exchange of the gold
bullion for un parted bars*,
Mr. NYE. Now let me tell my honorable
friend that if he takes a million to the mint at
San Francisco to-day to be assayed to morrow
morning they will give him a million in coin
for it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr. NYE. Very well; then it needs none
of this legislation to say that they will take a
refined bar; they will take it any way. It
needs no additional legislation for that I can
take gold 900 fine, go to the mint in San Fran-
cisco, or ia my own town, and get coin for it
to-morrow morning; not that that bullion is
coined, but it is assayed and its value ascer-
tained, and therefore I get my coin. No man
is obliged to wait until the process is com-
pleted for his money. They have in each of
the mints what they call a bullion fund, a
fund to pay the depositor when the value of
his metal is ascertained. If it is 700 fine they
pay him accordingly; if it is 900 fine they pay
him accordingly. They first ascertain that,
and then pay him the coin; and I may state
still farther that they give him the valne in
coin, irrespective of any loss in refining. The
Government takes the risk of that; and there
is not so mach lost as Senators imagine. My
colleague said it went up the chimney. I guess
it went oat on boots. [Laughter.] I do not
think much gold passes up through the chim-
ney, and never did. Its tendency iB not upward,
but downward. Gravitation has something to
do with gold. This idea of gold going up the
chimney was in a day when the process of coin-
age was not attended to. I trust the day of
coining that kind of gold that goes np the
chimney is done with. Perhaps this mining
and refining company have some process that
Mill prevent it from going up.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask the honorable Sen-
ator if the officers engaged in refining in the
mint did not lose this amount of money, and
if the United States did not loseitall; whereas
if it had been refined by private establishments
the United States.would not have lostadollar?
Mr. NYE. No man in his senses supposed
it was lost in refining. That is all humbug. It
was lost because it was stolen. That is the
plain English of it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Very well; stolen in
refining.
Mr.. NYE. Stolen in refining, or stolen
before it was refined or after, God only knows
which. The officers were dishonest and they
lost it, and the Government ought to be re
sponsible for it. Under the present and the
late direction of the mint there did not any
gold go up the chimney.
Now, Mr. President, the honorable Senator
from Oregon, who understands this question
much better than I'do, says that the great sav-
ing in these private establishments is in using
sulphuric acid in the process of refining. I
expeet he is right. I acknowledge that. I
know that sulphuric acid is cheaper a great
deal than the acid the Government uses by
order of the Mint, itvPhiladelphia. Who dis-
covered that? Mint^nen themselves. A Mr.
Baker, who stands A No. 1, clear up above
those who seek to be his compeers in knowl-
edge, in the employ of the assay office in New
York, made the discovery ; and right ihere, in
that not very sparsely-settled city, on the bord era
of Wall street,' he uses sulphuric acid with per-
fect impunity, and no man complains of it. He
exhausts its fumes in chests as they rise; and
if that can be done in New York it can be done
in Philadelphia; if it. can be done in Philadel-
phia it can be done in California; and if it can
be done in California it can be done in my o wn
State.
Mr. President, when the Senate comes to
sift this project to the bottom, this measure
reajlly proposes nothing that every person has
not a right to do now, to take refined bars to
the Mint and get his pay for them. But it does
not mean to stop there. It means to give this
refining to private institutions. That is what
the amendment is for. Whether the language
conveys the idea I leave honorable Senators
to determine. I can take pure bars to-day to
the' Mint and have them assayed, separated,
and refined, and I can get the gold for them as
quick as their value is ascertained. Then what
is the use of legislation in that respect? Cer-
tainly none. But I repeat that is not the
object of the proposition ; it goes further. It
provides:
That the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby au-
thorized, whenever in his judgment and in the judg-
ment of the Director of the Mint it is for the interest
of the United States to do so, to receive on deposit
at the Mint of the United States and the several
branches thereof refined sold and silver bullion suit-
able for coinage.
Now, stop there. Does any sane man pre-
teud that it needs any legislation to authorize
any mint on this continent or its branch to take
that now and to pay the value of it in coin ?
No, sir. Then what is all this verbiage about?
It does not require any legislation up to that
point. Now, we will proceed :
And in payment thereof to deliver to the parties
making such deposits unparted bars.
There is where it comes in. They are to
take these refined bars and pay for them with
unrefined bars. Does that need legislation ?
No, sir; for the Teason that the Mint can pay
for them now in coin; and is not that as good
as unrefined bars?
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator has stated
up to this point very accurately the meaning
of this proposition, unquestionably ; but here
is thedifficulty: under the law as it now stands
the Mint cannot pay out those unparted bars
for any purpose. They must necessarily refine
them.
Mr. NYE. Precisely.
Mr. SHERMAN. The object of this amend-
ment, and the only object so far as I under-
stand .it, is to authorize this refining process
at private refineries.
Mr. NYE, Outside of the Mint.
Mh SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr. NYE. It is to swap bullion. That is
what it means.
Mr. SHERMAN. And to pay for the re-
fined bullion which is presented at the Mint
unrefined, unparted bars.
Mr. NYE. Precisely so. The honorable
Senator and myself understand it precisely
alike. Now, what is the object? It is toallow
these private establishments to make money
in this refining. Are we to be told that the
United States with all its skill employed can-
not refine with as simple processes as these
ontside refiners? Has it eome to tliis, that the
United States with all its skill cannot do work
