462
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June Y,
IIo. or Reps.
Independence of Cuba—Mr. Banlce.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Mr. Schtjrz writes to the Spanish minister
of State, Sefior Calderon Collantes, July 31,
1861, as follows: "Sir: Yesterday I received
a dispatch from the Secretary of State of the
United States, informing me that the Presi-
dent has read, with the greatest satisfaction,
the proclamation of her Catholic Majesty con-
cerning the unfortunate troubles that have
arisen in the United States; and it affords me
the sincerest pleasure to express to your Ex-
cellency the high sense which the President
entertains of her Majesty's prompt decision
and friendly action upon this occasion."
A measure that is right in itself cannot be
made wrong, because it is in accord with the
practice of all civilized nations; nor can the
action of this Government in defense of its
rights against the policy of Spain in Cuba be
less defensible, because it follows literally and
exactly the precedent of Spain in its action
with regard to the civil war in this country.
All nations have been notified that we should
follow the examples set by other Governments
in their conduct to us, when other methods of
redress of wrongs were closed against us. The
President, in his inaugural address, made that
declaration. ''I would respect the rights of
all nations," he said, "demanding equal re-
spect for our own. If others depart from this
rule in their dealings with us, we may be com-
pelled to follow their precedent." (Inaugural
Address, 4th March, 18G9.)
What objection can Spain make to a procla-
mation of neutrality in the ease of Cuba, iden-
tical with her own "prompt decision and friendly
action" in the case of the United States'/
What objection can the liuropean nations, who
instantly proclaimed their neutrality in the
civil war in this country, urge against the neu-
trality of tho United States in the war between
Spain and Cuba, after llie unparalleled atro-
cities of twent.y-one months and the brutal
murder of scores of American citizens and
repeated insults to our consular and commercial
agents?
Great Britain declared her purpose in regard
to the American rebellion in the House of Com-
mons the Oth of May, twenty-three days
after the attack on Fort Sumter, and before a
single life had been sacrificed, or a drop of
blood had been shed, except in the conflict
between soldiers and citizens in Baltimore,
the 19lh of April, 18G1. Spain issued her
proclamation ot neutrality describing the con-
testants as belligerents, the 17th of June, sixty-
five days after the fail of Fort SumLer, and
before a single life had been sacrificed, except
at Baltimore.
What objection can Spain make to a declar-
ation of neutrality on the part of the United
States in tho Cuban contest after a bloody and
brutal civil war of nearly two years?
The limitations and conditions under which
neutrality should be declared are sternly and
strongly stated by Mr. Adams in his corre-
spondence with Lord John ftussell upon the
Alabama claims. To every position assumed
by him our assent is cheerfully conceded.
" Whenever an insurrection against the es-
tablished Govommcntof a country takes place,
the duty of Governments under obligations to
maintain peace and friendship with it appears
to be, at first, to abstain carefully from- any
step that may have the smallest influence in
affecting the result. Whenever facts occur of
which it is necessary to take notice, either be-
cause they involve the necessity of protecting
personal interests athome or avoiding an impli-
cation in the struggle, then it appears to be just
and right to provide for the emergency by spe-
cific measures, precisely to the extent that may
be required, but no further. It is, then, facts
alone, and not appearances or presumptions,
that justify action. But even these are not to
be dealt with further than the occasion demands;
a rigid neutrality in whatever may be done is,
of course, understood. If, after the lapse of
a reasonable period there be little prospect
of a termination of the struggle, especially if
this be carried on upon the ocean, a recogni-
tion of the parties as belligerents appears to be
justifiable: and at that time, so far as I can
ascertain, such a step has never in fact been
objected to."
It is impossible to affirm that there is the
slightest departure by this Government from
the stern rules laid down by Mr. Adams, either
in its past action on the Cuban question or in
the course now proposed. So far from taking
any step that could affect disadvantageous^
the cause of Spain, we have rendered her im-
portant assistance in the suppression of the
Cuban rebellion. Who can question, in the
face of the record presented to this House by
tho President, that "facts" have occurred
which not only involve, but demand, the pro-
tection of our personal interests at home?
Who can deny, in the face of the constant pro-
tests of the Secretary of State against the out-
rages upon the rights and persons of American
citizens, that it has been difficult for us to avoid
" an implication" in the Cuban struggle? The
record would justify the Government in recog-
nizing the independence of Cuba or a declara-
tion of war; but we propose only "to provide for
the emergency by specific measures, precisely
to tho extent required, but no further." •' It
is," then, " facts alone, and not appearances
or presumptions, that justify (our) action ;"
and this not only " after the lapse of a reason-
able period," but, after a brutal internecine war
of twenty-one months; after nearly two hun-
dred armed conflicts; after the slaughter of
thousands of lives; and when there is not only
"little" but no "prospectofa termination of
the struggle.'' And it is to bo noticed, espe-
cially, that the resolutions proposed follow the
specifications of Mr. Adams in another essen-
tial point—that it contemplates a continuance
of tho strugglcon tho land, andnot "upon the
ocean." It is perfectly within the power of
the Government to maintain the neutrality of
the United States within this limit under the
resolutions for which we ask the favor of the
House.
But while the resolutions are thus within the
almost bloodless schedule of "facts" pre-
scribed by Mr. Adams, it is gratifying to know
that they approach at least tho elevated stand-
ard of action which this Govornment has hith-
erto adopted whenever and wherever the cause
of'liberty has been involved.
The principles which have governed the
American people in cases of this character are
stated by Mr. Webster in his letter, as Secretary
of State, to the representative of tho empire
of Austria, at Washington, December 21,1850.
No State paper was ever more enthusiastically
or unanimously approved by the American peo-
ple than the "HUlsemann letter."
It carries us back to tho doctrines of the
founders of our Government. It recalls the
declaration of Phillimore, the ablest of English
commentators on international law, that the
right of a Government to protect its citizens
wherever commorant, and the right of one
Government to recognise the existence of
another, constitute the foundation of the law
of nations. It is the American protest against
tho doctrines of the Holy Alliance, as expressed
in the Layback circular, that new States could
only be tolerated when recognized by existing
Governments. Had Mr. Webster only lived
to make_ this declaration his life would have
been a victory.
" It is the right of every independent State,"
said Mr. Webster, "to enter into friendly rela-
tions with every other independent State. Of
course questions of prudence naturally arise in
reference to new States, brought by successful
revolution into the family of nations; but it is
not to be required of neutral Powers that they
should await the recognition of the new Gov-
ernment by the present State. No principle
of public law has been more frequently acted
upon within the last thirty years by the great
Powers of the world than this. Within that
period eight or ten new States have estab-
lished independent Governments within the
limits of the colonial dominion of Spain on
this continent; and in Europe the same thing
has been done by Belgium and Greece. The
existence of all these Governments was recog-
nized by some of the leading Powers of Eu-
rope. as well as by the United States, before
it was acknowledged by the States from which
they had separated themselves. If, therefore,
the United States had gone so far as to acknowl-
edge the independence of Hungary, although,
as the result has proved, it would have been a
precipitate step, and one from which no benefit
would have resulted to either party, it would
not, nevertheless, have been an act against
the law of nations, provided they took no part
in her contest with Austria." (Works of Daniel
Webster, volume six, pages 498, 499.)
These are indisputable American doctrines;
but we do not go so far as to ask the House to
apply them in the case of Cuba.
Mr. Canning said, upon the same subject, in
the House of Commons February 4, 1825, that
" as to the propriety of admitting States which
had successfully shaken off their dependence
on the mother country to the rights of nations,
there could be no dispute. There were two
ways of proceeding: were the case more ques-
tionable, recklessly and with a hurried course
to the object, which might soou be reached, or
almost as soon lost; or by another course, so
strictly guarded that no principle was violated
and no offensegiven to other Powers." (Han-
sard's Parliamentary Debates, second series,
volume twelve, page 78.)
" It is not by formal stipulations or solemn
declarations," said Sir James Mackintosh, in
speaking of the proposed acknowledgment of
the Spanish American colonies by Great Brit-
ain, " that we are to recognize the American
States, but by measures of practical policy,
the most conspicuous part of which is the act
of sending or receiving diplomatic agents. It
implies no guarantee. No alliance, no aid, no
approbation of the successful revolt, no inti-
mation of an opinion concerning the justice
or injustice of the means by which it has been
accomplished. The tacit recognition of a new
State, not being a judgment of the new Gov-
ernment. or against the old, is not a deviation
from a perfect neutrality, or a just cause of
offense to the dispossessed ruler." (Mackin-
tosh's Works, page 749.)
But we do not ask the assent of the House to
such self-evident and patriotic doctrines. We
ask only that in tho armed contest in Cuba,
the existence of which it would be a crime to
question, the neutrality of the United States
shall be proclaimed and enforced. We ask for
Cuba nothing but justice; that justice which,
it is said, is the chief concern of mankind.
WHAT IS NEUTRALITY ?
There is no word in the Greek or Latin
tongse that is the exact equivalent to the term
neutral, or neutrality. The reason of this
defect in the ancient languages, says Wheaton,
is evident. The rules of war followed by the
most civilized nations of antiquity did not
Eermit one nation to enjoy peace while neigh-
oring States were engaged in war. The peo-
ple were allies or enemies. That appears now
to be the doctrine of Spain.
The development of the laws of neutrals is
one of the most fruitful and useful conquests
of modern civilization. The neutral States
contribute, in effect, to localize the war, seek-
