2420
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
hero, as I understand, as soon or almost as
soon as those named in the resolution.
Mr. CAMERON. That is not so.
Mr. FENTON. The New York seventh
regiment was here concurrently with those
named.
Mr. CAMERON. Not until some days
afterward. If we had time I would say some-
thing in reply to what the Senator from New
York said about the troops that came from
New York into Pennsylvania. The less for
his State that is said about that the better.
That is all 1 will say now.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator allow me
a single word?
Mr. CAMERON. I give way to the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts.
Mr. WILSON. It appears there is some
feeling about this matter. I think there is no
need of any. The matter is well understood.
When the proclamation went out for troops
men offered their services spontaneously all
over the country in a moment; but it so hap-
pened that on the 18th day of April, 1801, in
the evening, four companies arrived here, the
first troops from Pennsylvania, unarmed, one
company uniformed, being a company of mili-
tia wishing to bo furnished with arms. They
came through Baltimore, were not fired into,
but were assaulted with brickbats and clubs ;
and a black man named Nicholas Biddle was
badly wounded in the head, and came into this
Capitol with the company, and as lie took ofl'
his cap the blood dropped from his wounded
head upon the marble of this Capitol, the first
blood shed in the war. The Massachusetts
sixth regiment came through oil the 19th, hav-
ing started two days before, was fired into in
Baltimore, but being armed came through.
There were troops from Pennsylvania unarmed
on board the same train, but being unarmed
they could notget through Baltimore, and were
turned back.
Now the Senator from Pennsylvania pro-
poses to make what? A simple recognition of
those troops that first arrived in the capital on
the 18th and 10th of April for its defense; but
troops were organizing and militia that were
organized were offering their services sponta-
neously in the West and East and all over the
loyal States. The troops of the eighth Massa-
chusetts regiment and the seventh regiment of
New York came through and reached this cap-
ital on the 23d, only four days after. This
applies simply to those who came in first.
Mr. MORTON. Apply it to those who got
here first.
Mr. CAMERON. I agree to that amend-
ment.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, I should
like to hear some evidence that either the troops
of Massachusetts or those of Pennsylvania ever
arrived in the city of Washington in response
to any proclamation of the President of the
United States calling for troops to defend the
capital. I know that an impression went out
over the country—a groat many persons under-
stood, it has been stated since—that President
Lincoln called for troops to defend the capital.
Now, I should like to see somo evidence of
that. It is not in his proclamation. He did
not call for troops to defend the capital of the
nation, lie called for troops because Fort
Sumter had been fired on, that event which
fired the American heart; and troops from dif-
ferent Slates immediately weree rcwfe. They
came to Washington. But why did they come
to Washington? Not in response to any call
of the President of the United States to defend
the capital; that is an error which has been
long enough indulged in, and it ought not to j
go upon the records of the Senate that the |
President of the United States issued any such I
proclamation. I apprehend that the President
of the United States had too much good sense
to suppose that troops were necessary at that
time to defend the capital of the nation. Port
Sumter, away down in South Carolina, had
been fired upon; and it was immediately after
the firing upon Fort Sumter that lie called for
troops, that the Government might be repos-
sessed of that of which it had been deprived.
This error has gone forth and been suffered
to remain uncontradicted long enough, that
that proclamation called for troops to defend
the capital of the nation. Where were the
troops of any hostile Power within the neigh-
borhood of the capital of the nation 1 None ;
and yet, sir, it has been held up to this country
and proclaimed through this country that when
a call was made upon the people to defend the
capital of the nation there were a certain por-
tion of the American people who would not
respond to that call. Sir, that charge is not
true, and I call for the evidence that thePresi-
dent ever called upon anybody to come here
to defend the capital; and if it be not histor-
ically true, do not let it go into this resolution,
that the arrival of troops in the city of Wash-
ington was in response to a call by the Presi-
dent for troops to defend the capital of the
nation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour having expired, the Georgia bill is regu-
larly before the Senate.
Mr. CAMERON. If the Senate will allow
me, 1 should like to say oue word in response
to the Senator from Delaware.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania asks that the Georgia bill
bo passed over informally to continue this dis-
cussion. The Chair hoars no objection, and
the Georgia bill will be passed over informally,
subject to the call of any Senator for the regu-
lar order.
Mr. CAMERON. The Senator from Dela-
ware is mistaken. The proclamation may not
have said in express words that troops were
wanted here to defend the capital; but I know
that the Secretary of War who was then in
ollice was nearly the whole of the night of the
day of the issuing of the proclamation tele-
graphing all around the country for troops to
defend the capital from organized bodies of
armed men which menaced it, men organized
as troops in Virginia, and who it was supposed
were ready to come here and attack the capital.
This impression was so strong in the minds of
the people here that the population of the town
ran out in crowds, and next morning I myself
saw a carriage load of people with baggage
strapped on behind, going off ata furiousrate ;
the carriage strap broke, the trunks fell off,
and the people never stopped to pick them up.
I remember that Captain Somebody, who be-
came a general in the rebel army, had the com-
mand of a battery here, and he was going to
start off, not only with himself but with his bat-
tery; butsomehow or other the battery did not
got off. He cleared off in a few evenings after,
however, and got across the bridge.
Mr. PO.MEROY. That was the captain who
escorted the President to the White House?
Mr. CAMERON. The same man. He es-
corted the President to the White House, and
I heard him say to the President that headtnired
him and was going to stand by him till the war
was over, lie said that the evening before ho
went away.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I suggest to the hon-
orable Senator from Pennsylvania to modify
his resolution so as to strike out the words
which declare that the troops came here in re-
sponse to the call of the President to defend
the capital. It is not an historical fact that the
President ever did call for troops to defend the
capital.
Mr. CAMERON. I have nothing more to
say, except that I hope the resolution will pass.
Mr. THAYEIi. I doubt not that when a
few more years have elapsed it will be denied
in this Chamber that Fort Sumter was fired
upon; and in a few years longer it will be
denied that a rebellion has existed within the
last twenty years. The President of the United
States called for seventy-five thousand troops,
not to defend Fort Sumter, not because Fort
Sumter had been fired upon, but because this
nation had been fired upon. It was to defend
this nation, and in defending this nation it was
to defend the national capital, the seat of Gov-
ernment. Let me remind the honorable Senator
from Delaware that on the 4th of Mareh, 1861,
not Mr. Lincoln, but the head of the Army
believed that there were men ready in this city
to raise the flag of treason then ana assault the
President of the United States. There wap
reason for precaution ; there was reason for a
call for troops; there was reason for concen-
trating troops right here in the national capi-
tal, to defend it against traitors here; and it
matters not whether the call was to defend the
nation or to defend the capital, the call being
to defend the nation was a call for troops to
defend the capital as well as every other part
of the nation.
Mr. SAULSBURY. The Senator can have
no controversy with me on the subject of which
he is talking. My suggestion is that the reso-
lution be made to conform to the fact. It says
that the call was by the President for troops to
defend the capital. Now, show me the proc-
lamation.
Mr. THAYER. In calling for troops to de-
fend the nation the President called for troops
to defend this capital and every other part of
this land.
Mr. SAULSBURY.' That is pretty much
like the Methodist class-leader's certificate:
"This is to certify that my wife Patience told
mc that her daughter Miranda told her that
old Mrs. Cole told her that her daughter Peggy
told her," &e. [Laughter.]
Mr. NYE. I wish to inquire of the Senator
from Delaware, as wo do not hear him very
distinctly where we sit, whether he claims that
he was the first volunteer here for the defense
of the capital ? [Laughter.]
Mr. SAULSBURY. No, sir; I never pre-
tended to be a volunteer, and neither have I
proclaimed how gloriously I fought the battles
of my country, but I believe that when the
honorable Senator from Nevada was in the
bloodiest fight in which he was ever engaged I
was right along by his side. [Laughter.]
Mr. NYE. I want the truth of history vin-
dicated, and that, I believe, is the object of
this resolution. My simple inquiry of the Sen-
ator from Delaware was whether he claimed
that he was a volunteer for the defense of the
capital. I was not speaking about fighting at
all.
Mr. SAULSBURY. No, Mr. President;
and I think when the honorable Senator vol- -
unteered I was along there, and would have
done so if he had.
Mr. NYE. That shows how ignorant the
honorable Senator is of the history. It is a
matter of history that I did volunteer and
stayed here, though J did not fight any.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Then let me suggest
to the honorable Senator this inquiry : Did he
come here to defend the capital ? [Laughter.]
Mr. NYE. Yes, sir.
Mr. SAULSBURY'. Did he fire a gun?
Mr. NYE. No, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us have the regular
order.
Mr. THURMAN. I rise not to make a
Bpeceh, but to correct a mistake into which I
fell before.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well; I withdraw
the call.
Mr. THURMAN. In speaking of the com-
pany raised by my friend, the Senator from
Alabama, I spoke of it as having reported at
Camp Chase. This was a mere slip of the
tongue. It was the first company raised iti
Ohio, and it was raised the very day after the
proclamation was issued, aud it was put into
Goodale park, in.the city of Columbus. The
Senator from Pennsylvania was quite right in
saying that Camp Chase was not established
until afterward.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that the Senator from Pennsylvania has
modified his resolution, and if there be no
