3364
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
as veil as A, B, C, and D, in the city of Ban
Francisco ?
Mr. SHERMAN. They eannot do it as
cheap.
Mr. NYE. Why? I can tell the Senator
the only reason why. If these private estab-
lishments get the whole of this work they can
do it cheaper, I grant you. What, then, is the
object? To turn the whole bullion of the Pa-
cific coast into this private refining establish*
inent. Who will then lose the wastage in the
process of refining? The man who produces
the bullion. There is the point. Every miner
in my State loses. Every man who takes his
hundred pounds of bullion and is obliged to
run it through this crucible loses, unless this
establishment docs t.ha work at a loss ; and
God forbid that we Bhould have such generous
people on our coast, that they are going to re-
tine bullion for nothing! They do not do that.
This is a swap of material, where the person
who gets the crude bullion wins.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to ask the
Senator a question, with his permission.
Mr. NYE. Certainly.
Mr. WILLIAMS. When the miner takes
his bullion to the Mint it is assayed, and he
receives the full value, of the gold and silver
which he takes there in coin, and the bar be-
comes the property of the United States. Now,
I should like to know how the miner loses any-
thing? He gets the full value of his bullion in
coin after the bar is assayed, and he has no
more to do with the refiuing of that bar than
he has with its coinage, not one particle. He
does not lose a dollar nor a cent, and there is
no way in which it can be fibown.
Mr. NYE. Who does loseit?
Mr. WILLIAMS. There is no loss about it.
Mr. NYE. Then what is the object of the
Bwap between your crude bullion and the re-
fined ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I say the object is to
enable the United States to dispense with the
business of refining, because these private
refineries can do it for less money thau the
United States; as haB been demonstrated by
experience; and the fact is now that out of
more than fifty millions of gold refined in San
Francisco two thirds of it to-day is refined by
these private refineries. The object of this
amendment is simply to allow the Secretary
of the Treasury to authorize the balance of it
to be refined in the same way.
Mr. NYE. I deny the proposition in toto that
these people can refine, except in increased
quantities, any cheaper than the Government
of the United States. They have no better
aeid. They use the same as the Government;
They have no betteir tools, no better machinery
than the Government. If they can do it
cheaper, it is because of the increased quan-
tity that is to be given to them. There is where
I started, and where I get back; and to get
that quantity you have got to give them the
eontrolof tke buHion trade of the Pacific coast.
Now, sir, I will go. a little further, and say,
in reply to the honorable Senator from Ohio,
that I think his argument is unsound; that it
does not need legislation to do what he says is
proposed. If a person wishes to take crude
bullion or unrefined bars instead of coin, what
law exists now that prevents the Director of
the Mint from paying him in that way? He
would count it as coin. The Director of the
Mint might just as well, after he had assayed
this bullion, pay in unrefined bullion as to pay
in coin, if he did not overpay the value or it.
He Would be held to account for what he re-
ceived ; and in whatever way he accounts for
it, it is a•foil receipt to him.
Now, Mn President, here is a part of the
proposition to which I desire to call attention:
Unparted bars, at such rates and upon such terms
and regulations as shall be prescribed by the Director
Of th,e Mint, subject to the approval of the Secretary
of the Treasury.
What is that arrangement to be? Does not
that mean in terms that the Secretary of the
Treasury may niake sttch allowances for this
refining as in his judgment he sees fit ? There
comes in tbfe compensation to these private
establishments. For instance, he says, " I will
give you such an additional per cent, in crude
bullion if you will return me refined bullion."
Who, then, is to get your scraps and your scrap-
ings and your leavings that have become, as we
are told here, valued at thousands and hun-
dreds of thousands a year? This letter that I
have read from the melter And refiner of the
tnint at 8an Francisco says that it amounts to
five hundred ounces a year, and each ounce
of that is worth eighteen dollars ; and that he
says the Government saves. By this arrange-
ment the Government would lose it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will the Sen-
ator yield to me to make a motion for a recess?
Mr. NYE. Certainly. •
Several Senators. No, no.
Mr. CONKL1NG. Can we not finish this
bill to-day without taking a recess and without
an evening session?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have very little
hone that we can do so.
Mr. NYE. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. HOWE. Has the Senator from Maine
any faith that he will accomplish anything by
an evening session?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am somewhat
doubtful about it; but I deem it my duty to
propose it to the Senate for fear I might be
censured for not attempting it at least, and it
seems to be the only course which we can pur-
sue.
Mr. HOWE. We did not do anything last
night.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. All I desire to
say to the Senate is, that if it is the pleasure of
the Senate to meet here to-night I shall be
very glad to go on with this bill; bnt if we are
to prbpose a recess, and then, as was the case
during the last two nights, have no quorum,
we ahhll accomplish but little.
Mr. CONKLING. Would not the Senator
prefer an agreement that we stay here and sit
the bill out to-night ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should bo very
glad, indeed, if we conld do so.
Mr. CONKLING. Why not agree to stay
here and 6it the bill out now ?
Mr. SUMNER. There is a reason why we
should not. I think there are a great many
other amendments to be irloved on this bill,
and then the bill has not yet been taken out
of committee,' and therefore all that has been
done will be open to consideration again in
the Senate. The Senator is awaTe that there
are seVeral propositions to be offered which
will probably cause debate in the Senate.
Mr- CONKLING). That la no truer now
tian it will be to-morrow.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If it is the
pleasure of the Senate to continue: the session,
or at any rate to*eontiriue it until we get the
bill out of committee, I make no proposition
for a recess,
Mr. SHERMAN. I. think we had better
come back here at seven or half past seven
o'clock, and sit the bill out to-night.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope we shall sit it
oat to-night.
Mr, SHERMAN. If we should continue
to sit right on now, at six o'clock the Senate
would be without a quorum.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not sup-
pose I can make this motion without general
consent, I appeal, then,to_the Senate for gen-
eral cons*nt to submit to a motion for a recess
at five o'clock until half past seven o'clock.
We are now within twenty minutes of five
o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair.) Is there objection to the
motion of the Senator from Maine ?
Mr. CASSERLY. i I think it ought to be
understood that the meeting this evening is to
be for the purposes of this bill.
Mr.. MORRILL, of Maine. Entirely.
Mr. STEWART. We had better have it
understood, because somebody may stay away.
Mr. RAMSEY. We cannot secure a quorum
with that understanding.
Mr. CASSERLY. Then I shall vote against
the motion if we cannothave that understanding.
Mr. TRUMBCJLL. I do not think there is
the least probability of finishing this bill to-
night. There are numerous amendments to be
offered to it, some of which will give rise to
debate. There is no chance of finishing it to-
night, and I think it would be useless to make
such an attempt.
Mr. SUMNER. It is utterly impossible.
Mr. CONKLING. We have frequently heard
that it was impossible to do things, and some-
times we have seen them done after we had
heard that. Whatever progress we make with
this bill to night will be clear gain. If its pro-
gress should carry us to the end, so much the
better. If it stops short of the end, still it is
clear gain. I hope we shall have an evening
session, and I venture to suggest to the honor-
able Senator from Maine that he give notice
as a part of his motion that he will ask the
Senate to stay here and sit out this bill if it can
be done within the limits of reasonable hours.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I beg leave to say to the
Senator from New York that we had an even-
ing session last night; 1 was here and I do not
now remember that I had the pleasure ofseeing
the Senator from New York. Probably I did,
but if so I have forgotten it now.
Mr. CONKLING. That shows what a very
short memory the Senator has.
Mr. TRUMBULL. At any rate, I was here
myself ibr several hours, ana I am not aware
that we made any progress at all. I do not
think we were any further advanced when we
came here this morning than we should hare
been if we had not met last evening; and I
think we shall have the same experience if we
come here to-night.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to state to the Senate
that to-morrow morning I shall ask them to
take up the Army bill and settle it if possible.
Mr. DRAKE; I move that the Senate do
bow adjourn.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope not.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 82, noes 20i
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think I had
better demand the yeas and nays on this
motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONKLING. All who want to stay
here and dispose of this bill will vote " nay."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
1 resulted—yeas 30, nays 21; as follows:
YE AS—Messrs. Bayard, Boreman, Casserly, Drake,
Fenton, Flanagan, Hamilton of Texas, Harris, John-
ston, Kellogg, MoCrei«ry, McDonald, Mortou, Nye,
Osborn, Patterson, pratt, Ramsey, Rice, Robertson,
; Scott, Silencer, Sprague, Stockton, Sumner, Thayer,
! Thurroan. TrumouiU Victors, and Yatea—30.
NAYS — Messrs. Ames. Buckingham, Chandler,
Cole, Conkling, Graft in, Edmunds, Harlan, How?,
Howell, Morrill of Maine, Pomeroy, Ross. Schurt,
Sherman, Stewart, Tipton, Warner, Willey. Williams,
and Wilson—21.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Brownlow,
Cameron. Carpenter, Cattell, Corbett, Davis, ferry.
Fowler, Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin,
: Howard, Lewis, Morrill,of Vermont, Norton, Pool,
Revels, Saulsbury. and Sawyer—21.
j So the motion was agreed to ; and the Sen-
■ ate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, May 11, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Botlee.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
PAY OF MEMBERS, ETC.
Mr. BEAMAN, byunanimous consent, from
the Committee on Appropriations, reported a
bill (H. R. No. 1977) to supply deficiencies in
the appropriations for the compensation and
mileage of members of the House of Repre-
sentatives and Delegates from the Territories
