1476
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
Edward county, Virginia; of John M. Sandidge, {
Louisiana; of Z. T. Ross, Culpepper county,
Virginia; of AlbanS. Payne, Fauquiercounty, ;
Virginia; of William B. Shands, Southampton
county, Virginia; of John Camper, Prince Wil-
liam county, Virginia; of R. C. McCarty, Lou-
don county, Virginia; of Hiram H. Wall,
Lunenburg county, Virginia; of R. W. Pen-
dleton, Amherst county, Virginia; of S. R.
Johnson, Mecklenburg county, Virginia; of
E. C. Winn, Lunenburg county, Virginia; of
Howell E. Warren, Prince Edward county, Vir-
ginia; of SamuelM. Garland, Amherst county,
Virginia; of Charles T. Jesse, Caroline county,
Virginia; of J. C. Stanard, Richmond, Virginia;
of N. B. Harvey. Virginia; of James M. Harris,
Nelson county, Virginia; of Charles C. Harvey,
Charlotte county, Virginia; of R. I. Cocke,
Buckingham county, Virginia; of W. M. Mar-
shall, Charlotte county, Virginia; of W. C.
Booth, Amelia county, Virginia; of J. W. Bev-
eridge, Richmond, Virginia; of J. L. Mason,
Mecklenburg county, Virginia, praying for the
removal of their political disabilities; which
were referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
message from tub house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Cle k,
announced that the House had agreed to the
concurrent resolution of the Senate to print
additional copies of the annual report of the
Commissioner of Patents for the year 1869.
senators ff&om georgia.
Mr. STEWART. I present the credentials
of Hon. Henry P. Farrow, and also the cre-
dentials of Richard H. Whiteley, Senators-elect
from the State of Georgia, and ask that they
be read and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The Secretary read the credentials of Mr.
Farrow, as follows:
state of qeokoia.
By his Excellency Rcws b. bollock,
Governor of taid State. '
To Hon. iikxry P. fabrow, greeting ■" !
Whereas by the third section of the first article 1
of the Constitution of the United States of America
it is ordered and established that the Senate of the
United States "shall be composed of two Senators
from each State, chosen by the Legislature thereof,
for the term ot six years
And whereas the General Assembly of the State
of Georgia did, by viva voce Vote thereof, on the 15th
day of February, 1870, elect you, the said Henry P.
Farrow, to be one of the Senators from this State in
the Congress of the United States, to serve the unex-
pired term ending 4th March, 1873 :
These are, therefore, to authorize and commission
you, the said Henry P. Farrow, to take session in
the Senate of the United States forthwith, to use
and exercise all and every the privilege and powers
which you may or can do, in and by virtue of tho
said commission in behalf of this State.
Given under my hand and the great seal of the
State at tho capital, in the city of Atlanta, this 16th
day of February, in the year of our Lord 1870, and
of the Independence of the United States of America \
the ninety-fourth.
By the Governor: DAVID G. COTTING, 1
Secretary of Slate.
hires b. bollock, Governor.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I do not
know about referring that paper to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. There is a law of
Congress which prescribes the manner in which
the election of Senators of the United States
shall take place, and the manner in which their
election shall be authenticated to the Senate.
There is nothing in the Constitution of the
United States or in any act of Congress which
authorizes any Governor of any State to com-
mission any man a Senator of the UnitedStates.
It does not appear from this paper when this
party was elected Senator, nor whether he was
elected in accordance with the law of Congress,
nor is his election certified in any way to the
President of the Senate as the law requires.
I do not see why we should refer a paper of
that kind to any committee of this body. It
is not in accordance with oar own laws, and
it purports to do what no Governor of any
State has any right to do, commission a man
as Senator of the United States.
Mr. FERRY. Let it go to the committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
another credential to be read.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the bill will be
read, and as the Constitution as well as the
law allows cach House to be the judge of the
qualification and election of its own members,
1 think this is a very suitable reference, in
order that the committee may inquire into the
facts; and on that account I think the papers
should be referred.
Mr. DRAKE. Unless I did not hear the
paper read correctly, it does not comply in
any single particular with the law passed by
Congress.
Mr. POMEROY. Let us have the other
read and see how that is.
Mr. DRAKE. They are both, I suppose, in
the same form; but I contend that we have no
right whatever to disregard utterly the laws we
ourselves pass. We know nothing at all of the
election of this man, and we know not by whom
he was elected. We know not when he was
elected. We know not whether he was elected
in any particular in accordance with the act of
Congress. Now, sir, why should we pass a law
and then pay no sort of attention to it?
Mr. STEWART. I should like to ask the
Senator from Missouri why, if credentials come
here, we are to act upon them without any
investigation whatever, no matter what form
they are in ? It seems to me it is a matter of
sufficient importance to entitle it to an investi-
gation by a committee.
Mr. DRAKE. I object to this paper because
it is not a credential. It is not a credential
in the sense of the Constitution and lSws of
Congress regarding it. It does not specify
how and when and where this man was elected
Senator. It commissions him Senator, and
no Governor has any right to commission any
man as a Senator of the United States. A
Senator is not a commissioned officer. He is
elected by a Legislature and sent here, and we
are to be the judges upon the face of his papers
whether he has been elected according to the
act of Congress. But here is a document
which does not show a single fact, pays no
more attention to the act of Congress than if
it had no existence. Why should we refer a
document of that kind to the committee to go
into as outside investigation whether this man
was duly elected as a Senator ? I insist upon
the observance of the law passed by the two
Houses of Congress.
Mr. FERRY. I move that both the creden-
tials be laid upon the table for the present.
Mr. STEWART. I hope the Senator will
withdraw that motion for a moment. I do not
think that is fair without a statement.
Mr. FERRY. If we can get to a vote I will
withdraw the motion. I am very anxious, if
possible, to get up the veto message of the
President on the bill for the relief of Rollin
White. In my judgment it cannot be acted on
for at least a month yet, unless it is acted on
to-day.
Mr. STEWART. I tried to get both the cre-
dentials read from the desk, but I have failed.
I have them here.
Mr. FERRY. One has been read.
Mr. STEWART. That is true, but its con-
tents have been stated in a manner which I
think is mistaken.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Connecticut withdraw his motion?
Mr. FERRY. Yes, sir.
Mr. STEWART. Now let us see whether
this paper has been correctly stated. It recites:
"And whereas the General Assembly of the State
of Georgia did, by viva voce vote, on the loth day of
February, 1870"—
There is the date—
"elect you, tho said Henry P. Farrow, to be one
of the Senators from this State in the Congress of
the United States, to serve the unexpired term end-
ing 4th March, 1873."
It states the date of the election, and the
fact that he was elected on a certain day, and
by the General Assembly, which is the name
of the Legislature of the State of Georgia, by its
constitution. He was elected by the Legisla-
ture of the State of Georgia, on a certain day,
to serve for a certain term. These are the
facts.
Mr. DRAKE. The law requires the facts to
be certified to the President of the Senate;
and it is required to appear that the election
was on a certain day, with reference to the
meeting of the General Assembly. That does
not appear here at all, in any shape whatever.
Mr. NYE. I suggest to the Senator from
Missouri that if these papers do not amount
to anything this committee can tell us so. Let
us refer the papers and let the committee exam-
ine them.
Mr. STEWART. I do not think there is the
slightest force in the objection of the Senator
from Missouri.
Mr. POMEROY. I wish to reply in a word
to the Senator from Missouri, who says that
no Senator is an officer of any State, and can-
not be commissioned as such. If he is not an
officer of the State he is not an officer of the
United States, because no State can make an
officer of the UnitedStates. But I remember
that that question was once decided by the
Senate. There was an impeachment many years
ago in the case of a Senator from Tennessee.
Articles were brought from the House of Rep-
resentatives impeaching a Senator for some
connection with the Indians, and the Senate
commenced the trial of the case. A demurrer
was filed to the jurisdiction of the Senate on
the ground that he was not an officer of the
United States, and that demurrer was sustained
by the Senate and the case dismissed, showing
that he was regarded by the Senate as an officer
of the State and not of the United States.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. As the
motion applies to both credentials, the one
that has not been read will be read if there be
no objection.
The Chief Clerk read the credentials of Mr.
Whiteley, as follows:
state of oeoboia.
By his Excellency rdfus B. bullock,
Governor of taid State.
To Hon. richard H. whiteley, greeting :
Whereas by the third section of the first article
of the Constitution of the United States of America
it is ordered and established that the Senate of the
UnitedStates shall be "composed of two Senators
from e<ich State, chosen by the Legislature thereof
for the term of six years
And whereas the General Assembly of the State
of Georgia did, by viva voce vote thereof, on the
15th day of February, 1870, elect you, the said Rich-
ard H. Whiteley, to be one of the Senators from this
State in the Congress oi the United States, to servo
tho unexpired term ending 4th March, 1871:
These are therefore to authorize and commission
you, the said Richard H. Whitely, to be one of the
Senators from this State in the Congress of the
United States, to servo the unexpired term ending
4th of March, 1871.
These are therefore to authorize and commission
you, the said Richard H Whiteley, to take session in
the Senate of theUnuedStates forthwith, to use and
exercise all and every the privilege and powers which
you may or ean do in and by virtue of the said com-
mission, in behalf of this State,
Given under my hand and the great seal of the
State at the capitol, in the city of Atlanta, this 16th
day of February, in the year of our Lord 1870, and
of the Independence of the United States of America
the ninety-fourth.
By the Governor: DAVID G. COTTING.
Secretary of State.
rufits B. bullock, Governor.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, that paper is
one that this Senate should not entertain. It
I is in utter disregard of law; and I call atten-
| tion to the closing language of it- 
Mr. STEWART. I ask leave, under the
i circumstances, to withdraw both these creden-
I tials for the present; and I shall present them
; hereafter, when there is time to discuss the
question. The Senator from New York [Mr.
Conkling] desires to submit some remarks
j this morning, and this is occupying time that
he should have. I ask the Senate to allow me
to withdraw these credentials for the present.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the Senator will
be allowed to withdraw them.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there
