164
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December Id,
eity of Portland, Oregon, to erect, or cstuss to
be erected, a bridge, with, diverging roadways
and footways and double draws, over and across
the Willamette river, between the city of Port-
land -aiid^the east bank of the river, at any time
within six years after the passage of the act.
The bridge is'to'be so constructed and built as
not to. obstruct, impair, or injuriously modify
the navigation of the river;- and in order to
secure a'compliance with these conditions'the
corporation, association, or company propos-
ing to erect it, previous to commencing the con-
struction of the bridge,- is: to submit to the
' Secretary of War apian of the bridge, with a
detailed "map of the river at the propbsed site
and for the distance of a mile above and below
the site, exhibiting the depths and currents at
all points of the same, together with all other
information touching the bridge and river which
may be deemed requisite by the Secretary of
W^r to determine whether the bridge when
built will conform to the prescribed conditions
uf the bill—not to obstruct, impair, or injuri-
ously modify:the navigation of the river. The
Secretary of War may detail an officer to super-
intend the survey and.examination of the river
with a view to,'the location of the bridge.
The Secretary of War is directed, upon re-
ceiving the plan and map and other i nformation,
and upon being satisfied that a bridge built 011
such plan and at said locality will conform to
the prescribed" conditions of the bill, not to
obstruct, impair, or ityiiriously modify the nav-
igation of the river, to notify the corporation,
association, or company proposing to erect it
that he approves the sape ; and upon receiving
such notification the corporation, association,
or "company may proceed to the erection of the
bridge, conforming strictly to the approved plan
and location. But until the Secretary of war
approve the plan and location of the bridge
and notify the corporation, association, or com-
pany of the same, the bridge shall not be built
or commenced. The corporation of the city
of Portland is authorized, and empowered, so
i'ar as Congress has the power to grant the
same, to make such rules and regulations for
the care of the bridge tmd for the regulation
and collection Of tolls" for crossing on it as
they shall deem just and reasonable.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 337) to provide reporters
for the circuit courts of the United States;
which was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. RICE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 338)
to encourage the establishment of a line of
steamships under the flag of the Union for the
conveyance of the mails of the United States
to European ports and ports of India and China
by way of the Suez canal, and for promoting
emigration from Europe to the southern States
of the Union, and reducing the rates of ocean
postages ; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. RICB. I wish to say in connection with
the introduction of that bill that I introduce
it upon request, the Senator who is to have
charge of it not being present. I have not
examined it myself. 1 move its reference to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
and that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BOREMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No; 339) giving priority to certain cases to
which a State is a party in the courts of the
United States; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill(S.No.
340) to establish a bureau of customs-revenue;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Finance, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SUMNER asked,, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 341) providing that acts of the several
departments shall not be called in question by
other departments, and fixing the limits of the
judicial power; which was read twice by its
title, and ordered to lieonthe table, and be
printed.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
_consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution .(S. R. No. 81) declaratory and
amendatory of the act entitled "An act to pro-
vide for an American line of mail and emigrant
passenger steamships between New York and
one or more European ports," passed July
27, 1868; which was read" twice by its title,-
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads, and ordered to be printed. -
ACCOUNTS OF JOIIN W. FORNEY.
Mr. CRAGIN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 80) to close the accounts of
John W. Forney, late Secretary of the Senate;
which was read twice by }ts title.
Mr. CRAGIN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate for the present consideration
of this joint resolution. It simply proposes to
give the Comptroller of the Treasury the right,
John W. Forney having settled his accounts,
to transfer certain credits on the books of the
Treasury so as to balance the debits. The
resolution will explain itself when read.
Mr. SUMNER. Let it be reported in full.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will first be
reported at length, after which the Chair will
ask for objections, if there be any.
The Secretary read the joint resolution. It
provides that, in order to close the accounts
of John W. Forney, late Secretary of the Sen-
ate, on the books of the Treasury, the Comp-
troller of the Treasury be authorized to bring
such credit balances as have been found due to
him an account of such appropriations as have
been exhausted to his debit oil certain other
appropriations in which balances have been
found against him, he having already satisfied
the entire balance which has been found due
by him on the final settlement of his accounts.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there any
Objection to the immediate consideration of the
joint resolution?
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to say a word
before it is disposed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not know whether it is yet before the Senate.
Does the Senator reserve the right to object ?
Mr. CAMERON. Nobody has objected, I
believe.
The VICE PRESIDENT.^ The Senator from
Pennsylvania asks the unanimous consent of
the Senate to speak in regard to the resolution
before the Chair asks for objections to its con-
sideration. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to say a word on
this subject, and I deem it my duty to do so,
for it will be remembered by the Senate that I
made some objection to the accounts of Mr.
Forney some months ago. I have since satis-
fied myself that so far from having done wrong
himself, Mr. Forney was the subject of wrong;
that his confidential officer improperly used
some of the funds to the great injury of Mr.
Forney. I have stated that I considered it my
duty to say this because when a man has done
wrong to another I believe it to be his duty to
do all that he can to correct that wrong. I
have no doubt now, from an examination, that
Mr. Forney's accounts are closed, and that it
has been done by funds from his own purse or
from those of his friends, and that the Govern-
ment has not lost a cent, while Mr. Forney has
lost largely. I hope the resolution will pass.
Mr. CRAGIN. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania has a letter from the Second Comp- !
troller of the Treasury which I should like to
have read.
Mr. .CAMERON. I send a letter from the
Second Comptroller to the desk, and ask that_
it be read.
The Secretary read as follows;
Treasury Dei'aktmen-t,
First Comptroller's Opviars, - -
December 11, 1869,
Sir : The following 13 the state of your account's
as they appear at this date on the books of the Treas-
ury, namely:
I?or compensation and mileage of United States Sen-
ators, &«., per report, No. 170105, there remainsa
balance Hue to the United States of. .$23,308 08
For "miscellaneousitems," per report No.
165770, there remains a balance due to
you: of, $21,050 20
For '"furniture," repairs." &e., per
report No. 162592, there remains
a balance due to yon of.  1,072 56
For "clerks to committees, pages,
horses," &c., per report No.
165788, there" remains a balance
due to you of.    ' 581' 20
— 22,714 02
Leaving a balance due the United States of, $594-06
By amount deposited by you with the Treasurer
of the United States, December 10,1869, and to be
covered in to your credit on account of compensation
and mileage of United Stales Senators, $59-t 00.
Which closes your accounts in the books of the
Treasury. ' " -
Very respectfully, ■■ •
■  - P.. W. TAYLOR, Comptroller.
Hon. John W. Forney, . , .
Late Secretary of United States Senate. . '
The VICE- PRESIDENT,^ If there be no.
objection the joint resolution is before the Sen-
ate as in Committee of the Whole.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
OBITUARY ADDRESSES.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, submitted the
following resolution ; which was referred to the
Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That there be published in pamphlet
form for the use of the Senate three thousand copies,
and five thousaud copies for the use of the House,
of the addresses made in the Senate and House of
Representatives on the occasion of the announce-
ment of the death of Hon. "William Pitt Fessendens
GOVERNMENT LAND IN FLORIDA.
Mr. OSBORN submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, 1. That the Secretary of the Navy bo
requested to report to the Senate what amount of
land, if any, is claimed, held, or occupied by the
Navy department for naval or other pui poses in the
State of 1 lorida.
2. That the Secretary of War bo requested to report
to the Senate what amount of land, if any, is
claimed, held, or occupied by tho War Department
lor military or other purposes in the State of Flor-
ida.
PUBLIC MEETINGS IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr. WILSON. I offer the following resolu-;
tion, and ask for its present consideration :
_ Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
instructed to consider and report if any further legis-
lation is necessary tor the protection of public meet-
ings in the District of Columbia.
There being no objection the Senate p'ro;
ceeded to consider the resolution. '*
Mr. WILSON. I desire to ask the especial
consideration of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary to this resolution. I introduce it for the
reason that in the District of Columbia meetings
have recently been interrupted continuously. I
hold that every body of persons in this country-
has the right peaceably to assemble and ought
to be protected.
The resolution was adopted.
MERGER CASE.
Mr. THURMAN. I offer the following reso-
lution, and ask forits immediate consideration:
Resolved, That tho Attorney General be requested
to miorm the Senate immediately if any arrange-
ment, to which lie on the part of the United States is
a party, exists whereby Yerger, of Mississippi, now
Pu ?f an(i hold by the military authorities of
the United States, will be discharged or turned over
to the civil authorities of the State of Mississippi, or
otherwise disposed of in ease Congress by ivny legis-
lation should take away or resUicl tho juri*dipfcioa
