4308
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
.Mr. CHANDLER. Let it be read for in-
formation.
' Mr. THURM AN. Why do yon want it read
when its consideration is objected to?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
rot in the chair.) Objection is made, and
the next bill will be proceeded with.
j. w. NICHOLS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 400) for the relief of Major J. W.
Nichols, paymaster United States Army.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand there is
objection to that bill. The Senator from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Howe,] who is not in his seat,
has some objection to it. I do not know any-
thing about it myself.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think he examined the
papers and withdrew his objection. I gave
him the papers myself.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I know nothing about
it myself.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is
objected to, and will be passed over.
telegraph links.
Mr. COLE. The next bill is Senate bill
No. 338.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
bill is Senate bill No. 117, to encourage and
facilitate telegraphic communication between
the eastern and western continents. This bill,
the Chair understands, was set aside for con-
sideration among the bills reported by the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CHANDLER. Notatall; I have more
bills than I can pass.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then it will
be proceeded with unless objection be made.
Mr. SUMNER. I think it had better not
be proceeded with now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
passed over.
preservation 01? harbors.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 424) to preserve the harbors of the
United States against encroachment.
Mr. VICKERS. That is objected to.
mail steamships.
Mr. COLE. Senate bill No. 338 has been
overlooked. It is a bill to encourage the estab-
lishment of a line of steamships under the
flag of the Union for the conveyance of the
mails of the United States to European ports,
and ports of India and China, by way of the
Suez canal, and for promoting emigration from
Europe to the southern States of the Union,
and reducing the rates of ocean postages.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that that bill was moved as a sub-
stitute for another bill. Is the Chair correct ?
Mr. MeDONALD. The Chair is correct.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ The bill is
therefore not in this place, but in the place
of the bill for which it was substituted.
Mr. MeDONALD. It stands at the head
of the Calendar of regular orders.
Mr. COLE. Very well.
montana troops.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 519) to provide for the settlement and
payment of the expenses incurred by the terri-
torial authorities of Montana for troops during
the year 1867.
Mr. WILSON. Let that be passed over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be passed over.
lorenzo and ii. ii. thomas.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 122) for the relief
of Lorenzo Thomas, jr., and Henry E. Thomas.
Mr. SPENCER. I object to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
passed over.
construction of railroads.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 526) to promote commerce among the
States, and to cheapen transportation of the
mails and of military and naval stores..
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This bill was
reported from the Committee on Commerce,
and is one of those bills designated for consid-
eration on Tuesday next.
Mr. CHANDLER. No, it is not; I beg
the Chair's pardon. The Committee on Com-
merce has twenty or thirty bills for that day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. ;This will
be proceeded with, then, unless objection be
made.
Mr. VICKERS. It is objected to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
is made, and the bill will be passed ovdr.
montana troops.
Mr. WILSON. I withdraw my objection to
Senate bill No. 519, in regard to the Montana
troops, because it is in different form from
what I supposed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I renew the objection.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope the assignment
of bills from the Committee on Commerce for
a particular day will not operate as a bar to
their consideration now, if there be no other
objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will not
so operate unless some Senator objects.
Mr. ANTHONY. Very well.
* columbia river and pdoet sound railroad.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 514) granting lands to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad and telegraph line from
Columbia river to Puget sound.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that that be indef-
initely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
sea island lands.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 252) to provide for the sale of certain
lands and lots on the sea islands of Beaufort
county, South Carolina, and for other purposes.
Mr. DAVIS. I object to that bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
passed over.
judicial salaries.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 306) to increase the salaries of the
Chief Justice and associate justices of the
Supreme Court of the United States.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That is incorporated in
the appropriation bill. I move that it be indef-
initely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
freedom of transit.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 290) to secure and protect the freedom
of transit within the United States, which was
reported adversely by the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will put the question on the indefinite post-
ponement of the bill.
Mr. CARPENTER. 1 wish that bill to be
passed over now. I desire to speak upon it
when it is reached.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The objec-
tion takes precedence, and the bill will be
passed over.
passenger taxes.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 93) declaring that
no State has power to enforce any tax or duty
upon any passenger traveling into, through, or
from, to any other State, Territory, or district
of the United States, and has no power by con-
tract with any corporation or individual engaged
in the transportation of passengers, or as a
condition in any charter to reserve to itself any
portion or part of the gross receipts from such
passengers, and that it is the duty of Congress,
by appropriate legislation, to prevent the col-
lection of such taxes or duties upon passengers,
reported by the Committee on the Judiciary
adversely.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will put the question on the adverse report, or
the indefinite postponement of the joint reso-
lution.
The joint resolution was indefinitely post-
poned.
oregon volunteers.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 53) to pay two companies of Oregon
volunteers, which was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to extend
the act of Congress entitled " An act to author-
ize the Secretary of War to settle and adjust
the expenses of the Rogue river Indian war,"
approved the 17th of July, 1854, to the two
companies of Oregon volunteers commanded
by Captains Jesse Walker and Nathan Olney,
called into service to suppress Indian hostilities
in Oregon in 1854.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is pretty old. I
should like to have the report read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The accom-
panying report will be read if there be no
objection.
The Chief Clerk read the following report,
submitted by Mr. Schurz from the Committee
on Militarv Affairs on the 15th of February,
1870:
The Committee on Military Affairs, to whom was
referred Senate bill No. 53, entitled " A bill to pay
two companies of Oregon volunteers," beg leave to
present tho following report:
It appears that in the summer of 1851. when the
emigrant trains began to arrive in Oregon Territory
from the East, bloody outrages were committed by
Indianson the emigrant routes, and that themihtary
forces of tho United States stationed on tho Pacific
coast were insufficient to afford the necessary pro-
tection.
Major Rains, commanding Tort Dalles, reported
to General Wool, commanding the department of the
Pacific, that on August 20, at Boise river, the Indians
had attacked an emigrant traan, killing eight men
and carrying away four women and five children as
captives; that Bievet Major Haller, with two other
officers anil twenty-six soldiers, had been dispatched
to the scene of the massacre; that a volunteer com-
pany of thirty-seven men had offered, boon accepted,
and iurnishod with arms, hordes, ammunition, and
rations, and had been sent to the field on August 31.
Prom Major ffa,Her's field-return of September 30 it
appears that this volunteer company, under Captain
Olney, joined him at Butter creek on Septembers,
and thenceforward formed part of Major Hallor's
battalion, and cooperated with him in his operations
under bis command until discharged.
Another company of volunteers was called out bv
the Governor of the Territory of Oregon, through
Colonel E. Boss, commanding ninth regiment Oregon
militia, to operate on the southern road for the pro-
tection of tho immigration. This company, com-
manded by Captain Jesse Walker, remained in the
field about three months. The necessities of the oa-e,
the manner in which the volunteers were called out,
and tho meritorious services rendered by them are
fully set forth in llouse Miscellany Document No.
47, Thnly-fiUli Congress, second session.
In neither caso-were the volunteers called into
service by the authorities of the United States Cap-
tain Olney'scompany was indeed "accepted," armed,
and equipped, and incorporated m a battalion by a
military officer of tho United States. There is no
evidence that Captain Jesse Walker's company en-
tered into any similar relations with United States
authorities. 11 is only mentioned in a letter addressed
by General Wool to tho War Department, dated at
San Francisco, September 14,1851, as " a company of
volunteers having been mustered into service by the
authority of the Governor of Oregon." But it ap-
pears from the testimony before the committee, and
mainly set forth in the congressional document above
mentioned, that the services performed by these vol-
unteers were necessary, and should have boon per-
formed by United States troops, had the military
forces of the United States on the Pacific coast been
sufficient in numbers. Of this insufficiency frequent
complaint was made by the commander of tho de-
partment of the Pacific to the War Department, hut
these complaints brought no relief, for the reason that
the Government had no troops at its disposal to meet
the exigencies of the ease.
The committee, therefore, recommend the passage
of the bill, so amended as to strictly confine its oper-
ation to the two companies abovo mentioned.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
osacis indian lands.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 529) for the sale of the Great and Little
Osage Indian reservation in the State of Kan-
sas, and for the settlement of said Indians in
the Indian territory.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This subject
