1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE .
463
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Independence of Cuba—Mr. Banks.
Ho. of Reps.
ing, as far as possible, to extend and pro-
tect the interests of peace. (Bluntsehli, page
There are degrees of neutrality. Strict neu-
trality implies that a State stands entirelyaloof
from the operations of war, giving no assist-
ance or countenance to either belligerent.
Impartial neutrality is where both belliger-
ents have equal liberty to pusue operations
of war, or to purchase military stores within
the neutral's territory. Neutrals must be im-
partial ; and Powers, not parties to the war,
must treat both belligerents alike as friends.
(Woolsey's International Law, page 351.)
The essence of neutrality, says Hautefeuille,
is—
1. The most perfect impartiality.
2. Abstaining absolutely from all hostile
acts. (Hautefeuille, vol. 1, page 370.
General neutrality, says Hiibner, is the con-
dition of a nation that, without allying itself
to any of the belligerent parties in a war, is
ready to extend to any and all of them the aid
which is due from one State to another. The
neutral is the common friend of both parties,
and consequently is not at liberty to favor one
party to the detriment of the other. (Law-
rence's Wheaton, page 697.)
Bynkershoek states it to be the duty of neu-
trals "to be in every way careful not to inter-
fere in the war, and to do equal and exact
justice to both parties."
Neutrality consists in entire inaction relative
to the war; and in exact and perfect impar-
tiality manifested by acts in regard to the bel-
ligerents, so far as that impartiality has rela-
tion to the war and to the means direct and
immediate of prosecuting it. This definition
by Hiibner is cited with warm approval by
Hautefeuille. (Vol. 1, page 363.) Wheaton
speaks of Hiibner, in the Supreme Court of the
United States, as "the great champion of the
rights of neutral States."
Since the time of Grotius, the law of Europe
has become settled that neutrals have the right
to trade with belligerents, except in those eases
in which neutral commerce would affect the
issue of a war by interfering so as to assist
either party in the contest. It is now provided
in most treaties of commerce, that either party
shall have full liberty to trade with the enemies
of the other during war. (Manning's Laws of
Nations, page 192.)
With the exception of the treaties of White-
hall, in 1689, between Great Britain and Hol-
land, against France, and that of the European
Powers against France, in 1793, there has been
no interruption of thegeneralrule that neutrals
have the full right of trading with belligerents as
in time of peace, except m those eases when
such commerce would interfere with belliger-
ent rights. There is nothing in commerce that
can be said to affect directly the issue of a war,
and with which, therefore, belligerents have a
right to interfere. (Manning's Laws of Nations,
pages 192-194.)
During the Greek revolution the same course
was pursued by the British Government. To
a complaint of the Porte against allowing the
Greeks belligerent rights, in which it was said
that " to subjects in rebellion no national char-
acter belonged," Mr. Canningreplied that "the
character of belligerency was not so much a
principle as a fact: that a certain degree of
force and consistency acquired by a mass of
population engaged in war, entitled that popu-
lation to be treated as a belligerent, and even
when this title was questionable, rendered it
the_ interest, well understood, of all civilized
nations, so to treat them. Their cruisers must
be treated as belligerents or dealt with as
pirates." (Lawrence's Wheaton, page 43.)
When Texas declared herself independent
of Mexico, March, 1836, to a remonstrance
that the Texas flag was admitted to the port of
New York, it was answered that in previous
civil wars between Spain and her colonies "it
had never been held necessary, as a prelim-
inary to the extension of the rights of hospi-
tality to either party, that the chances of war
should be balanced and the probability of
eventual success determined. For this purpose
it had been deemed sufficient that the party
had actually declared its independence, and
was at the time maintaining it." (Mr. Forsyth,
Secretary of State, to Mexican minister, Sep-
tember 20, 1830.)
Mr. Webster said, in answer to the complaint
of Mexico, that citizens of the United States
had been engaged in a commerce by which
Texas, an enemy of Mexico, had been sup-
plied with arms and munitions of war: "It
was not the practice of nations to undertake
to prohibit their own subjects, by previous laws,
from trafficking in articles contraband of war.
Such trade is carried on at the risk of those
engaged in it, under the liabilities and penal-
ties by the law of nations or by particular
treaties. If it be true, therefore, that citizens
of the United States have been engaged in a
commerce by which Texas, an enemy of Mex-
ico, had been supplied with arms and muni-
tions of war, the Government of the United
States, nevertheless, was not bound to prevent
it; and could not have prevented it without a
manifest departure from the principles of neu-
trality, and is in no way answerable for the
consequences." (Lawrence's Wheaton, page
813.)
The treaty with Mexico enumerated articles
contraband of war, &c., but did not prohibit
commerce therein.
Mr. Marcy, in the discussion of the questions
involved in the treaty of Pans, 1800, makes
the following declaration: "Humanity and
justice demand that the calamities incident to
war should be strictly limited to the belliger-
ents themselves and to those who voluntarily
take part with them ; but neutrals abstaining
in good faith from such complicity ought to be
left to pursue their ordinary trade with either
belligerent without restrictions in respect to
the articles entering into it." (Lawrence's
Wheaton, page 815.)
" If the foreign State professes neutrality,"
says^Mr. Wheaton, "it is bound to allow im-
partially to both belligerent parties the free
exercise of those rights which war gives to
public enemies against each other, such as the
right of blockade and of capturing contraband
and enemies' property." (Wheaton, page 1,
chapter two, section 0.)
spanish treaty of 1795.
It has been suggested that in the event of
war certain provisions of the treaty of 1795
with Spain might cause embarrassment to the
United States. A brief examination of this
subject will dispel such fear. Previous to the
treaty of 1795 the right of search of vessels on
the high seas was asserted by the European
Governments in war and peace. The United
States constantly and successfully resisted this
claim. The treaty of 1795 with Spain, was
negotiated to secure freedom from the right of
search, except under limited conditions, to
which this Government assented. The Ameri-
can minister who negotiated the treaty de-
clares in his official communications to the
Government that the provisions of the treaty
were entirely in the interest of the United
States. The same treaty had been negotiated
with Holland in 1782, Prussia in 1785, France
in 1788 and Spain, in 1795. "The intention
of the treaty," said the Supreme Court, "was
to ingraft into the law of nations a great and
new principle." The form of passports re-
quired had been annexed to all these treaties.
Spain, by the treaty of 1795, had virtually sur-
rendered the right of search so long exercised
by European nations. It was for this reason,
probably, that she failed to carry into execu-
tion the articles of the treaty relating to this
subject. It is susceptible of historical proof
that the passports required were prepared and
printed with the treaty, at the royal printing
office in Madrid; but they were never annexed
to the treaty in conformity with its express
terms. These articles were held by the Su-
preme Court of the United States to be, so far
as the right of search was concerned, imperfect
and inoperative in consequence of the omission
to annex the form of passport required by the
treaty. The question arose in the case of the
Amiable Isabella. (5 Wheaton, page 1.) It
was three times argued before the court by the
ablest counsel of the United States. William
Wirt, Attorney General of the United Slates,
and Mr, Wheaton, represented the Govern-
ment. The judgment of the courts was given
by Jud^e Story. Six out of the seven judges—
Chief Justice Marshall, Washington, Living-
ston, Todd, Duvall, and Story—concurred in
the judgment. Judge Johnson, of Pennsylva-
nia, dissented. He saw no reasou '' for nullify-
ing the operation of the seventeenth article,"
which was the effect of the judgment of the
court. The decision of the court is in these
words:
"Unless this court is prepared to say that all forms
and solemnities were useless and immaterial; that
neither Government liadarighttoinsist uponaform
after having assented to the terms of the article; that
a judicial tribunal may dispense with what its own
notions of equity may deem unimportant in a treaty,
though the parties have chosen to require it, it can-
not consider the seventeenth article of this treaty as
complete or operative until the form of the pass-
port is incorporated into it by the joint act of both
Governments
"Upon the whole, it is the opinion of the court, in
which opinion six judges agree, that the form of the
passport nothaving been annexed to theseventeenth
article of the treaty, the immunity, whatever it was,
intended by.that article never took effect; and there-
fore, in examining and deciding on the case beforo
us, we must bo governed by the general law of
prize." (Paste 9.)
"To ingraft into this treaty the principles of tho
armed neutrality was the object, and for this pur-
pose the fifteenth article declares those principles in
detail. The sixteenth furnishes the exceptions to
them; the seventeenth prescribes tho evidence on
which those privileges shall bo conceded; and tho
eighteenth, after regulating the conduct of cruisers
toward vessels so protected, proceeds to declare that
'the ship, when she shall have showed such passport,
shall he free and at liberty to pursuo her voyage, so
as it shall not be lawful to molest or give her chase
in any manner, or force her to quit her intended
course.' Itis impossible for languago to be stronger."
(5 Wheaton, pages 20, 21.)
A motion for rehearing of the case was over-
ruled without dissent. The articles are here-
with presented. It is immaterial whether they
are regarded as operative or not. The prac-
tice of all nations is now the same as that
guarantied to the United States by the treaty
of 1795. From this review of the question
the Committee on Foreign Affairs is irresist-
ibly led to the conclusion that it is the right
and duty of the United States in regard to the
struggle in Cuba—
1. To recognize the existence of the contest.
2. To declare and maintain an impartial
neutrality.
3. To give to both parties the same advan-
tages of intercourse and trade with the United
States.
4. To invite the President to remonstrate
against the barbarous maimer in which the war
has been conducted.
And they therefore recommend the adoption
of the accompanying resolutions.
For the committee:
N. P. BANKS. Chairman.
NOTE TO MAJORITY KEPQRT.
Extracln fiom Treaty of 1795.
"Art. 12. The merchant ships of either of the par-
ties which shall be making into a port belonging to
the enemy of the other party, and concerning whose
voyage and the species of goods on board her there
shall be just grounds of suspicion, shall be obliged to
exhibit, as well upon the high seas as in tho ports and
havens, not only her passports, but likewise certifi-
cates expressly showing that her goods are not of ths
