1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2421
further debate the Secretary will report it and
the Chair will take the sense of the Senate
upon it.
Mr. STOCKTON. I have no disposition to
debate the resolution; but I should like very
much to make a single remark. I have not
heard the resolution, nor was I here at the
opening of the war. I had no opportunity, if
I had the disposition, to follow the gallant Sen-
ators from Delaware and Nevada, as I was
absent from the country ; but I believe it is a
matter of history, which is creditable to my
own State—and I do not wish any resolu-
tion passed which contradicts the fact—that
although one of the small States of the Union,
and although then, as now, a Democratic State,
she organized the first brigade organized near
Washington. That has been mentioned to me
by a gentleman from New Jersey who was one
of the most distinguished of our military officers
at that time in the State.
Mr. CAMERON. That is true.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not wish to inter-
vene in this struggle as to which State is enti-
tled to the most credit where all responded as
soon as it was possible for them to respond.
I know that in my own State many more com-
panies were raised and volunteered than the
Government could accept. I came myself in
company with my colleague, who was then
Governor of the State, all the way to Washing-
ton to urge upon the Government here to accept
additional companies which had been raised
there and had tendered their services. I think,
where all did so well, that any attempt to dis-
criminate between them, or to give particular
credit to any State which was nearer the cap-
ital than others, would not be just, if it is in-
tended to give them any greater credit than the
States that were situated more remotely. The
State of Pennsylvania was near the capital. It
did its duty. Probably if the State of Illinois
had been as near she might have had the first
men here. I do not know how that would have
been; but at any rate the State of Illinois did
respond as soon as it was possible for her to
do so.
Before I sit down, as there is a controversy
about what this call was, I wish to refer to it.
It is very specific, and I will read it. The
proclamation issued by President Lincoln on
the 15th day of April, 1861, reads in these
words:
" "Whereas the laws of the United States have been
for some time past and now are opposed, and the exe-
cution thereof obstructed, in the States of South Car-
olina, Georgia, Alabama. Florida, Mississippi, Louis-
iana, and Tex <l\ by combinations too powerful to be
suppressed by the ordinary course of judicial pro-
ceedings or by the powers vested in the marshals by
law: now, therefore, I, Abraham Lincoln, President
of the United Stales, m virtue of tlie powers m me
vested by the Constitution and laws, have thought
fit to call forth, and hereby do call forth, tne militia
of the several States of the Unkm to the aggregate
number of seventy-five thousand, in order to suppress
said combinations and to causc the laws to be duly
executed."
Mr. POMEROY. While Senators are speak-
ing of what has been done in their individual
States, it is worthy of remark that the then
Secretary of War did organize the first com-
panies himself in this town. The proclamation
was written on the Sabbath, April 15, and not
issued until Monday the 16th. I was here and
was with the President when he wrote it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is dated the loth.
Mr. POMEROY. It was issued on Monday ;
and on Monday night the then Secretary of
War organized two battalions in this town.
Cassins M. Clay was in command of the one,
and my then colleague, General Lane, was in
command of the other, and I enlisted myself
and other men who were in this town, and we
served thirty days and got a,n honorable dis-
charge under an organization that the then
Secretary of War organized to defend this
capital. That is what it was organized for,
and we lav on our arms here thirty days under
the then gallant leaders Cassius M. Clay and
Senator Lane. They were the men who organ-
ized the first companies on duty in this town.
Mr. RAMSEY. This debate having taken
the direction it has, in justice to the State which
I in part represent on this floor, I wish to say
one word. Although my State is one of the
remotest from the city of Washington, yet it
was the first that made a tender of troops
through its Governor here to the then Secretary
of War, and did it on the Sunday morning on
which this proclamation was in preparation and
before its issue. The first tender from any
State of this Union came from the State of
Minnesota, as the honorable gentleman who
was then Secretary of War well recollects.
Mr. CAMERON. I recollect that very well.
Mr. RAMSEY. Although it was remote
from here, by telegraph the organization of
troops commenced immediately, and I think in
less than three days two full regiments were
organized there.
Mr. MORTON. The character of Indiana
in the war is established ; therefore I do not
think it necessary to say anything farther.
Mr. HAMLIN. I wish to suggest an amend-
ment to the resolution: to strike out the word
"suggest" and to insert "inquire into the ex-
pediency of suggesting," so as to direct the
committee to inquire into the expediency of
suggesting some mode; not to make it manda-
tory. Then all the matter will come up before
the committee. They can settle it doubtless
better than wo can.
Mr. CAMERON. I have no objection to
that. I accept the modification.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will he reported as modified.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Unsolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be directed to inquire into tho oxpodioney of suggest-
ing sonio appropriate testimonial in honor of the vol-
unteers of Pennsylvania, who on the 18th of April,
1861, and tho volunteers of Massachusetts, who on the
19 th of April, 1861, marched through the eity of Balti-
more to defend tho capital of their country, being tho
first troops to arrive at the national capital for its
defense.
Mr. SCOTT. I rise simply to make an appeal
to the Senate to act on this resolution to save
time, for it is perfectly manifest that unless it
is disposed of this morning, when it comes up
again we shall probably be in danger of having
a speech from every Senator on the floor in
regard to the merits of his own State in offer-
ing volunteers promptly. It is an historical fact,
conceded, I believe, that four companies from
Pennsylvania arrived here first. Companies
from Allentown, Reading, Pottsville, andLew-
istown, in Pennsylvania, were the four which
arrived. The people themselves have re-
warded and have recognized the merits of
many of those men. The captain of one of
them is a member of the other House at this
time. That being the historical fact, and this
being now reduced to a resolution of inquiry
as to the propriety of giving a testimonial or
recognition of the men who came here first, I
hope the matter will be disposed of this morn-
ing, and due credit will doubtless be given to
all the volunteers who entered that glorious
army.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Is the resolution before
the Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I then move to strike
out the words "to defend the capital of their
country" as inconsistent with the proclama-
tion of the President. The proclamation of
the President does not mention one word
about the capital of the nation: It has been
read, and I move to strike out those words.
Mr. DRAKE. I would inquire of the hon-
orable Senator from Delaware if the troops
came to Washington, what they were herefor?
Were they not to defend this spot ?
Mr. SAULSBURY. I will answer the hon-
orable Senator. It was in response to the call
of the President to suppress combinations m
certain States named, which could not be sup-
pressed otherwise than by military force, not
to defend the capital. The proclamation of
the President distinctly states the object of the
call. Your resolution says they were brought
here_ in response to the proclamation of the
President calling on them to defend the capi-
tal of the nation. I wish the- resolution to
conform to the proclamation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has been mod-
ified since the Senator from Delaware heard it
read. It will be again read as modified, and
the Senator will indicate the words he wishes
stricken out.
The Chief Clerk again read the resolution.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I move to strike out the
word s " to defend the capital of their country.1'
The President's proclamation does not call for
troops for any such purpose, but to suppress
combinations too powerful to be put down
otherwise than by military force.
Mr. THAYER. Combinations here or else-
where.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I simply move to strike
outthe words implyingthatthePresidentcalled
for volunteers to defend the capital of their
country.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Del-
aware.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. STOCKTON. I move to amend the
resolution by inserting "and the volunteers
of New Jersey, who organized the first brigade
in the neighborhood of Washington."
Mr. CAMERON. That would spoil the
whole thing.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is it in order to move to
refer the resolution and amendments to the
Committee on Military Affairs?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is; and that
would place the whole subject before the com-
mittee without any expression of opinion by
the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator from
Pennsylvania will consent to let the whole
matter be referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and let them report such a reso-
lution as t-hey think proper.
Mr. CAMERON. That is the object.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to refer the res-
olution to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. CAMERON. I trust we shall not take
the amendment of the Senator from New Jer-
sey.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This vote does
not agree to the resolution, but simply refers it.
Mr. SHERMAN. It refers that amend-
ment, with the resolution, to the committee.
The motion to refer was agreed to.
cairo and pulton railroad.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the Georgia bill is before
the Senate.
Mr. RICE. I ask unanimous consent to
have the joint resolution which was taken up
on my motion, disposed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] is entitled to the
floor on the Georgia bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not intend to re-
sume the discussion of the Georgia case, but
will surrender the floor in the hope of expe-
diting business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Arkansas asks unanimous consent to the
consideration of a bill which was taken up dur-
ing the morning hour, but interrupted by the
debate on the resolution of the Senator from
Pennsylvania. .
Mr. POMEROY. I do not want to interfere
with the passage of this joint resolution if it
ought to pass, but there are several bills before
the Committee on Public Lands relating to lands
in Arkansas that will be interfered with by i .
Mr. RICE. Not at all. This is asking no
grant of land. It is an extension of time
within thisvear to complete the first tuent>
miles of the'Cairo and Fulton railroad.
Mr. POMEROY. I know very well.what it
is. This company got a grant of land m luob.
They did nothing at all, and it expired m 1360
But before it expired we extended tlu ame
