1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1477
be no objection the Senator from Nevada will
be allowed to withdraw the credentials. The
Chair hears no objection : and they are with- j
drawn.
KErORTS 01' COMMITTEE'S.
Mr. WILSON, from the Military Committee,
io whom was referred the bill (S. No. 5G9) to
provide for the disposition of useless military
reservations, reported it without amendment.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (H. R. No.
150) authorizing the sale of certain lands at
Springfield, Massachusetts, and for other pur-
poses, reported it without amendment.
Mr. "WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
525) to enable George D. Roberts, of Alameda
county, California, to import certain machinery
free of duty, reported it without amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am also directed by the
Committee on Finance to report back the bill
ill. R. Xo. 8SG) for the relief of Lawrence L.
ilerry, collector of internal revenue for the
twentieth district of New York. The Commit-
tee on Finance of the Senate adopt the report
of the House committee ; and I move that it be
printed.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on the
PaeiticRailroad, to whom was recommitted the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 121) authorizing
the Northern Pacific Railroad Company to
issue its bonds for the construction of its road
and to secure the same by mortgage, reported
it with amendments.
Mr. SCHURZ, from the joint select Com-
mittee on Retrenchment, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 35G) to reform the civil service
of the United States, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to submit a report
which calls for no action, but upon which I
shall beg leave to present some remarks to the
Senate.
Mr. RICE. Will the Senator give way for a
few moments to allow reports to be made.
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (H.R. No. 144) to enable the Court
of Claims to hear and determine the claim of
E. Dickelman, a subject of the king of Prus-
sia, reported it without amendment.
Mr. RICE. The Committee on the Pacific
Railroad, to whom was referred the joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 1'29) to correctly enroll sec-
tion ten of an act entitled "An act granting
lauds to the State of Kansas to aid in the con-
struction of a southern branch of the Union
Pacific railway and telegraph, from Fort Riley,
Kansas, to Fort Smith, Arkansas,have had
it under consideration, and direct me to report
it back and recommend its passage. I hope
it will be considered now.
Mr. HOWARD. I trust so.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think the Senator from
New York ought to be allowed to proceed and
submit his remarks.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not wish to embarrass
the Senator from New York.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understands objection to be made to the pres-
ent consideration of this joint resolution.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 579) to create additional land districts
m the Territory of Dakota to be called the
Springfield and Pembina districts ; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 580) to fix the point of junction of the
Union Pacific Railroad Company and the Cen-
tral Pacific Railroad Company; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad, and ordered to be printed.
CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENTS.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, the Com-
mittee on the Revision of the Laws direct me
to report back, with the recommendation that
they be indefinitely postponed, the resolutions
of the Legislature of the State of New York
repealing and rescinding the resolution there-
tofore passed ratifying the fifteenth amendment
to the Constitution of the United States.
Mr. President, the fate of the fifteenth
amendment does not depend upon the action
or reaction of New York. The formalities of
its existence cannot now be aided by adding j
to the column of approving States the greatest j
State of all. Its right to be, no longer rests
with any single Legislature. The required
States appear, without turning toward New
York, and if futurity has a challenge for the
proceedings of to-day, that challenge will not
stand or fall because of the part New York has
taken in this constitutional assize.
New York ratified the amendment; a Legis- !
lature has assumed to unsay her ratification; '
andtlioughtheamendmentwouldnotbeaffected i
by a retraction, were retraction possible, still j
a question lias been asked which deserves an ;
answer. A doubt is raised in which New York !
has concern of her own, and concern in com-
mon with all the States. It concerns New York 1
to know whether a transient partisan majority \
may snatch from her archives the completed j
: record of herwill touchinga national ordinance i
j of human rights. It concerns her people to
j know whether faction's hot breath can melt her
I seal from a great deed of composition, and turn
I to ashes her execution of a testament made for j
j after generations.
| To see the question clearly, and to see it all, !
' is to see the answer also. The ratification of '<
j a constitutional amendment, is not the exercise
i of legislative power derived from the people
,! of a State. It is not a power reserved by
| the States, or inherent in the States. It is
a specific function, derived entirely from the
' Constitution of the United States. This is its
origin. What is its nature and extent ? It is
the option, to do or not to do, a given thing.
It is the right to give consent, no more. Con-
sent may be given by a State. Of course it
maybe withheld, else there could be no option
to exercise, no act to do.
Such being the origin and such the nature
and measure of the power, whence can come
j| the other and different power to retract and
1 cancel? We are told it may be deduced from
j the ethical principles and canons which main-
I tain the right of parties, as well States as in-
|; dividuals, to retreat from imperfect agree-
| ments, to revoke assent to matters still in
-treaty. The argument is this: an amendment
| proposed by Congress, becomes part of the
| Constitution only when approved by three
II quarters of the States ; its validity can result
only from the agreement of a certain number
of parties, and until this agreement has oc-
curred, the amendment is but an unaccepted
; proposition, inoperative and inchoate. Such
being, as is insisted, the elements of the case,
it is said that until life has been imparted by
: the consent of those whose concurrence alone
can give life, the proposed emendation subsists
only as a negotiation, or as a partially executed
' treaty, from which any party may withdraw,
i. The argument embraces two errors: first,
powers different in origin and nature are con-
i; founded; second, acts and subjects of action,
p unlike each other, are treated as identical.
! Nations and men bargain and conduct or-
I dinary transactions in virtue of natural right,
! or of powers aided or interpreted by natural
right. Here we encounter a broad distinction.
II Natural right, nourished by intendments and
fed by many springs, is absolute and general
in its attributes; it extends to all contingen-
cies whatsoever in which it has not been
abridged by society, or relinquished by the
party himself. Hence, a nation or an individ-
ual having a right to enter into an engagement
• I with such terms and conditions as discretion
may suggest, has a right also to halt and turn
back in season, and it is always in season to
halt until the other party has gained the right
to object.
In negotiations between competent parties,
according to the universal understanding of
mankind, the liberty of either to withdraw, is
undeniable until it is lost by advancing so far
as to give to the other party the right to treat
the matter as concluded. Is it a fact accom-
plished? If it is, each party may hold the
other, and be himself estopped. This must ever
be the inquiry, and its answer must be the solu-
tion, in every negotiation from which a party
would withdraw without the assent of the other.
The criterion, in such cases, assumes and
proves the question to be only one of time, only
whether a party may still do that, which his
right to do, is impregnable and unchallenged,
unless it has been forfeited. That a locus pea-
itentce exists where no fetter or impediment
hinders till a contract has forged a chain, is
self-evident, and the only office of reason iu
such a case is to ascertain whether it be in
truth too late.
In the case before us, the power from the
beginning is wholly different. It is an artifi-
cial and limited power. It is a special func-
tion, delegated in few and restricted words. It
is a chartered permission, an elective oppor-
tunity. Conferred by an enabling clause of
the Constitution, it can draw to its aid nothing
from other sources, and nothing of intend-
ment even from its solitary source. Permis-
sion to alter the Constitution at all, is in dero-
gation of the Constitution, and of the common
right which the Constitution embodies. Pre-
sumptions and intendments, go, not with en-
abling provisions, but against them. Rules
of interpretation established by reason and
authority, restrict rather than amplify ordi-
nances like this.
If, therefore, at one time more than at
another, or if at any time, the right exists to
undo, or revoke, or rescind the ratification of
a constitutional amendment, it must be found
in the Constitution itself, either expressly
laid down, or resulting necessarily from words
asbich are laid down. Those who profess to
discern the power should be able to lay their
finger on it in the text. That it is not in the
letter we know, that it is in the spirit cannot
be proved, and therefore that it can be found
in either, is legally untrue. It follows that
instead of a case in which the right to retract
depends upon the diligence of its exercise, we
have a case in which there was no right to
retract at any time; instead a case in which
I one party must retract before the other acquires
a right to object, we have a case in which the
right to retract was wanting from the begin-
ning.
Having referred to the absence of analogy,
either in scope or quality, between the general
and inherent rights of parties to determine
{ their own agreements, and the special and
I delegated elective right to ratify amendments
; of the Constitution, I ask whether analogy is
' not also wanting between the acts to be done,
even when separated from the powers appli-
cable to them? The alteration of the Consti-
tution of the United States, is not, in legal
acceptation, a matter of contract between the
parties to be bound. No State can originate
an amendment or prevent its submission. All
the States together cannot waive the ratifica-
tion of three fourths, after three fourths have
ratified. All the States together cannot at any
stage aid or permit a single repenting^State to
revoke its ratification; and here we miss an in-
dispensable element of a contract or treaty. No
State can of itself prevent an alteration of the
Constitution, nor can it even avert from itself
the action of alterations which the other
States may sanction. A State may, by agen-
cies wholly foreign to it, be subjected to amend-
ments conceived and consummated without its
consent and against its will.
In a general sense, no doubt, organic law is
