,464
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 1,
Ho. of- Reps.
Independence of Cuba—Minority Report.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
number of thoso which have been prohibited as con-
traband.
"Art. 17. To the end that all manner of dissensions
and quarrels may be avoided and prevented on one
side and tho other, it is agreed that in-case either
of tho parties hereto should be engaged in a war,
tho ships and vessels belonging to the subjects or
people of tho other party must be furnished with
sea-letters orpassports expressing the name, prop-
erty, and bulk of the ship, as also the name and
place of habitation of the master or commander of
the said ship, that it may appear thereby that the
ship really and truly belongs to the subjects of one
of the parties, which passport shall be made out and
granted according to theform annexed to this treaty.
They sha.ll likewise bo recalled every year; that is,
if the ship happens to return homo within a space
of a year.
"It is likewise agreed lhatsuch ships, being laden,
are to bo provided, not only with passports as abovo
mentioned, but also with certificates containing tho
several particulars of the cargo, tho place whence
the ship sailed, that so it may be known whether
any forbidden or contraband goods bo on board tho
same; which certificates shall be inado out by the
oflicers of tbo place wheneo tho ship sailed, in the
accustomcd lorm. And if any one bhall think it lit
or advisable to express in tho s;iid certificates tho
person to whom tho goods on board belong, ho may
freely do so; without which requisites they may bo
sent to ono of tho ports of tho other contracting
party, and adjudged by tho competent tribunal,
according to what is above set torth, that ail tbo
eircumstanecs of this omission having boen well
examined they shall bo adjudged to bo legal prizes,
unless they shall give legal satisfaction of their prop-
erty by testimony entirely equivalent.
"Art. 18. If the ships of tbo said subjects, people,
or inhabitants of either of tho parties shall bo met
with, cither sailing along tho coasts or on the high
seas, by any ship of war oi' tho other, or by any pri-
vateer, the said ship of war or privateer, for the
avoiding ot any disorder, shall remain out of can-
non-shot, and may send their boats aboard the mer-
chant ship which thoy shall so moet with, and may
entor hor to number of two or threo only, to whom
the master or commander of such ship orvcssel shall
exhibit, his passports concerning the property of tho
ship, made out according to tho form inserted in this
present treaty; and tho ship, when she shall have
showed such passports, shall bo Ireo and at liberty
to pursue her voyage so us it shall not bo lawful to
molost nrgivo her chase in any manner, or foruo her
to quit her intended course."
minority repollt.
The undersigned, members of the Commit-
teemen Foreign Affairs, do not concur with a
majority of the committee in recommending
for the approval of the House the joint reso-
lution in relation to tho contest between tho
people of Cuba and the Government of Spain,
but do recommend, as a substitute for said
proposed joint resolution, ihe passage of the
following bill:
A hill making it a misdemeanor lo lit out or equip
ships of war, with intent, Unit they shall boem-
ployedin the fiyi'yioo of anv Muropoan prince or
iStato, for Jho purpose of subduing American col-
onists claiming independenco, anil providing for
the lbrfoitiiro ol' .such 11 i p or vessel.
lie it cnartnl hu tin- Senate and J Zonae of lieprestcnta-
(t oes of the United Sluice oj A utericu in (^vilprcut aivcM-
 'thutit any person shall, within tho limits of
tho united Mates, lit out, arm, or equip, or attempt
to lit out, arm, or equip, or procure to bo fitted out,
armed, or equipped, or hhn II knowingly bo concerned
in tho fitting out, arming, or equipping, of any ship
or vessel, with intent that such ship or vessol shall
be employed in tho service of any J&uropean prince
or State, for the purpose of subduing American col-
orusts claiming independence, or shall issue or de-
liver a commission within tho territory of tho Uni-
ted States lor any ship or vessel with thorn ton t that
she may be employed as aforesaid, every person so
ollfijidtng Hi.ul bo guilty of a misdemeanor, and,
upon conviction thereof* shall be lined in any sum
not exceeding So.UDO, and be imprisoned for a period
not exoeeding two years nor less than six months;
and every such ship or vessel, with her tackle, ao-
parel, and furniture, together with all materials,
arms, ammunition, and stores, which may have been
procured tor tho building and equipment thereof,
shall be forfeited, ono half to the use of the informer
and tho other half t° tho United States.
k.LC. w. And ha it further enacted, That in every
case where&ship or vessol shall be lilted out, armed,
or equipped, or attempted to bo fitted out, armed,
or equipped, contrary to tho provisions of tins act,
it .shall b'i lawful lor the Piesident of tho United
States, or such person us he shall have empowered
tor that purpose, to employ the land or naval forces,
or thennhtiaoi the united States, orany part thereof
lor tho puipo-se of taking possession of and detaining
any such ship or vessel.
.Sec. ... And be it further enacted, That tho provis-
ions of tho net approved April 20,1818, entitled "An
aetm addition to the 'Aettorthepunishment of cer-
tain crimes against tho United States,' and to ropeal
the acts therein mentioned," shall bo held to apply
and be in force, as to all attempts of American colo-
nies, or parts therepf, to assert their indepondonco;
and the words "colonies, districts, or peoples" in
snch act shall be held to apply to and include all
such American colonists claiming; independence, as
described in the first section of this act.
The minority of the committee, in making
this recommendation, is influenced by the con-
viction that the passage and due enforcement
of the proposed bill will have the effect of
establishing perfect neutrality on the part of
this Government between the Government of
Spain and the revolutionary party in Cuba; and
that it will have the same effect upon any future
conflict of a like character in any American
possessions of a European Power without ref-
erence to the questions that would otherwise
arise as to the extent and character of the
insurrection or revolution. It is in fact an
enlargement of the principle known as the
Monroe doctrine, and without giving any rea-
sonable cause of offense to any European nation,
is an affirmance of the doctrine that this nation,
while it opposes unauthorized interference on
the part of its citizens with the concerns of
other nations or colonies, is decidedly adverse
to the continuance of a colonial system for the
government of any portion of the American
continent. It also declares that this Govern-
ment will from the beginning refuse assistance
to a European Government in maintaining its
supremacy whenever an attempt is made by
an American colony to cast it off, nor will it
permit its citizens to give such assistance.
In short, the policy suggested will prevent
European Governments Irom obtaining here-
after in the United States any armaments or
munitions of war i'or the purpose of suppress-
ing insurrections in American colonies, '.;hieh
the law now forbids to bo sold to the insurgents
themselves, thus putting the parent country and
the insurgents on terms of precise equality in
that respect.
The neutrality law, so called, passed in 1818,
defines the acts which it declares to bo criminal
in the following sections :
. j' enacted by the Senate and ffousc of Itcnrefienta-
aeuopt
.. , ,    piincc,
State, colony, district, or people in war, by land or by
sea, against any primus Stale, colony, district, or
pcoplo with whom tho United States are atpoaeo. tho
person so offending shall bo deemed guilty of a high
misdemeanor, andshall bo imprisoned not exceeding
threo years.
"Sue. 2. And be it farther enacicd, Thatifany person
sdiaU, within tho territory or jurisdiction ot tho Uni-
ted States, onlist or cntor himself, or hire or ictain
another person to enlist or enter himself, or to go
beyond tho limits or jurisdiction of the United States,
with intent to bo enlisted or entered in tho service
ot any foreign prince. State, colony, district, or peo-
ple, as a sohlior, or as a marine or seaman, on board
oi uny vessel of war, letter ot marque, or privateer,
every porson so offending shall bo deemed guilty of
a high misdemeanor, and shall bo lined not exceed-
ing $1,(J00, and bo imprisoned not exceeding threo
ycara; Provided, That this act shall not be construed
to_extend to any subject or citizen of any foreign
prince. State, colony, district, or people, who shall
tiausiently bo within the United States, and shall
on board ot any vessel of war, letter of marque, or
privateer, which at the time of its arrival within tho
United States was fitted out and equipped as such,
enlist or enter himself, or hiro or ictam another
subject or citizen of the same foreign prince. State,
colony, district, or people, on board such vessel of
war, letter of marque, or pnvateer, it the United
States .shall then bo at poaoo with such foieigu
P^mce, State, colony, distiict, or people.
src.6. And be it further ovtctcd, That if auy per-
son shall, within tho limits of tho United States, tit
out and arm, or attempt to lit out and arm, or pro-
cuie to be fitted out and armed, or shall knowingly
be concerned in thefurnishing, iittingout, or arming:
ot any ship or vessel with intent thnt such ship or
vessel shall be employed in tho service of any foreign
prince or btate, or of uny colony, district, or people,
to eruiso or commit hostilities against the subjects,
., ,T . . territory or jurisdiction Ol
trio United States tor any ship or vessel, to the intent
that she may be employed as aforesaid, every person
so offending shall bo deemed guilty of a high misde-
meanor, and shall bo fined not more than $10 000
and imprisoned not more than three years; and
every such ship or vessel, with her tackle, apparel,
and furniture, together with ^11 materials, arms,
ammunition, and stores which may have been pro-
cured for the building and equipment thereof, shall
be forfeited—ouc half to the use of the informer, and
the other half to the use of the United States."
11 Sec. 5. Aiid be itfurther enacted, That if any per-
son shall, within the territory or jurisdiction of the
United States, increase or augment, or procure to be
increased or augmented, or shall knowingly bo con-
cerned in increasing or augmenting the force of any
ship of war, cruiser, or other armed vessel which at
the time of her arrival within tho United States was
a ship of war, or cruiser, or armed vessel in the ser-
vice of any foreign prince or State, or of any col-
ony, district, or people, or belonging to the subjects
or citizens of any such prinee or State, colony, dis-
trict, or people, the same being at war with any for-
eign prince or State, or of any colony, district, or
people with whom tho United States aie at peace,
by adding to the number of tho guns of such vessel,
or by changing those on board of hor for guns of l
larger caliber, or by any addition thereto ot any
equipment solely applicable to war, every person so
offending shall be guilty of a high misdemeanor,
shall be lined not more than $1,000, and be impris-
oned not more than one year.
" Sr.c. 6. A nd he itfurther enacted, That if any per-
son shall, within the territory or jurisdiction of tho
United States, begin or set on foot or provide, or
prepare tho moans for, any military expedition or
enterprise, to be carried on froui thence against tho
territory ordominionsof any foreign princo or State,
or any colony, district, or people, with whom the
United .States are fatj ponce, every person so offend-
ing shall be deemed guilty of a high misdemeanor,
and shall be lined not exceeding000, and impris-
oned not moro than three years."
Tho friends of the insurgents in Cuba have
claimed that the words ''colony, district, or
people with whom the United States arc at
peace," are broad enough to include these in-
surgents, and that the fitting out of the Spanish
gun-boats was as much an offense against the
law as the fitting out of the Hornet. The exec-
utive department of the Government has, how-
over, decided that tho Cuban insurgents are
not a colony, district, or people with whom
the United States are atpeace." It is not now
necessary, in view of tho action we recommend,
to inquire whether this construction of the law
is or is not correct, inasmuch as the bill we
report, if it becomes a law, will give the insur-
gents all that a construction of the neutrality
law most favorable to them could give them.
We have copied these sections of the statute,
however, to enable the House moro readily to'
see, by a comparison of the law with tho bill we
propose, the lull scope of this measure.
It will be observed that the policy proposed
by the minority of the committee, in tho pres-
ent and all future cases, waives any question of
power, character, or prospects of the revolu-
tionary party. It assumes the right of Ameri-
can countries to self-government, and declares
the policy of this Government as not inimical
to the asscitiou of that right in any case.
In view of the action we propose, it is un-
necessary to consider the reasons or the facts
which are urged by the majority of the com-
mittee in support of tho resolutions recom-
mended by them. Wo are constrained, how-
ever, to say that the alleged facts, if true, do
not, by any process of reasoning or logic, lead
necessarily to the conclusion reached by the
majority. They only prove, at the most, that
this Government may declare itself neutral, if
it chooses so to do ; but they by no means con-
line the legislative department lo that particular
line of policy. Congress is the law-making
power, it can declare a policy not only for this
case but for all cases, while the Executive has
no choice except to do as he has already done,
or recognize a state of war as existing, it
seems to tho minority to be at once more manly
and more statesmanlike for Congress, if it is
lo act at all, to declare some general doctrine
applicable to all similar contests, and thus,
while affirming and giving effect to the Amer-
ican doctrine, avoid offense to any European
nation by declaring its policy in a general law.
The undersigned would further submit that
no cause of offense can arise from this legisia-
