4810
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
MISSOURI, KANSAS, AND TEXAS RAILWAY.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 447) to incorporate the Missouri, Kan-
sas, and Texas Railway Company.,
"Mr. VICKERS. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be passed over.
ADDITIONAL BOUNTIES.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 319) extending time for presenting claims
for additional bounties.
Mr. WILSON.. I hope that will be allowed
to pass.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill. It provides
the time for presenting claims for additional
bounties granted to soldiers by the twelfth and
thirteenth sections of the act of July 28, 1866,
shall be extended until the 1st day of Decem-
ber, 1870, after which time all claims for such
bounties not presented in due form shall be
void ; and it repeals the fourth section of the
act approved March 3, 1869, entitled "An act
in relation to additional bounties, and for other
purposes."
Mr. NYE. What is this bill ?
Mr. WILSON. I will explain it. There are
some soldiers entitled to bounty that did not
get their applications in. The time has expired
under the old act, and this extends the time
for a few months more.
Mr. NYE. I want to look at it. We went
once with the honorable Senator on that
question, and the amount paid swelled from
$16,000,000 to $84,000,000. I should liko to
know what this amounts to?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Nevada object?
Mr. NYE. What is the report ? The hon-
orable Senator tells us that it is for some few
soldiers, I do not know how many. God knows
I am as willing to do all I can do for the sol-
diers as anybody; but there is a point where
we have got to stop.
Mr. WILSON. I will say to the Senator-
Mr. NYE. How many such soldiers are
there? I want to know.
Mr. WILSON. There may be one or two
hundred.
Mr. NYE. May there not be one or two
thousand?
Mr. WILSON. Oh, no.
Mi'. NYE. That is the point. We waut to
know how much money it is to take.
Mr. WILSON. This extends the time for a
few months longer. I Certainly hope the Sen-
ator will not object to it. I went to the Second
Auditor's office, and had the recommendation
of the Auditor in favor of it. There are some
few persons who did not get their claims in
until the time expired, who are just as much
entitled as others. The time ought to be
extended, and the House of Representatives
passed a resolution extending it a year or a
year and a half longer. This is only for a few
months longer.
Mr. NYE. How many such applications
are on file now that were not in time ?
Mr. WILSON. I do not believe there are
over two hundred. There are very few.
Mr. NYE. How much money will it take?
Mr. WILSON. One hundred dollars for
two years' or three years' service, and fifty
dollars for one year.
Mr. HAMLIN. They ought all to stand
alike.
Mr. HARLAN. I inquire of the honorable
Senator if the time named is long enough?
Mr. WILSON. I think the time is long
enough. They passed a bill through the House
of Representatives making the time, I think,
a year longer; but it seems to me this time ia
abundant. _ It goes to the 1st of January, I
think. It is a bill introduced by the Senator
from Pennsylvania some time ago.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to make it six
months aftei the approval of this act.
Mr, WILSON. Well, what is the difference?
Mr. HARLAN. The bill says the 1st day
of December next, and it may not be approved
until the time of the adjournment.
Mr. WILSON. That is nearly six months;
but I have no objection to the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.. The Sen-
ator from Iowa moves to amend the amend-
ment by making the time "six months after
the passage of this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed ; and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not know
but that this bill is all right; but I think we
had better have a report from the War Depart-
ment of how much money it will require.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
being made, the bill will be passed over.
Mr. WILSON. What is the question?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think we
should have accurate information from the
War Department as to exactly what this will
cost, or an approximate estimate.
Mr. WILSON. The bill was introduced by
the Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is objected to, and
debate is not in order.
Mr. SCOTT. I would ask the attention of
the Senator from Vermont to the fact that this
bill does not increase the number of persons
who have already been declared by Congress
to be entitled to bounty, but simply extends
for a few months the time for permitting those
already declared to be entitled to it to make
the necessary proof in the office. Many of
them proceeded to prepare their proofs, but
before they could get thein on file in thq office
the time expired.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have no
doubt I shall be in favor of it on examination,
but in the evening, at half past nine o'clock,
when there are not half a dozen Senators pay-
ing any sort of attention to what is passing, I
do not think it ought to be passed.
Mr. DRAKE. There are more than half a
dozen.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not with-
draw the objection.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate now
adjourn. If this objection is good to this bill,
it is good to all bills. The Senator has made
an objection that is good to every kind of bill
here to-night. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope not. We have passed
half a dozen bills that would ordinarily take a
'The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
AGRICULTURAL COLLEGES.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (S. It. No. 125) concerning
colleges for the benefit of agriculture and the
mechanic arts, the pending question being on
the passage of the joint resolution.
Mr. VICKERS. I object to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
passed over.
TRANSPORTATION OF SOLDIERS.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 145) for the relief
of William R. Rutherford and George Kains,
of the first Michigan cavalry volunteers.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If I recollect correctly
we had that bill up for discussion when we
were going through this form of calling the
Calendar before, and after discussing it for
some time it was concluded that if we passed
this bill the result of it would be that we
should have to pay a good many hundreds of
thousands, and perhaps millions, of dollars for
transportation to others on the same principle.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator object ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. If that is the bill, I do.
If the report is read it will show what it is.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the case.
Mr. CORBETT. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be passed over.
TERRITORIAL CHIEF JUSTICES.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 1258) to regulate the salaries ofchief
justices and associatejustices in the Territories
which was considered as in Committee of the™
Whole. It provides hereafter that the salaries
of the chief justices and associate justices of
the Territories of New Mexico, Washington,
Wyoming, Arizona, Colorado, Montana, Idaho,
Dakota, and Utah shall be $3,000 each per
annum.
Mr. ANTHONY. What is the present
salary?
Mr. NYE. Some receive $3,000 and some
$2,500. This equalizes them and makes them
all alike.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
RAILROAD IN MINNESOTA.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 124) granting lands in the State of
Minnesota to aid in constructing a railroad
from Lake Superior to Vermilion lake, in said
State.
Mr. THURMAN. Let that be passed over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be passed over.
PUBLIC LANDS INr CALIFORNIA.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 975) to dedicate the public agricul-
tural lands in the State of California to home-
stead and preemption purposes.
Mr. COLE. Let the bill be read.
Mr. VICKERS. Let it be passed over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Being ob-
jected to, the bill will be passed over.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not think it will be
objected to if it is read.
Mr. VICKERS. The Senator from Cal-
ifornia on the left of me [Mr. Casserly] a
short time ago asked me to look after this bill
in his absence.
Mr. WILLIAMS. He wants to have the
bill passed, I know; he reported it himself.
Mr. VICKERS. Very well; I withdraw the
objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is
before the Senate as in Committee of the Whole,
and will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the bill, which pro-
vides that no title shall be acquired or per-
fected to any agricultural public lands of the
United States in the State of California not
heretofore disposed of except by settlement
under the homestead or preemption laws.
The Committee on Public Lands reported
the bill with an amendment, which was, in line
three, after the word " acquired," to strikeout
'1 or perfected ; " in line five to insert the word
"granted" after the word ''heretofore;" and
after the words "disposed of" to insert " en-
tered or loetted ; " and at the end of the bill to
insert "or by selection of the State of Califor-
nia in satisfaction of any of the grants made to
her by the United States;" so that, if amended,
the bill will read :
That no title shall be acquired fo any agricultural
public lands of the UmtedStatesin the State of Cali-
fornia not heretofore granted, disposed of, entered,
or loeatcd, except by settlement under the homestead
or preemption laws, or by selection of the State of
California m satisfaction of any of the grants made
to her by the United States.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is a very important
bill. If that is applied to the whole United
States it is the end of our land system.
Mr. WILLIAMS. It does not apply to the
whole United States.
Mr. SHERMAN. But I want to know why
we should adopt the,policy of not getting any-
thing from the sale of public lands, as appli-
cable to the State of California alone ? This
bill declares that no public lands there shall
be taken cxcept under the homestead and pre-
emption laws. If that were applied to the whole
