166
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
that there is a power here that can hold, them
to their places under this Government. I
wish especially that the infamy of that Georgia
Legislature'should be wiped out by this kind
of retribution. I was the first to raise a voice
in the Senate Chamber against the swearing
in of the two Senators-elect from that State;
and I am glad to see that, after the lapse of
more than a-year, the time has come when the
rights of the loyal men of Georgia are to have
a hearing upon-the floor of this Senate and the
arm of the United States Government is to
rfeach down there and vindicate them. I am
glad to find that the time is approaching when
the men who seized the dominion of the Legis-
lature of Georgia are to be told that that domin-
ion must end, and that the loyal men elected
by the people of Georgia to the Legislature of
that State shall have their seats there no mat-
ter what the color of their skin may be. And,
sir, I want the thing to appear right on the
face of,this bill if it is to become a law; I want
it to be understood throughout the United
States that there is a Congress of the United
States that wields thesovereignty of this nation,
and that thatsovereignty can neither be arrested
by States nor by the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States.
Sir, I hope that the amendment offered by
theSenator from Indiana will prevail. I hope
that we shall put upon this law the condition-
precedent that these constitutional amend-
ments shall be ratified before that State gov-
ernment, shall be regarded as anything but
provisional.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, the objection
made by the Senator from Wisconsin, I take it,
is a direct impeachment of the whole recon-
struction policy, from first to last. The original
act provided as a condition-precedent, as one
of the conditions of reconstruction, that the
rebellious States should ratify the fourteenth
amendment. "We did not put them in durance ;
wc cannot require them to do it; we do not by
this amendment propose to require them to do
it, but we put it to them as a condition upon
which they may return for the future security
and peace of this nation.
Now, sir, if wo refuse to require it in the case
of Georgia it is saying to those who have con-
stantly opposed our policy, il is ourselves con-
fessing, that the original and material condition
of the reconstruction act was wrong. Are we
prepared at this stage of the proceeding to make
that confession? I am not prepared to mal<G
it, and if I did make it it would be incorrectly
and improperly made.
Why, sir, when Virginia and Texas and Mis-
sissippi came before Congress at the last ses-
sion for another act authorizing an election to
be hold wo put their return upon the condition
that they should ratify the fifteenth amend-
ment. If we did it in their case why shall we
not do it in the case of Georgia ? The Senator
from Wisconsin voted, if I remember correctly,
to require that as a condition at the hands of
Texas, Mississippi, and Virginia, and if it
might bo required of those States why not
require it of Georgia?
Sir, it is not our fault that Georgia has not
been reconstructed. It is the result of her
treachery, the treachery of her Legislature, the
violation of good faith upon her part. She has
by her acts put off her reconstruction until the
fifteenth amendment has come before the coun-
try and until reflection and experience have
shown that the ratification of the fifteenth
amendment is necessary to the preservation of
the whole work of reconstruction from the
beginning.
Without the fifteenth amendment there is
110 security for colored suffrage in any of the
southern States. When the late rebels shall
get the power, and when colored suffrage is
secured no other way except by the constitu-
tion of the State, they will disfranchise one
after another the colored men in every south-
ern State. There is no security for colored suf-
frage, there is no secjritv for the whole work
of reconstruction, except by putting universal
suffrage in the Constitution and under the pro-
tection of the laws of the United States.
Now, I ask why we shall run any risk at this
time? We have not the power to require
Georgia to ratify; we cannot do that; but we
have the power to say " Until you give security
by your good behavior, by the ratification of
this amendment, and by giving to us this guar-
antee, you shall not return to the enjoyment of
those privileges that you so criminally and so
wickedly threw away; you went out of your
own volition and upon your own will; now you
shall come back upon our volition and upon
our will and upon such terms as shall secure
the future peace and happiness of this coun-
try."
Sir, the objection made by the Senator from
Wisconsin—I know he does not mean that, for
his heart is with us—impeaches all that we have
done upon this subject. Are we prepared, now
and thus early, ourselves to go back on our own
work? After having required the ratification
of the fourteenth amendment of all these States,
after having required the ratification of the
fifteenth amendment of three of these States,
shall we now say that we must not require it of
another because that will be duress and it will
put an argument into the mouth of some future
Jeff. Davis?
But the Senator says that if you reconstruct
the Legislature it will certainly ratify the fif-
teenth amendment. I would say to my distin-
guished friend that there is no certainty upon
that subject.
Mr. CARPENTER. I beg to correct the
gentleman. I did not say that the Legislature
would ratify it, but I intimated a pretty strong
opinion that if they did not they would not get
into the Union again.
Mr. MORTON. That is my friend's argu-
ment. If we do not require it as a condition-
precedent can we honorably require it as a
condition-subsequent? If' they go on and do
all that we now require, then when they come
up with their Representatives and Senators can
we honorably say, "You have not done another
thing which we did not require of you?" No,
sir; now is the time to require il, and not
when they come hero with Senators and Rep-
resentatives. We cannot then honorably refuse
to receive them because thoy have not done a
thing which we have not required of them.
No, sir; now is the time to do it. We need run
no risk; we have but to pursue our own policy
to do in regard to Georgia what we have done
in regard to all the rest of these States; and we
cannot now refuse to do in regard to Georgia
what we have done in regard to the others
without impeaching our past action and thus
furnishing the best argument that can be fur-
nished to the future Jeff. Davis.
Now, Mr. President, why run any risk? We
know not what condition that Legislature wiil
be in when it comes together. There may be a
majority there friendly to the fifteenth amend-
ment or there may not be. Two or three of
them have been killed since the Legislature was
first organized; some of them have resigned ;
the whereabouts of two or three of them I am
told is not known; and when they come to-
gether again, even under this organization that
is proposed here, they will come under great
pressure ; and if we do not require the ratifi-
cation of the fifteenth amendment as a con-
dition-precedent there will be great pressure
brought to bear upon them, and they will he
urged by every consideration not to go any
further than Congress has required of them;
they wiil be promised forgiveness by their Dem-
ocratic enemies if they will only refuse to go
any further than Congress has required of them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The 
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I move 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
will suspend his remarks. The hour of one
o'clock having arrived, the unfinished business
of yesterday is before the Senate.
Mr. MORTON. I move to postpone the
unfinished business for the purpose of contin-
uing the consideration of the Georgia bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose that I am
entitled to the floor on the unfinished business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois is entitled to the floor if he claims it.
Mr. MORTON. I have made a motion to
postpone that business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By the usage of
the Senate at one o'clock the unfinished busi-
ness of the preceding day is before the Senate,
and if the Senator from Illinois insists on his
right to the floor, as he had the floor when the
bill which is the unfinished business was taken
up last evening, he is now entitled to the floor
and cannot be taken from it without his con-
sent.
Mr. MORTON. Is not my motion in order?
The VICE PRESIDENT.. It is not, by the
usage of the Senate, as the Senator from Illi-
nois is entitled to the floor. At one o'clock the
unfinished business comes up and the Senator
from Illinois takes the floor.
Mr. MORTON. My motion was made before
he took the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The rule which
the Chair has stated can ouly be dispensed with
by unanimous consent unless the Senator from
Illinois yields the floor to allow the motion of
the Senator from Indiana to be made, which
he has declined to do.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I call up the bill which
is the unfinished business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Illinois yield to the Senator from
Indiana, who desires to make a motion to post-
pone it?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No,sir; I ask that the
bill be read.
Mr. CASSERLY. Will the Senator from
Illinois allow me to make a motion in refer-
ence to the eight-hour bill, not to interfere
with his bill, but simply to ask that it may fol-
low his bill in the order of business?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think that would give
rise to controversy, because there would be a
disposition to bring up the Virginia bill imme-
diately after that, and the Senator from Cali-
fornia would gain nothing, I think, if I were
to yield the floor for that purpose.
Sir. MORTON. Is it in order for me now
to renew my motion?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not. The-
Senator from Illinois claims the floor, and he
is entitled to it.
Mr. POMEROY. I understood the Senator
from Indiana to have made his motion before
he concluded his remarks and before the Chair
announced the expiration of the morning
hour.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not propose to take
up much time 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
reply to the Senator from Kansas that the
remarks of the Senator from Indiana were
interrupted by the Chair, one or two minutes
after one o'clock, by his stating that the unfin-
ished business was before the Senate, and then
the Senator from Indiana sought to move that
it be postponed.
Mr. POMEROY. I thought the Senator
from Indiana made his motion before he had
concluded his remarks.
Mr. MORTON. I did.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Kan-
sas will bear in mind that the bill had not been
called up, and he could not move to postpone
it until it was brought before the Senate ; and
when it was brought before the Senate I was
entitled to the floor upon it. I ask the Clerk
to read the bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois declines to yield; but the Chair will
state to the Senator from California, if per-
mitted, that it will require unanimous consent
to order that the eight-hour bill shall come up
as the next business after the pending bill, for
this reason: a rule of the Senate declares that
