1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
167
whatever business shall - be pending when
the Senate adjourns shall be the unfinished
business and lie the first business in order at
one o'clock the next day, even in priority to a
special order. The Secretary will report the
pending bill.
SUPREME COURT'S APPELLATE JURISDICTION.
The Secretary read the bill (S. No. 280) in
relation to the appellate jurisdiction of the
Supreme Court of the United States.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bHl is before
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole. An
amendment has been reported by the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary to strike out all of the
bill after the enacting clause and to insert the
words which will now be road.
The Secretary read the words proposed to
bo inserted, as follows:
That under the Constitution the judicial power of
the United States docs not embrace political power,
or give to tho judicial tribunals any authority to
question the decision of the political departments
of the Government on political questions; and it is
hereby declared that all courts of tho United States
in the administration of justice shall bo bound by
tho decisions of the political departments of the Gov-
ernment on political questions.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That it rests with
Congress to decide what government is tho estab-
lished one in a State; and it is hereby, in accordance
with former legislation, declared that no civil Stato
government exists in Virginia, Mississippi, or Texas,
and no so-called civil State government in either of
said States shall be recognized as a valid or legal
 State government, either by tlio executive or judi-
cial power or authority of tho United States, until
Congress shall so provide, or until such Stato gov-
ernment is represented in the Congress of the United
Slates, and it is hereby declared that the act of Con-
gress entitled "An act to provide for tho moro effi-
cient government of the rebel States," passed March
3, 18t>7, and tho several acts supplementary thereto,
are political in their character, the propriety or valid-
ity of which no judicial tribunal is competent to ques-
tion ; and the Supremo Court of tho United States is
hereby prohibited from entertaining jurisdiction of
any case growing out of the execution of said aets in
either of said States until Senators and Represent-
atives from such States shall bo admitted into tho
Congress of tho United States, or Congress shall rec-
ognize such Stato government as valid; and mean-
while all acts or parts of acts authorizing an appeal,
writ, of error, habeaa corpus, or other proceeding, to
bring beforo said Supremo Court for review any case,
civil or criminal, or other proceeding arising out ot
the execution of said act to provide for tho more
ethcient government of the rebel States, and of tho
acts supplementary thereto, or which authori/.o an
appeal in anv ease from the judgment of the circuit
court of the United States in a habeas corpus proceed-
ing to the Supreme Court, or which anthorizo the
Supreme Court to issue a writ of habeas aorput or
other writ to bring before it for review any judgment
of a circuit or any other court, or of any judge
thereof, in a habeas corpu-i case or proceeding, be,
and tho same are lieroby, suspended. Aud no law
heretofore passed extending tho judicial system of
tho United States over any of said rebel States shall
be constraed to recognize any Stato government
existing therein until Senators and Representatives
from said Stato shall bo admitted into tho Congress
of tlio United States or Congress shall recognize a
State government theroin as valid. And tho Presi-
dent is hei eby diiected to hold, and proceed with all
prisoners held in said States by military authority,
without, regard to any civil proceeding or authority
whatsoever.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I should
not have insisted upon going on with the bill
which is the order of the day. and certainly
not without taking a vote of the Serrate, but
that I had been appealed to to obtain early
action upon this bill. It is thought to be of
public importance by other departments of
the Government, and 1 saw thatastruggle would
ensue as to which bill would have precedence,
and in that struggle we should very likely con-
sume the day and not make progress with
either. I therefore thought it would most facil-
itate the business of the Senate if we should go
on with this bill: and I hope we shall be able
to finish it during the present sitting of the
Senate.
In reporting this bill from the Committee on ,
the Judiciary I desire to say that it was not j
done with any view of infringing upon the j
independence of the judicial department, of j
the Government. From some remarks made
in this body and some publications which hare
found their way in the newspapers of the
country it would be supposed that a bill had
been reported which was infringing upon the
independence of the judiciary; that the legis-
lative department of the Government was un-
dertaking to arrogate to itself a jurisdiction
and authority that properly belong to another
department of the Government. No person
in this Chamber or elsewhere recognizes more
fully than I do the necessity of a division of
the powers of the Government. I agree that
the concentration of all the powers of Gov-
ernment into the hands of one set of men, no
matter how many or how few, constitutes the
very definition of tyranny, and that it is abso-
lutely essential to the maintenance of our free
institutions that we should maintain the inde-
pendence of each of the departments of the
Government. It is the division of the powers
of government among different departments,
and then again between the States of the
Union and the Federal Government, that con-
stitutes the safety of the liberties of the people ;
and I believe just as much in maintaining the
proper rights of the States as I do the proper
rights of the Federal Government, and each
as essential to the maintenance of the liberties-
of the people.
Some of the States undertook to arrogate to
themselves powers not belonging to them under
our system of Government, and the result was
a civil war ; and the authority of tho Govern-
ment has been maintained against the unwar-
ranted authority sought to be exercised by
certain States of the Union. While that is so
we should now guard against going too far in
the other direction, and absorbing here in the
Federal Government and at the center all the
powers of Government and such as do not be-
long to us, but properly belong to the States.
I shall be as ready to maintain the inde-
pendence of the judiciary in the exercise of its
legitimate functions as I am to maintain the
jurisdiction of the legislative department of the
Government in what properly belongs to it.
If the effect of this bill would be to break down
the judiciary and to concentrate the power
properly belonging to that department of the
Government in the legislative department of the
Government it could not have my support. I
do not join in the hue and cry which is raised
in some quarters against the Supremo Court of
the United States. I have a very high respect
for that court and for the members who com-
pose it. Tho ablest men in the nation have at
different times occupied seats upon the bench
of that court. Its decisions compare favorably
with tho decisions of the judicial tribunals of
any civilized country on the face of tho globe ;
its reports, taken as a whole, are a credit to
the nation. But, sir, I wish to define by
legislative enactment to some extent what are
judicial and what are legislative questions, and
in doing this I do not propose to go one step
beyond the decisions which the court itself has
made.
With these general remarks I desire to call
attention to the bill under consideration, and
before doing that I wish to say that this bill is
not framed with reference to any case that is
now pending in the court. I do not understand
that there is any case pending in the Supreme
Court of tho United States at this moment
involving the validity of what are known as the
reconstruction acts; but there have been efforts
made from the begin ning to get such cases before
the court. Bills were filed on the part of what
claimed to be the State of Georgia at one time,
and then by what claimed to be the State of
Mississippi, with a view of bringing before the
judicial tribunals of the country the question
as to what constituted a State, a question with
which the judicial tribunals hare nothing to do.
It is apprehended that other attempts may be
made to bring such cases before the courts,
and it is with a view of declaring by the legis-
lative authority that the courts have no juris-
diction of such cases, that the whole country
may know it, that we propose to pass this bill,
and also in one respect to take from the court
a jurisdiction which it now claims to have, and
which under former decisions it is admitted it
does have.
The first section of this bill declares—
That under the Constitution the judicial power of
the United States does not embrace political power,
or give to the judicial tribunals any authority to ques-
tion the decision of the political departments of the
Government on political questions; and it is hereby
declared that all courts of the United States in the
administration of justice shall be bound by the de-
cisions of the political departments of the Govern-
ment on political questions.
Now, I would ask if any one on either side
of the Chamber questions the soundness of
that proposition? Is it not admitted by law-
yers everywhere, by all the decisions of the
courts and by everybody, that the judicial tri-
bunals liave no jurisdiction of political ques-
tions? The Supreme Court of the United
States has over and over decided this question.
I will read a single sentence from a decision
of the Supreme Court announcing this doctrine,
and this was in a case involving the title to
land, a controversy between private citizens as
to the right to a piece of land. I admit, con-
trary to the doctrine enunciated the other day
by the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Drake,]
that in the Supreme Court of the United States
and other courts when a case arises involving
the right to property, or a personal right, and
there is a conflict between the fundamental law,
the Constitution of the United States, and a
statute of tho United States which is irrecon-
cilable, and one party is claiming a right under
the Constitution and the other a right under
the statute, these rights being in conflict, the
court must necessarily decide between them,
and in making that decision it must give effi-
cacy under our system of government to the
fundamental law, the Constitution. If it be
not so there is no such thing as a constitutional
government, and the constitutions which our
lathers framed, which we have in all the States,
are so much worthless paper; these funda-
mental laws which the people themselves have
made are of no efficacy, and are no restraints
upon their representatives when they meet
together in a legislative assembly.
From the nature of things if a constitutional
government is to be maintained, if the people
have it in their power, in their sovereign capa-
city to lay down a fundamental law for the
government of their servants which their ser-
vants shall be bound by, then, of necessity, when
a conflict arises between the act of the servant
and tho act of the sovereign people the act of
the servant must give way to the decree of the
sovereign power. To.hold otherwise would be
to put the servant above his master, and, as I
said, would be utterly subversive of our system
of government.
But, sir, it is only when this conflict is plain,
direct, and obvious that a court is justified in
holding a statute inapplicable or invalid in
reference to the particular case under consider-
tion, because of its conflict with the Constitu-
tion, and so the courts have held; and accord-
ing to my recollection there never have been
half a dozen cases since the Government was
formed where the Supreme Court of the United
States held a statute inoperative in a particular
case before it because of its conflict with the
Constitution of the United States. The cases
are very rare, and when the Supreme Court
has so held it has not been the particular decision
of that case, or the point involved in the case,
that has shocked the country. It has been the
going out of the record and giving a dissertation
on the powers of Congress and as to what it
would have the authority to do or not to do
as to the political powers of the legislative
department of the Government, with which the
court had nothing to do and over which it had
no jurisdiction, that has subjected the court to
attack. Why, sir, take the famous Dred Scott
case, and what was the decision in it? Simplv
that the circuit court had no jurisdiction ot
the case; that was all there was in it; that
Dred Scott was not a citizen within the mean-
ing of the Constitution of the United States so
as to authorize him to bring a suit in the
Federal courts. That was all there was of the
decision ; but the court traveled beyond that,
