1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4811
United States I would not object. Indeed, I
should be glad to get rid of the habit of grant-
ing public lands and all our legislation here
about public lands by making this bill appli-
cable to the whole United States ; and if Sen-
ators are willing to take that broad proposi-
tion, well and good. Let us dedicate the pub-
lie lands of the United States forever to home-
stead and preemption.
Mr. TRUMBULL. You can hardly pass
such a bill without discussion to-night.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not want to see it
done in California unless it is done in other
States.
Mr. COLE. One word. I have prepared
an amendment to make it general, by striking
out the words which make it applicable to Cali-
fornia alone, to meet the view of the Senator
from Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. I,will vote for that.
Mr. COLE. It is a very common thing to
change a whole system on any subject. Every
law changes other laws, and this law will
change the land laws.
Mr. NYE. There is not time, however,
to-night.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Being ob-
jected to, the bill cannot be proceeded with.
JANE NORTHRIDGE.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1'28) for the relief of Mrs. Jane North
ridge; which was considered as in Committee
of the Whole. The Secretary of the Treasury,
by the bill, is directed to pay to Mrs. Jane
Northridge, widow of William Northridge,
deceased, late colonel fifty-ninth regiment New
York State volunteers, the sum of $10,260 32,
in full payment for moneys advanced and ser-
vices rendered by William Northridge in rais
ing troops in the State of New York.
Mr. HOWARD. I have some knowledge
of this claim. I object to the consideration
of it- .
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
being made, the bill cannot be proceeded with.
ADDITIONAL BOUNTIES.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. 1 have been
appealed to to withdraw my objection to Senate
bill No. 319, and as the House will have an
opportunity to renew it and lira© to learn the
exact facts in relation to it, I withdraw my
objection.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 319) to extend the time for present-
ing claims for additional bounties.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
PUBLIC LANDS IN SOUTHERN STATES.
Mr. HARLAN. I withdraw my objection
to Senate joint resolution No. 73, for thei dis-
posal of the public land in the States of Flor-
ida, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, and Ark-
ansas.
There being no objection, tbe Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the joint resolution (S. it. INo.
for the disposal of the public lands m the
States of Florida, Alabama, Mississippi, Louis-
iana, and Arkansas, the pending question be-
ing on the amendment of Mr. Harlan, ™hici
was to strike out the words " or by location
after the word1' preemption so that the joint
resolution, if amended, will read :
Be it resolved, &c„ That from
of this resolution all the public lands in the otatcs
of Florida, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, and
Arkansas shall be subject to disposal under tbe home
riead laws, by pi eemption under the same general
i,™ ,,, n0w govern the public lands in othel States
ftnTTorritones' excepting and reserving only such
leservations or grants as are by law appropriated to
public or piivato uses.
Mr. HARLAN. That does not read as it
ought to do. > _
Mr. KELLOGG. When the joint resolution
wa's up for consideration some weeks since,
when the Calendar was being gone through
with, the Senator from Iowa stepped up to the
desk and interpolated that with his pencil, and
remarked that he would be satisfied with that.
On second consideration he eoncludcd that he
would be satisfied with it as it was. To-night
he objects again under a misapprehension.
object to
The joint
Mi% HAMILTON, of Texas,
the consideration of the measure.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.
resolution will be passed over.
ALFRED E. BROOKS.
The next business on the Calendar was the
bill (H. li. No. 272) for the relief of Alfred
E. Brooks, postmaster at Ilion, New York;
which was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It is a direction to the Secretary of
the Treasury, in adjusting the accounts of
Alfred E. Brooks, as postmaster at Ilion, in
the county of Herkimer, New York, to give
him credit for the sum of $1,176 17, the
amount of postage stamps deposited with him
for sale by the United States, and money re-
ceived by liim on sale of postage stamps belong-
ing to the United States, of which he was
robbed on the 10th day of October, I860, if
the Secretary shall be satisfied upon due invest-
igation that Brooks was robbed without fault
or negligence on his part.
Mr. CORBETT. Is there a report in that
°aThe PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
printed report.
Mr. RAMSEY. There is a report made in
the House. It is a House bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to hear
the report.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There are
papers in the case from the House of Repre-
sentatives. There is a report of the House
committee.
The Secretary read the report of the House
Committee of Claims.
Mr. CARPENTER. If this bill is to be
passed, it is safe to assume that there will be
hundreds of similar applications here in a very
short time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator object ?
Mr. CARPENTER. No, sir; Idonotobject
to the consideration of the bill; but 1 want to
defeat it. I suppose if it is considered it is
proper to say five words upon it.
I know, myself, in the State of Wisconsin of
several causes which have involved such ques-
tions. One of them was a cause where the
defendant claimed that ho had not only been
robbed, but that ho had been knocked down
and money taken from his person. The courts
held that that was no defense. I understand
the Supreme Court of the United States has
also decided the same question in the same
way. The law makes the officer, and must,
for the protection of the Government, make
him responsible for the money placed in his
hands; and if you once say that the Govern-
ment will make up anything lost by him with-
out negligence on his part, the principal busi-
ness of Congress for the next five years will be
paying these claims.
Mr. THURMAN. This might as well be
made a test case. There are half a dozen or
of these cases, in which postmasters ask
him and his securities from responsibility for
the defalcation. It turned out only "a few years
afterward that it was a piece of confederacy,
and that county treasurer and his confed-
erate are now in the penitentiary of the State
for that very robbery; but the money is lost.
Why, sir, if you go into this you must go
into it with everybody; you must go into it
with all your Assistant Treasurers and disburs-
ing officers. You can make no exceptions in
favor of particular officers ; you must go into
it with every fiscal agent of the United States ;
so that although you pay him a salary for tak-
ing care of the public money and for which he
insures it3 safe keeping—for that is the idea—
if there be a burglary, wbich may be by col-
lusion with him, but which you can never prove
to be collusive, or if there be a robbery, then
you are to relieve him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. A revenue officer may
have his money stolen at the same time that
the transaction for which, this bill provides
occurred.
Mr. THUEMAN. What would a bank do?
You deposit money in a bank; if the bank is
robbed is it any defense for the banker that the
bank was entered by a burglar and robbed?
Must he not pay his depositor ? Does not the
same rule obtain in regard to the officers of the
United States? In the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads I opposed every one
of these bills, but I was overruled. I hope the
Senate, now that they have this as a test case
before them, will, however meritorious this
case may be, not depart from the sound rule
which the policy, not only of this country but
of England, and, I believe, of every other conn-
try, has settled to be the true rule on this sub-
ject; and that is that the compensation paid to
the officer requires of him to^ insure the safe
keeping of the money placcd in his charge.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I hardly
think the Senator from Ohio is accurate in his
statement, and I think in equity and in law he
is about as far from the correct standard as is
his recollection of his attendance in the com-
mittee when these questions have been con-
sidered. I think my friend has not shown his
countenance in that committee but once during
the session. [Laughter.] _
Mr. TI-IURMAN. There my friend is a
little mistaken ; but I will modify my remark
and say that every one of these bills that was
considered when I was in the committee I
opposed.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I should like to suggest
if this is not an objection to the passage ol this
k'llr. HAMLIN. I do not hear any objection.
I want to make a brief statement.
Mr. THURMAN. There is no objection to
the consideration of the bill, but objection to
the passage. . T ,
Mr. HAMLIN. I want to say that I regard
the official bond as given for the integrity of
the official; that it is not calculated to run.
against the acts of God or against the acts of
bad men. ^Vhere the official does his duty as
a prudent and faithful man, I say your statute-
books are full of precedents from the com-
mencement to the end of them. There is not
a Senator here who does not recollect that we
have relieved paymasters in the Army and
I believe this is one of those cases.
There is no law better settled tnan that that
is no defense whatesoever, as has just been
stated by the Senator from Wisconsin. On
grounds of public policy it will not do to reim-
burse such losses, because the danger of col-
lusion is so great that for one honest claim that
there might be of this kind there may be ten
dishonest ones. We had a most stiiking ex
ample of this in Ohio. We had a case there
of a county treasurer ; tied, gagged, and almost
killed, and the county treasury robbed; and
on the strongest evidence that could possib y
be made, apparently, the Legislature relieved
sav that the bond is designed only to go to the
integrity of the man and the faithfulnesslof his
acts, and it ought to go no further. I do not
believe that half of your officers whohave: the
disbursement of money receive, in all, s^ary
[UliUU mwiioj   } - ,
nougu to pay them a quarter part of -tot
rould be an insurance on the fate y
' '3 with which they are intrasted. JIn that
the committee have agreed with the Ho
I object to the further con-
view .
and have reported
Mr. SPRAG
sideration of the bill'
