1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5255
That is a suggestion which lias doubtless been
made in haste, and without consideration ; that
we must not entertain a question of privilege
for injury to a member in a case in which he
will be exempt from any punishment on the
part of the House, or in which he will be ex-
empt from like punishment with the offender
before the-„tribunals of the country. Sir, if
the member be in fault, there is no such con-
dition of things under your Constitution. If a
member of the House from Virginia, or from
anywhere else, be guilty of a criminal act it is
a violation of his duty as a member of this
House, for which you may expel him. Th 
precedents stand upon your Journals to that
point unquestioned, so far as I know.
The House having power to punish for a vio-
lation of its privileges, for a disturbance of its
ordinary proceedings, by the enforced and un-
lawful exclusion from its sessions of one of its
members, the offender can then be handed over
to the courts, like any other violator of the laws
of the country, to be dealt with further by the
tribunals of justice for his crime against the
laws. Som e forty years ago, or thereabouts, this
question was submitted to the then Attorney
General of the United States under Mr. Van
Buren; I refer to Mr. Benjamin P. Butler,
whose opinion is recorded in the second vol-
ume of the Opinions of the Attorneys General,
in which he holds that this power to punish
breaches of the privilege of the House is no
part of the general jurisdiction of the courts
of this country to punish crimes against the
laws. There is nothing in his opinion that
even colorably changes the statement that I
have made. His opinion ought to be received
as good authority, for I believe he stands well
with the profession. I read from Attorney
General Butler's opinion, as follows:
Attorney Genekal's Office, Jane 25,1834.
Sir : In answer to the question submitted to me on
the memorial ot General Houston, who_ appears to
have been indicted, convicted, and fined in the crim-
inal court of this District, for an assault on the person
of :v member from the Houseof Representatives after
having been previously punished by that House for
the same act, as a contempt and breach of privilege.
I have the honor to state that, in my opinion, the
proceedings of the House constituted no bar to the
subsequent indictment and conviction. The filth
amendment to tho Constitution of the United States,
which provides that no person " shall bo subject for
the same offense to be twice put in jeopardy oflifeor
limb,"does notapply tocasesof this sort. Courts and
other bodies which have the power of punishing for
contempts are invested with that power, and are
supposed to employ it for the purpose of protecting
themselves in the due exercise of their appropriate
functions, and notfor the purposeof vindicating the
general law of the land, which may also have been
violated by thesame act. Technically, therefore, Gen-
eral Houston has not been twice tried for the same
offense. The act committed by him was one and the
same, and it constituted but one indictaole oiiense;
and he was, therefore, liable to only one conviction
on indictment. But if this act was also a breach of
the privileges of the House of Representatives, and
a contempt of the House, they had a right to punish
him for the contempt independently of the action ot
the criminal court; and so vice verm.
I am, sir, &c., B. F. BUTLER.
To the Pkesidisxt of the United States.
There, sir, is the opinion of the Attorney
General. It has been intimated, however—I do
not know that it is so intimated in the minority
report of my learned colleagues on the com-
mittee, but I anticipate that something of the
kind may be alleged here—that ours being a
Government of express, limited powers, we
must point to explicit written authority for pun-
ishing breaches of the privileges of this House.
I refer again to the decision of your Supreme
Court, wherein that tribunal solemnly ruled,
and the ruling has been acquiesced in by the
first writers on your Constitution, among whom
I may mention Kent, Story, and Rawle, that
among the implied powers of each House,
necessary to the existence of the legislative
branch of the Government, is the power to
punish breaches of its privileges.
It has been suggested that such a doctrine is
dangerous, because if you may imply suc\ a
power in a legislative assembly or in a judicial
tribunal you may imply like power in the exec-
utive officers of the Government. What say
the court in reply to a suggestion of this sort?
In the case of Anderson vs. Dunn,before referred
to, the Supreme Court uses this language:
" In reply to the suggestion that on this same
foundation of necessity might be raised a superstruc-
ture of implied powers in the executive and every
other department, and even ministerial officers of the
Government, it would be sufficient to observe that
neither analogy nor precedent would support the
assertion of such powers in any other than a legisla-
tive or judicialbody. Even corruption anywhere else
would not contaminate the source of political life.
In the retirement of the Cabinet it is not expected
that the Executive can be approached by indignity
or insult; nor can it ever be necessary to the Execu-
tive or any other department to hold a public delib-
erative assembly. These are not arguments; they
are visions which mar the enjoyment of actual bless-
ings with the attack or taint of the harpies of ima-
gination."
I accept the words of the court as a fit an-
swer to all such suggestions. I do not con-
tend for the exercise of this power beyond the
limitation defined by the court; that is, during
the existence of the House against whose priv-
ileges the breach is committed, not beyond it;
for of course this general implied power of
punishing for contempt or for breach of priv-
ilege must fall with the body that asserts it.
This body continues in existence during only
the two years for which it was elected and
qualified. Such is the decision of the court.
On this point I differ with my colleague [Mr.
Eld ridge] in his interpretation of the language
of the court. In support of these general re-
marks, for the purpose of impressing the House
with the importance of asserting the power now
in question, I read from Rawle on the Consti-
tution :
"A power extending beyond their own precincts,
and affecting others than their own members, has
been exercised by both Houses, and has been decided
in the Supreme Court to be conblitutional.
"Itis amaximinthe practical application of gov-
ernment that the public functionaries should besup-
ported in the full exercise of the powers intrusted to
them. Attempts to bribe or to intimidato them con-
stitute offenses against tho public. They amount to
more than contemptsor breaches of privilege against
the legislative bodies, and they undoubtedly subject
the offenders to the usual course of prosecution and
punishment in the courts of law. But this liability
does not exclude the immediate juiiediction of the
legislative body. Strong considerations of public
policy suppoit it. The people are entitled to the
utmost purity and integrity in the conduct of their
Representatives. The House is a guardian of the
public interests in this respect. It is its duty to
make immediate inquiry as to any attempt to assail
the freedom or corrupt the integrity of any of its
members. From tho duty to inquire arises the right
to punish. 11 needs not to bo devolved on the ordi-
nary tribunals.
"Itis true that no power to this effect is expressly
given by the Constitution; nor does the judicial or
criminal power given to the courts of the United
States in any part expressly extend to the infliction
of punishment for such offenses. But it is not there-
fore to bo inferred that no such power exists any-
where. If thecourtsof the United States would pos-
sess it by implication, there is no reason for refusing
it to the legislative body itself, unleus it can be dis-
covered to be wholly inconsistent with the construc-
tion or nature of that body, or with some clause in
the Constitution. But the reverse of the first posi-
tion is tbe truth. It would bo inconsistent with the
nature of such a body to deny it the power of pro-
tecting itself from injury or insult. If its delibera-
tions are not perfectly free, its constituents are event-
ually injured. But tbispower hasnever been denied
in any country, and is incidental to the nature of all
legislative bodies. If it possesses such a power in
the case of an immediate insult or disturbance, pre-
venting the exercise of its ordinary functions, it is
impossible to deny it in other eases, which, although
less immediate or less violent, partakes of the same
character by having a tendency to impair the firm
and honest discharge of public duties."
This is all, Mr. Speaker, that T deem it im-
portant for me to read or refer to at present
iu this connection. It is very clear that the
power in question is simply the power of self-
preservation vested in this House in the inter-
est of the rights of the whole people of this
country. Now, the simple question is whether,
when a member of this House has been as-
saulted without provocation, (for if provocation
were given by the member, I would hesitate long
about inflicting punishment upon the private
citizen before the punitive power of the House
had been brought to bear upon the member
himself,) when it is conceded that no provo-
cation was given at the time of the assault,
or at any time, the question arises whether this
House will stand with folded arms and allow
any man many State or in any place within
the jurisdiction of this Government, to brutally
strike down a member of this House, under
its protection, absent by its leave, and return-
ing to his duties, when perchance, by reason
of this assault and for want of his single vote
here, important measures of legislation in the
interest of the whole people may be defeated?
If you have not that remedy against one
offense of this sort, you have not that remedy,
though it be repeated in every street and lane
of your capital, against the majority of this
House. I do not propose to discuss such a
proposition further; I leave it to the calm
judgment and deliberation of the House. The
majority of the committee have reported that
the accused be imprisoned for the period of
three months in the jail of the District of Co-
lumbia. In the case reviewed in the Supreme
Court of the United States the accused was
imprisoned on a warrant of the House for the
period of two months in the jail of this Dis-
trict ; and having served his term of imprison-
ment, and after his release, the accused brought
his action for false imprisonment against the
Sergeant-at-Arms of the House; the Sergeant-
at-Arms pleaded the warrant of the Speaker
in justification of his act, and the Supreme
Court held t-hat it w'as valid. This case is like
that, though it is attended with circumstances
of greater enormity. That was simply an
attempted bribery of a member; this is an
attempt at murder, taking away from the peo-
ple one of their Representatives, without prov-
ocation, by violence, from the discharge of his
official duties. I leave the matter with the
House, and yield to my colleague on the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.]
DARRALL VS. BAILEY.
The SPEAKER. The House agreed on Sat-
urday, by unanimous consent, that at three
o'clock to-day they would take a vote on the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Ste-
venson] to reconsider the vote by which the
House adopted the following resolution re-
ported by the majority of the Committee of
Elections:
Resolved, That C. B. Darrall is entitled to a seat as
Representative in the Forty-First Congress from tho
third district of Louisiana.
Mr. STEVENSON". I move to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider on the table.
The House divided ; and there were-—ayes
68, noes 55.
Mr. KERR demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 9G, nays 77, not voting
56 ; as follows ;
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Armstrong, Atwood, Ayer,
Banks, Barry, Bennett, Benton, Boles, George M.
Brooks, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick 11.
Butler, Cake, Cessna, Churchill, William T. Clark,
Sidney Clarke. Amasa Cobb, Covode, C'owles. We-
gener, Donley, Duval, Dyer, Ela, Forriss, Furry, i rn.it-
elnburg. Fisher, Fitch, Gilfiilan, Hairis, llawley,
llays, lloar, Hooper, Alexander II. Jones, Judd.
Julian, Kelley, Kelsey, Knapp, Labh, Lawrence,
Loughridge, Maynard, MeKee, Eli.ikun If. Moore,
Morphis, Daniel J. Morrell* Myers, Negley, O'JNoiU,
Packard, Paine, Palmer. Peck, Phelps, Pomcroy,
Porter, Prosser, Roots, Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer,
Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, Wil-
liam J. Smith, William Smyth, Starkweather, Ste-
vens, Stevenson, Stokes, Stoughton. Scricktand,
Taffe, Taylor, Tillman, Townsend, Twiehell, Tyner,
Upson, Van Horn, Van Wyck, Wallace, Ward, Cad-
walader C. Washburn, Welker, Wheeler, Whit-
more, Wilkinson, Williams, John 'J?. Wilson, and
Winans—96.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Arcner, Asper,
Axtell, Beck, Benjamin, Bird, Blair, Booker, James
Brooks, Buffinton, Burehard, Burr, Calkin. Con-
ger, Conner, Cook, Cox, Crebs, Cullom, Dickinson,
Dox, Eldridge, Fox, Getz, G-riswold, llaldeman,
Hale, Hamill, Hawkins, liay, Holnian, Johnson,
Thomas L. Jones, Kerr, Ketoham, Knott, Lewis,
Marshall, Mayham, McCormick, McCrary, Me-
G-rew, McKenzie, McNeely, Mercur, Morgan, Muu-
gen, Niblaek, Orlh, Packcr, Peters, Potter, Randall,
Beeves, Rogers, Schumaker, Sherrod, Sloeum, John
A. Smith, Joseph S. Smith, Worthmgton C. Smith,
Stiles, Stone,Swann, Sweeney, Trimble, Van Auken,
Van Trump, Voorhees. Wells, Willard, Eugene 1y1.
Wilson, Winchester, Wood, and Woodward—77.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler, Aniell, Bailey,
