168
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
and undertook to declare what the powers of
Congress were oyer theilerritories ofthe United
States.; undertook to tell what laws Congress
might pass, not in* referenpe to the citizenship
of Dred ScoJ.t,-bat $s to, whether slavery could
go into the Territories of the United States or
into the various, States of thieUnion. .And, sir,
it was the promulgation of that doctrine out-
side of the case.T?hich shocked the nation and
brought reproach upon t&ecourt.
Sir, you; may look at other cases; look at
the famous Milligan case from your own State.
Every judge of the Supreme,Court .held that
the military cojnnjission which tried, Milligan
was unauthorized by the statutes of the United
States. . The whole court held that he properly
ought to be discharged, because il was im-
proper to have tried ,him. by military commis-
sion. in the State of Indiana, the ,laws of the
United States not warranting it. All the judges
agreed, in that but after so deciding and thus
disposing of. Milligan, then we had a disserta-
tion as to what in a hypothetical case Congress
might o.r might not,do.,
_ 1 assent to the authority of the court to de-
cide a law unconstitutional and void as applied
to a particular case when a private right is
involved and the case is judicially before it.
It may decide, and if there is a palpable con-
flict between the Constitution and a law of
Congress governing the right that is claimcd or
denied ought to decide in favor of the supe-
rior law. Put, sir, I promised to show that
the Supreme Court had never claimed author-
ity to decide political questions, and I will read
a single sentence from the opinion of the court
in a case, as I said, involving title to laud.
This is the language of the court:
"Wo think, then, however individual judges
might construe tho treaty of San Kdefonso, it is the
provinco of the court to conform its decisions to the
will oi tho Legislature."
That was in the case of Poster vs. Neilson,
reported in 2 Peters. The Supreme Court again,
in the caseof x'he United States vs. Hynes, re-
ported in 9 Howard, used this language :
"The legislative and executivo departments of tho
Government have determined that the entire terri-
tory was to he coded. This court have solemnly and
repeatedly declared that tl) is was a matter peculiarly
belonging to the cognizance of those departments,
and that the propriety of their determination ii not
withm tho province of the judiciary to contravene
or question.
There is nothing, then, in the first section of
this bill in conflict with the decisions of the
Supreme Court itself. 1 come now to the sec-
ond section, which declares " that it rests with
Congress to decide what government is the
established one in a State; and it is hereby
declared, in accordance with former legislation,
that no civil State government exists in Vir-
ginia ' and certain other States, going on to
name them. That is nothing more than the
language of the Supreme Court; its words
are copied into this bill, declaring that ''it
rests with Congress to decide what government
is the established one in a State." Chief Jus-
tice Taney, delivering the opinion of the court
in the celebrated case of Luther vs. Borden,
7 Howard, says:
Under this article of the Constitution it rests with
Congress to decide what government is tho estab-
iisaed one ma btate."
*1 a^?r^8 W0r<^3, They are copied into
this bill. Whether Taney had said it or not it
is a truism, and it is proper to declare it here,
then the bill goes on to declare that there is
no existing State government in the States
named, ihis is a declaration binding upon the
judicial department of the Government, be-
cause they have said that it rests with Congress
to declare what is a State government. Con-
gress, then, by declaring it makes an end of
that question. Ihe court is not competent to
investigate it. I his same ease of Luther vs.
Borden decides that one mode by which Con-
gress may determine what is the government
of_a State is to admit Senators and Represent-
atives from it.
The other provisions or'the biil relate to the
repeal of certain authority to issue writs of
habeas corpus by the Supreme Court. On this
subject I apprehend there is a great misunder-
standing, if not in the Senate, in the country.
The Supreme Court of the United States has
not and never did have any authority to issue
a writ of habeas corpus in an original case,
unless it was in reference to those particular
cases over which original jurisdiction is given
by the Constitution of the United States in the
following words:
''In all cases affecting embassadors, other public
ministers, and consuls, and those in which a State
shall be a party, tho Supreme Court shall have ori-
ginal j urisdiction."
It has no original jurisdiction in any other
case, and Congress has no power to give it any
original jurisdiction in any other case. This
has been repeatedly held by the court. It
could issue a writ of habeas corpus in a case
affecting embassadors, other public ministers
and consuls, or in cases in which a State should
be a party if there could be a case to which the
writ of habeas corpus would be applicable in
reference to a suit to which a State was a party.
All its other jurisdiction^ appellate, it has
no authority to issue a writ of habeas corpus in
appellate cases, with very few exceptions.
If a commissioner of'th,e United States, if a
judge of a district court, commits a person to
prison, there is no appeal to the Supreme Court
of the United States, and never was any appeal
to the Supreme Court of the United States in
any of those cases, at least 'until an act passed
about 1845,1 think, relating to persons impris-
oned under tho lav/ of nations. There an ap-
peal was allowed in certain cases because it was
supposed they might affect international law
and the dealings of the country with foreign
Powers to some extent. But under the judi-
ciary act of 178!) the Supreme Court has no juris-
diction to issue writs of habeas corpus in appel-
late cases, unless it is where a United States
court commits a person to prison, and there
tho Supreme Court held at an early day that a
writ of habeas corpus might issue, or rather a
writ of certiorari, to bring up the proceedings
of the judge below committing the prisoner,
and they called that an appellate jurisdiction.
The court had decided in the case of Marbiiry
vs. Madison that it had no authority to issue a
writ of mandamus, because the issuing of a writ
of mandamus to compel an officer to do an act.
would be the exercise of original jurisdiction,
and it was not competent for Congress to confer
upon theSupreme Court original jurisdiction to
do anything.^ It could only exercise that ori-
ginal jurisdiction which had been conferred
upon it by the Constitution.
The fourteenth section of the judiciary act
of 1780 is the one that gives the Supreme Court
J his appellate juri sdiction in habeas corpus cases
ii it is given at all. It, reads as follows:
"All the before-mentioned courts"—
^ Referring to the district, circuit, andSupreme
Courts of the United States—
ofthe United States shall have power to issue writs
of scire jacias, habeas corpus, and all other writs not
specially provided tor by statute which may be neces-
sary for the exorcise of their respective jurisdictions
anaagreeaolototbeprinciplesand usages ofiaw. And
either of the justices of theSupreme Court, as well
as judges ot the district courts, shall have power to
giant writs of hahc<tt corpus for the purpose of an in-
quiry into the causoof commitment: Provided, That
writs of imbcat corpus shall in no case extend to
pu.-nners in jail, unless where thoy arc in oustodv
imder or by color of the authority of the United
states, or are committed for trial before some court
of the same, or aie necessary to be brought into
court to testify."
Under this section the Supreme Court has
held that it had no authority to issuean original I
writ of hahas corpus, but could only do so in
reference to a person who Imd been committed
by a circuit court, not by a judge. The judge
of a court before whom a prisoner is brought
may commit him to prison, and he stays
there, and the Supreme Court of the United
States lias not, and never had, any authority
to bring un the prisoner and discharge him;
but if the judge was sitting in court when he
committed the prisoner the Supreme Court,
by a construction put upon this law at an early
day, held that it could bring the prisoner before
it and review what the circuit court had done.
That decision was very questionable; it was
made by a divided court; but it has been fol-
lowed since. Now, the bill which has been
reported by the Committee on the Judiciary
proposes to repeal that limited authority, which
the Supreme Court has exercised in a few cases,
to bring before it a person confined by the order
of a court. It repeals the construction, and no
more, which the court put upon the judiciary
act of 1789—a doubtful construction at best;
andlintend tooffer before I sit down an amend-
ment to-restrict the powers of the justices of
the Supreme Court in issuing writs of habeas
corpus under tho fourteenth section of the judi-
ciary act to their respective circuits.
The language of that section is very general.
It is that either of the justices of the Supreme
Court as well as the judges of the district courts
shall have the power to grant writs of habeas
corpus for the purpose of an inquiry into the
cause of commitment. Under this language
it is contended by some that the judge of the
district court in Maine may issue a writ of
habeas corpus to bring before him -a person
confined in Oregon; and I understand that
some of the justices of the Supreme Court have
been disposed to hold that outside of the cir-
cuits to which they are allotted they would
have authority to issue a writ of habeas corpus
to bring before them a prisoner from some
other circuit; that the justice of the Supreme
Court whose home is on the Pacific slope, in
the State of California, would have authority
to issue a writ of habeas corpus to bring before
him a person confined in the city of New York.
I do not think the statute fairly construed ad-
mits of such a construction. I think when the
authority is given to the justices ofthe Supreme
Court and the judges of the district courts to
issue writs of habeas corpus the meaning is
that the district judges may issue them within
their respective districts and the justices of the
Supreme Court within the circuits to which they
are allotted. But if there be any question
about it I think the statute ought to be made
clear, and I understand there is some question.
Hence I propose to offer as amendment to the
bill now pending, and I shall do it by the au-
thority of the Judiciary Committee, a clause
providing that the justices of the Supreme
Court and the judges of the district courts
shall only issue writs of habeas corpus to bring
before them persons confined within their re-
spective districts or circuits.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator move that amendment now ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will send to the desk
now the amendment I propose to insert after
the word "suspended" in the thirty-fifth line
of tne second section. The remaining portion
of this second section is but a reiteration,
except tne last three lines of it, of what per-
haps has been sufficiently said in the previous
part of the section. It declares that no pre-
vious legislation of Congress extending the
judicial system of the United States over any
Oi the rebel States shall be construed as recog-
nizing " any State government existing therein
until Senators and Representatives from said
.State shall be admitted into the Congress of the
United States, or Congress shall recognize a
State government therein as valid." The three
concluding lines are these :
And the President, is hereby directed to hold and
proceed with all prisoners held in t,aid States by mili-
tary authority, without regard to anv civil proceed-
ing or authority whatsoever.
I think these lines unnecessary. I suppose
the President of the United States would dis-
charge his duty in that respect if they were
omitted, aud I attach very little importance to
them ; but they were reported by the commit-
tee and I am willing to sustain the bill as it is,
though individually I have no particular desire
that these lines should remain in the bill.
