466
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 10,
Ho. of Reps.
Public Expenditures—Mr. McCrary.
41ST OoNtr.... 2D SESS.
For What Should the Public Money be
Expended ?
REMARKS OF HON. G. W. McCRARY,
of iowa,
In the House op Representatives,
June 10, 1870,
Oil the bill No. 971, making appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending Juno 30.1870.
Mr. McCRARY. Mr. Speaker, the question
is now presented to this House fairly and
squarely, Do we mean to reduce the expendi-
tures of the Government and adopt and carry
out in good faith a policy of retrenchment and
economy? If we do, wo must resist to the last
extremity the greater partat least of the amend-
ments proposed by the Senate to this bill. I
think the country may take the vote of this
House upon these amendments as a fair test
of the sense of the House upon the question
whether or not a policy of rigid economy is
to be pursued. I do not speak without due
deliberation when I say that many of the pro-
posed amendments provide for ail unnecessary,
extravagant, and, under the circumstances, a
wasteful expenditure of the public money.
Itwonid seem, sir, that pledges and promises
of economy rest lightly upon some shoulders.
It would seem as if there were t hose who regard
such pledges as good things with which to
please an admiring constituency during a cam-
paign, but of little moment here. Rut, sir, if
I mistake not, the people, who are the real mas-
ters at both ends of this Capitol, are in earnest
upon this subject, and are not to be deceived.
They have a right to be in earnest, because
they must bear heavy burdens at best, even
though we do everything we can do to lighten
them. The Committee on Appropriations in
this House, after careful deliberation, reported
the original bill, which was carefully consid-
ered in the House and passed. When t hat bill
passed the country rejoiced in the assurance
that a substantial reduction of expenditures
had been secured. I believed then, and 1
believe now, that there is room and necessity
for such reduction. It cannot bo necessary to
keep the same number of officials and incur the
same annual expense now as dunng the war.
With the return of peace the people had a right
to expect a reduction in the expenses of the
civil service as well as in other Departments.
The bill before us was passed by the House
upon this theory. It comes back to us from
the Senate with over two hundred and fifty
amendments, most of them making additions
to the appropriations, besides, as I shall show,
a proposition which prospectively requires still
furt he r_ large appropriations. I do not propose
to detain the House at this time with any par-
ticular reference to this long list of additional
appropriations A few of them will be con-
sidered, and from these the House can judge
whether a desire to economize was the con-
trolling motive in their preparation and adop-
tion. I may bo able to vote for «, few of these
amendments. It would be strange if there
was nothing good in the whole long list; but
I regard the most of them as in the line of
extravagance rather than retrenchment, as
looking to an increase and not to a decrease
of expenditures. Among other amendments
are the following, which are added to the
House bill by way of additional sections: the
sum of $600,000 is appropriated for the com-
mencement of a building ''to be similar in the
ground plan and dimensions to the present
Ireasury building, and to provide accommo-
dations for the State, War, and Navy Depart-
ments. 7' It is to be fire-proof, three stories
high, of such kind of stone as may be hereafter
determined, with basement and attic. The
plans are to be approved by the Secretaries of
State, "War, and the Navy. The ultimate cost
is not fixed nor in any way limited. The
supervising architect will doubtless see that
if the amendment be adopted it shall produce
a very long and a very fat job for him. As
there is no provision requiring that material
shall be procured from the lowest bidder, or
that a fair competition shall be allowed in let-
ting contracts, this enterprising officer would,
as usual, have full swing. We might all see
its commencement, but probably few of us
vrould see the completion of this stupendous
building.
By another amendment it is provided that
the public grounds around the Capitol shall be
enlarged. The Secretary of the Interior is to
purchase the additional grounds from the owner
or owners at such price, not exceeding their
actual cash value, as may be agreed upon. If
an agreement cannot be had, there must be a
proceeding in court where a jury of the citizens
of Washington will be called upon to fix a fair
valuation. A fabulous price would of course
be fixed, and what these additional grounds,
covered as they are with buildings belonging
to private individuals, are to cost no man can
tell. It is estimated at over half a million
dollars. By still another amendment $50,000
are appropriated for grading and improving
these additional grounds.
And to cap the climax of extravagance and
absurdity, $100,000 is appropriated to pay the
expenses of an expedition "toward the north
pole." Sir, if this be economy, if this be
retrenchment, I have mistaken the meaning
of these terms. If we agree to these appro
priatious, and agree, as we must to be consist-
ent, that we will make every other which may
he asked for which is equally important or
desirable, where should we stop? How many
millions will it take to square the account
when it is once opened?
Let it be remembered that all this is pro-
posed at a time when the people are every-
where crying out for relief from taxation,
everywhere praying us to reduce expenditures,
and everywhere insisting that no extraordinary
appropriations shall bo made unless a pressing
necessity requires it. I suppose, Mr. Speaker,
that there is not a man in either branch of
Congress who is not an advocate of economy,
in theory at least. In view of the amendments
proposed to this bill, I think it is high time
tl.at we were defining what we mean by the
term "economy." It seems to mean one tiling
with one man and another thing with another.
With some members of Congress I ain afraid
it means "large appropriations for my own
constituents and very small ones for everybody
else."
There ought to be a rule, a principle to gov-
ern in every case. What shall it be? Shall
we appropriate for every worthy object ? Is it
enough that the purpose sought to be accom-
plished is desirable? Is the fact that the con-
venience of the public or Government officials
will be subserved sufficient? Is a desire to
adorn and beautify all Government grounds
and buildings a good cause for voting money
out of the Treasury at this time ? If these are
the considerations which shall govern, let ns
know the fact, and I venture to say every dis-
trict in the Union will stoutly maintain its claim
to an appropriation. And yet upon no other
or different rule can these appropriations be
sustained.
But, sir, this is not what the people mean
by economy. This might be economy for a
nation with an overflowing treasury and free
from debt, but not for a nation owing more
than two thousand million dollars, upon a
large part of which it is paying six per cent,
interest. Such a nation, however exhaustless
its resources, can afford to expend money upon
no such principle. In the present condition
of the country, and in view of our great bur-
den of debt, national, State, and municipal, I
insist that true, real economy requires us to
commence no new public improvement, to pur-
chase no additional public grounds, to erect
no new public buildings anywhere, unless
necessity imperatively demands that it be
done. The same rule should be applied to all
of the many schemes for getting money out of
the Treasury. This rigid rule of economy is
the only one that is worthy the name, and it
should be steadily and firmly adhered to at
least until the national debt is greatly reduced,
the national credit fully restored, and the
national currency made equal to gold.
We all desire and expect an early return to
specie payment, an early funding of the na-
tional debt at a lower rate of interest, an early
abolition of all or nearly all internal taxation,
and an_ early reduction of the national debt
to a point where the annual interest will fall
lightly upon the people. To secure these re-
sults we must keep down our expenditures,
and by this and all other means in our power
improve the credit of the Government. We
must cause it to be understood that every dol-
lar which can be spared from other necessary
purposes shall go to the payment of our hon
est debts. Let the nation act as a prudent,
sagacious, and upright business man would act
under similar circumstances, and all will be
well. Let us pay, or at least greatly reduce
our debt before we tear down any of our pres-
ent buildings, which will answer for the pres-
ent, to build greater, and before we add to our
present large, beautiful, and commodious pub-
lie grounds any additional acres, and before
we put our hands in the Treasury to procure
$100,000 or any other sum, to enable some
adventurous explorer to go in search of the
"north pole." It may be very important to
find the aforesaid "north pole," but it is of
vastly more importance, as it seems to a plain
man like myself, that we pay our debts.
Perhaps the strongest objection to the ap-
propriations to which I have referred is to be
found in the precedent which they establish.
There is nothing more potent for evil or lot-
good in legislation than precedent. A great
nation cannot afford to show any favoritism.
What is done for one locality or one interest
must under like circumstances be done for the
other. I venture to say that there are lew,
if any, members on this floor who could not
make out a stronger case of necessity lor the
erection of a public building in their district
than can be made out in favor of the proposed
improvements and enlargements here in Wash-
ington. If, therefore, we commencethe busi-
ness of erecting public buildings here at this
time on the ground of convenience and desir-
ability simply, I repeat the question, where
shall we stop ? How far shall we be bound by
the precident we establish? How often shall
we hear from gentlemen upbraiding us for
erecting here costly and unnecessary buildings,
and refusing to other parts of the country the
court-houses, post offices, and custom-houses
which they so much need ?
No, sir; if we go into this business at all we
cannot confine it to the District of Columbia.
This will be but the beginning. Other cases
of greater urgency will speedily follow, and
before we shall find a place where we can with
a_ due regard to fair dealing stop appropria-
tions of this character millions on millions will
have slipped from the Treasury. It cannot be
shown that these new buildings and additional
grounds are in any sense a necessity at this
time. The buildings were sufficient during the
entire period of the war, and they seem to me
to be quite comfortable and convenient. I have
no doubt they will answer every purpose dur
ing the coming ten years of peace. As to the
public grounds around the Capitol, I believe
