3368
THE CONGRESSIONAL &L0M.
May 11,
sliatl be subject to sale to actual sfltllers witbim
the time limited as aforesaid, and on the same tertts
ns though the said deed, mortgage, er deed of trust
had never been uiade: Provided, That if. said road
is not completed within ten years from the date of
the acceptance of the grant herein made* the lands
remaining alone the uncompleted portions of the
road shall revert to the Government and be tfpen te
preemption and homestead entry after due publio
notice by the district land o (Be ere, under instructions
from the Secretary of the Interior, as providedinthe
case of public lands.
Sir. ORTH. I yield now to< the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Van Wtck.;]
1 Mr. VAN WYCK. I desire to offer the fol-
lowing amendment:
Amend by adding: "That said eompany shall no*
is.=ue mortgage bonds or create other indebtedness to
exceed in all $100,000,000." Also, thatsaid company ,
shall transport United States trbops And munitions
of war free of charge. [
Mr. ORTH. I yield now to the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard.] i
Mr. MAYNARD. I offer the following, to 1
come in at the end of the joint 1-esolutioh:
ProvuM, That nothing herein contained shall be
construed to provent the building of the Northern
Pacific railroad or in any way to embarrass the same
should said company see proper to build it under and
by virtue of tho original act of incorporation.
Mr. ORTH. I yield now to the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Crebs.]
Mr. CREBS. I desire to offer the following
as an additional section:
Sec.—. And he it further resolved. That alt the lands
hereby granted shall be sold by said railroad company
within fifteen years after the completion of the Said
road and its branches hereby authorised to be built, j
and that any of the lands hereby granted that nay !
or shall be owned by said company after fifteen years
from the dato of its completion shall revert to. the j
Government Of the United States:. Provided, That
any sale of any of said lands made by said .company
to any person or corporation, and resale of the same
to said company where no valhablft consideration j
passes for such sale, shall he void, and in sueh case
the title shall revert as aforesaid to th^ Government.
Mr. ORTH. I understand that there are n«i
farther amendments to be .offered. I might
here gay to my friend from New York [Mr*
WheJsler] that I have exhibited a liberality in
allowing amendments to be offered, which it
would be well for Others to follow hereiftfer.
In my first statemeht this morning I stated
that the desire of myself and those who have
acted with me was that this joint reselutioh
should go to some appropriate committee with
the amendments and should there bd-exartnned
and reported to the House, and that the House
shall have such deliberation upon it as the im-
portance Of the measure demands. In accord-
ance with the votes of the House, t&k,en since
that time, I feel that I owe it to the House to
move that the joint resolution and the pending
amendments be referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands, with leave to report any
time j bilt before making that motion I wiil
yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr,
Randauu,] who desires to offer an amendment
Mr. RANDALL. I move to insert after the
words "Secretary of the Interior," in line tea,
the following proviso:
Provided, That, hothrng in this ait shall bfc con-
strued as a guarantee by the United states of t.ho
bonds issued by said company.
Mr. STRICKLAND. I desire to move to
amend the motion of thegehtletnan from Indi-
ana [Mr. Orth] by substituting the Committee
on the Pacific Railroad for the Committee, oti
the Public Lands.
Mr. ORTH. I do not yield for. that purposes
I mo ve that the joint resolution and the atnendJ
xflents ba referred to the Committee oft th6
Public Lands, with leave to report at any time;
and on that motion I call the previous question.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a point Qfotder,
and  «k that the one hundred and fiftieth rule
be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
"|t sh*n be the duty of the Oomtnitfcee en the
1 aeific Jlttilroaa to take into consideration all such
petitions and natters Or things relative to railroads
br telegraph lines between the Mississippi valley and
tue f aciiie coast as shall be presented or shall cotne
IP question* and bo referred to them by the House,
pnd loo-epqrt their opinioa thereon, together with
#ujs)  propositions relative thereto as to them shall
seem e*!>edient;"
Mr. MAYNARD. Mypoitrtdforderisthi&t
th&t under the role just read this bill should
go to the Committee on the Pacific Railroad).
To send it to any other committee is in effect
suspending the rule, which cannot be done
except by unanimous consent, or on Monday,
by a motion to suspend the Tules.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot sustain
the point of orden The rule which has just
been' read is only for the general direction of
the HOuse ; it does not prevent the House by
a majority vote from referring this bill to any
other committee. It is for members to exer-
cise their discretion under that rule. _
Mr. ORTH. I now insist upon my call for
the previous question upon my motion that the
pending bill, with all amendments of which
notice have been given, be printed and referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands, and thdt
that committee have leave to report at any
time.
Mr. WHEELER. I would suggest to the
gentleman from indiaha [Mr. Orth] to include
in his motion also a motion to discharge the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad from the
farther consideration of all bills now before it,
and that they alsd be referred to the Committee
on the Public Lands.
Mr. ORTH, I will tftke that into consider-
ation.
Mr. LYNCH. Did not the gentleman state
that it was his intention should the niQtion to
reconsider prevail, to move to refer this bill to
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad. '
Mr. ORl'H. No, sir; I purpo ely avoided
naming any committee.
Mr. MA.YNARD. I cjesire to make a par-
liamentary inquiry. Should the call for the
previous question not be sustained by the
House, would jt then be in order to move to
amend the motion to refet by substituting the
f?otnmittee on the Pacific Railrciad for the
Committee on the Public Lands?
The SPEAKER. That motion Would then
be in order.
The question Wa« then taken upon the call
for the previous question; and_ upon a division
there were—ayes 61, noes 68.' ;
Before the result of th^vote waa announced,
Mr. T$rNl3R called fbr tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Orth !\tid
Mr. Wheeler were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellefrs
reported that there were—ayes 65, noes 90.
So the previous question was not seconded.
The question reearred upon the motion of
Mr. Or±h, to have the bill add amendments
printed and referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands, with leave to report at any tlrhfi.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend that
motion by substituting the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad foistlle Committal on the Pub-
lic Lands; and or that amendment I call the
previous question...
Mr. VAN WYCK. I object to the commit-
tee having leave to report at any time.
Mf. WHEELER* That is a part of the
original motion) and. it ia now too late to make
that objection,
The SPEAKER. The Chair is compelled
to rule that it is too late for the gentleman to
object to that part of the motion. It has been
thrde times. stated distiijeVy to the fiouse by
the Ghair. without any objection having been
made to it.
. Mi1. SARGENT, TJifen I mbye to amend
that motion by striking out the portion which
gives the committee leave'to report at any
time.
The SPEAK EH* . That motion is not now
in order, the gentletoati froth Tehnfessee [Mr.
MAt.SA.ni)] having called the previous quesr
tio.n.: . . • •'••• '! ■
; The question was taken tipon. secondlhg th£
previous question ; and upon a division tkere
were—ayes 75, noes 80; noqttorutn voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Maykaed and
Mr. Sargent were appointed.
The House, again divided; and the tellers
reported that ther'e were—ayes one hundred
and thirteen, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered ; and
under the operation thereof the amendmentof
Mr. Matnard was agreed to.
The motion recurred upon the motion of Mr.
Orth, as amended on motion of Mr. Maynard.
Mr. WHEELER. On that motion I call
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and underthe operation
thereof the motion, as amended, was agreed to,
Mr. WHEELER moved to reconsider the
vote just taken ; and alfco moved that the
motion to reconsider be liiid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BILLS, etc., BECOME LAWS.
A tnessage from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, one of his
Secretaries, announced that the President had
approved and signed bills and joint resolutions
oftbe following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 40) to confirm the title
of William M. Garveytoa certain tract of land;
An jet (H. R. No. 891) for the relief of
Soule Co.;
An act (H. R. No. 1336) granting a pension
to Anna B. Snider;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 153) for pay of
; one year's salary to the executors of General
John A. Rawlins, for the benefit of his family ;
Joiht resolution (H. R. No. 269) to amend
the act of Aprfl^O, 1870: and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 273) donating
condemned cannon to the McPherson Monu* '
went Association.
message from t&e senate.
A ttessS^e froni the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had passed, with an amendment, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested,
a bill of the following title:
A bill (H. R. No. 785) to provide for furnish-
,iig artificial limbs to disabled soldiers.
The message further informed the House
that the Senate had passed a bill, in which the
concurrence of the House was requested, of
the following,title)
A bill (S. No, 834) to create & port of deliv-
ery at Vallejo, California.
AMERICAN COilMKRCU.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour will
now commence, at twenty minutes to two
o'clock. The first business in order is the oalt
of committees for reports, beginning with the
select Committee on the Causes of the Reduc-
tion of American Totinagte.
Mr. LYNCH, from the select Committee on
tbe.Cvisea of the Reduction of American Ton-
nage* reported back House bill No. 1889, to
revive the navigation and commercial interests
of th$ United btatpa,
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read the third time.
The preamble of the bill recites that the
mercantile marine of the country wis nearly
destroyed, during the late rebellion inconse-
quence of the inability of the Government to
protect it; and now, while bearing its share of
taxation, has Ho such protection from foreign
competition as is afforded to other great na'
tional interests and industries, and is therefore
steadily declining; and that the restoration of
our commercial marine, constituting as it does
one of the most efficient means of defense in
time of war, is of great national importance
and essential to the maintenance of our posi-
tion as a first-class Power.
The first section of the bill provides that upon
all imported lumber, timber5 hemp, Manila, and
Composition metal, hnd for iron and steel not
advanced beyond rod bars and bolts, plates,
beams, and forgings, which may be used and
Wrought up into the construction of steam or
sail veBels built in the United States, whether
for the hall) rigging, equipment, or machinery
