1480
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
«nt States to direct that they should be acted
upon by the States either by their Legislatures
or by State convention a called specially for that
purpose. It was with Congress to adopt the
one tribunal or the other in the States that |
should act upon the question of the submission j
of this proposed amendment. What did Con-
gress do ? It adopted the mode of State Legis-
latures and chose to refer the question of this i
proposed amendment to the States acting by j
their Legislatures. In my judgment, this was j
a mistake, an error; it was not an act of perma- !
>ient statesmanship, or wisdom, or patriotism. I
It was not a reference that was calculated to !
get the best decision of the question from the '
people of the respective States. In my opinion
Congress, as a body of wise and patriotic states-
men, ought to have submitted each proposition |
of amendment to every State acting by a special ' i
convention organized and called to act upon >
that particular question. If that method had
been adopted where would have been your ''
amendments? The thirteenth amendment
might have passed, but the fourteenth and fif-
teenth amendments never would. Sir, the
legislation of Congress—-and I say it without any
personal disrespect—has been partisan, selfish,
and unpatriotic in the extremest degree, espe- 1
cially in relation to amendments of the Con- !
stitution.
There is another important point to be con- ; <
sidered in this connection. Instead of waiting !
for amendments to be asked for by the people j
Congress throws them out, and the people are
required to march up to them. That haa been
the course of your legislation and the mode in
which you have acquired popular support to
your different measures. How was it, sir, in
relation to your Chicago convention? You
passed an explicit resolution that the question
of suffrage in the different States was to remain :
with the loyal States according to their own
judgment and their own policy and principle,
and it was only as to the rebel States that Con- i
gress proposed, either in the forms of amend-
ments to the Constitution or of acts of Congress,
to interfere with the subject. You went into
the canvass, and the presidential election came
off upon that important issue made up by you
in that platform. And yet, after you had thus
deceived and cajoled the people of the loyal !
States to accept your candidate upon that plat- :
form, and especially upon this plank of the
platform, you turned around and did precisely i
all that you protested you were not going to do. '
Mr. President, in my judgment it is most
unfortunate for the country that the Constitu- j
lion ever gave the alternate power to Congress |
to direct amendments of the Constitution to be '
referred to the Legislatures of the States at all.
It would have been permanently, infinitely
better for this Government, and for the ages
through which it is to endure and to continue, i
in my judgment, that the Constitution had never i
been susceptible of alteration by amendments i
to be submitted to the Legislatures of the States 1
and acted upon by them. I
But, Mr. President, this was not all. The |
party in power, who proposed those amend- |
ments, were taunted and dared by the minority j
to submit them to Legislatures to be selected in !
the States after the amendments had been pro-
posed, and you scorned and mistrusted the
people enough to defy such propositions. You t
knew your strength with existing Legislatures.
Yoa knew that if the question were canvassed t
before the people, the sovereign people of Illi- j
nois and of other States in this Union, whether !
your propositions should become parts of the «
Constitution or not, and if a new Legislature j
were to be elected upon those issues, you would i
fail on those issues before the people; and, j
therefore, to make them good, to make them
secure, you preferred to force their submission
to Legislatures that you knew were committed
to their support in advance of the popular
judgment of their States and of their constitu-
ency.
But I will hasten on, Mr. President. Now, L
this is the main proposition to whieh I was
coming. The same thing exactly is submitted
to a State Legislature or to a convention of
the State. The two tribunals of the State,
whether it be a Legislature or a convention,
have precisely the same power. The conven-
tion would have as much as a Legislature; a
Legislature as much power over the subject as
a convention ; and neither would have any
more power over the subject of a proposed
amendment than the other would have—not
one iota. I challenge any Senator on this
floor to point out to me a different and a
larger power which a State acting by its Legis-
lature would have over a proposed amend-
ment than it would have if it was acting upon
the same amendment by its convention. The
subjects would be the same, identically ; the
powers the same; the convention would have
no more power than the Legislature; the Le-
gislature no more than the convention, and
neither less than the other.
And here I take now my further position:
that before each body the power would not
only be of the same extent, but it would be
exactly of the same continuance and duration.
That, Mr. President, is an important proposi-
tion. It involves an important principle ; it is
the hinge upon which this question, in my
judgment, turns. And what is the duration
of the power ? The Legislature acts until it
has ratified; if it does not ratify the power
continues until it acts to reject. The power to
reject is in all respects parallel to the power
to ratify. It is one of equal size, of equal force,
of equal duration. It is the correlative, by
necessary implication, of the power to ratify;
and when the act of rejection has taken place
the power, the whole power, is then exhausted—
as much executed as it would have been by a
ratification by the same Legislature.
Let us apply this argument to a convention
of a State called to consider a ratification.
Suppose Congress had chosen, as we ought to
have done and as was desired by some, that
these different amendments should be passed
upon by the various States, not by their Legis-
latures, especially not by their Legislatures
already inaugurated, but by conventions of
the people, elected and chosen by the people
upon the identical and particular and sole
question of each proposed amendment to the
Constitution. I think that was the true prin-
ciple of patriotism, wisdom, and safety upon
which the proper tribunal should be called
to pass npon those proposed amendments to
the Constitution. If you had been wise and
patriotic statesmen you would have had con-
ventions organized. Now, suppose that in
each State you had a convention organized,
and that convention had met to consider, say,
the fifteenth amendment; conventions in all
the States had been summoned in obedience
to the legislation or resolutions of Congress to
pass upon the fifteenth amendment, whether
it should be ratified or rejected; those conven-
tions got together, charged^ as they might have
been, specially with this isolated, particular,
and constitutional power of acting upon the
proposed amendment, and passed upon it and
rejected it, and the conventions then adjourned
sine die and went home, could anything be
more unsound, anything more monstrously
absurd, than that such a convention might be
reconvened for the purpose of withdrawing its
action of rejection of the proposed amend-
ment, and ratifying it? Sif, for any conven-
tion to have acted upon the subject in that
form would have required special and partic-
ular language in the Constitution to author-
ize it.
I agree with the honorable Senator from
New York that this power is special; it is ex-
traordinary ; it does not appertain to the legis-
lative powers of the States. So, too, the power
to propose constitutional amendments does not
appertain to the legislative powers of Congress.
They are particular, extraordinary powers,
made for a special and an isolated case. They ,
are to be construed strictly; and when they are
executed they are powers that are gone for-
ever, because their function lias been exercised.
The honorable Senator compared it to the
veto power. ' I have compared it heretofore to
the power of an electoral college to choose a
President and Vice President; and it is more
in the nature of and in analogy to that power
than probably any other power in the Consti-
tution that 1 can bring to_ mind. Now, sup-
pose an electoral college is convened to vote
for a President and Vice President. It votes
for its two candidates, and separates, and goes
home, and in one week it reassembles and
attempts to undo its act, having voted for a
particular man for President and another par-
ticular man for Vice President, and asks to be
permitted to vote for two other individuals for
those two offices, would it not be in the most
eminent degree unsound and absurd? It would
not be at all allowable. There is no principle
in it; it would have no power so to act, and
yet it would have as much power so to act as
the Legislature of a State has to act either in
withdrawing its rejection or withdrawing its
ratification of a proposed amendment to the
Constitution of the United States. Neither
body has any power whatever to undo what it
has done in strict conformity with the provis-
ions of the Constitution and in the total execu-
tion of its power vested in it by the Constitution.
The honorable Senator's argument upon the
first branch of his proposition I thought power-
ful and conclusive; but when he contended
that this power of a State to act upon a pro-
posed amendment to the Federal Constitution
was a power to ratify, and imported no power
to reject, I think he was widely from the true
principle and widely from logic. How long
shall it be before a Legislature that has rejected
it? How long shall it be an open question?
Twentyyears? Fifty years? Howlong? Where
is there any principle or provision ot' the Con-
stitution that would so protract the question
before a State convention or State Legislature
acting upon the subject of a proposed amend-
ment ? There is none. There is not a syllable
of language from which such apower can be
inferred. It does not exist. When the sub-
ject is submitted to a State for its action,
whether it be by its Legislature or its conven-
tion, it is for a single action; it is but for one
action. The action of acceptance is no more
extensive than the action of rejection ; it has
no more validity or effect. The effect of either
mode of action is to exhaust the power of the
State over that proposed amendment, and it
can never come before that State again in any
form whatever unless it comes before it in the
form of a new proposition to amend the Con
stitution.
Mr. President, I was moved by the honor-
able Senator's splendid and effective rhetoric
in relation to the downtrodden races; but I
still adhere to the position, and shall while I
have life, that with my consent there shall
never be any other government in this land
than a white man's government; there shall
never be any political power in this land but
the political power of the white man. I am
specially opposed to the political power of
Chinamen, to their immigration here, and their
taking possession of our country, of its west-
ern slope, of its great middle and fertile re-
gions, or of the Atlantic slope. I am opposed
to their eoming here in any numbers whatever.
I would vote to-morrow to exclude them as
inexorably as fate and destiny from treading
foot upon this soil. If they had come here to
the amount of a million or so, in such a way
that we could control their coming, I should
not be opposed to it; but as it is, I am.
A Senator. That is Know-Nothingism.
Mr. DAVIS. You may call it what you
please; Know-Nothingism, or what you may; I
will never abandon it because of such jibes;
and the day will come when all of us will wish
that such Know-Nothingism could have pre-
vailed. There is a region of country inhabited
