1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1481
by the Mongolian race, u very superior race
by nature and organization to the African race,
but inferior to the white race ; and it occupies
the Chinese empire, where one third of the
population of the world is. When those hordes
that have such a struggle in (heir own country
for existence, for keeping body and soul to-
gether, come to this country, it will not take
them long to discover that here is a much better
land than their own native home; they will
sjon reach that conviction, and when they
Jo it will spread over that vast hive of human
beings, and it will direct successive waves of
emigration from the Celestial empire. It will
bring its millions and hundreds of millions to
overwhelm and deluge our country. 1 believe
that that is in the future, unless this immigra-
tion is checked : but whether it is checked or
not, whether it be the future or not, these are
my sentiments, and upon these sentiments I
intend to act.
Mr. POMEROY. Mr. President, as every
Department ofthe Government is closed to-day,
and this is one of the recognized holidays of
the country, I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Before
putting that motion the Chair, with the consent
of the Senate, will make an announcement.
The Chair is desired to state that the Legisla-
ture of Mary land, now in session at Annapolis,
have, by a resolution, extended the freedom
of the hails of legislation, of that State to the
members of both Houses of Congress who may
visit the British ship Monarch lying near that
city, and have sent to Washington a deputa-
tion to make known the action of that body.
The Senator from Kansas moves that the Sen-
ate do now adjourn.
Mr. STEWART called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 37, nays 10; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Boreman,
Brownlow, Buckingham, Cameron, Casserly, Davis,
Edmunds, Fenton, I'erry, i'owler, Hamilton. Harris,
Howard, Howell, Johnston, McCreery, McDonald,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Pomeroy,
Pool.Ramsey. Rice, Saulsbury, Schurz, Scott, Stock-
ton, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Vickers, Warner, Wil-
lev. Wilson, and Yates—J7.
NAYS—Messrs. Carpenter, Chandler, Cole, Conk-
ling-. Corbett, Kellogg, Ross, Spencer, Stewart, and
Williams—10.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Cattell, Cragin, Draka,
Gilbert,Hamlin, Harlan, Howe, Lewis, Morton, Nor-
ton, Nye.Osborn, Patterson, Pratt, Robertson, Saw-
yer, Sherman, Sprague, Thurman, and Trumbull—21.
So the motion was agreed to ; and the Sen-
ate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 22, 1870.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Clerk began to read the Journal of yes-
terday.
Mr. DAWES moved to dispense with the
further reading of the Journal.
The motion was agreed to.
homestead law.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on the Public Lands, reported '
back, with the recommendation that it do pass, |
the bill (H. R. No. 50) to extend the provis- '
ions of the homestead act to the orphan chil- J
dren of deceased soldiers who are under the j
age of twenty-one years. '
The bill was read. It extends the provisions
of the act of Congress of May 20,18G2, entitled
"An act to secure homesteads to actual settlers
on the public domain," and of the acts supple-
mentary thereto, to all minor children, not less :
than sixteen years of age, of soldiers of the
United States who died in actual service or
Irom disease contracted in the service, upon
satisfactory proof as to their ability to fully
comply with the requirements of the homestead
law as to actual settlement and cultivation.
The second section provides that in such .
cases the payment of the ten-dollar and five- 1
dollar fees now required by law shall not be
exacted of the persons making such entries,
and that effect shall be given to the foregoing
provisions, according to such regulations as
may be prescribed by the Secretary of the
Interior.
Mr. JULIAN. I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; aud also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
question of privilege.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. I hold in my hand a resolution which
is a question of privilege, and I would like to
make a statement before presenting it.
The Constitution has wisely protected mem-
bers of this House in the utmost freedom of
debate, preventing their being called to account
elsewhere for anything that may be uttered
upon this floor. This very protection imposes
upon each member in exercising this privilege
an increased obligation to so exercise it as
neither to violate common propriety nor those
rules of the House that are found necessary in
;l the discharge of our duties here.
i j It has been for a few years past the practice
ij of the House to give members of the House
j the privilege of printing in the Globe, as if
ij delivered in the House and under its rules,
ji speeches that have in fact never been deliv-
! ered here. This practice has grown up under
' the pressure of business and of debate, and
i has its conveniences in some respects. It has
never existed until within a few years. When
1 first came to this House it was not known.
, When it first commenced in the House mem-
bers in asking leave very frequently prefaced
their requests with a statement that their re-
marks were upon some abstract subject, or had
no personal reference in them. Every one,
whether he publicly stated that fact or not,
asked the leave under the implied assurance
: that he would put nothing in the Globe that
violated its rules, and for which, if delivered
in the House, he could be called to order,
i| much less that violated common decency.
I There was, however, permission obtained last
II Saturday to print in the Globe a speech. On
!j Sunday morning there appeared in the Globe,
1 j as if delivered in this House under its rules,
| and in our presence and with our permission,
j a speech not only in violation of the rules of
>' the House with respect to the other branch of
1 Congress, but so in violation of all the com-
mon rules of decency that to let it pass unno-
ticed would be a disgrace to ourselves, and at
' once a surrender of the Globe to be a channel
for personal abuse and for the conveyance of
all matter that would be indictable at common
• law for indecency. I therefore offer the fol-
; lowing preamble nnd resolution, upon which
I demand the previous auestion :
j Whereas Hon. William Mungex, a member of
i this House, did, on the 19th instant, obtain unani-
I mous consent of the IIouso in Committeo of the
Whole, to print in the Globe, as if delivered in the
House, a speech not otherwise delivered, and did
j cause a speech to bo so printed in the Daily Globe of
the 20th instant as if delivered in the House and
| under its rules, alleged to bo of such a character as
to be an abuse of tho privilege so obtained, and a
violation of tho rules of tho IIouso; Therefore,
Resolved, That tho Committee on tho Rules be
instructed to inquire and report whether tho said
AVilliam Muxgen", in causing the said speech to be
printed as aforesaid, ha3 not abused the privilege
thus obtained, violated the rules of the House and
deserved its censure; and that, in the mean time,
tho said speech be excluded from the Congressional
Globe.
Mr. MUNGEN. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] if, after his beau-
tiful epithets of want of decency, &c.. he is
going to push the previous question without
allowing me to be heard ?
I rise to a question of
Mr. ELDRIDGE.
order.
The SPE AKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The resolution of the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawus]
calls in question what was said in this House
after business has transpired here. That being
the case, I make the point of order that the
member from Ohio [Mr. Muxgex] cannot now
be called to account for anything said by him,
business having transpired since that time.
Mr. MUNGEN. I am willing to be called
to account for anything I have sa-id here, and
I hope others may be willing to account for
what they have said.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I insist upon my point
of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order, because even if it were good
i in other respects the indulgence of the House
had put it beyond the power of any member
to insist upon the rules of order. The rules
of the House could not then be enforced. The
Chair, therefore, overrules the point of order.
Mr. WOOD. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] that
j before the House is called upon to vote upon
this resolution, which is tantamount to a vote
of censure upon the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Mungex,] the House should be in possession
ofthe language attributed to the gentleman.
Mr. DAWES. I purposely drew the pream-
ble and resolution in the form I did in order
that I might avoid again incorporating in the
Globe language which I myself allege to be too
indecent to be published in the Globe. I put
them in this form rather than to ask the House
to vote a direct censure upon the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Mungex,] so that the Com-
mittee on the Rules might inquire whether in
so publishing the speech he has not abused tho
indulgence of the House and violated its rule3.
I do not propose to call the previous ques-
tion against the gentleman from Ohio if he
desires to be heard under the rules of the
House. The resolution I have offered merely
instructs the Committee on the Rulesto inquire
into this matter. The responsibility will then
rest upon that committee, a high-toned com-
mittee, its members selected because of their
familiarity with the rules of the House. It is
for them to inquire and report what action is
proper and necessary.
Mr. COX. I ask the gentleman to yield to
me for a moment.
Mr. DAWES. Upon the propriety of the
Committee on the Rules inquiring into the fact
whether the gentleman from Ohio has violated
its rules or not I think the gentleman should
beheard. Butuponthe character ofhis speech,
or a reproduction of it here, I say to him in
all frankness that I shall be obliged to call
him to order if he should undertake to repeat
it upon the floor of the House.
I will now yield to the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Cox] for a few moments.
Mr. COX. I have but a word or two to say.
I think that the honorable gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] is perhaps entitled
to the thanks ofthe House, in one sense, for
bringing before us the abuses which appear in
the Globe, by reason of printing speeches not
actually delivered. I have been guilty of the
same thing myself on one occasion only ; and
for that I am entitled to beg pardon of the
House. I shall not do it again.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] is a fair and honorable example to
the House of the character of debate which
should take place here in reference to pending
questions. We ought, if possible, to reform
the practice which has grown up here, so that
we may have here what is really debate be-
tween members of this House, and not writ-
ten messages and essays which people do not
even read. Now, if there is anything really
obnoxious to criticism in the remarks pub-
