1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2425
We are taught that old things have passed away,
and that the Constitution itself, so long respect-
ed and reverenced by all our statesmen, is
henceforth only interesting to the political anti-
quarian. We are told in substance, that what-
ever Congress in its wisdom deems advisable
to be done, that it has the undoubted power to
do ; and any man who indulges in a constitu-
tional scruple stands in the way of modern
progress, and is hostile to the rights of man.
The Senator from Massachusetts scorns to
seek authority for our legislation in the worn-
out and discarded Constitution. He says, in
subslauce, do you ask for the source of power
in Congress to continue the Governor and
Legislature of a State for two years beyond
the term for which they were elected by the
people, for two years beyond the term fixed
by the constitution of the State under which
they were elected, and cannot find it in the
Constitution of the United States, then seek
for it in the Declaration of Independence, and
if it be not embodied in the generalities of that
revolutionary pronunciamento, do not be at
all discouraged; there is a virgin source of
power—full,because never before drawn from—
m the phrase c pluribus unum; and, says the
Senator, it argues an utter ignorance of lan-
guage that ought to exclude any man from
respectable society who cannot find the specific
grant of any needed power in that last refuge,
e pluribus unum,! That any man, that any
Senator, and most of all, that a Senator from
Massachusetts, in the right line of succession
irom Daniel Webster, should argue thus, should
trifle thus with the Constitution of the United
States, that of itself will secure to this debate
a conspicuous place in the history of constitu-
tional debate.
Why, sir, what is the meaning of all this wild
talk about the Constitution being construed in
the light of modern progress and new Amer-
ican ideas? Whs,t do Senators mean by il?
'lhcre is nothing quite so easy as generality of
expression. There is nothing quite so unprof-
itable in the management of practical affairs
as mere oracular declarations. Much that the
Senator has uttered everybody concedcs. When
he leaves the field of constitutional discussion
entirely, and goes into a very learned discus-
sion of the technical rules which regulate the
jurisdiction of the court of chancery, quoting
from the decisions of the chancellors, of course
every Senator assents to his propositions: but
the wonder is to see what they have to do with
this question. Does the Senator from Massa-
chusetts seriously maintain that Congress has
the power to amplify its jurisdiction according
to the generous theory of a court of chancery,
to meet any case which, in its judgment, calls
for a remedy? Here is the Constitution, it is
still in print, it still lies on your tables, and wo
still go up to the President's desk and swear
to support it. Turn now at random to auy one
of its provisions: "No State shall coin money."
That is the provision, notwithstanding the civil
war, and notwithstanding the fourteenth and
fifteenth amendments. Does it still mean what
it used to mean, or in the light of modern pro-
gress and American ideas, may a State coin
money? The provision in the Constitution is
as follows:
"No State shall enter into any treaty, alliance, or
confederation; grant letters of marque andrepridal;
eoin money; emit bills of credit; mako anything but
gold and silver coin a tender in.payment of debts;
pass any bill of attainder, cx post facto law or law
impairing the obligation of contracts, or grant any
title of nobility."
Now, sir, since the war, and conceding
everything to modern progress and new Amer-
ican ideas, which can properly be conceded to
them, does the Senator maintain that a State
may enter into a treaty ; may grant letters of
marque and reprisal; may coin money ; may
emit bills of credit; may make anything bat
gold and silver coin a tender in payment of
debts; may pass any bill of attainder, ex post
facto law or law impairing the obligation of
contracts? The next preceding sections of
the Constitution are as follows:
" No tax or duty shall be laid on articles exported
from any State."
"No preference shall bo given by any regulation
of commereo or revenue to the ports of one State
over those of another, nor shall vessels bound to or
from ono State be obliged to enter, clear, or pay
duties in another.
"No money shall be drawn from the Treasury but
in consequence of appropriations made by law; aad
a regular statement and aeoount of the receipts and
expenditures of all public money shall be published
from time to time.
"No title of nobility shall be granted by the United
States; and no person holding any office of profit or
trust under them shall, without the consent of Con-
gress, accept of any present, emolument, office, or
title of any kind whatever, from any king, princo, or
foreign Stato.''
Now, I ask the Senator to descend from his
tripod, to emerge from his oracular and pro-
fane mysteries, and meet the precise ques-
tions. Can Congress do any one of the things
which these provisions of the Constitution say
it shall not do ? For instance, can Congress,
since the war, grant titles of nobility ? Many
a soldier has earned them ; but can Congress
grant them? If the Senator does not maintain
the affirmative of any one of these questions,
what does he mean by all this wantonness of
speech? If no particular provision of the Con-
stitution has been changed, or can be disre-
garded, how is it that every provision or the
whole Constitution has ceased to be obliga-
tory? This loose method of construction, this
utter contempt of the Constitution, bodes evil
to our country, and nothing but evil.
Sir, we all understand that we are engaged
in the transaction of grave and important
business. The admission of a political com-
munity into the fellowship of the Union as a
State is 110 trifling matter. It should not be
done lightly, nor in heat, nor in haste, nor in
passion. We are free men to day, the fifteenth
amendment being secured. We have a per-
fect right, and it is our bounden duty, to give
the most elaborate investigation and mature
deliberation to this subject. We are consider-
ing the bill which lies upon your table for the
admission of the State government of Georgia
into this Union as a State. From the first
organization of the Government down to the
civil war in 18G0 the admission of new States
was matter of frequent occurrence. Vermont
and Kentucky were the first two States admit-
ted into the Union. They were declared to be
admitted as "new and entire" States of the
Uniou. This terse and masculine phrase, "new
and entire/' has deep significance. Take
now the Statutes-at-Large, and it will be found
that 111 the instance of every State admitted
into the Union prior to 1861 it is declared to
be admitted "011 a footing with the original
States in every respect whatever."
The States of Nebraska and Nevada were
admitted by proclamation of the President in
pursuance of an act of Congress, although their
constitutions were never submitted to the in-
spection of Congress. The enabling acts in
both those cases provided with great particu-
larity how the constitutions should be framed
and what they should contain, and authorized
the President to declare the States admitted
when satisfied that their constitutions con-
formed to the directions of the enabling acts ;
but the proclamation in both cases follows the
uniform phraseology of Congress, and declares
the States to be admitted on the same "foot-
ing with the original States in every respect
whatever." Several of the enabling acts de-
clare what provisions shall be contained 111 the
constitutions to be formed; and the conven-
tions, iu framing constitutions under these acts,
have obeyed the commands of Congress. .But
where the State has been prepared for admis-
sion, and Congress has come to perform the
finishing, consummating act of admission, tfiey
have been received upon an absolute equality
with the original States.
The case of Missouri forms no real excep-
tion. There was a provision iu her constitu-
tion which it was feared might authorize a
discrimination as to the privileges and immu-
nities of non-resident citizens of the United
States. The act of admission recites that her
constitution shall never be so construed. This
was in every respect a superfluous provision.
When- Missouri came to be a State of the Union
the Constitution of the United States of its own
force would have struck down any such pro-
vision of the State constitution. The act of
Coiigress, thefefore, neither helped nor harmed
anything, and was utterly nugatory. Several
of the acts admitting States have contained
provisions sometimes called conditions, but
nothing more nor less in effect than enactments
of Congress in regard to the public lands and
other proprietary rights of the Union, which
were clearly within- the power of Congress to-
enact after the State was admitted, or such
acts might now be passed applying to the old
States or any States of the Union. These pro-
visions. therefore, have no application to the
question we are now discussing.
But, sir, the bill now before us for the admis-
sion of Georgia is a different thing altogether.
It declares, indeed, that Georgia shall be ad-
mitted as a State, but it says not much about
her coming in oil a footing of equality with the
other States. The first two lines of the bill
declare that she shall be a State. Then follow
three pages of solemn enactment designed to
prevent her being admitted to the full rights
of a' State. It does not declare her equal to
the other States, but it does provide that she
shall not be.
In the first place, here is what is called the
Bingham' amendment, which I will pass over
for the present, and then comes :
And provided further. That the State of Georgia
is admitted to representation in Congress as one of
the States of the Union, upon the following funda-
mental conditions:
1'irst, that the constitution of Georgia shall never
be so amended or changed as to deprive any citizen
or class of citizens of the United States ot the right
to vote, &c.
And the next condition is:
Second, that it shall never bo lawful for the said
State to deprive any eitizenof the United States, 011
account of his race, color, or previous condition ot
servitude, of the right to hold office under the con-
stitution and laws of said State.
That is of course not covered by any amend-
mentto the Constitution of the United States.
The fifteenth amendment to the Constitution
of the United States is this:
"The right of citizens of tho United States to voto
shall not be denied or abridged by tho United States,
or any State, on account of race, color, or previous
condition of servitude."
That is as far as you have gone in your fuud-
, amentallaw. Youhavesaidthatno distinction
i of race or color shall exist in voting, and that
' is the law in New York and Massachusetts, in
Wisconsin and in Indiana, and everywhere else
in this Union; but in Georgiayou advance astep
further and say that she shall never so change
her constitution as to deprive any citizen of the
United States, 011 account of his race, cojor,
or previous condition of servitude, of the right
to hold office under the constitution and laws
of the State. And then—
Third, that the constitution of Georgia shall never
be so ainondedorohanged as to deprive any; citizen
or class of citizens of the school rights and privileges
sccurcd by the constitution of feaul State.
"The school rights and privileges," the pre-
cise rights and privileges. In other words, you
strike down the power of Georgia to change,
to amend the present provisions of the consti-
tution on that subject as it now stands.
Now, sir, in the first place I say from an act
of Congress thus clogged with conditions and
limitations it is evident that there is some little
question about the propriety of admitting Geor-
gia at this time. I propose to dwell a lew mo-
ments upon these doubts, and also to asK and
partially answer the question, can we remedy
the evils we anticipate from her admission by
these fundamental conditions contained 111 the
act?
