1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5257
gress, as a member of Congress, for the pur-
pose of disabling him; and the question is,
what shall be the extent of the punishment ?
And that is the only question I desire to raise.
I differed with the majority of the committee,
■with some of my associates, as to their recom-
mendation in that regard, and with their leave
I now move to amend the resolution by strik-
ing out the words " three months" and insert-
ing "until the 3d of March next." That is
the undisputed limit of the power of this House
to imprison.
Ivlr. RANDALL. I raise the point of order
that the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] has not the floor for the purpose of
moving the amendment he has indicated.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I said X
would offer the amendment if the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] would permit me to
do so.
Mr. BINGHAM. Of course I will.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I then
offer the amendment I have indicated, and now
yield the floor.
mjss&agjs raoji tub senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. SYJirsox,
one of its clerks, informed the House that the
Senate had agreed to the report of the commit-
tee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill of the House No.
2275,to provide for pavingPennsylvania avenue.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed, with amendments in which the
concurrence of the House was requested, a bill
(H. R. No. 2244) for the relief of the Brazil
Steamship Company.
The message further announced that the
Senate had disagreed to the amendments of
the House to the bill (S. No. 380) to authorize
the refunding and consolidation of the national
debt, to extend banking facilities, and to estab-
lish specie payments, and ask a conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon ; and that Mr. Sherman, Mr. Sfmxer,
and Mr. Davis had been appointed as the con-
ferees on the part of the Senate.
patrick woods.
The House resumed the consideration of
the report of the Committee on the Judiciary
in the case of Patrick Woods.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] has
argued almost every question, in my judgment,
except those which are involved in this case.
I shall not, therefore, attempt to follow him in
the direction which he has pursued, t intend a
little more than a protest against the jurisdiction
and action of this House as proposed by the
majority of the committee in this case. I can-
not but feel of how little consequence is the
prisoner at the bar, Pat Woods, great and
important as are the rights of every citizen,
compared with the importance of the subject
itself to the people of this country. The sub-
ject dwarfs all merely personal, partisan, and
passional considerations. It is one vitally
affecting the personal liberty of every citizen
of this country. It is well for the people to
know, it is time they did know, what this newly-
assumed jurisdiction, these new powers, now
for the first time in the history of the country
claimed, are.
It should be known and understood at once
whether this House of Representatives can, in
defiance of our Constitution, of our Bill of
Bights, of Magna Charta, of all the fundamental
principles of free government, exercise all the
powers of the judiciary and bring to trial any
citizen of the UnitedStat.es before itself, in its
own cause, without judge, without jury, with-
out regard to any of the common forms of law
in criminal trials, and whether it may, then, of
its own unrestrained will, inflict just such pun-
ishment as its passion, malignity, or caprice
shall suggest, even to the deprivation of prop-
erty, liberty, and life! It should be known,
and speedily, whether the people elect mem-
bers of this House to be their servants or their
tyrants. It should be understood whether this
House has the power to make itself a privileged
class, investing the persons of its members
with a holy sanctity above the people who
create them, and whether they shall have in
their persons, in their private characters and
relations to their fellow-citizens, immunities
and protection not belonging to the people in
general; whether, in fact, the election to Con-
gress makes the man a superior beingj and
endows him with privileges above all others.
Sir, I deny the jurisdiction and power of the
House in any and all such cases. That the
House may protect and defend itself and its
members, as a legislative and judicial body, in
its deliberations while in session, and its mem-
bers in going to and retiring from its sessions,
I most fully admit. This it may do as one of
the incidents of the body itself. The power
to act as such body implies the power to pro-
tect and defend itself as such. And by the
Constitution it is provided that members of
Congress shall not be liable to arrest " except
in case of treason, felony, and breach of the
peace during their attendance at the sessions,
and in going to and returning from the same
and they are not, for any speech in the House,
to be questioned in any other place.
In this incidental power of protecting itself
as a House of Representatives, and in the
power of protecting its members in the priv-
ilege from arrest, and being questioned in any
other place for words spoken in debate in the
House, are included all the powers and priv-
ileges of the House of Representatives and its
members. Beyond this no member of this
House is entitled to anything more than the
humblest citizen of the Republic. In all pri-
vate matters, controversies, quarrels, and alter-
cations a member is only the equal of every
other citizen. He is entitled to the same, and
no other privilege and protection. He is inirin-
sically, and because of his office, no holier than
other men; no better, no more sacred in his
person, character, or estate. Every other pro-
tension and claim is contemptible assumption
and rank usurpation. The powers that may
thus be exercised in self-preservation ought to
be limited, defined, and prescribed by positive
law, and not left to the will and caprice of the
body itself.
Mr. Speaker, what is this case ? Upon what
is this House now engaged? I will state it
without prevarication, extenuation, or color.
Pat, Woods did on the 80th day of May, 1870,
at Richmond, in the State of Virginia, some
two hundred miles from this Capitol, upon a
member of this House, while the House was in
session, commit a most wanton and unjustifi-
able assault by striking said member in the
face with his fist. I seek not in any way to
justify or palliate his crime. It is indefensible
to the last degree, so far as any testimony be-
fore the committee is concerned. I am in
what I shall say in no sense his defender; I
am asking nothing on his account. He, like
every other citizen, is entitled to his rights, all
his rights as a citizen ; and under no circum-
stances would I trifle with or abridge those
rights. I am dealing with a question in which
he can scarcely be said to have any more inter-
est than any one or all of us—any more than
other citizens of the country. The precedent
we are now establishing may reach far beyond
the individual rights of any one man.
The testimony in this case discloses the fact,
and nothing more, that Woods committed an
outrageous assault upon Mr. Porteii, a mem-
ber of this House ; this is the only undisputed
material fact. Every other material fact is
more or less in doubt upon the evidence. But
1 take Mr. Porter's own statement, that pre-
vious to the assault Woods addressed him by
his name and asked him to drink. Mr. Por-
ter declined, and gave as a reason that he was
going to his home, intending to take the cars
for Washington that night, and had only time
to do that before the cars would start. This,
I aver, is the utmost that can be claimed by
any man of just and fair mind to have been
shown by Mr. Porter himself and the witnesses
on his behalf. I will not appeal to any denial
or contradiction on the part of Woods, except
to state that it is perfectly clear, from the whole
testimony, that Woods had been drinking, and
was probably drunk or partially intoxicated at
Ihe time.
I suggest this not by way of defense or ex-
culpation, but that it accounts for some things
in his conduct otherwise inexplicable. Here,
then, the case stands; this is the extent of the
proofs in the case) There is not, I most sol-
emnly aver it, one scintilla of evidence, or any
attempt to give in evidence, any fact tend-
ing to show that Woods assaulted Porter for
any act done, word spoken, or on account of
his connection with Congress, or for anything
done or omitted as a member of this House.
On the contrary, it does not appear from the
testimony, nor can it be fairly inferred there-
from, that Woods knew Porter was or ever
had been a member of Congress. Congress
was not mentioned by Porter, Woods, or any
person present during the affray. Not the
remotest reference was made to anything it
had done, or was doing; nor was the fact that
Porter was a member alluded to by any one.
It may be inferred that W-oods was ready for
and urging war upon all Radicals. He attacked
Humphreys and others. He said he would
kill them all, and tried to get at them.
If anything is to be inferred as a motive for
the assault it is that he was indiscriminately
hostile to Radicals. Crazy and rash as he was,
wild and excited as he is described to be, in all
his recklessness he utters not one word against
Congress or Porter as a member.
The majority of the committee recommend
his incarceration in the jail of this District for
three months among other criminals. He is
therefore now before this House, at its bai1, on
his trial for an alleged crime. This House has
assumed jurisdiction of the person and the
offense, and is now engaged in the trial of the
prisoner for the crime. He must, therefore, in
any event be entitled to a fair and impartial
trial and to have the most familiar rules of the
criminal law applied to his case. He is not to
be presumed guilty. He is to have the benefit
of reasonable doubts. His motives and inten-
tions are to be considered, and the quality and
extent of his crime are to be determined
thereby. The preamble to the resolution of
the majority under consideration assumes that
Woods knew Porter to be a member of Con-
gress, and that he assaulted him as such mem-
ber and because he was a member.
Although this is, in my judgment, a most
unfounded assumption, without any testimony
on which to base it, it is_ clearly an admis-
sion that these are jurisdictional facts, that we
should be able to find these facts from the
testimony in order that we may take jurisdic-
tion of the case. But, as I have already stated,
there is not a word of testimony to prove even
that Woods knew that Porter was a member,
much less anything to show that he made the
assault because of his being a member of this
House. If, therefore, we assume to try and
punish him at all, we do so because of the fact
of the assault, and that it happened upon a
member of Congress, without regard to of
consideration of the motive or intention by
which he was actuated. The right ot power
to do this under our law at this day I did not
suppose would be contended for. It is in vio-
lation of all the well-settled principles of erim-
inal law. It makes the act itself a crime, with-
out regard to the intention. It is the revival
of the abominable doctrine of' constructive
crimes, which was long ago discarded in this
country as the worst and most barbarous sys-
tem of tyranny and wrong.
An accident, a misadventure, anything which
should by chance injure a member of Congress,
however innocent in and of itself, could be con-
strued and held a crime. The purest motive,
the kindest, the most benevolcht intention, the
