1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4313
Mr. BEAMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
thomas plumpsill.
Mr. KERR, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee on the Judiciary, reported adversely
on the memorial of Thomas Plumpsill for
relief; and the same was laid on the table.
judicial district in kentucky. '
Mr. IvERfl also, from the same committee,
reported back, with the recommendation tliat
it do not pass, the bill (H. II. No. 49) to create
a new judicial district in the State of Kentucky ;
and the same was laid on the table.
Mr. KERR, moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was laid on the table; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
roman catholic clergymen.
Mr. STONE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (II. 11. No. 2179) for the relief of
the corporation of Roman Catholic clergymen
of St. Mary's county, Maryland; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee of Claims.
removal of causes from state courts.
Mr. DAVIS. I am unanimously instructed
by the Committee on the Judiciary to report
back with an amendment a bill introduced by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Wood-
ward,] being the bill (H, R. No. 2058) to amend
an act entitled "An act for the removal of
causes in certain cases from State courts,"
approved July 27, I860, and an act amendatory
the'reof, approved March 2, 1867. I ask unan-
imous consent to make the report.
The bill was read for information. It provides
that the act entitled "An act for the removal
of causes in ceitain cases from State courts,"
approved July 27,18G6, and the act amendatory
thereof, approved March 2, 1867, shall apply
to actiuns of ejectment brought or to be brought
against tenants in possession, in all eases where
the respective claimants of title or the real par-
ties in interest are citizens of different States,
and the affidavit and the surety required by
said acts may be made and given by the tenant
in possession, or his landlord, with the same
effect as if both were parties of record to the
suit.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. There is so
mueh law in that bill that I would like to know
something about it before I agree to its pas-
sage.
Mr. DAVIS. The bill was introdueeu by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Wood-
ward] and has received the unanimous ap-
proval of the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. EKDRIDGE. I will say so far as the
minority of the Judiciary Committee I mean
the Democratic portion of the committee is
concerned, that this bill was unanimously
agreed to by the committee. X think it is right
myself; I have no doubt about it-
No objection was made.
The amendment reported by the committee,
to stiike out the word "apply :: and insert in
lieu thereof "extend," was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it yras accordingly read the tlmd
time, and passed. ^
Mr. DAVIS moved to reeonsifler the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
port of delivery at st. joseph, missouri.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I ask unanimous
consent to report from tbe Committee on Com-
merce a bill to establish a port of delivery at
St. Joseph, Missouri.
The bill was read. It proposes to constitute
the city of St- Joseph, in the State of Missouri,
a port of delivery, and annex it to and make it
a partof the collection district of New Orleans.
Mr. ROGERS. I object.
The objection was subsequently withdrawn;
and the bill (H. E. No. 2180) to establish a
port of delivery at St. Joseph, Missouri, was
read a first and second time, ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. PINKELNBURG moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
amendments to the constitution.
Mr. BINGHAM, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on the Judiciary, reported
a substitute for the bill (H. R. No. 915) to
regulate the mode of determining the ratifica-
tion of amendments to the Constitution of the
United States proposed by Congress; which was
recommitted to the committee, and ordered to
be printed.
BUSINESS OF THE .JUDICIARS" COMMITTEE.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask unanimous consent
that leave be granted to the Committee on the
Judiciary on Wednesday next, after the morn-
ing hour, to report bills of a public nature to
the House for their consideration.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
Mr. BINGHAM. Some of the bills are of
great importance.
Mr. RANDALL. And some of them are
verv bad.
Mr. DAWES. I object.
equalization 01? uocnties.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to report from the
Committee on Military Affairs the bill (IT. 11.
No. 1910) to equalize the bounties of soldiers
who served in the late war for the Union.
Mr. DAWES. I object.
district police court.
Mr. COOK submitted the following report:
The committco of conforencc on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments of the
Senate to the bill (U.K.No. 338) to establish a police
court for the District of Columbia, having met, after
lull andfrce conference have agreed to recommend,
and do recommend to their respective Houses, as
follows:
That the IIousc reccde from Us disagreement to tho
amendment's of tho Senate, and agree to tho samo
with the following amendments, namely:
in section ono of the Senate amendments, line
eleven, strike out the words "two judges" and
insert the words " one judge."
In section one, lino eleven, sh-iko out the word
"mem " and insert the words "aman."
In section one, line fourteen, strike out the words
" their offices" and insert tho words " his office."
In section one, line fifteen, btuko out the words
"their offices they " and insert the words " his offico
he."
In scctlon two, line one, strike out tho words
"enehof."
In section two, line two, strike out the word
"judges" and insert tho word "judge."
In section three, line two, after the word "inform-
ation" insert the words" under oath."
In section four, lines four and five, strike out the
following words: "court maybe held by either of
saidjudges. Kaeh." ,
In section four, line seven, alter the wore, com-
plaint" insert the words "under oath."
In section tour, linos twenty-three and twenty-
four, strike out the words "either of said judged'
and insert the words "said judge."
Insert the following at the end of section four:
And moiseof sickness absence, or disability of said
police judge,either of the justices ot tho supreme
court of the District of Columbia shall designate
some justice of the poaco of said District to discharge
the duties of said police judge until such disability
bo removed, who shall take tbe same oath as is pre-
scribed for baid judge of the police court, and shall
receive the sum of ten dollars per day for the time
he shall serve, to be paid in the sa-me manner as tho
salary ot said policejudgois paid." t „
In section six, lino two, stiike out the woros one
or more" and insert after the word ' bailiff the
words "not exceeding two.
In section six, line five, strike out tho word a
and insert the word "the."
In section eight, line four, strike out the words
"One-of saidjudges" and insert tho word "judge."
In section eight, line eight, after tho word "in-
formation" insert the words "or couipiaipt."
In section eleven, lino eight, after the word " in-
formation " insert the words M br complaint"
In section twelve,lines one and two, strike oufctho
words "each of the judges of."
In section twelve, line three, after tho word
'doeds" insert tho word "and."
Strike out all of section twelve after the word
"offices," in lino three. . -
In section fourteen, line two, strike out the word
' judges" and insert the word "judge."
In section seventeen, lineseventeen, striko out the
words "adoputy or deputies" and insert" his depu-
ties or assistants,"
In section seventeen, line eighteen, strike out the
words " two. thousand live hundred " and insert tho
words "four thousand."
In section seventeen, line thirty-sis, strike outthQ
word "personal."
In section eighteen, lino eight, strike out tho word
"absolutely.
In section eighteen, lines ten and eleven, striko
out the words "by said attorney, assistant, or dep-
uty." . .
In section eighteen, lines eleven and twelve, strike
out tho words "and of felony."
In section nineteen, line six, after the word " com-
plaint" insert the words "under oath."
,ln section ninetcen lin<aeight,strike outthowords
" or a judgo thereof."
Add the following at the end of section nineteen:
And all acts of Congress authorizing justices of the
peace to sit at tho respective station-houses to hear
charges against persons who may be arrested and
carried thereto, and fixing compensation thereto,
arc hereby ropealed. •
In section twenty, lino one, striko out tho words
"cither of tho judges" and insert tho'words "tho
judgo."
In section twenty-two, line two, strike out the word
"thirty" and insert the word " ten."
And that the Senato agree to the same.
BURTON C. COOK,
M. WELKER,
JOHN FOX,
Managers on the hart of the House.
11. HAMLIN,
GEORGE VICKERS.
MATT. H. CARPENTER,
Managers on the pai t of the Senate.
- The report was agreed to.
Mr. COOK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the report was adopted; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SUITS APffJSCTING STATUS.
Mr. McG-REW. I ask unanimous consent
that the House take from the Speaker's table
the bill (S.* No. 939) giving priority to certain
case3 to which a State is a party, in the courts
of the United States.
The bill was read for information. It pro-
vides that in all suits and actions, either at law
or in chancery now pending, or that may here-
after be brought iu any of the courts of the
United States (whether original suits in the
courts of the United States or brought into
those courts by appeal, writ of error? or re-
moval from any State court) wherein a State
is a party, or where the execution of tho
revenue laws of any State may be enjoined or
stayed by judicial order or process, it shall
be the duty of any court in which such cause
may be pending, on sufficient reason shown,
to give such cause the preference and priority
over all other civil causes pending in such
court between private parties. And the State
or the party claiming under the laws of the
State, the execution of whose revenue laws is
enjoined or suspended, shall have a right to
have such cause heard at any time after such
cause is docketed in such court, in preference
to any other civil cause pending in such court
between private parties.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
consideration of the bill at this time?
Mr. MUNGEN. I object. .
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Let it be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to
referring the bill to the Committee on tne
Judiciary? > ,.n
There was no objection; and the Dill was
so referred. • ' .
HECONSlDERATrON O.F It&FKEENCBS, &TC.
Mr. RANDALL. I to reconsider the
