3370
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May H;
rial which goes into the American ship is reex-
ported when she first sails from port for a for-
eign country. A simple statement of the case
shows the advantage given to the foreign ship-
builder over our own, and demonstrates the
justice and the necessity for the application of
the drawback principle to vessels engaged in
the foreign trade. It also demonstrates the
great advantage foreigners have over our own
builders, and the reason why still further aid
should be afforded. So, too, of ship's stores.
Every vessel, whether American or foreign,
on entering from a foreign country, is allowed
to enter the stores which are to be consumed
on board free of duty, and to retain a suffi-
cient amount for consumption on its outward
voyage. Che outfit and stores to be used by
an American vessel on its voyage to a foreign
country ought certainly to be placed on. as
favorable footing as those of a foreign vessel
which arrives in an American port from a for-
eign country.
These provisions of the bill, as will be seen,
place the American ship-builder andship-owner
upon the same footing, so far as building-ma-
terial and stores to be used on the voyage are
concerned, as the foreign owner and builder is
placed by his Government, leaving him to con-
tend only against the cost of transporting his
materials and the disadvantage of having to
obtain them at a distance from the place where
they are to be used, and the additional disad-
vantage of higher priced labor in constructing j
and sailing his vessels.
To the builder of wood«n ships this draw-
back of the duty on the material may be
sufficient,, as he has attained a knowledge and
a skill in the art of ship-building which enabled
him before the war to build, if not absolutely
the cheapest, the best ships that sailed the
ocean. With the iron ship-builder the case
is different. He is inaugurating a business
which is new to this country, but which in
Great Britain has, under most favorable cir-
cumstances, been brought to great perfection.
It is the unanimous opinion of those engaged
in building iron ships that the plates and
frames for such vessels can only be advan-
tageously rolled and wrought near where they
are to be used; that they must be made to
order to save waste and labor, and that it would
be expensive and inconvenient to send patterns
to England to shape tbe frames, beams, and
plates of a vessel by; that if the iron were
imported in the crude shape it would require
a larger outlay of capital to .work it in connec-
tion with the yards where tbe vessels would be
built than could be commanded to start a new
and comparatively experimental business of
t.lais kiud. They are also of opinion that by
the use of American iron much better vessels
can be built, with a reduced weight of metal,
on account of its superior quality.
As an illustration of the superiority of Amer-
ican iron and its appreciation by the underwrit-
ers, Mr. John Tucker, the-vice, president of the
Heading railroad, stated to the committee, at
its session in Philadelphia, that one of the iron
steam-colliersbuilt for his company at Chester,
Pennsylvania, while passing Hell Gate, New
York harbor, last summer, struck arock, cut-
ting about ten feet in her bottom. . The vessel
was raised and the injured piece of iron plate
was exhibited and attracted considerable atten-
tion. In accordance with their request, the
piece was sent to the Lloyds underwriters in
France as a specimen of the quality of Ameri'
can iron, and resulted in a reduction.of insur-
ance on these vessels of from eighteen to seven
and a half per cent, per aunum, a savingof
ten and a half per cent, per annum in insurance
made by the use of American iron. ;
It was urged before the committee with greit
force that by the use of American iron -we
should develop the business and build up a
class of vessels that would soon obtain a cliai'-
acter for superiority of material and workman-
ship, aud that, as in the case of the collier
referred to, the insurance companies would dis-
criminate in their favor; that American inven-
tion and ingenuity would be brought into play,
and the same superiority in marine architect-
ure would manifest itself in the construction of
iron that was formerly manifested in construct-
ing wooden vessels. Americans are ready to
adopt new ideas, and are on the qui vive for the
latest improvements, while the foreigner is apt
to plod on in the beaten path and resist all
innovations. There can be no doubt that we
have in this country, at points proximate to our
large navigable rivers in the South and West, ,
as well as on the Atlantic coast, iron, coal, and
timber that will, when these resources are fully
developed, enable us to compete with any
nation in the building of iron or composite ;
vessels, and that it would be of great advantage ,
to the country to encourage and secure the .
building of such vessels from American iron, j
In regard to the practicability of building j
this class of vessels on our western rivers as
cheaply as they can be built in Europe, after the
business has been established, I desire to call
attention to the letter of John Player, of Phil-
adelphia, who, my colleague on the commit- ;|
tee [Mr. Moiuiell] informs roe, has had large |
experience in the iron business in Great Britain, |
as well as in. this country. Mr. Player says, j
(page 208 of report:) ,;
"It is chiefly the laok of organization and tbe
situations of the different establishments that pre- .
vent ship plate-iron being cheaply produced. It ia
  foot beyond dispute that pig iron can be made as
cheap, andooal can be obtained eheaper.on the Ohio
than on the Tees, .in England. Why. then,,cannot ,
iron for ship-building be made and snips be built op ;
i he Ohio at the same prico by ton with American ,
iron as at the Atlantic ports with European iron,
even if no duty is paid on it? Simply for wantQf
the organization used in England and the policy
used in Prance." * * * * • * *
"Tbe best locality for building iron ships in the
United States will be found to be on the Mississippi or
Ohio rivers above Cairo: and tho situation where ;
iron For building the same can be made as cheap as ;
in England i« on the Ohio."* * * * . *'
"But other questions may be asked.- Can pig iron ,
be made on the Ohio and coal worked for converting
it into ship-plates at the same price as iron and coal i
costs in England ? The answer is decidedly yes,and
scores of places eoutyl be pointed out on the Ohio i
where pig iron can bo niade and coal delivered quite |
as cheap as in England, and why this is not gener- I
ally known eould easily be explained if necessary.
This subject is one of tbe greatest national import-
ance, and should be investigated by those who are in- I
terested in the prosperity of the country before meas-
ures are taken which will only partially assist in im-
proving the condition of ship-owners, and whioh can
never satisfy the nation. With such enormous de-
posits of iron ore and coal throughout the country in
situations most favorable for working them, ia it
policy to let them remain undisturbed and purchase
ships with gold from other nations, or employ capi-
tal at home in developing theresourees of the coun-
try, and give employment to thousands of its inhabit-
ants?"
As an illustration and confirmation of this
statement, take the Slates of Missouri, Ala.
bama, and Arkansas, all having within their
borders inexhaustible supplies of iron,c©Al,
and timber near the large navigable rivers.
It is estimated that Missouri alone can supply
one million tons of iron annually for the next
two hundred years. Within the borders of
that State is double the area of coal that is
embraced within the kingdom of Great Brit-
ain.. . These States have not only this abund-
ance of coal, iron, and timber, but a fertile
soil, producing cheap food and the material
for cheap clothing. Nothing is wanted but
labor, and that is flowing in with constant and
ever-increasing volume. We have only to cre-
ata ^ demand for this labor to being it to us
and locate it where it ia wanted. It is easier
and cheaper to bring or attract the labor to our
country, where the land, food, and material are
cheap and abundant, than to employ and feed
the same labor to manufacture for as in a for-
eign country.
What folly td employ labor in a foreign coun-
try when we can so mueh more advantageously
plant it beside the raw material aud employ it
in our own. Coal has become one of thechief
elements of production, and our coal-fieldB
exceed those of All the rest of the world. No
exhibit of tbe future power of the nations ia
more striking than the following estimates of
their respective coal-fields;
Square milci
of cortl,
Australia 100,000
Belgium  578
Prance -  2,Uw
Spain  4,000
Great Britain  12,000
British Provinces  18,000
United States 220,103
The statistics furnished by our consuls,
.seen by the report, show that the costof build-
ing in England ha3 been reduced since 18G0
nearly twenty per cent., and this notwithstand-
ing materials and labor are now somewhat
higher than at that time. The reduction is
undoubtedly attributable to the experience ac-
quired in the business. The difference in cost
between building iu the United States and
Great Britain is now not more than thirty-three
percent; and I doubt not that with five years'
experience w.e should entirely overcome this
difference. The difference in the cost of labor
is not very great, and more than one half ot' the
cost is labor; for although we pay higher rates
of wages we overcome the difference largely
by the greater intelligence and efficiency of
American labor—brainsand muscle being com-
bined here while in Europe they are separated.
Mr. Morse says on this point, page 220 of
Report:
"Tho labor of all grades and classes of artisans
employed in the construction of ships in England
ana Scotland i9 cheaper than in the United States,
ranging in London from four shillings to seven shil-
lings sixpence per day, on the Clyde one shilling less,
and in the north of England even lower. But this
does not afford the English builder much if any ad-
vantage, because American mechanics perform more
labor in a given time than the same workmen do in
this country."
! This is in accord with the unanimous testi-
mony of ship-builders who appeared before the
committee. Much of the labor in iron ships
is machine labor, p.nd this is as cheap in the
United States as in England. #
The importance of introducing this business
of iron Ship-building into the United States is
so great and the amount that it would cost
comparatively so trifling, that I hope the proviso
which provides for the payment of an amount
equal to the duties on imported material when
American material is used will not be struck
out, but that the section will be allowed to
remain as it now stands. I think gentlemen
who have not examined the subject specially
will be surprised when the facts and figures are
presented, to see the trifling cost at which we
can establish this most important branoh of
business upon a permanent basis, adding year
by year to our merchant marine a class of ves-
sels which will contribute incalculably to the
wealth bf the nation in peace, and furnish a
naost efficient means of defense in case of war.
The small annual'subsidy provided for in
fiction three of the bill to'be paid to all Amer-
ican Vessels engaged in the foreign trade will be
more than provided for by the tax upon the ton-
nage collected under section four. This tax
will be largely paid by foreign vessels, partic-
ularly steamers, which have most of our car-
rying trade. The amount per ton is not large,
and it is the only tax imposed upon tonnage
by the Federal Government. The aggregate
revenue derived is considerable, as will be
seen by the following calculation :
Tonnage entering United Slates from foreign porta.
American 
Foreign  5.34<.69&
8.750.362
Dcduct tonnage in traders paying but one
tax per year  i.toi.*h
7,049.028
At 50 cents per ton  : 3,521,514
Paid out to, uaxior the third section ot tha
bill under consideration, sail vessels and
steamers. 1,448,13$ tons, at 81 50 pjr
ton 82,232.189
Steamers, 77,995 tons, atS3 per ton, 233t7&> ^ ^ ^
I Leaving 4 balanoe of.,;  
