5258
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
giving of a glass of cold water, a friendly shake
of the hand, if it should result injuriously, would
nevertheless under this doctrine be a crime—
subjecting the party to the jurisdiction "and
punishment of this House. Absurd as these
propositions appear, I understand it to be
claimed by some of the members of the com-
mittee, and all who would punish the prisoner
Woods upon the case against him as presented
by the testimony before the House must hold
that the intention of the person charged with
an assault upon a member of Congress has
nothing to do with the case. He is bound
to know whether he does or not; he must at
his peril know a member of the House. He
must make no mistake, for however innocent
the mistake may be under our general crim-
inal law, under this pretended law of Par-
liament, by which alone we are to judge, mis-
takes that injure members of Congress are
crimes. A member of Congress may spit upon
liim, insult him, his wife or children, he cannot
resent it, he connot hurl him from them ; his
person is holy, he is protected by the panoply
and power of the House; he is not only backed
by the law of the land, but by the law of Par-
liament. No ignorance of the person, or char-
acter or office of the individual, no weakness
or stupidity by which he is unable instantly
and intuitively to distinguish the superior and
sacred flesh of a member from common mor-
tals, can be plead or considered in defense or
extenuation of his offense. He is bound to
know that the man is a member, says my dis-
tinguished friend from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham.]
This certainly settles the whole question—the
fact constitutes the crime. You must know
and be out of the way of a member. It is no
excuse that you do not know him. None that
you did not intend to injure, hinder, or delay
him. Is it not indeed important to be able to
distinguish him from others ?
There was some little sensation created when
it was rumored that the waiters and servants of
the Arlington Hotel were to be uniformed.
Some thought itwasalittle snobbish, and were
in doubt about the cause. But, sir, the pro-
prietor of the Arlington knew his business.
He had good common sense, if he did not
understand parliamentary law. Indeed, he
must have known something of the law of
Parliament. He must have taken lessons from
the majority of the committee. Ho was wiser
than most members of Congress. lie had
learned probably, from his long experience at
Albany in his connection with the New York
Legislature, that his servants were liable to be
taken for "members." He knew the embar-
rassments likely to occur in the inability of the
mass of the people to distinguish with the
"naked eye" Senators and members of the
House from his servants. He may have
seen by the recent action of the Senate that
this difficulty was increasing, and he took
timely precaution against his servants being
taken away on a call of the House, or being
whipped for some rascality a member might
commit. He may have known that parlia-
mentary law required everybody to instantly
recognize and distinguish a member of Con-
gress, wherever he might be ; but he knew this
right to be recognized was only the privilege
of the member—it does not attach to servants
and others. The privilege does not work both
ways ; it does not require a member to know a
man, nor prevent a man from taking a servant
for a member.
Sir, if this doctrine be true, if the people are
by law required to recognize a member on
sight, I submit that for greater certainty, to
give the people a chance, and that members
may not be injured or interrupted in their
official duties unnecessarily, it ought to be pro-
vided by a rule of the House that every mem-
ber should be labeled with some suitable and
proper label in front and rear by which the
innocent and unwary may be warned that be-
tween those labels is sacred flesh, to touch
which would be a crime, a breach of the
privileges of Congress, and subject the offender
to new and most extraordinary jurisdictions
and punishments. Sir, I undertake to say that
there is not one member of this House who
knows every other member when he meets him
in Washington, and how much more unlikely
is he to know a member when he meets him
elsewhere? How absurd, then, is it to hold
that it is a crime, a crime against the privileges
and dignity of Congress, in the masses not to
know a member and to deal with him as with
other men! There is but one legal rule, but
one legal and safe way in matters of this kind,
and that is not to attempt to extend our juris-
diction and privileges beyond the pale of com-
mon sense.
It is an outrage upon all our law, upon com-
mon sense, to say that a man is guilty of a
contempt of this House and a violation of its
privileges who in a personal quarrel, or on
some sudden emergency, assaults a member,
the assault having no relation to his congres-
sional acts or character, and the person com-
mitting the assault not intending any contempt
or breach of its privileges, and not even know-
ing the person assaulted is a member. I de-
nounce this attempt to extend our jurisdiction
as most dangerous, unwarrantable, and absurd.
It is opposed to our Constitution and system
of government, and absurdly unnecessary in
order to protect Congress in all its constitu-
tional and legitimate functions. It will ulti-
mately, as it ought, bring this House into con-
tempt with the people. It is another blow
aimed at their liberties. It is another assump-
tion of unhallowed power by this House, and
if persisted in will render it deservedly odious.
I denounce no less earnestly the jurisdiction
and powers claimed by the majority of .the
committee in their report than the source from
whence they are sought to be derived. I do
not admit that we derive our parliamentary
law from England. How comes it that the
law of Parliament is the law of Congress? 15}'
what act, what resolve of the Legislature or
any other branch of the Government? The
common law of England is not the law of the
United States or of any of the States, unless it
has been expressly adopted. How can the
committee say, then, that this House can find
authority for this proceeding in the practice
and law of Parliament! Parliament is omnip-
otent, having original and unlimited powers;
but this House has no powers and can exercise
none, except such as are expressly granted and
as are necessarily incident to those so granted.
The committee derive this power which is to
be exercised in this case from an "uninter-
rupted series" of decisions in England and in
this country. In this country as yet there has
been no decision to warrant this proceeding.
In the case of Anderson vs. Dunn (6 Wheaton)
the court said:
"The present question is, what is the extent of the
punishing power which the deliberative assemblies
of the Union may assume and exercise on the princi-
ple of self-preservation ? Analogyandthenature of
tlio ease furnish the answer: tho least possible power
adequate to the end proposed, which is thepovvor of
imprisonment. Itmayatfirsl view, and from the his-
tory of the practice of legislative bodies, bo thought
to extend to other inflictions. But every orhcr will
be found to be mere commutations for confinement,
since eouimitmcntalone is the alternative where the
individual proves contumacious. Anil oven to the
duiationof iiupusonment a peiiod isimposed by the
nature of things, vinec the existence of tue power
that imprisons is indispensable toils continuance;
and although the legislative power continues perpet-
ual the I egiylauvebody ceases to existon fheruoment
of its adjournment or periodical dissolution. It fol-
lows that imprisonment must terminate with that
adjournment." : ' - "Butthe Amer-
ican legislative bodies have never possessed or pre-
tended to the omnipotence which constitutes the
leading feature in the legislative assembly of tfre.it
Britain, and which may have led occasionally to the
exercise of caprice under the specious appearance of
merited resentment."
In case of the assault of Jarvis upon Adams
the same doctrine is maintained by the major-
ity and minority of the committee; and the
majority in this case, although finding a eon-
tempt, recommend only a nominal punishment,
because of the fact that parliamentary law was
so generally unknown and Jarvis was ignorant
of it.
And if we have as our source of power the
law of Parliament of England, then we have
all the infernal precedents, all the outrages
perpetrated by that body for our guide. We
have it with all its absurdities, all its abuses,
all its wantonness and wicked disregard of
liberty and civil rights. What may not this
House do, what jurisdiction has it not, what
punishment may it not inflict upon any or all
the citizens of the United States, if the law of
Parliament be the law of this House, if its
precedents are to be our guide and the meas-
ure of our powers ? What has not the Par-
liament of England done under pretense of
punishing contempt and for breach of its priv-
ileges and protecting its dignity? There is
not a principle of our law it has not repeatedly
outraged and trodden under foot.
What is this Lex Paiiiamenti with which the
majority of the committee have become so sud-
denly enamored, and to which they appeal for
justification of their judgment upon the pris-
oner at the bar? Let us look at some of the
decisions in the "uninterrupted series" referred
to, and see if we are prepared to follow them
as the law of the American Congress, as the
law of this House. Let us see if they accord
with our Constitution, with our free institutions,
with that idea and spirit of liberty that inspires
and vivifies our system of free government:
"The Commons have ordered at various times
'that no news-letter writers do in their letters or other
papers presume to intermeddle with the debates or
any other proceedings of this House.'"—(December
22, 16!«.)
" That no printer or publisher of any printed news-
papers do pieaume to insert in any such papers any
debates or n.ny other proceedings of this House, or of
any committee thereof."—(February 11, 1696.)
" That it is an indignity to and a breach of priv-
ilege of this House for any person to presume to give
in written or printed newspapers any account or
minute of the deba tes o.r other proceedings. That
upon the discovery of the authors, printers, or pub-
lishers of any such newspapers this House will pro-
ceed against the o (Fenders with the utmost severity."
(February 20, 1728.)
"Ill 1857 Lord Campbell, in a report on privilege
of the lord's committee, endeavored to protect
reports of parliamentary proceedings, when pub-
lished bonafide trom the law ol libel."
"Indignities ofi'ered to the character or proceed-
ings of Parliament by libelous reflections have
always been resented and punished as breaches of
privilege, Somebave been icprimanded, some com-
mitted to the custody of the sergeint-at-arms, while
many have been confined m the Tower and in New-
gate, and fine, imprisonment, and the pillory have
been adjudged."—MrParhamcnt'O'y Practice, 88.
"December 15, 1756, George King was lined fifty
pounds and committed to Newgate for six months
for publishing 4 a spurious and iorged punted paper,
dispersed and privately sold as his Majesty's speech
to the House ol Pailiament.'"
'' In 1798 Lambert and Perry wore fined fifty pounds
each and committed to Newgate for three months
for a newspaper paragraph highly reflecting on the
honor of the house."
"In 1550 William Thrower was committed to the
custody of the sergeant for a contempt in words
against tho dignity of the house."
"In 1580 Mr. Anthony Hall, a member, was im-
prisoned, fined, and expelled for having iirinted anil
published a libel containing 'matter of infamy of
sundry good particular niemDers of the house, and
of_ the whole state of the Louse in general, and also
of the prAVcr and authority ol the house.' "
" In 1528 Henry Allyn was committed for a libel on
the last Pailiament."
"In 1618 the archdeacon of Bath was committed
for abusing the last Parliament."
" In 1701 Thomas Colepepper was committed for
reflections on the last House of Commons."
" In Peter Srunrt was committed for printing
in his paper libelous reflections on the character and
conduct ol tile House."
" In 1810 Sir Francis Burdelt, a member, was sent
to the Tower for publishing a libelous and scandal-
ous paper, reflecting upon the just rights and priv-
ileges of the House."
" In 1S19 Mr. Hobhousc was committed to Newgate
for a libel."
"February 26,183S, Mr. O'Connell, a member, was
reprimanded at the barofthe house for words spoken
at a public meeting, charging the committee cf the
house on elections with perjury."
"March 22, 1628, Thomas Mosly was fined £100,
sent to tho pillory, and imprisoned iu the Fleet fur
a libel on the lord keeper."
"In 1779Flower waslinedandcommittcdforalibel
on the bishop of Llandaff."
"In lS3-fBitiIesron,cditorof the Morning Post, wa3
committed for a libel ou Lord Chancellor Brougham
in the discharge of his judicial duties in tho House
of Lords."
"fnlSilthe author of a paragraphia tho John Ball
