4314
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
various votes by which bills and joint resolu-
tions have been this morning referred or re-
committed; and also move that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CHARGES OF BRIBERY.
Mr. FITCH. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I send to the desk an extract from the
Evening Post of yesterday, and ask the Clerk
to read it.
The Chief Glerk read as follows:
"Your correspondent this morning called upon
General Butler, and asked him whether, in his
explanation yesterday in reference to Mr. Fitch, he
intended to say that there was no evidence before
his committee directly or indirectly implicating Mr.
3?itch. General Butlek said this was nothis mean-
ing, nor could he truthfully say so. There was no
direct evidence against Mr. Fitch, but there was
indirect testimony."
Mr. FITCH. I call upon the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] to state whether
that statement in the New York Evening Post
is true or not.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The state-
men is not correct; and I desire leave of the
House to say a few words in order that this
matter may be fully and correctly stated. I
desire on my own personal account to state to
the House why I cannot report to the House
upon this subject. I have tried for some days
to bring up the matter in the Committee on
the Judiciary in order to get their sanction to
a report; but the press of business has been
such, in consequence of prior orders, that we
have not yet been able to reach the matter and
act upon it. But I hope that we will be able
to reach the question on Monday next.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to say here, and
I am very sure the House will excuse me for
saying so—and I think it due, also, to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Botler] that
I should say—when it was attempted to bring
this matter up in the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, the gentleman from Massachusetts said
that there was not a word to implicate the gen
tleman from Nevada, [Mr. Fitch,] but on the
contrary everything freed him from imputa-
tion.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. There have
been names mentioned and witnesses called in
the case of some gentlemen named; and in
every case there has been nothing that impugned
the honor or propriety of action of any member
of the House. There has been evidence that
some approaches were made to one or two
members of this House.
Mr. ELDRIDGE.
order.
The SPEAKER.
his point of order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. My point of order is that
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. But-
ler] has no right to state what occurred in the
committee.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I was
saying 
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman may state
what has not occurred; but he has no right to
state that there has been evidence taken tend-
ing to cast imputation upon anybody.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I stated
directly the contrary.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. That amounts to a dif-
ference of opinion between the gentleman and
myself.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I said
directly to the contrary.
Mr. SARGENT. I insist that the gentleman
from Nevada, [Mr. Fitch,] as a question of
privilege, has a right to know whether any mem-
ber has authorized the statement made by a cor-
respondent allowed by this House to occupy a
seat in its galleries tending to implicate the
gentleman from Ne vada, and whether there has
been any evideno#* taken by the committee
I rise to a question of
The gentleman will state
directly or indirectly implicating that gentle-
man.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
said, if the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Eldridge] will but listen, that there was no
evidence tending to implicate any member of
this House. But I say again that there was
evidence tending to show 
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. My point of order is
that the gentleman from Massachusetts has
no right to state what the evidence before the
committee tended to show until the report is
made.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then I
will not say anything upon the subject.
The SPEAKER. It is an established rule
of the House that a member has no right, if
objection is made, to state on the floor of the
House what took place in the committee-room.
The Chair understood the question of privilege
raised by the gentleman from Nevada [Mr.
Fitch] to be whether the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Butler] had given any author-
ization to a newspaper statemeut by a reporter.
That does not necessarily involve what took
place in the committee-room.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. That is what I under-
stood, and what 1 now understand.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
endeavor to prevent all this misunderstanding,
and if the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Eldridge] will not be so sensitive we will put
this matter entirely right. I desire to state fur-
ther that there has not been any evidence, any
imputation upon the action of any member of
this House.
Mr. SARGENT. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] allow me to in-
terrupt him for a moment?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will go
further, if you will allow me to finish ; and all,
sir, I have ever said in the matter is this: that
there have been names mentioned, but in every
case there has been proper action on the part
of every member of the House, so far as any-
thing has appeared to us from the testimony
taken.
Now, in regard to this correspondent, I was
asked simply by the correspondent the question,
not as I understood as affecting the integrity
or propriety of action of the gentleman from
Nevada, and any inference from what I said
affecting the gentleman from Nevada, as show-
ing impropriety of action taken by him, or sup-
posed to affect him, is wholly incorrect.
Mr. FITCH. Will the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts answer this question implicitly?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
Mr. FITCH. Is there any evidence before
your committee tending to implicate me, even
indirectly, in any discreditable manner what-
ever?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. By no
means.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I ask the
gentleman from Massachusetts to answer the
same question in reference to myself.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
As I have said already, every member of Con-
gress, so far as this case has gone, has behaved
himself exactly as a gentleman should do, in
my judgment.
Mr. FITCH. Mr. Speaker, I desire to say,
if the House will give me its attention, in re-
sponse to the editorial which appears in the
paper of the same date of this telegraphic
correspondence, that I do not know Mr. N. B.
Taylor; that I have never to my knowledge
met Mr. N. B. Taylor; and if there is any
testimony of Mr. N. B. Taylor, or any other
person, that he ever approached or offered me
any bribe, or any consideration whatever, in
anywise, it is utterly false. And I shall ask
this of the House—I feel some delicacy about
making the motion myself, but if no one else
will make it I will make the motion myself—
that this reporter of the New York Evening
Post, Mr. William Scott Smith, having circu-
lated a foul slander against my character and
reflecting upon the dignity and assailing the priv-
ileges of this House, and having, in response
to a public disavowal of his slanders upon the
floor of the House, reiterated it and made
another false statement of matters alleged to
have been stated by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] which he states, and
no doubt truly states, he never made, I ask
that the reporter of the New York Evening
Post, on account of these actions, be excluded
from the correspondents' gallery of this House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will reduce
his motion to writing, stating in full the name
of the correspondent.
Mr. FITCH. William Scott Smith is, I am
informed, the name of the correspondent of
the New York Evening Post.
Mr. GARFIELD, ot' Ohio. How does the
gentleman know the one named is the one who
wrote these articles?
Mr. FITCH. Because this comes from the
regular correspondent, and William ScottSmith
is the regular correspondent of the New York
Evening Post, and I am also informed that he
is the person who sent off the telegraphic dis-
patch.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. There may be
more than one correspondent.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the gentleman will
look into the Congressional Directory he will
see that that is the name of the correspondent
of the New York Evening Post.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. We should first
ascertain that this is the same person who sent
off the dispatch.
Mr. FITCH. It is suggested to me by gen-
tlemen of longer experience that the better
motion would be that the reporter of the New
York Evening Post, who occupies a seat in the
reporters' gallery of the House, be required to
appear at the bar of the House to show cause
why he should not be expelled for libelous
statements concerning members.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Ithinkthatis the proper
motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
in cases of this kind that under the rules all
motions should be reduced to writing.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I think that is the proper
course. We should not act precipitately in
this matter, but give every man a fair trial. If
this correspondent be innocent he should have
an opportunity to exculpate himself.
Mr. WOODWARD. If this resolution is to
bo offered it should embrace other reporters.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. One at a time.
Mr. WOODWARD. If the reporters in the
gallery can slander members on this floor with
impunity, as I had supposed, without any notice
being ever taken of it, then I think that all
ought to enjoy the same privilege. But if one
is to be brought to the bar of this House to
answer for slander I think others should be
brought also, because I am sure there are other
offenders in the reporters' gallery besides this
one.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I suggest to the gentle-
man that there be a separate indictment for
each case.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Speaker, I have no
doubt that the reputation of each gentleman
on this floor is dear to him. The members of
this House are almost defenseless against these
semi-anonymous attacks which go out from the
reporters' gallery to the press. Now, here is
a case which the House can investigate, and
upon which it can pronounce its judgment.
And it can do so deliberately, and with a pur-
pose that if there is a conviction of slander in
this case the party shall forfeit the privileges
he has heretofore enjoyed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I would
suggest that the question be referred to the
committee whicb is already investigating the
very subject
