170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
his amendment. I do not. • I agree with him
in every particular in matter of doctrine that
the United States has a right to impose this
condition upon- the admission of that State ;
but all things that are lawful are not profitable,
and On the mere -question' of expediency 1
differ, and" the remarks which 1 made were
intended to be in the nature of what the Puri-
tan divines used to call practical observation.
I have no objection- to the doctrine of the
amendment. I will never vote in my place to
admit that State until she does ratify the fif-
teenth amendment unless I experience some
unexpected change of mind or heart; but I
do not see the necessity of our announcing in
advance what we will or will not do. We shall
have, if this bill goes into operation, a practical
and legal investigation going on in the State of
Georgia itself aa to the manner in which that
Legislature is constituted. When we see the
result of that investigation we can then determ-
ine whether the Legislature as it was organ-
ized at the time her Senators were elected was
properly constituted, or whether the changes
that will take place by imposing this law would
have changed that result. Wecan then determ-
ine whether we shall admit Georgia or refuse
to admit her until other conditions are com-
plied with. It is only upon that mere ques-
tion of expediency that 1 have any point of
difference whatever with the views entertained
and expressed by the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I do not
propose now, if ever, to take up the time of the
Senate with any general discussion of this bill.
What I shall say will be strictly confined to the
amendment offered by the Senator from In-
diana, and will be very brief upon that.
The difference between the Senator from
Wisconsin and the Senator from Indiana seems
to be simply this: that the Senator from In-
diana says what he means ; the Senator from
Wisconsin will not say on the record what he
means.
Mr. President, I am opposed either to the
one course or the other. What I beg to call
the attention of the Senate to is this: that this
is not a question simply which concerns the
State of Georgia; this is not, as the Senator
from Missouri and the Senator from Indiana
seem to suppose, a question of the merits or
the demerits of the people of Georgia; this is
not a question as to what conditions might
properly be imposed upon Georgia, if Georgia
stood affected alone by those conditions; bat
this is a question whether you shall impose an
amendment to the Constitution upon the entire
people of the United States by coercing Geor-
gia into the adoption of that amendment. The
question is whether you shall force that amend-
ment on the people of Ohio, notwithstanding
their fifty thousand majority against it, by
piercing Georgia against her will to adopt it.
There is not a member of the Senate who does
not know that if Mississippi and Texas and
Virginia and Georgia were left to their free,
unbiased judgment on this amendment not
one of those States would adopt it, not one of
them would think of adopting it; and every
Senator well knows that without the votes of all
four of those States the amendment cannot
become a part of the Constitution.
What, then, is the effect of coercing Georgia
to j,dopt it? When you strangle her, when you
deprive her citizens of the free election which
tli3 Constitution gives them to say what shall
bo a part of the Constitution of the Union,
when you force her vote into the urn to be
counted in favor of the amendment, you force
that amendment on the people of Ohio, on the
people of Indiana, on the people of Illinois, on
the whole people, however much they may be
opposed to its adoption. My State has voted
upon the amendment; her Legislature has
voted upon it and rejected it; and when you
compel Georgia against the will of her people
to adopt this amendment you nullify the vote
of the State of Ohio on this great question of
amending the Constitution. Therefore, Mr.
President, not simply in the name of the people
of Georgia, but in the name of all the people,
I protest against this mode of coercing the
people of the United States to adopt art amend-
ment to their Constitution.
The sole power that is given, by the Constitu-
tion to Congress is to propose amendments. It is
then for every State, of its own freewill, without
coercion, without compulsion, to say whether
it will accept your proposition or not; and
it is simply idle and frivolous to say that a State
freely and voluntarily accepts your proposition
of amendment to the Constitution when you say
in the same breath to the State, " If you do not
acceptit you shall have 110 rights in this Union;
you shall be taxed withoutrepresentation ; you
shall be governed by military instead of civil
law ; the civil courts shall be trampled down
and drum-head court-martials shall take their
place ; every right that is sacred to an Ameri-
can, every right that is sacred to a freeman,
shall be at the mercy of military tribunals and
dram-head court-martials unless you of your
own free will, forsooth, of your free choice, for-
sooth, agree to alter the fundamental law of the
land!"
Call that free choice ! Call that a free elec-
tion, accepting or rejecting an amendment to
the Constitution! Why, sir, I should be insult-
ing the understanding and intelligence of the
Senate if I were to discuss such a proposition
as that. No, sir; you give no free choice to
Georgia; you give no free choice to any one
of these States when you attach these condi-
tions ; when you say to them, with your hand
on their throats, " Accept this amendment or
else continue to be deprived of the most sacred
rights of the American people."
But, as I said before, it is not simply a ques-
tion as to Georgia; it is a question as to Ohio
as well as to Georgia; and your decision on
this proposition affects my State just as much
as it affects the State of Georgia ; every bit as
much. If this is to become a part of the Con-
stitution it will he a part of the Constitution in
Ohio as well as in Georgia. If the vote of
Ohio rejecting it is to be outweighed and an-
nulled by the vote of Georgia, and the vote of
Georgia is to be obtained by coercion, by
duress, then you have forced this amendment
to the Constitution on the people of Ohio just
as much as you have forced it upon the people
of Georgia, and by just precisely the same
means. •
Sir, for one I marvel at what I see is called
progress. I may be too old to understand these
new lights; it may be that there are too many
gray hairs in my head and that, I have listened
too much to the teachings of the fathers to
understand these new doctrines; but to me it
does seem as if we were cutting loose from
everything like constitutional law and the first
principles of fairness in the administration of
the Government. I oppose this proposition,
sir; and though I know that my opposition will
be wholly useless, I know that my duty requires
me not simply to vote against it, but to utter
my protest, however feeble and ineffectual it
may be.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President, when the
proposition was presented to the Senate at the
last session to make it a condition-precedent
that the States of Virginia, Mississippi, and
Texas should adopt the fifteenth amendment
I voted against it, and 1 voted against it because
at that time I regarded it as a new condition
added to the terms upon compliance with which
those States had been told they should be re-
admitted into the Union, and one which had
not been imposed upon the other States. I felt
very much of the feeling which has been ex-
pressed by the honorable Senator from Wis-
consin. I desired as far as possible to have
the vote of those States upon their consitutions
and upon the general question of their read-
mission to their normal and practical relations
with the Union, a free and voluntary vote ; that
they should come in of their own choice. And
yet I could not disguise from myself then, nor
do I now, that much of the legislation of Con-
gress in reference to the readniission of the
southern States into those practical relations
with the Union may be called by the enemies
of reconstruction a forced choice on their part;
in short, that they had no choice except to
accept the terms which were prescribed to them
in order to regain their position.
It is fortunate for the State of Ohio and
fortunate for the United States that she lias
never put herself in such a position as to re-
quire at the hands of the Congress of the Uni-
ted States any such action on their part. It is
fortunate for her and fortunate for the United
States that she is in a position to exercise her
own free choice -without dictation from the
Congress of the United States. Not so, Mr,.
President, with the State of Georgia; not so
with the States of Mississippi and Texas, orany
of the other southern States which have been
reconstructed or remain to be reconstructed.
We do not say to the people of Georgia by
adopting the amendment which has been pro-
posed by the Senator from Indiana to this bill
that they must ratify the fourteenth and fifth-
teenth amendments; that is not the spirit of
what we propose to say; but we say we want
evidence that the people of the State of Geor-
gia are in such a condition, have so far repent-
ed of their rebellion, and so far changed their
minds, that they are fit to be received, back
into the family of States. We say that the
State of Georgia is not a State which is in a
condition to be received back after the history
of the last eight years, and especially after the
history of the last two years, unless her people
have come to that spirit and mind which in-
duces them to adopt the fourteenth and fif-
teenth amendments. It is because we want an
index of their change of feeling and change of
purpose that we propose to insert this condi-
tion.
If, as has been said by the Senator from Wis-
consin, the Legislature of the State of Georgia
and the people of the State of Georgia have
learned anything from the temper of the Amer-
ican people in the last two years, they will, even
without the insertion of this clause in the bill,
adopt the fourteenth and fifteenth amendments.
Nevertheless I think, as we adopted a similar
proposition in the bills proposing to admit
Virginia, Mississippi, and Texas, we are now-
carrying out precisely the same principle that
we adopted then ; we are doing no new thing.
There is no more duress to be exercised over
the State of Georgia than there was over those
three States. It is not for the purpose of du-
ress, but it is to prove to the Congress of the
United States that the people of these States
are in such a condition that the States ought
again to be admitted to their constitutional
relations to the Government.
It seems to me somewhat late now to take
the ground that we are to propose no conditions
to these people for their readmission, for we
have all along from the time when the first
reconstruction acts were passed down to the
present made conditions to their readmission.
We were, aslsaidbefore, in a situation in which
it was necessary to make conditions with tliem.
We were not, and are not to-day, in a situation
where we can make conditions about the vote
of Ohio on the fifteenth amendment; but we
are in a condition, and I submit it is the duty
of the Congress of the United States, now to
say to the people of Georgia, in the light of the
events of the last eight years, and especially of
the last two years, that unless they have so far
changed in their purpose, in their intention, in
their notions of justice and of right as to adopt
the fourteenth and fifteenth constitutional
amendments we shall not be ready to receive
them into the sisterhood of States.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, on the first
day that this body convened at the present
session, a bill entitled ''An act to perfect the
reconstruction of the State of Georgia" was
introduced by the honorable Senator from
Indiana. On the 8th it was referred to the
