1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2427
Thus, referring to his friend from Michigan :
" I do not think so, I confess, as it stands upon
this particular bill, because I think that wo might
change—not entirely abrogate, it may be, but we
might change either one of theseproyisionsin the con-
stitution of Mississippi, and the constitution would
bo republican still; it might be as efficient still pos-
sibly by some change. So that in order to secure a
republican form of government ;n Mississippi, it
does not occur to me that it is essential that the pre-
cise form of security for suffrage and for education
that that constitution now has, should be held to
and observed."
He goes on further to repudiate the ground
upon which the Senator from Michigan rested
the power, and placed it finally upon the power
of the Government of the United States to
make a treaty with a State, which I shall con-
sider presently.
Thus we see the popular idea, that Congress
may impose conditions repudiated by the Sen-
ator from Michigan, who rests the power upon
the guarantee clause in the Constitution, and
that, in its turn, the theory of the Senator
from Michigan is repudiated by the Senator
from Vermont, who rests this power upon the
ground of a treaty between the Union and the
State ; although he did not condescend to point
out what provision of the Constitution author-
izes Congress to enter into treaty relations with
a State either to restrict or enlarge the powers
of such State.
I now cite a high authority upon all legal
questions, the Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
Morton,] and the Senate will see how com-
pletely and conclusively he puts to rout all his
associates in this discussion. And I think
when I have read the overwhelming argument
of that Senator his associates in this discus-
sion will be reminded of the fearful occurrence
in Indian warfare of the elephant turning back
upon his friends. On the 14th of March, 1807,
when the supplemental reconstruction bill was
before the Senate, the amendment offered by
the Senator from Missouri [Mr. Drake] was
under consideration, and read as follows:
"Mr. Dbake. Imoveto amend the fourth section
of the substitute by adding at the end thereof:
"Provided, Thatnosuch constitution shall be con-
sidered as entitling the State tor which it is framed
to such representation unless it provide that at all
elections by the people for State, county, or muni-
cipal officers the electors shall vote by closed ballot,
and that such mode of voting shall never be changed
without the assent of Congress."—Congressional
Globe, Fortieth Congress, first session, page 99.
Discussing this amendment, the Senator from
Indiana said :
"Mr. Morton. I would respectfully suggest to tho
Senator from Missouri that he can attain all that he
desires by his amendment and yet leave off the last
uud tho objectionable clause, which is that contain-
ing the statement that this shall never be changed.
I do not believe we have the right to lay a perpetual
obligation upon an incoming State or upon a State
that is about to be restored. Wo can prescribe the
conditions unon which we will admit a State. TV e
can say, 'You shall put universal,suffrage iu the
constitution,'or * you shall put voting by ballot in
the constitution, or we will not receive vou.' But
after the State has been received it is at liberty then
to amend its constitution in any manner so that, it
maintains a republican form of government. We
cannot bindany State notto amend the constitution
so that the amendment be consistent with a repub-
lican form of government; but we can say that these
constitutions shall not bo accepted, in the first place,
unless they contain a provision that the voting shall
be by ballot."—Ibid., page 105.
Again, on the 27th of May, 1868, the Arkan-
sas bil 1 being before the Senate, the Senator from
Indiana delivered an unanswerable constitu-
tional speech, from which I shall read several
extracts:
"Mr. President, I should like to inquire what is to
be the practical advantage to result from theamend-
mcntof the Senator from Missouri? He seeks to irn-
posc a fundamental condition upon the people of
Ai'kanr.as, that they shall never amend their consti-
tution 111 regard to suffrage so as to take it away from
any glass of persons who have it by the constitution
as now framed."
I desire to say at this point that although the
precise question before the Senate at that time,
iiam el v, the power of congress to fetter a State
in regard to suffrage, may be affected by the
fifteenth amendment, yet the doctrine and phi-
losophy of this speech is that Congress can-
not destroy a power which the Constitution
reserves to a State, and the question of suffrage
was only an instance illustrating the general
principle.
"This is emphatically a fundameni.nlcondition by
which all future generations are to be denied the
power of amending their constitution in that way.
I should like to ask that learned Senator how the
Legislature of Arkansas, that is not an organic body,
but is merely tho creature of this same new consti-
tution, can impose a fundamental condition upon
the people of that State. Sir, it is not possible; a
fundamental condition can only be imposed, if they
otherwise have tho power, by the people in their
primary capacity, acting in the form of a constitu-
tional convention, or in somo other primary way. A
Legislature that lias merely the ordinary powers of
legislation, that is not a primary body, but is the
creature simply of the constitution, cannot impose
a fundamental condition upon tho people of the
State."
Again:
" Mr. President, while these States were in their
deranged and disorderly condition resulting from
the rebellion, their governments gone, we had a
right to come in and reconstruct republican govern-
ments by any means that were necessary and proper
for that purpose. We had a right to uso the in-
strumentality of the colored vote for that purpose,
to enfranchise that race as a means of reconstruct-
ing and establishing governments there. We have
done that; but when these States are admitted,
when tlicyhavc complied with all our conditions,
and come back and are received, then they stand
upon tho same platform with every other State in
the Union; they have cveiy right and every power
that belongs to every other State."
"The right to regulate tho question of suffrage
belongs to tho States under the Constitution. It has
been recognized as belonging to tho several States
ever since the loundation of the Government. And,
sir, another right belongs to tho States, and what is
that? It is that tho States havo tho right to alter
and amend their constitutions at pleasure, so that
they do not change thoir republican character. Tho
State of Arkansas will have the same rightto assem-
ble the people in convention from time to time and
to alter and amend their constitution, as they sco
proper, that Illinois and New York have, and tho
State of Arkansas wiil have the same power to regu-
late the Question of suffrage that tho State of Now
York has unquestionably. If these righfs belong to
the State when she comes in under the Constitution
of the United States, I ask how can they be taken
from her by a compact agreed to by her State Legis-
lature?
" Mr. Conkling. IIow can they bo taken from her
at al 1 ?
"Mr. Moutox. I am just coming to that question.
I say the idea of their being taken Irom her by a
compact made by her Legislature, it seems to me
cannot bo argued successfully for a moment; and I
now come to rhe question of fundamental conditions
in general. I have always had a very decided opin-
ion upon that subject ever since I have been a student
of tho Constitution"—
An opinion, I inay say here, which the Sen-
ator never can give up as long as he remains a
student of the Constitution—
"and that is, that this Government has no right,
and it has no power to impose a fundamental con-
dition on any State by which that State parts with
any right which it has under the Constitution of the
United States. A State cannot alienate her rights
under the Constitution any more than a man can
alienato those great natural rights that belong to
liim. What nature is to us in regard to our rights
the Constitution is in regard to artificial States; and
if a State has a right, under the Constitution of the
United States, to regulate the question of suffrage
that right cannot he alienated, bartered, or com-
pacted away by any State. I contend that every
State has the rightto regulate tho question of suffrage
and to amend her constitution in any particular Irom
time to time, so that it does not cease to be repub-
lican in its character. ,
" Mr. Edmunds. Who is to judge of tnat ?
" Mr. Mop.tox. I suppose that is a question to be
judged of by Congress. There is nothing peculiar
m that regard in respect to suffrage; but the ques-
tion is, how can any State by compact part with any
constitutional rightwithout destroying the equality
of the States before the law? You make it a condi-
tion on Arkansas that she shall part with the right
to regulate the question of suffrage in a, certain way;
you make it a condition on Colorado that she shall
part with another right; you make it a condition
with Montana, when she corner in, that sue f-haL
part with some other right that would belong to her
under the Constitution; and thus you have one State
that is not equal to the others, because there is right
compacted away, and another State unequal to tne
rest because another right is compacted away, ana
thus the equality of the States betore the Constitu-
tion and the law is destroyed.
"Sir, there is but one security and there is but one
regulation on this subject, and that is that the sev-
eral States shall not so alter or amend their consti-
tutions as to cease to be republica.11 in iorin. iaat
is provided in the Constitution itself."'
Again:
"If tho Senator from Nevada will allow me. I
should like to say one word on that point. I intended
to mention it—it was in my mind—but that is cer-
tainly not a parallel ease, because the question of
taxation is one that is legitimately within the* con-
trol of the Legislature, and it is not a fundamental
condition that goes to any question offormingr acon-
stitution. After being in the Union the Legislature
can pernaps make a contract with the General Gov-
ernment on the question of taxing certain property,
as any other contract can he made. The Legislature
has the power to make contracts in regard to matters
within legislative control, and the question of taxa-
tion is within legislative control; but the question of
saying that a State shall never am<?hd its constitu-
tion upon a certaiu question fundamental in its
character is not within legislative control.—Congres-
sional Globe, part 3, Second Session Fortieth Con-
gress, pp. 2602, 2603.
Again, I read from the Globe of May 29,
1868:
" Mr. Morton. Suppose when Florida comes here
for admission, being small in population and with-
out prospect of very rapid increase, we should say to
Florida, * These small States have too much power in
the Senate, and wo will agree to admit you only upon
condition that you shall never send but one United
States Senator here.' I ask if she would not have as
much right to agree to that condition of admission
as to agree that she will surrender her right to rcgu-
latothe elective franchise ?"—//>«£, page 2665.
Again, on the 1st of June, 1868:
"Mr. Morton. Mr. President, it seems to mo that
this whole question turns upon a point about which
there has been no discussion on this occasion, and I
beg leave to add, about which there is but little con-
troversy ; and that is, whether, under the Constitu-
tion of tho United States, each State has a right to
regulate or controLjsuffrage for itself? I have taken
that for granted, and I believe it hasnotbeendenied
by a single Senator on this floor. Now, sir, if thatbe
conceded it seems to me that tho question is at an end;
for if tho States individually have tho right to con-
trol and regulate suffrage for themselves, they cau-
not, under another clause of the Constitution, be
deprived of it even by their own constitution© or
compacts. The second scction of the sixth article
of tho Constitution declares:
"'This Constitution, and the laws of the United
States which shall bo made in pursuance thereof, and
all treaties made or which shall be made under the
authority of the United States, shall be the supreme
law of tho land; and the judges in every State shall
bo bound thereby, anything in the constitution or
laws of any State to tho contrary notwithstanding.'
"If it be conceded that by the Constitution the
States havo the power to regulate and control suf-
frage for themselves; it is a right that cannot be
affected by their own constitutions by any compact,
or by any aclof Congrcs?, loi the Constitution ot tho
United States is the supremo law of the land. How
can a generation for itself, or acting for somo par-
ticular purpose, or a parly iu Congress, that may bo
in power to-day and out of power next ycaf, make
a compact by which the supreme law of tho land is
to be changed or affected ? It is declared inso mauy
words thai the Constitution of tho United States is
the supreme law of the laud, and therefore what-
ever right by that Constitution is given to a State is
tho supremo law of the land, any State constitution
or law to tho contrary notwithstanding. This the
express declaration of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States.
"Mr. President, I understood the distmsmJied
Senator ftom Mi^ouri [Mr. UuAKrj to siy that if a
State desired to part with both its Senators it had
the power to stipulate when it came imo the Union
that it should have no Senators in Congre-s or Ilcp-
resentativcs in tho other House, and that by an
agreement between the State thus coming m and
Congress tho Statu could forever be deprived ofi's
representation, notwithstanding the Constitution
savs that each State fdiall have two Senators in Con-
gress. To sustain this view the Senator referred to
that provision which says that 'no State, without its
consent, shall bo deprived of its equal suifrago in the
Senate,' and ho argued that by its consent it maybe.
But the Senator iailed to notice the very important-
fact that that provision i« contained in the clause m
regard to amending tho Constitution oi the United
States, which reads thus:
'"Provided, That no amendment which may be
made prior to the year 1808 shall in any manner
affect the first and fourth clauses of the ninth section
of the first article; and that no State without its
consent shall bo deprived of it? equal suffrage in the
Senate.'
"It, refers to the amendment, oi the Constitution,
and this provision was inserted at i.he request of toe
weaker States at the time it was made th-u the Con-
stitution should never he so amended in any way by
which the smaller States could be deprived oi their
equal lcprcsentation in the Senate without their
consent. That, is what it. meant. The clause reler-
i to the amendment of the Constitution, and lias no
privecl of its representation in the Senate, it U not
treating of acts of Congress, but it is: treating o. yi<.
amendment of the Constitution itself, and 1-iowa^
that it shall not be amended mthis partica^ 
out the consent of the States affected them^eh e..
j Ibid, pp. 2740 and 2741.
i Further on in the same speech he says:
I " Suppose that we had acquired this territory by
j conquest, and cot by purchase or discovery; when
