1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4315
Mr. SARGENT. No ; they are not investi-
gating this matter.
Mr. PITCH. I have reduced my resolution
to writing, and send it to the desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
lleiolved, ThatW. Soott Smilh, the reporter of the
New York Evening Post, be brought to the bar of
this House to show cause, if Jie can, why ho should
not be expelled from the reporters' gallery for libel-
ous statements reflecting upon the integrity of mem-
bers of this House.
Mr. PITCH. On that resolution I call the
previous question. x
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Before the pre-
vious question is called I ask the gentleman
from Nevada to allow me to make a sugges-
tion. In order that there may be no doubt as
to the person concerned in this matter, and
everything connected with it, I ask the gentle-
man to allow a motion to be made, or to make
it himself, to refer this resolution to the com-
mittee of which the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Butler] has charge, with author-
ity to report at any time to the House.
Several Members. No, no.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The reporter can
state whether or not he is the author of the
statement when he is brought to the bar of the
House.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Nevada [Mr. Fitch] accept the proposition
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gauheld . ]
Mr. FITCH. I do not.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman from
Nevada to look at what is the precise condi-
tion of this matter. It is not exa.ctly right for
a member of the House, withoutinvestigation,
without any reference to a committee, or any
report thereon, on his own statement—which
the gentleman knows I do not doubt to get
up in the House and insist that because ne has
been informed, and he believes that this man
has done wrong, he should be brought, with-
out investigation, to the bar of the House.
Would it not be better for the gentleman, and
better for everybody, that the resolution be
referred to a committee) and let this party be
brought tothebar of the House on their repoit,
if they see fit to make such a report?
Mr. FITC H. In response to the suggestion
of the gentleman from Massachusetts he will
permit me to say that there are but two ques-
tions involved. The first is whether the per-
son named in the resolution was the person
who sent the correspondence. And the other
is whether it is libelous. It has already been
declared to be utterly false by the chairman
of the committee upon whom devolved tno duty
of investigating the question of its truth or
falsehood. And the only questions now with
which the House has to do are to determine,
first, whether this man sent the dispatch ; and,
secondly, whether the sending of dispatches of
that character is a sufficient cause lor expul-
sion from the gallery ot this House.
Mr DAWES. The question includes more
than that It includes the circumstances under
which the correspondent sent the dispatch, the
occasion he had for sending it, and the inform-
ation upon which he sent it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That information is
I know that it is denied
denied.
Mr. DAWES
h6Mr. SARGENT. It is denied by the gen-
tleman's own colleagne.
Mr FITCH. The party concerned will have
the opportunity to deny it at the_ bar of the
House. He can purge himself right lieie at
the bar of the House. I call the previous
(JnMr1<DAWES. I submit that it would be bet-
ter for us to proceed with becoming form m
th M™ GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
from Nevada allows me to ask him a question.
Suppose it should turn out that the Pe''SO"
named in the gentleman's resolution is not the
W1 iter of the dispatch, would it not be a great
hardship to that person to be called before the
bar of the House, and to have it go all over the
country that ho had been called before the
bar of the House when he was not the person
at all? I therefore ask him if he will not let
it go to the committee?
Sir. FITCH. I have no more doubt than I
have of my own existence that the person I
have named was the writer of the dispatch. I
move the previous question, and the House
can vote it down if they want to.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. FITCH. I will yield to the gentleman
for a moment?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I desire to say that so far
as Mr. Smith is concerned, I cannot see what
difference it will make -whether he is asked to
make a statement to the House upon this alle-
gation that he has made atalse statement, or is
called before a committee and the committee
make a secret investigation against him. _ I
would suppose that he would prefer himself to
have an open investigation, in which he could
be heard at the barof the House, ratherthan a
secret investigation by a committee before
which he might not be heard. I would like to
say in this connection that I have always ob-
served, with respect to the reporters for the
New York papers wliich I see, and the Phila-
delphia papers and some of the western papers,
the wonderful accuracy of their statements
where they involve character, and the extraor-
dinary delicacy that they exhibit in attacking
members of Congress. They seem to have
considered themselves in a measure account-
able to the House and accountable to the truth,
and it is but justice to all the reporters, if one
of them is circulating willful falsehood and
charging members of the House with corruption
falsely and intentionally, it is but justice to
other members of the gallery that the matter
should be investigated. ,
Mr. DAWES. I would like to inquire of
the gentleman whether the report ot a com-
mittee would detract one iota from the weight
which he desires to attach to these proceed-
ings; whether it will not add to the weight ot
(hem and give dignity and force to an expres-
sion of opinion by this House upon such a
statement? I can conceive of circumstances
that would go a great way to palliate any such
statement as has appeared in this paper. I do
not know that they exist; I do not know this
party. But so far as I am concerned, I prefer
to see this thing done decently and in order,
and not upon passion or withoutinvestigation.
Mr. SCOFIELD. All I was saying was that
I did not see how it could make a difference
to Mr. Smith particularly which way was taken
to ascertain the facts, whether he had permis-
sion to come here and make a statement which
would go all over the country, or whether a
committee made a secretinvestigation, assueh
investigations are in almost all eases. If
were in Mr. Smith's place I should prefer to
be called before t-he bar of the House^and
make a written or verbal statement ot facts.
But what I was urging was that where it is
alleged that a statement ot this kind is will-
fully and maliciously false, an investigation ot
the matter is only doing justice to all the other
gentlemen in the reporters' gallery, whose
statements, as everybody has had occasion no
doubt to observe, arc always wonderfully ac-
^Mr^BINGHAM. Will the gentleman allow
me to say a word?
Mr. FITCH. Certainly.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to say to the
House that the only difference—and it is a very
material one—between the proposition made
by the gentleman from Nevada [Mr. 1'Itchj
and that suggested by my colleague [Mr. Gak-
field] and others, is this: that the proposition
suggested by my colleague involves counter-
testimony, if you please, against this par y
named, while under the practice of this House,
if he is brought to its bar, he may purge him-
self and end this question; and if he stands
confessedly guilty here, I would like to know
what is the occasion of putting the House to
the trouble and expense of referring the matter
to a committee, and sending for persons and
papers and delaying its report.
As to the dignity and decency of the matter,
allow me to say that the time was when the
House of Representatives compared not unfa-
vorably with this House, with all its acknowl-
edged ability, and these very trespasses upon
the rights of members were treated,precisely
in the manner now proposed by the gentleman
from Nevada, [Mr. Fitcii.] A. member arose
in his place and said that the privileges of the
House had been violated in his person by one
who was not a member of the House. In the
case of General Sam Houston, who was not a
member of this House or of the other House,
who was charged by a member with making a
personal assault on him, he was brought di-
rectly before the bar of this House, without the
intervention of a committee, to state what he
had to say why the House should not pronounce
judgment upon him for the violation of its
privileges. So also, long ago, in the Senate,
in regard to a libelous publication in the case
of one Duane, precisely the same proceeding
was had in the first instance, a warrant being
issued in the first place for the airest of the
libelant. , .
In this matter there is no proposition at; all
except to bring the reporter to the bar oi the
House, and to give him an opportunity to make
such explanation as he pleases to the House,
setting forth his information, if he had any,
for the statement he has published, thereby
showing how he has been misled, if he has
been misled. This does not put it in the power
of any committee, by the testimony of third
persons, to complicate this question to the
hurt and injury even of the accused man him-
self. If he, when brought to its bar, should
ask the House to grant a committee of invest-
igation, 1 submit to my learned friend from
Massachusetts [Mr. Botler] that it would be
perfectly competent for the House to grant his
prayer. There is no right at all taken away
from this reporter, who can ask tor a commit-
tee of investigation, should he desire it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Will my col-
league [Mr. Bingham] yield to me for a mo-
ment? , , , „ ,
Mr. BINGHAM. I hold the floor by the
courtesy of the gentleman from Nevada^ {.Mr.
Fjtch/J to whom I return it.
Mr. FITCII. I now yield to the gentleman
from 'Massachusetts [Mr. Bctler] for a few
moments. , T , .
Mr. BCJTLEH, of Massachusetts. I desire
simplv to call the attention of the House to
what has been done by the House or Repre-
sentatives in precisely a similar case, in the
case of one Brooks, who published a statement
that he had bought and sold members of this
House like sheep in the market, we referred the
matter to the Committee on Military Affairs,
who investigated it and reported a resolution,
to which we all agreed. .
Mr. PITCH. Will the gentleman yield to
me a moment? .
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. FITCH. Is not there a very essential
difference between a general charge against
members and a specific charge against a par-
ticular member ? ,.e
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No dif-
ference except in enormity. We have this
state of things on a question of fact, lbs
newspaper reporter has stated one thiBg, ana
other gentlemen believe and state °g-
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 rise to a question
°f The SPEAKER. Theeentleman will state it I
Mr FARNSWORTH. Almost everybody
here seems to be on his feet, and the rest of ns
cannot hear. It is getting so here that when
