1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
469
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Fifteenth Amendment—Mr. Casserly,
Senate.
it up by the arrest of the board. You can
have quires of such affidavits made by heated
partisans about the polls ; made by them, too,
without any deliberate intent of perjury. What
man who fails to have his vote received at an
election but considers himself just the most
aggrieved person in the world?
Do we not know that there are hardly any
questions so perplexing as the questions of
law which constantly arise before boards of
registration and boards of election? The very
question of residence, which vexed the Senate
so long in a recent case, and upon which, in
my humble judgment, it succeeded most com-
pletely iu reaching the wrong conclusion, is
often one of the most difficult of questions.
Yet, difficult as it is, it is constantly arising at
the registration and at the polls; for residence
is the stock upon which, by our laws, all suf-
frage is grafted. Under our system a voter
must have locality. He must be identified by
residence with the election district or precinct
iu which he offers to vote.
Who that knows anything of the practical
workings of popular elections at the polls does
not know how irritating it is at a great eon-
tested election to have one's vote rejected?
A man's pride and party feeling are up in arms.
In such a temper many a man is ready to be-
come the instrument of annoyance to the offi-
cers who have disfranchised him. He will not
hesitate to make an affidavit before any one
of a thousand commissioners throughout the
whole country, upon which affidavit a warrant
issues, and upon that warrant the judge of elec-
tion can be carried from one end of a State to
the other.
Then, sir, section four provides—■
That if any person by force, bribery, threats
intimidation, or otherwise, shall hinder, delay, pre-
sent, or obstruct, or attempt to hinder, delay, pre-
vent, or obstruct any citizen from doing any act;
required to qualify him to vote, or from voting at
any election,
then said "person'-' is to come under a
great number of pains, penalties, and liabili-
ties. His way of life is beset by civil and
criminal arrests, trials, convictions, forfeitures,
penalties, and imprisonments. In a civil
action he forfeits $500 to the injured parly,
and in a crimiual is lined not less than $500
more, and may be imprisoned from one month
to a year. The language is : " that if any per-
son by ioree, bribery, threats, intimidation, or
otherwise,'' &c.
Where was fled the judgment of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary when those two words
got in? " Or otherwise !" Imagine a statute
of murder framed in the same way. "Any
man who shall willfully, feloniously, and with
malice prepense, or otherwise, kill a human
being shall be guilty of murder." " Or other-
wise !" Then a man who kills another m law-
ful self-defense in the direst emergency, when
his back is at the wall; or in defense of his
wife's honor, or his child's honor; or the life
of bis wife or child: or by the most innocent
accident; is guilty of murder, because ho has
taken life in some way "otherwise." Oh,
what a trap for innocence lurks in " or other-
wise!" What a perversion of law-making is
" or otherwise!"
Who is sale under "or otherwise ?" If one
of you Senators should stop on the way to con-
verse with a neighbor of whom you had heard
that he was about to commit the atrocious
crime of voting the Democratic ticket, and
undertake to argue liim out of it, and if in the
wariulh of the conversation it should so hap-
pen—for such things have happened—that you
delay him beyond the time for the closing of
the polls, whereby he loses his vote, then by
this extraordinary clause for making anybody
guilty, and punishing him accordingly, you are
just as much liable, civilly and criminally, as
though you had taken him by the collar and
hustled him away from the poll, so that he lost
his vote.
I hope, sir, that before no tribunal on earth,
and I know that before none in Heaven, will
there be suffered such a universal drag-net to
involve us all in guilt and punishment as this
most extraordinary clause, "or otherwise," in
this bill.
Then, sir, everywhere throughout the bill
you find the spawn of that mostpestilent crea-
ture the political informer, hitherto unknown
iu this country ; certainly unknown as a class
created and fostered by Government; a class
accursed of Heaven and execrated upon earth;
who always and everywhere are the tools of
the oppressor who uses and despises them, and
are in the worst way the instruments of all the
worst passions of our fallen nature.
But there is a lower deep in human degrada-
tion than the political informer. That deep has
been fathomed by the Senate bill in the inform-
er's prowling attorney, who sets him on, who
behind the scene pulls the wires of chicane and
fraud. There is copious provision made for a
rank growth of that human poison weed, also,
in the clauses throughout the bill for costs and
for counsel fees to be allowed by the court for
the benefit of the informer's attorney.
In all cases of civil suit brought by the in-
former where a recovery is had it is with '1 full
costs and such allowance for counsel fees as
the court shall deem just." There is no limit
to the allowance, and it may be as large as the
recovery, which is fixed at §500 in each case.
The " Old Bailey" in London or the "Tombs"
of New York might equal but could never
surpass the professional vermin of this bill.
Do you see one of them during the harvest of
a heated election, following his informer about
like his shadow, setting him on, showing him
how to trump up false charges against innocent
men, how to entangle his unsuspecting neigh-
bor in the meshes of this act; and then crawl-
ing into court with case made up between a
client who is an informer and witnesses of like
stuff to an inevitable vcrdict? How elevating
all this must be in its effect on the morals of
politics in the United Stales 1
The Senator from Nevada, [Mr. Stewart,]
who has charge of this bill, has found himself
obliged to make so many changes in it thai I
have to inquire of you, Mr. President, whether
or not section six has been struck out.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has not been.
Mr. CASSERLY. Then I call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the fact that while the bill
in its scope covers completely the whole opera-
tion of the election laws of the States in their
minutest details, this section six, taken with
other sections in the bill, gives to the courts of
the United States exclusive jurisdiction of all
proceedings under the bill. In other words, it
takes from the State courts and vests in the
United States courts the entire subject of rights
and remedies in regard to elections throughout
the country. Is the Senate prepared for this
unwarrantable claim of power? See the extent
of it in practice. There is not a constable in
the United States who may not put in motion
the machinery of the Federal courts under it.
How many officers, great and small, do we elect
from one end of the Union to the other in the
course of a year? I never have seen it stated
accurately; hut the number must be forty or
fifty thousand at least. You can have under
this bill forty or fifty thousand suits annually
in your Federal courts. Half that number,
one fifth that number, would compel you to
quadruple, to increase fivefold or more the
number of your district courts, judges, and
clerks. Are you prepared for that great ex-
penditure? Do you propose that addition to
the burdens of the people?
In the next place, by section seven, the cir-
cuit courts of the United States and the supe-
rior courts of the Territories are authorized,
without limitation, from time to time, to in-
crease the number of their commissioners.
They may thus create a hundred commissioners
in one State like New York or Pennsylvania.
In a hotly-contested election, should this bill
pass, where the fears and the hopes and the
animosities of men are aroused to the highest,
that number of commissioners might be ex-
ceeded. In this way it is a possible thing that
you might have a body of commissioners num-
bering a thousand or fifteen hundred through-
out the country.
What more? Why, sir, each one of these
commissioners is authorized to appoint, also
without limitation, as many persons as he
chooses, to execute whatever process he shall
issue. Now, imagine these commissioners,
created in the midst of a heated political con-
test, by hundreds or by thousands, appointing
in turn under them, up and down the country,
other officers, also by hundreds and by thou-
sands, and it makes a condition of things dif-
ficult for the imagination to deal with. It fills
the country with a swarm of officials, officers
specially authorized, appointed, and inspired to
deal with and to control the elections through-
out the Union.
If there could be anything worse, this bill
has found it. It has found it because it gives
to this horde of persons—special deputies for
elections, thus appointed by a swarm of com-
missioners throughout the country, and who
may be ten thousand in number—the power
not merely to call upon the bystanders, the
posse coniilatus, but on whatever portion of
the land or naval forces of the United States
or of the militia may be necessary in their dis-
cretion, or in their whim or passion, to enable
them to execute any warrants in their hands;
and "such warrants shall run and be exe-
cuted by said officers anywhere in the Ktate or
Territory within which they are issued." The
result of all this is that every loose fellow,
every idler about the marshal's office waiting
for a job, every hanger-on of a commissioner's
office, any bum-bailiff out of this body of ten
thousand deputies of ton or fifteen hundred
commissioners, has at his command and in his
hands during the excitement and passion of a
great contested election the entire military and
naval forces of the country to be wielded at
his will.
Was such an abuse in Government ever con-
templated iu the wildest times? Was there
ever such a caricature of legislation? What
ruling faction of the fiercest hour of revolution
ever in history attempted such an enormity,—
was ever mad enough to cast loose the tremend-
ous powers of summary life and death which
are reposed in the army and navy of a coun-
try, among a mob of one to five thousand men,
appointed for the moment, irresponsible, un-
known, beside themselves with partisan feel-
ing, bewildered with unwonted power, perhaps
in great part worthless or vicious men?
Something like this may occur for the few
hours that disgrace and afflict humanity in the
mad tumult of a captured town, given up to
sack and pillage by an infuriated soldiery. But
as an exercise of the powers of Government,
still less of the law-making authority, such a
thing has never before been heard of.
I say nothing as to the temptations held out
to the cupidity of all these officers in the shape
of excessive fees for ordinary services; such
as ten dollars for every arrest. These are
temptations. I care not a straw whether, as
is said by the Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Edmunds,] these temptations have a precedent
in the fugitive slave law. That law never
allowed Congress to lake military possession
of the elections throughout the country. The
temptations of fees now held out, I say to the
Senate seriously, arc not fit for them as con-
