1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3371
to be applied to transatlantic steamers yet to
be built and toward the attoouW required for
the encouragement of building,
One of the proposed modes of relieving our
skipping to some extent has been to abolish
the tonnage tax altogether; but as we cannot
osenipt our own vessels from this tax without
also exempting those of all foreign countries,
our commercial treaties forbidding the impo-
sition of any other or higher tax upon foreign
vessels than is imposed upon our own, the ex-
emption would afford us no relief. It is not a
question of absolute, but of relative cost of
btrlding, or expense of sailing, in competition
with the ship-builders and ship-owners of for-
eign nations that we have to consider; and it
matters little what we pay so that all with whom
we compete pay the same. By taxing all ves-
sels, ar.u paying a small annual subsidy to our
own, we incidentally afford an advautage to
American vessels, which compensates them to
a certain extent for the increased cost of sail-
ing and manning over that of foreign vessels.
The Committee of Ways and Means have, as I
understand, agreed to recommend the exemp-
tion of coastwise vessels from tonnage tax, and
as this class of vessels have absolute protection
from foreign competition, they will, of course,
support (his proposition to relieve our foreign
shipping, which has no protection whatever,
particularly nsitis done without any draft upon
the Treasury.
Let us now glance at the rise and fall of onr
merchant marine, in order that we may fully
appreciate the loss sustained in delaying its
restoration. In 1S30 our total tonnage engaged
iii the foreign trade was 576,475 tons; in 1840,
SW.76otons; in 1850, 1,585,198 tons; in 18G0,
•J.-31(!.237 tons; in 1861, 2,642,628 tons; an
increase in three decades of more than three
hundred and forty per cent., and in the decade
f-mi 1850 to I860 of more than sixty percent.
The increase in tha tonnage of Great Britain in
tlie'ame three decades was about one hundred
&' d fifty per cent.,and"in the decade from 1850
t > 18t>0 was about forty per cent. From 1861
tr 1SU8 our tonnage had decreased from 2.642 -
62>< tons to 1,565.732 tons, a decrease of forty-
fimr per cent., while in the same time that of
Great Britain had increased from 3.082,047
t >ns to 4 205,349 tons, an increase of nearly
forty per cent.
Comparing the amount of freighting to and
from American ports in American and foreign
vessels llii result is still more startling. In
lSjr> our total im ports and exports were $330,-
037,038, of which 5239.272,0S4 was in Amer-
ican and $90,704,954 in foreign vessels. Jti
1SG0 the total was $706,288,550, of which
$307,247,757 was in American and $255,040,-
7P3 was iu foreign vessels. In 1869 the total
wi $876,442,284, of which only $289,950,272
wan in American, while $586,492,012 was in
foreign vessels. In other words, prior to 1860
about seventy-five per cent, of our inaportsand
exports were iu American vessels, while at the
present time we are reduced to thirty-three
per cent., foreign vessels carrying sixty-seven
per cent, of the exports and imports to and
from American ports ; and worse than all, our
tiecline in this regard is so steady and so cer-
tain that it is only a question of time, and not
avery long time either, when our merchant ma-
rine will be among the things that were, and
we shall be entirely dependent npon foreigners
to carry our merchandise and onr mails, as well
as for the facilities to travel to and from foreign
coontries.
1 hold in myh&ftd a freight circular of Merow'
& Fell, Glasgow, from which I read,:
'Tbere aj-e two startlins iacts that vividly brine
■ware us.the anomalous position of tbe American
nag at present; first, that tbe amount of American
jounage entered at tne port* of the United Kingdom
Juu decreased from 1,617,000 tons in 1861 to 940,000
ions in 1*69; fecon/i. the extraordinary fact that the
immense steam Trn#r b#t#een the United Stites and
should be entirely monopolised by
"TO8" and continental companies, who are (as it it
«viaeot Jromthelarge additional amountof tannage
beinc ooMtraet«d for tb*u) determined to ktep their
hold of the trade."
What have we lost and what ure we losing
by this loss of our commerce? Let us see. It
is estimated that the freights are on an average |
8 ner cent, of the value of the cargoes of ves-
sels. Assuming this estimate to be correct
our proportion of the freights on our own ex- i
ports and imports in 1809 was $23,600,000,
instead of $57,000,000, as it would have been
had we retained the same percentage of the
business that we had prior to the war; a net loss
of more than $33,000,000 per annum. This dif-
ference not only goes to enrich foreigners and
swell the balance of trade against us, but tends
directly to strengthen the naval force of our
possible enemies, and thus necessitates the
maintenance of a larger Navy of our own ; as
the naval force of every nation must in a great
measure be regulated by that of other nations
with which conflicts may arise.
And this leads us to the consideration of
another loss resulting from the decadence of
our merchant marine which cannot be estimated
by any pecuniary standard, can neither be
weighed nor measured, and yet is as real as the
loss of character or credit to an individual; I
mean the loss of national "prestige." I can-
not better illustrate this point than by quoting
from a speech made by Mr. Laingin the British
House of Commons, in 1867, npon the propo-
sition to send the English mails to India by
French steamers. He said:
"I am not one of those who attach an exagger-
ated importance to what is called 'prestige.' But
when you come to a question like this, when all the
steamers that enter the ports of the Bast, and which
are employed in conducting the correspondence and
communication with all parts of the East. arc seen
to carry the French Aug. then I say there is nothing
so dangerous to the prestige of the English name as
to haveit supposed that French enterprise and French
influence have preponderance, and th.it the French
flag has taken the place of the English. There is
nothing, I am satisfied, that tends so surely to keep
up the name and influence of England in the East as
the sight of those splendid steamers comiug and
going with the regularity of cloek-work on the
weekly, fortnightly, or-monthly performance of their
voyages."
Sir, has not the great Republic, representing
as it does all the nationalities of the world, con-
quering by its moral power and influence rather
than by force, an interest in maintaining its
"prestige" equal to that of any other nation?
And yet our flag, emblem of our nationality
and our power, which ought to float on every
seaand be displayed in every port of the world,
is scarcely to be seen in any, and is fast dis-
appearing from the ocean. A century ago the
commercial enterprise of our people excited
the wonder and the envy of the nations of
Europe, while the admiration of the friends
of liberty in the Old World found expression >
in the glowing language of the great English
orator, as commenting upon our national'
enterprise, he exclaimed:
"While wefollow them among the tumbling monnt- !
ainsof iceand behold them penetrating into tbedeep- '
est frozen recesses of Hudson bay and Davis's strait;
while we look for tbein beneath the Arctic circle,
we hear that they have pierced into the opposite re-
gion of polar cold, that they are at the antipodes
and engaged under the frozen serpent of the south.
Falkland Island, which seemed too remote and
romantie an object for the grasp of national ambi-
tion, is but a stage and resting-place in the progress
of their victorious industry. Nor is the equinoctial
heat .more discouraging to them than the accumu-
lated winter of both the poletr. We know that whilo
some of them draw the line and strike the harpoon
on tne coast of Africa others run the longitude and
pursuetheir gigantic gamea!6ng the coast of Brazil.
No sea but what is vexed by their fisheries, no cli-
mate that; is not witness to their toils. Neither the
perseverance of Holland nor the activity of France,
nor the dexterous and firm sagacity of English enter-
prise ever carried this most perilous mode of hardy
industry to the extent, to whioh it has been poxhed
by this recent people, a people who are still as it
were in tbe gristle and not yet hardened into the
bone of manhood." -
8ueh was the charkcte^ and " prestige " of
our country a century ago. To-day our ships
of war are run over and sunk by the merchant
steamers of Great Britain with as little cere-
mony as though they were Chinese junks.
If there were no help for this condition of
afifairs, if in consequence of natural and insur-
mountable obstacles we were debarred from
participating in the advantages derived from
commercial pursuits, we might submit with
regret to our fate. But with natural resources
unsurpassed, with our country in the very high-
way of the commerce of the world, washed by
two oceans, abounding in the material lor con-
structing ships and freighting them, and with
a population proverbially adventurous and en-
terprising, we have it within our power abso-
lutely to control the world's commerce. If we
fail to do it we are unequal to and unworthy of
our opportunities.
But, sir, aside from any consideration of
profit or of pride, a prudent regard for the
safety of the nation should induce us to re-
store our shipping; and this consideration has
always influenced the statesmen of all maritime
nations to consider this interest an exceptional
one; to be fostered, not to benefit any spe-
cial class, but as one of the most office nt and
economical means of providing for the " com-
mon defense." It has been said that "the
Americans*are a people that soonest forget yes-
terday," but I caunot think we have quite for-
gotteu the value of our merchant marine as
an auxiliary to tbe Army and Navy during
our late struggle for national existence ; cer-
taiuly those who were in positions to know the
services rendered by this volunteer naval force
during the war folly appreciate its value. The
President in his annual message, and again in
a special message, has urgently called our at-
tention to its importance, and has condensed
into a single paragraph, in his special message,
an argument that ought to settle the whole
question. He says:
"Our Navy at the commencement of the late war
consisted of less than one hundred vessels, of about
one hundred and fifty thousand tons, and a force
of about eight thousand men. We drew trom the
merchant marine, which had cost the (Government
nothing, but which had been a souroe of national
wealth, six hundred vessels, exceeding one million
tons, and about seventy thousand men, to aid iu
suppressing the rebellion."
The Secretary of the Navy, in his annual
report, speaking of the advantage which for-
eign nations had over us in the possession of
the large fleet of merchant steamers which we
employ in onr carrying trade, says:
"Here, then, is ft heavy tonnage of possible war ves-
sels, larger than that of our whole Navy on 1st Jan-
uary, 186$. Had our mercantile marine possessed
such lines at tbe breaking ou', of the late war we
might, instead of permitting the rebels to introduce
avast amount of war material before we could collect
the means to prevent it, have quickly closed every
southern port. A comparatively small force of this
kind, appropriately armed and let loose on the ocean,
under command of bold and intelligent officers, would
be a dangerous foe to the commerce of any country.
In giving up this field to the occupation of other
nations and yielding to them the commercial advan-
tages which naturally belong to our own position
and resources, we at the same time relinquish our,
own weapons and arm our possible enemies."
And again:
"There is another element of defense against tho
timo Of danger, perhaps as effective as tiny other
avmla'le to wise and liberal statesmanship. Na-
tions, like men, hesitate to attack those who are
prepared to do them serious injury, and in the means
of destructive aggression is often found tbe surest
defense against all who have anything to lose. Such
means would be at hand if we had lines of ocean-
going steamers established running out of oar ports
iu tho peaceful pursuit of commercial enterprise,
but carrying our own flag and available to our Gov-
ernment in time of need."
Take now the statement of Admiral Porter,
probably the highest naval authority in the
country, and who has had experience in the
merchant service a3 commander of a merchant
steamship. In his testimony before the com-
mittee, which may be found on pages 183 to
193 of its report, he feiy's:
"If the United States possessed the steamships
plying between New York and Europe the Govern-
ment would have a better Navy than it ever had.
There was not a ship in the American .Navy that*
could compare with the best ships on the Emrlish
and French lines in point of speed, stability, or for
carrying guns. All those vessels could be fitted with
masts in a. very short time and rigged completely.
If the VnitedStates ljadpossessetlhaJfthenumberof
