1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1483
resolution, in which the concurrence of the !j
House was requested : !
An act (S. No. 473) amendatory to an act :
fixing certain rules and regulations for pre-
venting collisions on the water, approved April
29. 1864;
An act (S. No. 421) for the relief of II. P.
Parrott;
An act (S. No. 489) to reorganize the marine
hospital service, and to provide for the relief
of sick and disabled seamen ;
An act(S. No. 237) to amend an act entitled
"An act to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to license yachts;"
An act (S. No. 485) to authorize the name of
the propeller Thomas McManus to be changed
to that of the City of Newburg; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 119) to admit,
free of duty, certain printed chromos.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed the following concurrent resolu-
tion, in which they desired the concurrence
of the House:
llesolved by the Senate (the House of Representa-
tives concurring.) That no speech not actually deliv-
ered in Congress shall be printed in the Globe.
question of privilege again.
Mr. MUNGEN. If the House will give its
attention I will soon close what I have to say.
I am glad to hear the resolution in regard to
the printing of speeches from the Senate which
has just been read. I certainly am in favor of
that resolution ; I have no objection to it in the
world. But the great trouble, Mr. Speaker,
with us over on this side is that it is so diffi-
cult for us to get the floor, because the chair-
men of all the committees are on the other
side of the House, and we on this side are
hardly allowed to say a word. We are thank-
ful, therefore, if we can occasionally slip in a
few words in the form of a written speech to
go to our constituents through the Globe. But
let him not censure me so sharply because my
remarks were written, for the last speech of
the great leader of the gentleman's party, who
stood head and shoulders above them all, the
last speech he made, and several others, were
written speeches. There are very few gentle-
men on this floor who have not published writ-
ten speeches. But if that is the head and front
of my offending, I will not do it again provided
gentlemen will give me a fair chance of debat-
ing any question under the rules. So much
for that.
I think the gentleman treats me very harshly
when he says 1 have been guilty of violating the
rules of common propriety ; that I have been :
guilty of violat iug the rules of common decency. '
idenythatl have been guilty ofany such thing.
And I say that when the gentleman made that
remark he more grossly violated the rules of
this House than Ididby utteringany paragraph
or sentence which thegentleman can select from
my speech. The gentleman made that asser-
tion broadly, within the hearing of the House.
I never would have made such an assertion
with regard to the gentleman from Massachu-
setts. 1 claim that I have always recognized
him as a gentleman ; and I say to him that I !
have not been guilty of the violation of any
rules of decency. 1 scorn the imputation.
I think I need not say anything further. I
had understood from the gentleman himself
yesterday afternoon that he was to take a dif-
ferent course. I have no objection to his taking
the course which he now indicates; none what-
ever. 1 understood, however, yesterday that he
had got some extracts copied from my speech,
and that he had prepared a preamble and two
resolutions, one of censure and the other to
prevent the speech from appearing in the regu-
lar authorized edition of the Globe. It is im-
material to me which course the gentleman
takes. I am quite willing that the matter be
referred to the Committee on the Rules, or any
other committee, and if they can point out
tome that in any way in what I said in that
speech 1 violated the rules of the House, or
cast a reflection on a Senator that was disre-
spectful to the Speaker, or to any member of
this body, I will be most ready to make any
amende in my power and submit to any censure
which the House may impose.
Mr. DAWES. lyieldnowforafewmoments
to thegentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck.]
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, as I regard
this question it presents itself now for the con-
sideration of the House in a shape in which we
cannot escape from it. A member has risen in
his place, and referring to what has been done
by my col league, [ Mr. Mungen, ] avers that upon
examination it will be found that he has violated
the rules of common decency, as well as abused
the courtesy extended to him by the House, in
printing what has been printed as a speech of
his in the Globe. My colleague, of course, is
not of that opinion. What is asked? Not that
there shall be any action in the House. If there
were we must go into the merits of the case;
but that there shall be au inquiry. Now, when
thegentlemanfrom Massachusetts [Mr.DAWEs]
has made such an averment he cannot afford
that there shall not be an inquiry. When such
an averment has been made my colleague can- |
not afford to have no inquiry; and when such ;
an averment has been made and denied this !
House cannot afford to refuse inquiry. We do ;
not touch the merits of the question at all,
therefore, in determining upon the resolution !
proposed by the gentleman from Massachusetts. ; j
If any gentleman should rise in his place and !
aver in regard to anything that I had said or ;
done that it was indecent or improper and in '
violation of the rules of the House, the more I !
denied it the more I should desire that there
should be an inquiry. And so I take it that an
inquiry must follow, as a matter of course, from
this condition of things. My only regret is that
it does not go quite deeply enough into the evil;
and I was very glad that this proceeding was
interrupted by a message from the Senate in-
forming us that they have passed a concurrent
resolution prohibiting hereafter the publica-
tion among the proceedings of either House of
speeches professedly made but in fact not made ■
upon the floor.
The truth is that this evil has grown until it
has become intolerable, and I say this without
any reference to this particular case. There
is no debate any longer ordinarily in this House.
Upon every great question that comes up Mr.
Jones, from one State, sits down in his room, j
nibs his pen, scratches his head, and writes an ;
essay, pro or con, upon the subject: while Mr. |
Smith, in another room in the hotel or boarding- :
house, is in like maimer cudgeling his brains |
to get out an essay on the other side, [laughter ;] :
and these essays are brought in here and read,
or printed without being read, and they pass to
the country for debate. Now, I understand
debate to mean the collision of mind with mind
for and against any particular proposition,
building up gradually by that collision some
common conclusion at which those who are to
be influenced by the debate ultimately arrive ;
but, except under the five-minutes rule, we never
have anything of that kind.
I do not think my colleague [Mr. Mungen]
is quite fair in justifying himself by saying that
gentlemen upon that side of the House cannot
get an opportunity to be heard because of the
engrossing of the time of the House by the
chairmen of committees upon this side. I will
compare notes with any one of half a dozen
gentlemen I could name—and I am the chair-
man of one of the important committees of the
House—I will compare notes with any one of
half a dozen gentlemen, including my col-
league, and I think they will find that they have
filled three or four columns of the Globe where
I have filled one during this session or this
whole Congress. It is scarcely a fair propo-
sition to put, it upon that ground. But with-
out any imputation upon my colleague or any-
body, for there has been a great deal of sinning
in this direction, I am glad that, the subject in
some form has been brought up that it may
lead to a reform to be shaped out, perhaps, by
adopting the resolution of the Senate, which
will cut off forever hereafter the publishing to
the country as debates taking place in this
House that which never does occur here—the
publishing as declarations made in the pres-
ence of the country and of the House upon
subjects before us for consideration declara-
tions which never have been made and words
which never have been spoken here.
Another question, a little grave, connects
itself with this matter which, perhaps, we ought
to consider. My colleague [Mr. Mungen] in
the course of his remarks this morning has
referred to his right as a Representative in this
House not to be called to account for any words
spoken in debate. That is the language of the
Constitution, that " for any speech or debate in
either House they [Senators and Represent-
atives] shall not be questioned in any other
place."
Now, there might arise a very grave question,
whether there was any protection under the
Constitution for language published as being
spoken in the House when it was really not
spoken at all. Suppose, for instance, that under
a general leave to print an offensive speech
should be published aimed at somebody not a
memberof either House and a cudgeling should
follow on account of the words in the speech,
and the party using the violence should be
brought up to answer for a contempt of the
House in having attacked one of its members;
the charge would be that the assault was made
for words spoken in debate. Now, suppose it
should appear on examination that those words
never were spoken at all, but were published
under the general authority to print something
that was prepared or which might be prepared
thereafter; I doubt very much whether, with
any propriety at least, whatever might be our
power, we could enforce any personal punish-
ment for an infringement of the privileges of
the House in that case.
But, to come back to the subject before the
House, I will simply say that the matter assumes
such form now that we must make this inquiry.
I trust that my colleague [Mr. MungenJ will
see it in that light; for 1 do not think that
either he or any one else standing in that
predicament could afford to have no inquiry
after such a charge has been made. And in
addition I hope this inquiry will result in our
getting rid entirely of this whole system of
blazoning to the world pretended speeches
which have never been delivered.
Mr. DAWES. I will now yield to the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Voorhees] for as
long a time as the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schenck] has occupied, and then I think I
must insist upon a vote.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Allow me one
word.
Mr. VOORHEES. Certainly; for I do not
know that I care to say anything.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. My colleague,
[Mr. Schenck,] in his remarks, as a matter of
form merely, as he would have said "John
Doe" or "Richard Roe," used the words "Mr.
Smith" of this House, or " Mr. Jones." Of
course he did not mean any one on this floor.
Mr. SCHENCK. If either Mr. Smith or
Mr. Jones is here I will withdraw my remark
[laughter] and call the person "John Doe" or
" Richard Roe."
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I did not regard
the remark of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schenck] as at all applicable to myself per-
sonally. [Laughter.]
Mr."SCHENCK. I referred to Smith and
Jones, as 1 wou.ld have referred to Brown or
Robinson, merely by way of illustration.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I am perfectly
well aware that the gentleman could not have
been so ungenteel as to make such a remark
with any personal application.
Mr. SCHENCK. Of course not.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I desire the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts to allow me to say
a word or two on this subject.
