4816
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
anything interesting is going on, members
rush down to the Clerk's desk, or about the
person speaking, and the other members can-
not hear.
The SPEAKER. Members will resume their
seats. Thegentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] will suspend his remarks until order
is restored.
. The House having come to order,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I was
about saying that that, was the course then
pursued, and I believe it was the proper
course. If this resolution shall be referred to
the Comniittee on the Judiciary, so far as I am
couceraed, prompt justice shall be done to my
friend from Nevada, [Mr. Fitch,] as I have
ever endeavored to do justice, and an invest-
igation made which cannot bo made on the
floor of this House. For, mark you, this re-
porter can come forward here and publish the
evidence upon which he may have relied for
the statement he has made, when there can be
no counter-evidence brought against him ; and
he may publish evidence implicating, more or
less, members of this House, without their
being in a position to reply; whereas if the
matter can be properly sifted before a com-
mittee, only the exact point in issue will bo
reported on; and if he has done wrong, he
will be subject to the punitive action of the
House.
No one knows better than yourself, Mr.
Speaker, how little fitted we are to deal with
a question of this kind on the floor of the
House, or how insufficiently it must be invest-
igated here. In the regular order of business
we cannot investigate it very well; and we
certainly cannot investigate it in the iuegular
order of business. I simply ask members to
consider whether "Strike but hear" should
not be the maxim of the House of-Represent-
atives.
Mr. FITCH. It occurs to me, Mr. Speaker,
that if this resolution be adopted, and this man,
when brought before the bar of the House,
desires time to prepare his defense or show
cause why he should not be expelled from the
reporters' gallery, it will be very easy upon his
request to appoint a committee, who shall then
proceed to investigate the matter. I make
this indictment against him, sustained by evi-
dence exhibited to the House; and he should
at least plead " guilty " or " not guilty."
In response to the argument of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] that
this correspondent when summoned to the bar
may say something implicating other members,
and also 111 reply to the allusion to the state-
ments made by Mr. Brooks concerning this
House. I say that all that matter is of incon-
siderable consequence to 1110 compared with
this direct, specific charge. Here is a charge
affecting my integrity and my otlicial action as
a member of this House. 1 rise 111 my place
and deny it, and call upon the gentleman who
is mentioned as the authority for the statement,
and ho denies it. The very next day the same
correspondent telegraphs to the same paper a
reiteration of the charge, with a statement that
the information upon which ho bases that re-
iteration is obtained from the gentleman from
Massachusetts, who again denies it.
Now, I claim as a vindication of myself, as
a vindication of the privileges of ilia House
which are attacked through me, that this man
should be brought before the bar of the House,
because, whatever other gentlemen may say, I
know that there is not only 110 truth in the
charge, but that it is a lie in essence as well as
a lie in detail; that there is no foundation for
it; that nobody has made any statement upon
which any such charge could be based.
Mr. BINGHAM. 'The gentleman will allow
me to suggest to the House that in view of the
form and manner in which this matter is pre-
sented, there is 110 propriety whatever in refer-
ring it to a committee till the correspondent
appears at the bar of the House and pleads
either "guilty " or " not guilty." Ifhepleads
"guilty," who would impanel a jury to inquire
into the facts? If he pleads "not guilty," of
course the matter ought to be referred to a
committee, if he asks it.
Mr. FITCH. I yield to the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Faknswortii.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It seems to me this
matter is all within avery small compass. The
charge is made that this reporter has stated in
his correspondence to the New York Evening
Post that the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butler] madeacertainstatement to him.
The gentleman from Massachusetts declares on
the floor of the House that he did not make any
such statement. This, I take it, is all the evi-
dence that wc need. Certainly there would be
propriety in referring the reporter back to the
gentleman from Massachusetts, that the ques-
tion may be settled between them ; fori under-
stand it is to the Judiciary Committee that it
is proposed to send the matter. The question,
if there is any question at all, is between the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts and the reporter.
I take the statementof a member of this House,
supposing him to be an honorable man and a
man of veracity, that there is 110 truth in what
the reporter says.
The matter is sufficiently investigated already,
if we are to take as true the statement of one
of our colleagues here on the floor. When the
reporter is brought to the bar of the House, if
he insists that his statement is true and that
the statement of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts is untrue, then we can investigate the
matter. There will then be full opportunity
for purgation. But as the matter stands at
present it has been sufficiently investigated,
because the member upon whom the reporter
throws the responsibility for his information
denies in open House that he ever gave such
information. Now, what more is wanted?
[ insist that some action ought to be taken
in regard to matters of this kind. I have
myself been slandered by reporters; but I
have generally found that some man was stand-
ing behind the reporter to " egg him 011 ;" and
my practice has been to go for the master and
let the man go. It is well enough to stop this
continued stream of slander going from Wash-
ington to these papers.
Mr. FITCH. 1 will yield for a question to
the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to ask
a question of the gentleman from Nevada. I
understood him to speak impersonally of a cor-
lespondent or a reporter of the New York
Evening Post, as not knowing the name of the
particular person. The manner of his speech
left me in doubt who it was that he meant, and
therefore I suggested we should not proceed
until we knew precisely the party who did the
thing charged. If the gentleman from Nevada
is fully satisfied, as a member of the House,
in his own mind whom he desires to bo brought
here, and lie says he knows this particular per-
son is the one who ought to be required to
appear at the bar of the House,-then I have
no further objection to make.
Mr. FITCil. I am satisfied that William
Seolt Smith is the man. I now yield to the
gentleman from Wisconsin.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, after what
has taken place this morning I do not s.ic.vhat
necessity there can be for any committee to be
appointed to make a preliminary investigation
of this matter. There is a charge that this
correspondent has slandered the member from
Nevada. I say that it is our duty to protect
the member from Nevada under all and every
circumstance. "We are treating this corre-
spondent fairly when we ask him to come to
the bar of the House and tell us whether he has
slandered the member from Nevada or not.
Why shall we interpose by the appointment of
a committee of investigation? The statement
of the gentleman from Massachusetts is suffi-
cient for us that he never gave this correspond-
ent any such information. Therefore, let him
come to the bar of the House and say whether
he has slandered the member from Nevada-.
If then he says he wants the matter delayed,
because he is not prepared to make answer, I
shall be willing to give him time. I shall be
willing to give him the fullest opportunity to
exculpate himself. I would not proceed hastily.
I would proceed cautiously, and give him every
opportunity for a fair trial. That is his due,
and that is what I ask in the first place. We
should bring him to the bar, where, like an hon-
est man, if he be innocent, he can exculpate
himself.
Mr. FITCH. In accordance with the sug;
gestion of many gentlemen, I demand the pre-
vious question on the adoption of the resolu-
tion.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
94, noes 26.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered.
Mr. DAWES. I demand the yeas and nays
011 so important a matter as this.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LATH CONSUL AX SANTIAGO, CUH.1.
Mr. BANKS. I send to the Clerk's desk,
and ask unanimous consent to have read, an
extract from a communication of the late con-
sul to Santiago, Cuba.
Mr. DAWES. I demand the regular order.
Does it affect this matter?
Mr. BANKS. Not at all. It is-only in ref-
erence to his own action. There is nothing
offensive to any member of this House or of
the Government.
Mr. DAWES. I demand the regular order
of business.
ASSAULT UPON A ME3IBKH.
The SPEAKER. The Chair lays before
the House, as a question of privilege, the
following communication.
The Clerk read as follows:
Washixgios, D. C., Jane 10,1S70.
gin: On Monday, May 30, I was assaulted on
Broad street, in the eity of Richmond, Virginia,
under circumstances wliieli I will briefly relate.
AVhilo in conversation with Oolonei J. M. Hum-
phreys, collector of the port, .md Colonel Willi;;m 0.
Tompkins, of Hanover county, wo were approached
by the person who subsequently assaulted me, and
whosenamol bavesincelcaruerlis "Patrick Woods''
alias 'Tat Dooley." fie introduced himself to mo
in a very friendly manner, apparently, and giving his
name as "Pat Woods.'' X had never seen or heard
of hint before, but spoko to him pleasamly. "When
UolonclTompkins separated from us, Colonel Hum-
phreys and myself continued our walk up Broad
street, Wood:- accompaioing us, though uninvited.
I thought, nothing nf it, however, as I supposed ho
desired to have some further friendly conversation
with us. Colonel Humphreys was 011 my right, and
Woodson mylett. Wc had proceeded but ad'ewsteps
when, without the slightest notice or warning, I re-
ceived a terrible blow from Woods across my face,
cutting through one side of my noso and rendering
mo almost unconscious. The opinion of my physi-
cian is that brass knucklcs or something of the kind
were used. Woods followed tins up by at least two
moro powerful blow.; in my face. lie then caught
hold of uio with the viewof a! tempting lurther per-
sonal violence. I seized hold of him, and, exerting
all the strength I could coaiiaantl, gave him a whirl
which released mo. X now realized that the inten-
tion was to murder me, and started for the oilier.-ado
ot the street, iio drew his pistol and said he would
kill me. ile did not fne, however, as some one par-
tially interfered with him, and besides, I got en the
opposite side of a street oar which was coming along:
and had stopped tor a moment. After the car started
I succeeded iu reaching- the other side of the street
without further injury.
Since the assault I have learned that Woods was
one of the police detectives under the mayor ot
Kichmond at the time ho attacked rae. At the time
of the assault I had been in Richmond for several
days, and absent by leave of tjie House, in conse-
quence of the sicknecsoi' my wife.
This affair occurred in the afternoon, and on the
most active business street in Kichmond. It was
near the theater building, in the very heart of the
cit y.
Some of the foregoing statements are based on the
