2428
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
we como to admit the conquered territory into the
Union it is immaterial how it wasacquirod, whether
by conquest, by purcbaso, or by discovery. We aro
about to make States of it, and the question of tho
method of acquisition is wholly unimportant. When
it como3 into the Union as a State it must have tho
rights of a. State, and its peoplo must possess tho
rights and privileges of tho people of ovory other
State, according to tho express terms of tho Consti-
tution."
And again: *
"Neither has a State the right to alienato a light
which that Stato has as a State under tho Constitu-
tion of tho United States. Tho dootrino that the
piesent generation, lor its own convenienco or its
imaginary interest, has the right to alienato against
all coming generations a right which a Stato pos-
sesses under tho Constitution is absurd, and is con-
trary to the whole theory of tho Government."
Again, on the sumo day, he says:
"Suppose the Stato of Arkansas had put a provis-
ion in her constitution to tho effect that it should
never in any respect bo omonded, and tho peoplo of
the present day; met at the polls and ratified that,
would thatbobinding on tho people ton yoars henco,
or upon tho nest generation, or one year henco ?
They havo. wo will snpposo, provided and ratified
it solemnly at tho polls that tho constitution shall
never bo amended. I say it, ia notbinding upon that
Stato for ono moment. Thoyhavo a right to meet
the very next month in constitutional convention
and change it, because it is part of tho funda-
mental principles of this Govornmont declared in
the Declaration of Independence
And here the great Senators from Indiana
and from Massachusetts meet upon common
ground and maintain their argument upon the
Declaration of Independence —
"That tho people havo a right to meet from time
to time and alter or amend their constitution or form
of government, and therefore acon^titutional con-
vention of to-day cannot bind the people forall tune.
Why, sir, it has frequently happened that State con-
stitutions have fixed a certain way in which they
tJiall he amended. Some have fixed periods saying
tlicy shall not be amended except e,very ten years or
every twenty yeais. 1 think in at lea^t a dozen capon
these provisions have been disregarded; and in State*
where they have provided that tiie constitution i-hall
only bo amended in a particular way they havo
amended it by a general convention: and whorethey
havo provided that they should only be amended at
certain stated periods, ten years or twenty years, they
havo been amended at, shorter periods, because tho
great fundamental right is respccted that the peoplo
havo tho right to alter and amend their form of gov-
ernment from time to time; and it is not in tho power
of this generation to take away that right from tho
next.
"Mr. Edmunds. That is tho right of revolution,
otherwise than provided.
"Mr. Mokto.v. T am not speaking of the right
of revolution; I am speaking of tho way in which
the right has been exorcised from time to time to
amend tho constitutions of the several States. Mr.
President, I havo said about all I want to say in
regard to this matter."
And I might add, also, about all that ia
necessary to drive these fundamental condi-
tions into sovereign and universal contempt.
"I foci some interest in the question from tho fact
that this legislation would bo a blomioh upon tho
legislation of Congress, that it would form a danger-
ous precedent,. .1 think wo havo no ri^lit to assume
that wo can tako from States byeontract rightswhich
belonged to thorn by tho Constitution of the United
States. It may now be applied to a thing that ap-
peals strongly to all our feelings, as does tho right
of suffrage to men of all races and of all colors, but
it may bo equally applied to take from them the right
to representation in wholo or in part; it may bo
applied to a hundred things which would disqualify
thoStatos in time to como, make them unequal to
each othor, and be a burden to future generations.
Lot us preserve tho simplicity and tho harmony of
mir Go^ ernment. Tho simple theory propounded
by tho Supremo Court of tho United States in tho
case roferred to by the Senator from Maryland is tho
true one and the just one."—Ibid, pages 27-12,2743.
Mr. President, I suspend reading at this point
because my strength is exhausted, not because I
have exhausted the rich and rare mine of argu-
ment and illustration poured forth by the Sena-
tor from Indiana, in a resistless and overwhelm-
ing current, against the constitutionality of
these so-called fundamental conditions. When
the Mississippi bill was before the Senate, and
I had finished my little speech in defense of
the Constitution, if the Senator from Indiana
had risen in his place, and, instead of charging
me with revamping the doctrine of nullification,
he had charged rne with plagiarism, and had
produced and read his recorded speech to prove
it, he would have shamed me out of tho Senate.
Although I could have truthfully said in defense
that I was not aware of that speech of the Sen-
ator at that time, yet with the two speeches
spread side by side I should have feared the
judgment of the country. Great men often
think alike; but it is rare indeed that so great
a man as the Senator from Indiana and so
small a man as I am think and reason with
such entire coincidence.
I linger with pleasure upon this great speech
of the Senator from Indiana, because it is so
satisfactory in its conclusions, so sound in its
argument, so rich in its illustrations, and such
an overwhelming and fatal blow to those who
are associated with him in this debate. After
having drawn so copiously from this rich fount-
ain, it is superfluous, and it may seem impert-
inent to add another suggestion. And yet this
subject may be presented in so many lights and
illustrated in so many ways, that I desire to
stato one or two additional arguments falling
into the current of the argument of the Senator
from Indiana. I desire especially to refer to
the theory of the Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Edmunds,] that these conditions may be de-
fended as being in the nature of a treaty between
tho Union and the State.
Turn again to tho Constitution. Take, for
instance, the provision that no State shall coin
money. Ifthe relation between the Union and
a State, as fixed by the Constitution, may be
varied by a compact at the time of the admis-
sion of a Stato, it is manifest that the powers
of a State may be increased as well as dimin-
ish p<l.
If a compact or treaty between tho Union
and a Slate upon the subject of its political
powers and its proper relation to the Union can
be made at all, then its nature and extent aro
subject only to the pleasure of the high con-
tracting parties. Now, what would the Sen-
ator from Vermont say to a bill admitting a
Slate upon the fundamental condition that she
should have tho power to coin money, declare
war, raise armies, pass bills of attainder, ex
post facto laws, and laws impairing the obliga-
tion of contracts, &e. V
Upon this theory you may admit one State
with one class of powers, and another with
another; and what is to become of this Union
of States, what is to become of the Constitu-
tion, what is to become of the uniformity of
congressional legislation? In place of our
once harmonious Union, composed of States
in all respects the equals, tho peers of cach
other, equally affected by all the general laws
of Congress, obedient to one rule of decision,
bound by common limitations and possessing
equal powers, and therefore moving iti the har-
mony of a common brotherhood, you are to
have an irritating alliance between distinct and
discordantcommunities, with all thejealousies,
'contentions, and heartburnings alwaysinspired
by such a Union of unequals.
Sir, the theory of the Senator from Ver-
mont cannot be maintained for a moment;
but, sir, no more conclusive argument can be
made against it than I have already read from
t he great specch of the Senator from Indiana.
The Constitution of the United States, which
in itself is declared to be the supreme lav/ of
the land, anything in the constitution, stat-
utes, or treaties of any State notwithstanding,
always speaks in the present tense and with
absolute authority. When it was ratified by
nine Sttxtes it was binding between and over
them. When it was afterward ratified by the
other four States, and v?hen afterward the
Union was composed of twenty States, and
then of thirty, and so on, at all these periods
it provided for and carefully regulated the
powers of the States and the power of the
Union ; and a century hence, when the Union
may be composed of a hundred States, the
Constitution, if it be not amended in this par-
ticular, will speak in relation to all tho States
which will compose the Union the command
it now utters:
"Tho powers not delegated to the United States
by the-Constitution, nor prohibited by it [the Con-
stitution] to tho States, aro reserved to the States
respectively, or to tho people."
And this provision will constantly override
and destroy any State constitution, statute, ,
compact, or treaty of a State which atterSfita
to confer upon the Union powers not conferred
by the Constitution; or attempts to deprive a
State of powers reserved to it by the Constitu-
tion.
To test this let us take the case of Virginia;
because, after all, a theory must submit to the
test of practice. The Senator from Vermont
maintains that the compact between us and
Virginia, (which, by the way, is a one-sided
compact, Virginia never having consented to
it,) that she shall never change her present con-
stitution in regard to common schools, is bind-
ing upon that State through all time. Now
suppose that ten years hence she does amend
her constitution in that particular, arid the val-
idity of that amendment comes up as a judicial
question. How will tho case stand? Here is
tho provision of the Constitution. I quote
again:
"Tho powers not delegated to the United States
by tho Constitution, nor prohibited by it to tho
States, aro reserved to tho States respectively, or to
the people."
The power to regulate common schools" in
tho State of Virginia is not conferred upon the
United States by the Constitution, nor is it
forbidden to that State by the Constitution.
Now take these two i'actrf, which will be con-
ceded by everybody, and read the Constitution
in connection with the admission. It is mani-
fest that the power to regulate her common
schools is reserved by tho Constitution to that
Slate, lu othor words, the Constitution of the
United States declares in legal effect that the
State of Virginia shall at all times possess and
have tho power to regulate her school system,
and to change, alter, modify, or repeal her
Constitution and laws upon that subject at
pleasure. The constitutional provision quoted,
if the above admission be made, would be no
stronger if it contained tho precise words by
which I interpret its meaning.
Now suppose, as I havo, that Virginia does
so amend her constitution and the Senator
from Vermont is retained to dispute the val-
idity of that amendment in a court of justice.
The arguments would stand thus: "True,"
says Virginia, " we have amended our consti-
tution in this respect, but the Constitution of
tho United States says we may do so."
"True," says the Senator from Vermont,
"tho Constitution of the United States does
say you may do so ; but the act of Congress
by which you were admitted into the Union
says you shall not do so." "Very well,"
rejoins Virginia, " that reduces the discussion
to a single question, namely, when the Con-
stitution of tho United States and an act of
Congress are in irreconcilable antagonism,
does the Constitution destroy the act or does
the act override the Constitution ?"
Is itnot manifest that the Senator from Ver-
mont, to succeed on tho issue, must maintain
that Congress has the power to set aside the
Constitution at its will and pleasure?
Sir, the whole doctrine of fundamental con-
ditions, tho more you consider it, the more can-
didly and patiently you investigate the ground
upon which it rests looms up in monstrous pro-
portions of absurdity more and more. It deals
a destroying blow upon the very foundations
of the Constitution, and destroys the harmony
of our system of government. It is sowing
the wind that our children may reap the whirl-
wind.
Sir, the blind haste with which Congress has
rushed through this business, its manifest &nx-
iety to be done with an unpleasant task, the
acceleration of its speed when tho constitu-
tional difficulties were suggested, tho rude-
ness with which it has put aside the Committee
on the Judiciary, as children prattling out of
i time, the remorseless purpose with which it
has held the murderous knife over these pros-
1 trate States brings to mind the mournful solil-
