3ST2
T0B CONGRESSIONAL #iO&£i.
May 11,
Fteanlshif'3 now engaged in the European trade with
New York he did not think the rebels would ever
havo got out a b*le of cotton from a southern i>n. I,,
and would htve had to submit long before they
did."—AtffelSS.
Iu making this statement Admiral Porter
calculated upon sixty of these first-class for-
eign steamers as the number running to and
from New York, when in fact the actual num-
ber is nearly double that, so rapidly have they
increased.
Again, oh page 184, to the question— ,
" I understand you to say that if at the commence-
ment. of the lato war we had thirty steamfers like
those running to New York from EnropO they would
have been as efficient as our entire .Navy"—-
the Admiral answers:
"Twice ds efficient. I gay that without hesitation.
The ships we had could catch nothing. We never
hnd a vessel that could run down a blockade-runner
during the whole war except the Vand^rbilt and
two others. Our irow-clads are only suitable for har-
bor defence. In case of war with Great Britain or
France our power would be ih cutting up their cum-,
mereo. Great Britain conld not stand a war six
months tvith a fleet of vessels thatwe would send out
after her vfessela. They would breaik her up rootand
branch; and that kind of warfare would be more
likely to bring abritit peace than fighting with iron--
clads of hea*y war vessels."
The atnouht appropriated from 1850 to 1860
for the Nftvy was $73,000,GOO. Otre third of
this amount appropriated- i#i aid of the mer-
chant steaihship service would have estab-
lished and Maintained a hundred such steam-
ships as these described by Admiral Porter,
thirty of wblch h« declares twice as efficient
as oilrf N&vy at the coftfna«ncement of the war.
Whocan estimate tba millions of treasure and
the thousands of lives that would hare been
saved if this naval appropriation hid been thut)
divided and applied? - <■
It wobld be folly to mousn over the p&st, but
still' greater fblfy to neglect its hard learned
lessons. What is the pneseiit application of
ourt!ear*bougbt eKperiervce? Our na7al force
is that of a fifth rate Povrer. It ought tb be
second to that of no nati6n, for upon it we>
must rely mainly for otlr means of defense in
all our future wars. . We have no powerful
continental neighbors against whose encroach-
ments it is necessary to keep up a large stand-
ing army. Our policy is to engage in no wars
of conquest^ but, conceding to all nations their
rights, stand always in a condition to maintain
and defend our own. \Ve cannot expect exemp-
tion from future wars, bnt we ma| lessen our
liability , to them by keeping ourselves ih such
a condition as to make it dangerous for other,
nations to encroach upon or to attack us.
Another reason fbl- keeping up a respectable
naval force is the necessity for furnishing pro-
tection to our citizens) who travel more than
thosd of any cither nation to all ptitrta of the
globe. , Every American should feel that' he
cannot travel so far as to get beyond the pro-
tection of his Government. Stich is not the
case to-day. The citizen of Great Britain or
of France is protected in his rights everywhere.
The American Citizftn is sure ef protection
nowhere except At hofhe. And however we
may increase in wealth, however much we may
develop our internal resource? and commerce,
our condition in thisregard will not be improved
until-we reestablish otir power upon the ocean
and maintain iipbn it an irmtfd polite c&paBIfe
of affording such protection to our citiaensas,
will.secure to them their rights in all parts of
the world.
iVmairifain ifi perioe a navy equal t6 the
demands of wir would involve|a large and
unnecessary expense., That the,Navy proper
shpul^r be more powe'rful than it is, and that
it would be real ecbtiomy to make it so, I
do not doubt. It should approximate more
nedrly tb thQSe'of other first-class .Pbtyers.
The navy of Great Britain has more than.four <
times tho effective 'force of our own, and,the
amount, annually appropriated to it is more'
than fifty million dollars. She has not only this
powerful navy, armed, officered, and equipped
to the highest degree of efficiency, but an
immense commercial marine, which is the most
valuable contingent to the actual navy, and the
best portion of which could at anytime, like a
well-ordered militia, be called into operation-
to sWell the ranks and add tenfold to the
efficiency of the regular service in case of war
between her and any maritime Power. This
immense contingent naval force of more than
two thousand steamers, many of them of the
largest class and engaged in foreign commerce,
supply one hundred and sixty-four lines, and
is supported by the nations whose business,
they pefform. We support one hundred and
seventeen of this fleet of foreign steamers of
the largest clas3 with our business, and pay
for maintaining this part of the naval force of
foreign nations nearly double the amount which
we appropriate for our own Navy. It has long
been the policy of Great Britain to connect her-
self by these lines of steamers and by postal
arrangements with all parts of the world, thus
increasing her trade aud wealth, and at the
same time providing a most economical and
efficient naval force. The importance which
the statesmen of Great Britain attach to their
commercial steam marine as a source of profit
and of power may be learned from reading the.
debates iu the House of Commons in 1867 on.
the proposition to employ the French steamer
to carry the mails to India, already referred to.
Mr. Crawford, free-trader as he is, protested
in the interests of commerce and of the coun-
try against sending the English mails in the
ships of any foreign country, and declared that
it wduld be carrying the principle of economy
too far; that such a course would be "free
trade run madthat in case of any difficulty
with the nation upon whose vessels they de-'
pended for earring their mails they would bfe,
placed at such -disadvantage as to endanger,
the safety of the nation; that " it wastpotnuch
to expect that the interests of this country,
commercially, socially, and politically, should
be made to depend upon the good will of any
foreign Government whatever," &c.
Contrast the policy of the English Govern-
ment with oilr own iii this regard, dependent
as we are entirely upon foreign steamers for
transporting our mails. In the same debate,''
speaking of the services of their ocean steamers,
in case of threatened or actual war with other
nations, Mr. Crawford said :
"The French have soen what the f eninsalar and.
Oriental steamers did in tho Crimean war. They'
then carried upward of sixty thousand men from this
country, two thousand officers,  nd between eleven,
and twelve thousand horses. Wo know what, wa's
done-by another company in thp 'Trent' affair. We
know how ten thousand men Were sent out to C.in- -
iida by tho Ounard line of steamers and other vessels
almost at a day's notice."
. This last fact is one ,tbat the American people:
ought never to forget; but, keeping it fresh in
remembrance, resolve that tha principle of
economy shall never again be curried, to such
an extent as to leave us entirely at the tttercy
of any foreign nation. , It Is true economy in
a nation to avoid war by keeping constantly in.
a condition to resist aggressions. The main-
tenance of hn army and a navy fs the, prifte'
which a nation pays for its independence. Ab ,,
I have endeavored to show, our main reliance
for defense must be upon our Na^y; apd the
most economical as well as the most efficient i
navy, that which adds to the wealth as well tts
the power of a natibh, is best secured through (
its merchant marine. Upon thiapointlqaota
Admiral Porter again, On page 192, in answer ji
to.tlie question by Mr. Jcdd: if the Goverb^^
ment should enter upon this- lystera of sub-
sidies how would it affect paval estimates?'
He said': • , „'
"It would save the Government millions of dollars
in case of war. because 1 do not, want batter ships
than those Steamships are; and tnen they are kept
in order all the time. There is not a ship rnHriing
on those lines that is. aot put into thorough aider >
whenever she comes into port Wo can take such
ships, run bulkheads' across them, and fit them for
privateers in a week.'1
The naval appropriations for the last four
years exceed in the aggregate $69,000,000
about Ohfe third the amount which Great Britain
has appropriated in the same time—certainly
not extravagant for a nation of forty millions
of people, having a line of sea-coast of more
than five thousand miles, and bordering on the
two great oceans of the_ world. If we had in-
creased the appropriation thirty per cent, we
could have secured the construction of a larger
and more efficient merchant marine than we
ever possessed. If our necessities absolutely
compelled us to limit our appropriations, then
by applying one third of the appropriation act-
ually made we could have done the same tiling.
Suppose instead of $09,000,000 we had ap-
propriated $45,000,000 to the Navy proper,
and $24,000,000 in aid ofour merchant marine.
The $45,000,000 would have kept the Naw
intact, and the $24,000,000 Would have pro-
vided a fleet of sail and steam vessels with a
naval reserve of seamen worth many times our
present Navy for national defense. Applied
exclusively to'steamers it would have aided in
constructing, under the aid afforded by this
bill, 100 iron steamships of 3,000 tons each
and paid a subsidy toward maintaining them
of $3,700,000 per year.
Cftii there be a doubt that such a fleet of
vfessels would have more than repaid the Treas-
ury for the expenditure, to say nothing of the
addition to hur naval strength.
And is not an appropriation in aid of build-
ing up Such an auxiliary naval force as legit-
imate as when applied directly to the Navy
proper? Can the fact that the Government is
relieved of all khe expense of taking care of
and jailing these vessels jn time of peace be
urged as an objection so long as they are en-
tirely at its command' in time of war ?
Having demonstrated what might have been
done by a judicious application of the means
appropriated, let us now consider what may be
dotie in the future if profiting by our past
ex.perience and the example of other nations
we adopt a wise policy. Having considered
the value, the necessity of an efficient mer-
chant marine, let us now estimate its cost.
The entries at ports of the United States from
foreign ports in 1860 amounted to 8.750.362
t6ns of shipping, of which 5.847,094 tons
were foreign and 3.402,668 tons American ves-
sels. In 1861 the total was 7,241,271 Ions, of
which 2.217,471 were foreign and 5,023,917
tons Were American vessels. It has been esti-
mated that sixty percpnt. of the registered ton-
nage of the United States is engaged in, the
carrying-trade between foreign nations. As-
suming this estimate to be correct, this part
of our shipping—989,852 tons—probably aoes
not enter our. ports riibre than once ft year.
Thg other forty per cent.—626,368 tons—prob-
ably averages fyur times a year, a large portion
of it being in the West India and South Ameri-
can trade. According to this estimate the
result Would be as follows:
Ton*. font,
939.832 eriterin£ once ft year  939,852
(32%568 etiering four times ft rear ...2,506.272
1,566,420 Total entfy of American tonpago....3.446.124
Of the foreign 'shipping 250,811 tons are
Bte'dnlerS Which enter on an Average six times
a. year, tnakitig. 1.504,806 tons entering nnd
clearing. The 1,269,790 tons sail shipping
probably averages, three entries each year.
According to'this estimate the foreign tonnage
engaged ih the carrying trade between our own.
and fbreign countries stands thus :
tfona. .
250,811 steameri entering six times each '
v!:    ..I,fi04 86o
l,289l7£>Qialil vessels thro* time*  ye*r _..3,8U9,OT0
1,620(601
5,314,836
It wili hf s?en that ah addition to our mer-
chant ttiavine of 1;209,795, tons of sail ana
260,811 tons of steam vessels would suffice for
doing onr own carrying trade. To build this
