3374
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May II,
vewels—peculiarly favorable to sail vessels on
account of the trade winds and ocean currents,
which hv the change of ten to fifteen degrees of
latitude can be made favorable,either 011 the out-
ward or homeward voyage. The navigation of
the lied sea is difficult and dangerous to sail
vessels. All vessels passing by this route are
subject to a tax, and the passage of the canal
i< liable to obstruction in case of a European
war. The advantages 1 have referred to will,
it'appreciated and appropriated by us, give us
the control of the Pacific. It was said by one
of the most sagacious statesmen of England
that—
'"Hi" nation which controlled tho commerce of
the world controlled the wealth of the world, anu
through it the warUk itself.''
I believe it may be as truly said that the
nation which controls the commerce of the
Pacific controls the commerce of the world,
and thereby controls the world itself.
1 know it may be said that water carriage is
so much cheaper than land carriage that the
commerce of the Pacific for this continent will
geek the route via the Suez canal to New York;
and so it will for the trade that is naturally to
be distributed from that port. Bat the ques-
tion is, how far inland west can New York
distribute the imports from India in condi-
tion with San Francisco and the ports in Ore-
gon? Certainly not west of the east line of
Missouri, Iowa, Wisconsin, and Minnesota;
probably not so far West; leaving all that vast
territory between those points and the Pacific
directly interested in and connected with the
commerce of that coast. Well way the Legis-
lature of California instruct her Senators and
request her Representatives in Congress to
support the bills for the revival of American
commerce, and well may San Francisco send
in her petition with the names of five thousand 1
of her enterprising citizens pressing the same :
request.
Look now at still another of the world's great
routes of commerce that is to be, that which is to
be made by cutting the isthmus which connects
South and North America and separates the
Gulf of Mexico from the waters of the Pacific
ocean. The construction of a ship-canal across
the Isthmus would be of immense advantage
to the whole commerce of the country, bat par-
ticularly to theportsonthe Gulf of Mexico and
the rivers which empty into it, bringing them
into direct communication with the Indies, while
the carrying trade of the world which goes by
this route must pass by the very doors of these
Gulf States. The opening of this routewould
work a counter-revolution in favor of sail ves-
sels, as by a change of a few degrees of latitude
the winds and currents favor both ways. The
advantages which sail vessels wonld have by
the opening of this new route may be seen by
glancing at any chart upon which the trade-
winds and ocean currents are indicated.
With a canal acroas the Isthmus a vessel con Id
sail from any port on the Gulf of Mexico via
the West Indies to the Philippian Islands, Can-
ton, Hong Kong, Shanghai, to ports in Japan,
back via San Francisco down the coast of
California, Mexico, Yucatan, and Honduras to j
her port of departure, making the round voy-
oge in about thesame time thatasteamfirwouid
take to make the voyage via the Suez canal j
from Liverpool to Japan, touchingatsame ports ;
of the eastern continent. On this route sail '
vessels, whether from the United States or 1
Europe, would have the advantage in compe-
tition with steamers. With this new communi-
cation open the Mississippi, the Ohio,and the
Alabama woold rival the Clyde,theTyne,and
the Tees in ship-building, and the ports of the
Gulf States would come to possess a mercan-
tile marine far exceeding that now possessed by
the northern and eastern Atlantic States.
Thus it is seen that the internal commerce
of the country which has been developed at
such immense cost to the nation is to bo con-
nected with an ocean commerce, the magni-
tude of which can scarcely be conceived of.
The question for ns to Bottle is whether we shall
have Buch share of this ocean commerce as our
commanding position entitles us to, or pursu-
I ing a Chinese policy surrender all to foreign
nations.
The rapid settlement of the Pacific coast,
the development of the untold mineral and
agricultural resources of the great and ferule
Territories of the West, the reestablislunent of
civil governments, and the reorganization of
the labor and the revival of the industries of ,
the South, tho breaking down of the barriers
which forages have obstructed intercourse with
the people of the rich and populous countries
of Asia, the dissemination of" American and
European ideas and civilizations in those coun-
tries, the opening of new and shorter channels
of communication between the great oceans of
the world, are all harbingers of the dawn of an i
era of tho most remarkable commercial activity
the world has ever known. But in this com-
mercial prosperity, American occan shipping
is to have neither part nor lot unless wo arouso :
ourselves, and displaying some of the wisdom
and statesmanship of the fathers of the Ucpub-
lie in regard to this great interest, place it
under tho fostering care of the Government,
No revival of the commercial business of tho
world, however great, can aid to restore or re-
vive the ocean tonnage of the United States
unless we place it in a condition to compete
for that business upon equal terms with the ton-
nage of other nations, by such aid as other Gov-
ernments extend to their merchant marine. If
more ships are wanted,as they inevitably will be, 1
the yards that built the vessels which lighted
the Atlantic and Pacific with the burning hulls
of American ships will furnish them, while >
the grass will be allowed to grow in the yards
■ in which were built those specimens of naval
■ architecture which were once the pride ofevery I
j American citizen.
I I rejoice, sir, that amid the^strife and conflicts
' of partisan warfare which agitate the country
' we can find one great national question upon
which men of all parties can unite; a question
I not partisan, but American in the broadest
I sense; a question which concerns our prosper-
ity, our safety, our natioual pride, and our
j national honor.
Mr. NEGLEY obtained leave to have
printed as part of the debates some remarks
on the pending bill. [See Appendix.]
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired.
PROTECTION OF TBXAN FRONTIER. '
Mr. DEGENER, by unanimous content,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1979) for the
better protection of the frontier of Texas;
which was read a first and second time,*
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
SURVEY OF ALASKA, «TC.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Secretary
of the Treasury, transmitting a communication
from the Superintendent of the United States
Coast Survey asking for an appropriation to
survey Alaska and the Aleutian Islands; which \
was referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, and ordered to be printed. j
CLAIM OF BENJAMIN J. GREEN ,
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent, j
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, in relation to the claim -
of Benjamin J. Green for John A. Thompson !
& Co., which was referred to the Committee
of Claims.
ELECTION CONTEST—GRAFTON VS. CONNER.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House papers in the contested-
election case of Grafton vs. Conner, from the
second congressional district of Texas; which
were referred to the Committee of Elections.
BOUNTY DECISION.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication IYom
the Secretary of War, in relation to the bounty
decision of the Sunrome Court; which ivus
referred to the Committee 011 Military AlFaira
and ordered to be printed. '
SUnsiSPRNCB OK IN MAN TRIBE;*.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent
laid before the House a communication from'
the Secretary of tho Interior, inclosing a copy
of a letter from the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, asking I'or.in appropriation of $2-'i0.030
for the purchase of subsistence for the Arapa-
hoes, Chej-enues, and other tribes, for the fncal
year ending June .10, If 71 ; which ivas referred
to the UorrHhittee on Appropriations, and
ordered to be printed.
IMPKOVB.VtNNT OF OdlVKOO 1IARHOU.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent
laid before the House a communication from
; the Secretary of War, in answer to a resolution
of the House of January 2(5,1870, transmitting
a report of the chief of engineers upon the im-
, proveraentofthe harborof Oswego, iti the State
of New York; which was referred to the Coin-
i inittee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
CONTESTED ELECTION GllAFTOX VS. CONNER,
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the Housothe testimony of Charles
H. Cole, in the matter of the contest of B. F.
Grafton for the seat of John C. Conner, as
Representative in the Forty-First Congress of
the second congressional district of Texas ;
which was referred to the Committee of Elec-
| tions.
i TheSPEAKERalso, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House sundry depositions and
other papers in the said contested-election case
of Grafton vs. Conner; which were referred to
the Committee of Elections.
TheSPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, in answer to the resolu-
tion of the House of March 28, 1870, trans-
mitting copies of the returns of the election
held in the second congressional district of
Texas in November and December last.; which
was referred to the Committee of Elections,
and ordered to be printed.
ORENVILLE M. DODGE^
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, in relation to a suit
brought against Grenville M. Dodge in the
State courts of Kansas for acts done by him iu
the discharge of his duty as an officer of the
United States; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
GENERALS OK TUB ARMY.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid .before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, transmitting to the House
a statement of headquarter expenses of gen-
erals of the Army; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
COLLECTORS OF INTERNAL REVENUE.
TheSPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, in answer to -a
resolution of the House of March 21, 1870,
transmitting a statement of the balances due
from the collectors of internal revenue who are
not now in office; which was referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered to
be printed.
RAILROAD LAND GRANT,
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before theHouse a joint resolution of the
General Assembly of the State of Iowa, pray-
ing Congress for a grant of land to aid in the
eonst-uction of a railroad; which wasreferred
to the Committee on the Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
