5262
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
assaulted him, on a civil process, would we
not have enlarged Mr. Porter ; would we not
have set him free ? And why? Because it is
a breach of the privileges of the House to pre-
vent his attendance upon its sessions. There
is no other reason; and then, if to arrest a
man by civil process is a breach of the privi-
leges of the House, for that reason would it
not be a breach of the privileges of the House
to tie him with ropes so that he could not
participate in the deliberations of the House ?
If it be a breach of the privileges of the House
to arrest a member on civil process, and so
prevent him from freely assembling—and the
Supreme Court have decided that that is a
breach of the privileges of the House—will the
House say that when a member is assaulted
and beaten so that he cannot and does not take
his seat in the House for the space of three days,
that is no breach of the privileges of the House,
and especially when the member is assaulted
and beaten because of the political opinions
which he entertains?
If, indeed, the privileges of the House only
extend to protecting themselves bypunishing
men who commit breaches of the privileges of
the House within its walls, then you may not
reach out your hand to free a man arrested on
civil process away from the walls of the Capitol.
If you may enlarge him because it is a breach
of the privileges of the House, and may punish
that breach of the privileges of the House for
the reason that it prevents his attendance on
the House, you may do the same thing when
his attendance on the House is prevented for
any reason; otherwise the right to assemble
is a farce. If one man may be stopped and
prevented from coming here to discharge his
legislative duties, all may be stopped, and the
existence of this body as a deliberative body
is not protected by law. It is said, however,
that in this instance it is protected by the laws
of Virginia. How do we know that? I say
that the right of this House to exist and to
meet as a deliberative body may be maintained
by itself independent of all other jurisdictions
whatever. It is not at the mercy of ruffians.
If we are dependent upon the action of the
hustings court of the city of Richmond for the
privilege of freely assembling and freely delib-
erating, we have abrogated rights which have
inhered in all legislative assemblies from the
commencement of constitutional government
until now.
Now, the question in my mind in this ease
has been whether the punishment inflicted
should not be as long an imprisonment as that
contemplated in the amendment offered by my
colleague on the committee from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Butler.] I supported the resolu-
tion as it was reported by the majority of the
committee, for the reason that imprisonment
has not hitherto been used as a punishment for
this offense. It is the first time that imprison-
ment has been imposed as a punishment for it,
and I would have the House act in such a way
as shall convince the country that we were not
acting under the influence of passion, but were
simply disposed to vindicate the rights and
privileges of the House, without which the
House of Representatives cannot discharge its
duty to the public.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BINGHAM. I nowyield twenty minutes
to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr.]
Mr. RANDALL. Will the gentleman from
Indiana yield for a motion that the House
adjourn ?
Mr. KERR. I will not yield for that pur-
pose, unless the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bingham] desires it.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the gentleman will
proceed with his remarks. 1 wish to dispose
of this case to-night.
Mi-. RANDALL. It will take more than an
hour, for the yeas and nays will of course be
called.
Mr. ROOTS. Let us finish this matter to-
night, if it takes live hours.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Let the House decide
whether it desires to adjourn or not.
Mr. BINGHAM. Does the gentleman from
Indiana desire the floor?
Mr. KERR. I would rather the House should
adjourn.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to close the case
this evening because there are privileged ques-
tions to come up in the morning.
The SPEAKER. There are several confer-
ence reports yet to be made, and they would
take precedence of this subject.
Mr. KERR. I will go on now, if it be the
pleasure of the House.
message from tub senate.
A message from the Senate by Mr. Syjipson,
one of its clerks, informed the House that the
Senate had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 378) to
provide a national currency of coin notes and
to equalize the distribution of circulating notes.
northern district ojf new york.
Mr. CHURCHILL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2378) to provide
for an additional term of the district court for
the northern district of New York ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
dorsey w. trump.
Mr. SMYTH, of Iowa, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2379) for
the relief of Dorsey W. Trump; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
PATRICK WOODS.
The House resumed the consideration of the
report of the Committee on the Judiciary in
the case of Patrick "Woods.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Kerr] is entitled to twenty minutes
ot'the time of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Bisoiiam.]
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, in the short time
allowed me it will be impossible for me to con-
sider in detail the report of the majority of
the Committee on the Judiciury in this case.
There are some propositions in the report
which, in my judgment, are very extraordinary
and cannot be sustained; that are not defensi-
ble, either upon principle or upon the prece-
dents in eases of this kind. I am at a loss to
know how appropriately to express my surprise
ou reading the following proposition in that
report:
"It appears from an uninterrupted scries of cases,
both in this country and in England, from which we
derived our parliamentary law, that all assaults
made upon the reputation, character, and persons
of members have ever been held as breaches of the
privileges of the legislative body of which the mem-
ber was a part, and as high crimes and misdemean-
ors."
With what has occurred in England of this
character we have nothing to do. We are not
a Parliament with omnipotent power, nor have
we privileged classes in this country. We do
not obtain our power or privileges from the
common law, parliamentary customs, or con-
stitution of England, but from the Constitution
of the United States. So the Supreme Court
expressly decided in the case of Anderson vs.
Dunn. (6 Wheaton, 201.)
It is a novel assumption, and will be news
to the people of thiseountry, " thatallassaults
made upon the reputation and character of
members" are breaches of privilege, and sub-
ject the offenders to arrest, and imprisonment
on the order of* this House. Where is the grant
of any such power? If it exist, what may
become of the liberty of discussion and of the
press? It becomes a most precarious boon,
held and exercised at the mercy of Congress.
What day has passed in this country since this
session began in which thousands of assaults
have not been made by millions of people and
by nearly all the press, of both parties, upon
the " reputation and character" of more or less
of the members of this House, many times upon
all, charging memberswith interested and self-
ish motives for official conduct, with dishon-
esty or corruption, many times with guilt of
specific offenses, or violations of duty, or base
personal habits and practices? Yet these
things have not been punished, and never will
be, and any attempt of that kind would bring
this House to a speedy appreciation of the fact
that it is not omnipotent, that its members are
not invested with any sacred character, or ele-
vated above the free criticism or jnst condem-
nation of the people. But Patrick Woods, the
prisoner at the bar, is a poor Irishman, and it
maybe safe to oppress him, or exercise against
him a power that is usurped.
I will proceed at once to inquire what is the
power of the House in this particular case.
And I will first remark that this House is not
a criminal court; it is not a police court; it is
not a court for the trial of ordinary criminal
cases, or violations of the ordinary criminal
laws of the country. That the prisoner at the
bar has committed a crime against the laws of
the Commonwealth of Virginia admits of no
doubt. That he is punishable under its laws
is equally clear. That the jurisdiction of the
courts of the State of Virginia over him and
his offense is perfect and complete is equally
clear. But I want this House to remember
that over that offense, committed against the
laws of Virginia, it possesses not one scintilla •
of power to try or punish.
■ Mr. DAVIS. No one claims that it has.
Mr. KERR. What this House may punish
is some offense committed against itself. Now,
what offense has been committed against this
House? It must be something which, under
the Constitution, from its express language
or by just and fair implication, we as a House
have power to punish. To be anything of that
kind it must involve a violation of the priv-
ileges of one or more members of this House,
or of the order and dignity of the House itself.
It will not be pretended that the act of this de-
fendant involves any violation of the order or
dignity of this House. Hi3 offense was not
committed in the presence of this House ; it
was not committed within the bar of this
House ; it was not committed anywhere that
would bring it within the clear, direct, imme-
diate jurisdiction of the House for punishment
as for contempt against this body. In other
words, I contend that this offense does not,
upon the facts and the law of the case, fall
within the doctrine of self-defense. Under
that claim of power, finding its warrant in the
principle of self-defense, it is not competent
for this House to ransack the country in search
of quarrels or pretext for the arrest of citizens
and their trial at its bar or by its committees
for contempt. The original right of self-pro-
tection enjoyed by this body is in its extent,
object, and principle not unlike that enjoyed
by the individual citizen. It is a right to pro-
tect itself against disorder, insult, or out-
rage when it is invaded, when unlawfully ap-
proached, interfered with, or prevented from
performing its proper functions. But the right
is a right which inheres in the body where and
wh§n it is in session, and at no other place.
The right of self-protection is one that belongs
to the body of Congress as it does to the courts
of justice of the country. A court of justice
cannot send its bailiffs all over the country
hunting up quarrels that it may punish as
offenses against its own dignity. The self-
protection with which this body is invested is
a right which it has to protect its daily sessions
from invasion, disorder, or confusion, and its
members while attending its sittings from as-
saults and wrongs which would disable them
to discharge their official duties.
Now, if Patrick Woods, two hundred miles
from here, having no care about Congress;
if you please, not, knowing that there was any
such body on earth, not knowing whether Con-
gress was or was not in session, committed a
