1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1487
in the negative—yeas 69, nays 99, not voting
50; as follows :
YEAS —Messrs. Archer, Arnell. Aver, Beaman,
Beattv, Bird, Buck, Burr, Roderick R. Butler, Cake,
Calkin. Cleveland, 0'>x, Crebs, Dickinson, Dockery,
Dm. Duval, Dver. Eldridge, Getz, Golladay, Gris-
wol'J, ilnislit, llaldeman, ilamill, Hamilton, llay,
lleili'n, Holmnn, Jenekcs, Johnson, Thomas L.
Jones, Judd, Kerr, Knott, Lash, Mayhnm, McCor-
mick. McKenzic, McNeely, Samuel P. Morrill,
Muiigen, Myers. Nitlack, Oitli, Randall, Reading,
Reeves, Rice, Rogers, Scol'ield. Lionel A. Sheldon,
Sherrod, Stiles. Stokes, Swann. Ta£fe, Tillman, Trim-
tile, Van Trump, Voorhees, Ward, Wells, Whitte-
iaore, Eugene M. Wilson, Winans. Wood, and Wood-
ward—(39.
5,'AYS —Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames. Arm-
strong, Axtell. Banks, Barnum, Benjamin, Benton,
liinghaui, Blair, Boles, Boyd, George M. Brooks,
Buckley, Buffinton, Burchard, Burdett, Benjamin
i\ Butler, Cessna, Churchill, Clarke, Coburn, Cook,
Conser.Cowles, Cullom, Davis, Dawes, Dickey. Don-
ley, Farnsworth.Ferriss, Ferry, Finkelnburg, Fisher,
Fitch, Gilfillan, Hale, Hawkins, Hawley, Hays,
Heaton, Hill, Hoar, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Ingersoll,
Alexander II. Jones Julian, Kelley, Kellogg, Kel-
sey, lvetcham, Knapp, Laflin, Lawrence, Maynard,
McCarthy, McCrary, McGrew, liliakim H. Moore,
Jesse II. Moore, William Moore, Daniel J. Morrell,
O'Neill, Packard. Packer, Paine, Peters, Phelps,
Piatt, Pomerov, Prosser, Roots, Sargent, Sawyer,
Selienck, Shanks, John A.Smith, William J.Smith,
Worthington C. Smith, William Smyth, Stark-
weather, Stevens, Stevenson, Stougliton, Strader,
Tanner, Townsend, Twichell, Tyner, Upson, Van
Wyck, Cadwalader C. Washburn, William B. Wash-
burn, Welker, Willard, and Williams—99.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Adams, Asper, Bailey,
Beck,Bennett,Biggs,Booker, Bowen, JamesBrooks,
Amasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb, Covode, Deweese,
Dixon, Ela, Fox, Gariield, Gibson. Hambleton,
Hoge, Logan, Loughridge, Lyncli. Marshall, Mer-
cur. Milnes, Morgan, Mornssey, Negley. Palmer,
Poland, Porter, Potter, llidgway, Sant'ord, Schu-
maker, Porter Sheldon, Sloeum, Joseph S. Smith,
Stone, Strickland, Stro.ng, Sweeney, Van Auken,
Van Horn, Wheeler, Wilkinson. John T. Wilson.
Winchester, and Witcher—50.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. Dawes's motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Before the House goes
into Committee of the Whole on the appropri-
ation bill the Committee on Enrolled Bills will
submit a report.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled a bill and joint reso-
lutions of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
A joint resolution (H. II. No. 133) for the
refunding of hospital money collected of the
whaling bark Hamilton ;
An act (11. It. No. 1204) making an appro-
priation to defray the expenses of witnesses in
the investigation by the Military Committee in
reference to the sale of cadetships ; and
A joint resolution (H. li. No. 34) to sell or
exchange the site of custom-house in the city
of Nashville, Tennessee, that a more suitable
location may be obtained.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will also lay
before the House certain executive communi-
cations.
message from the president.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following message from the President:
To the House of Representatives :
I transmit to the House of Representatives, in
answer to their resolution of the 7th instant, a report
from the Secretary of State, with accompanying
documents.
U. S. GRANT.
Washington, February 21, 1370.
The message and accompanying documents
were referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
meteorological observations.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of War. in compli-
ance with a request from the Committee on
Appropriations, transmitting estimates of the
amounts required to carry into execution the
provisions of a recent act authorizing the Sec-
retary of War to provide for taking meteorolo-
gical observations, &c. ; which was referred to
the Committee on Appropriations, and ordered
to be printed.
district oi' columbia.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of the Treasury, in ;
answer to the resolution of the House of Feb-
ruary 11, 1870, transmitting a statement con- 1
taining all expenditures from the national (i
Treasury for public and private purposes for
the District of Columbia, from the time the
city government was located at Washington
until the 31st of December, 1809 ; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Expend- !
itures, and ordered to be printed. !
indian tribes. '
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the acting Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs, in answer to the resolution of the
House of February 2, 1870, in relation to the
number of Indians in each of the various tribes
named in the book of estimates furnished Con- J
gress ; which was referred to the Committee on i
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
political disabilities in virginia.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Governor of the State of Vir-
ginia, transmitting a joint resolution of the
General Assembly of Virginia, urging Con-
gress, without delay, to remove political dis-
abilities from citizens of the State of Virginia:
which was referred to the Committee on Recon- !
struction, and ordered to be printed.
! ninth census.
I The SPEAKER also laid before the House ,
j a letter from the Secretary of the Interior,
j transmitting a copy of a communication from
: the Superintendent of the Census, submitting
j a draft of an act amendatory of an act entitled
| "An act providing for the taking of the seventh
I and subsequent censuses of the United States,
j and to fix the number of the members of the ,
j House of Representatives;" which wag re-
1 ferred to the select Committee on the Ninth ,
j Census, and ordered to be printed.
i unexpended balances.
' The SPEAKER also laid before the House ij
a letter from the Secretary of the Treasury, in |
answer to a resolution of the House of February !
12, 1870, transmitting a statement of the bal-
| ances unexpended on the 30th of June, 18S9 ;
showing also the amounts estimated as neces- !,
sary to complete the services of the current
fiscal year, and the amount which may be \
applied in aid of the service of the next fiscal [•.
year; which was referred to the Committee on ;;
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed. ;
rio hondo claims.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of the Interior,
transmitting a copy of a report on the Rio
Hondo claims, Louisiana; which was referred
to the Committee on Private Land Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
plymouth harbor, massachusetts. |
TheSPEAKERalso,byunanimous consent, j
laid before the House a letter from the Secre- !
tary of the Treasury, in answer to the resolution j
of the House of the 17th instant, in relation to
the establishment of alight on the pier at the !
mouth of the harbor of Plymouth, Duxbury, 1
and Kingston, in the State of Massachusetts; i
which was referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
barnes vs. adams.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
j papers in the contested-election case of Barnes ;
j rs. Adams, from Kentucky; which were referred
to the Committee of Elections.
withdrawal of papers.
On motion of Mr. BENNETT, by unani- :
mous consent, leave was granted for the with-
drawal from the files of the House of the papers
in the case of the loss of the tug Winslow.
On motion of Mr. STRADER, by unani-
mous consent, leave was granted for the with-
drawal from the files of the House of the papers
in the case of David Hicks.
leave of absence.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was
granted to Mr. Lynch for two weeks, and to
Mr. Porter and Mr. Van Avkex for ten days.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
The House then resolved itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Cessna in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the special order, being the
bill (H. R. No. 974) making appropriations for
the legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending thp
80th of June, 1871.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the pending
question was on the motion of the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Arnell,] to insert after
line seven hundred and two, on page 29 of the
bill, the following:
Bureau of Education:
For Commissioner of Education, $3,000; one clerk,
at SI,800; one clerk.at $1,600; one clerk, at $1,400;
one messenger, at $840; stationery, $600; library,
$1,000; collecting statistics and writing and compil-
ing matter for annual and special reports. $J,000;
exchange of documents at homo and abroad, §500;
contingencies, $1,260; in all, $15,000.
Mr. ARNELL. Mr. Chairman, the amend-
inentnow pending is recommended by a major-
ity of the Committee on Education and Labor.
In order to do justicein this matter the commit-
tee investigated the subject. The Commissioner
of Education was of the opinion that $20,000
should be appropriated lor these purposes.
The committee, however, thought proper to
recommend an appropriation of $15,000 only,
the amount named in this amendment. So
much in regard to the amount of the appro-
priation.
I desire now to offer a reason or two for this
appropriation and for the continuance of the
bureau. To leave this bureau unprovided for
by an appropriation is virtually to abolish it.
To do this, in my judgment, would be a calam-
ity so far-reaching and disastrous in its conse-
quences as to be beyond estimation. I think
that this appropriation should be continued,
in the first place, for the general reason that
government should rest upon a basis of intel-
ligence and not of ignorance, and to bring this
about supervision of some sort over educa-
tional interests is absolutely necessary.
I shall not in the five minutes allotted tome
endeavor to argue this general proposition,
because, in my opinion, it is a self-evident
proposition ; but I simply desire to say that
the cause of education must be the cause of
the Government, and that the legislators of
of a grear, nation in looking to the interests
of the nation should not forget that our legis-
lation should have respect to the future as well
as to the present. What I desire to press espe-
cially upon the attention of this committee is
the existing state of things at the South, mak-
ing this appropriation necessary. Sir, it is
almost wholly without educational facilities or
educational organizations. Now, for the first
time in its history, free education for all is
beginning to make its way, and slowlybutsurely
it is making progress from the Alleghanies
even to the waters of the Gulf.
I desire to show to the committee by a state-
ment which I hold in ray hand the actual con-
dition of things educationally at the South.
According to the census of 1860 the number
of free persons over the age of twenty unable
to read and write in the State of Alabama was
thirty-eight- thousand out of a population of
five hundred and twenty-eight thousand, and
to this is to be added the colored popula-
tion, all ignorant, of four hundred and thirty-
five thousand. In the State of Arkansas
the number of free persons over the age of
twenty years unable to read and write was
twenty-three thousand out of a population of
three hundred and twenty-four thousand. In
the State of Tennessee the number was seventy-
two thousand out of a population of one mil-
