1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4319
there was no evidence before his Committee of in-
vestigation directly or indirectly implicating Mr.
Fitcii.
General Butler said this wasnothisexact meaning,
but that Mr. Pitch's name appeared in the affidavit
of Mr. N. B. Taylor as having been approached, and
that a copy of this affidavit was among the papers
before his investigating committee; but that he did
not consider this as directly implicating Mr. Fitcii,
as it did not appear that ho had in any way re-
sponded to the approaches alluded to by Mr. Taylor.
In reply to aquestion bymeGeneralButler further
said that the names of all the members mentioned
in my dispatch appeared in the affidavit ot Mr. Tay-
lor as having been approached by him to secure
their aid for the Cuban cause.
AV. SCOTT SMITH,
Correspondent of New York Evening Post.
The SPEAKER. Has the gentleman at the
bar anything further to state ?
Mr. Smith, (the correspondent at the bar.) I
have not.
The SPEAKER. He will wait the action
of the House.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to make an in-
quiry of the gentleman at the bar of the House,
his answer to which will perhaps influence my
vote in regard to this matter, and I wish to put
the inquiry through the Speaker. The corre-
spondent at the bar speaks of an affidavit of
N. B. Taylor, and also speaks of deriving his
information from official documents, leaving
the impression, at least on my mind, that he
must have received those papers from the com-
mittee or some member of the committee. I
desire to know from him whether this affidavit
of N. B. Taylor was in his hands and posses-
sion, whether it is the official document to
which he refers, and from whom he received it?
The SPEAKER. The customary proceed-
ing in this case is, when a gentleman desires
to have a specific question addressed to a wit-
ness, that the House shall determine by unan-
imous consent whether the question shall be
P Mr. COX. I offer the following resolution :
Resolved, That all proceedings in the case of Mr.
W. Scott Smith pending be suspended, and the party
be, and he is hereby, discharged.
Mr. FITCH. I would like to have the priv-
ilege accorded to me of asking the witness a
question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin has propounded a question which he
desires the Chair to submit; to the House. I he
question should be in writing.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire the reporter for
the Globe to write out my question.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Cox] waive his resolution for
the purpose of allowing the question of the
gentleman from Wisconsin to be offered?
Mr. FARNSWORTII. Before the gentle-
man from New York answers the question
addressed to him by the Chair, I desire to
make a suggestion. As an investigation at
the bar is likely to occupy a good deal 01 time,
when questions may be asked by any member
of the House who chooses, and as the mat-
ter seems to resolve itself into a question ot
veracity, I would suggest that it be referred to
a select committee of five members, who shall
take all necessary testimony on the subject, i
am prepared to make a motion to that effect.
Mr. FiTCH. If the House will allow me,
I will ask the party at the bar a question. He
has spoken of official documents. W hat official
documents are they ?
Mr. STILES. Is this in order I
The SPEAKER. It is not in order until
the House determines that the question shall
^r.'STILES. I object. This party is with-
- out counsel and without advice.
; The SPEAKER. The Chair will not submit
; any questions verbally. They must be reduced
j to writing. ,
> Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the reporter read
' the inauiry which I made ?
« The SPEAKER. The resolution of the gen-
| tleman from New York [Mr. Cox] is m order,
t and is first in order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I will withdraw my ques-
tion.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is my motion enter-
tained?
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gen-
tleman from Illinois would not take precedenco
of the motion of the gentleman from New York.
Mr. FITCH. I ask unanimous consent of
the House to submit a question to the person
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ne-
vada asks leave of the House that the question
which the Clerk will read may be addressed to
the gentleman at the bar.
The Clerk read as follows:
What official documents do you refer to ? By whom
were they exhibited to you, and where and what is
their character?
Mr. STILES. 1 object.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Oh, no.
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
House that that question shall be submitted to
the gentleman at the bar?
Mr. FARNSWORTU. That is debatable, I
suppose.
The SPEAKER. It is not debatable.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If we arc to vote
upon it any one may call the yeas and nays.
Other gentlemen will desire to propound other
questions, and we may occupy a week over a
very few questions, and it seems to me that
some questions may be asked which are not
proper to be put or answered here in this
assembly. It seems to me that it would be
much better to send the matter to a select com-
mittee to make an investigation before putting
any interrogatories at all.
The SPEAKER. No question can be pro-
pounded to the respondent at the bar except by
unanimous consent, and hence no delay can
ensue such as that indicated by the gentleman
from Illinois. .
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to make a personal explanation for a moment.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farns-
wortii] says that this is a question of veracity
between me and the person at the bar. 1 desire
to call the attention of the House to the fact
that there is no difference in the manner of
statement, as the person at the bar now puts
the facts that I did state to him. He now says
that certain names were mentioned in a certain
affidavit. I have never said to the contrary,
and do not mean to say so.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. I do not propose to
discuss that question at all.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would inquire of the
gentleman from Massachusetts if he ever told
this party that the affidavit of N. B. I ay lor
was in evidence?
Mr. BOTLER, of Massachusetts. I never
gave the affidavit of Mr. Taylor to the person
at the bar.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Eldridce] and the gentleman from
Nevada [Mr. Fitch] ask consent to put ques-
tions to the gentleman at the bar.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I withdraw my question.
I am satisfied with the question of the gentle-
man from Nevada. .
The SPEAKER. Then the question is, Will
the House give consent that the question of
the gentleman from Nevada, which has been
read, shall be propounded to the party at the
bar?
The question was again read.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection? The
Chair hears none.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I rise to ask
the Chair to inform the party at the bar that
he has a right to take time to make his answer
in writing if he chooses. , .
The SPEAKER. That, of course, is his
right. He can respond verbally or in writing.
Mr. Smith, (at the bar.) I would like a few
minutes to reduce my response to writing.
No objection was made; and leave was
accordingly granted.
After the lapse of some minutes,
Mr. Smith (at the bar) said: I submit my
answer in writing.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let the ques-
tions be also read. ;
The Clerk read the interrogatories, asfollows:
What o fficial documents do you refer to ? By whom
were they exhibited to you, and where? And what
is their character ?"
The Clerk read the answers, as follows:
To the first interrogation, I would state that the
official documents alluded to were the sworn affida-
vits of N. B. Taylor and others before the grand jury
of the District of Columbia.
To the second interrogation,! would say that these
documents were shown to mo confidentially, and
that it would bo a violation of good faith to make
public the source from which these documents were
obtained.
Mr. FITCH. That answer is not satisfac-
tory ; it is evasive. This person, now at the
bar of the House, proposes to purge himself
from contempt by saying that it would not be
good faith in him to disclose where he obtained
his information. I move that he be compelled
to answer where he received it, and to beheld
in contempt of the House until he has answered.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York, porrespond-
ents have certain privileges^ privileges which
are accorded to lawyers; privileges which are
accorded to ministers of the Gospel; and they
are of a privileged class, like physicians, hav-
ing certainly no right to iibel others. Now, it
is not just on the part of this House toward
the profession of newspaper correspondents to
compel them to disclose the sources of their
information. Nor is it a matter of public pol-
icy that we should do so. While it is of the
greatest importance to the country to know all
that is going on within these public Halls, within
the bounds of truth, it will be impossible to
obtain that information if they are to be com-
pelled, at the bar of the House, to always dis-
close their sources of information. In that
respect they ought to be privileged, as the
clergyman, the lawyer, and the physician are
also privileged. I hope, therefore, that the
proposition of the gentleman from Nevada
'[Mr. Fitch] will not prevail.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not agree with the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. BuooKS^with
reference to the privileges of anybody. There
is no such thing in law as privilege being ac-
corded to any man to malign another. And
there is no way by which a man can defend
himself when his reputation is defamed except
by the right to have given to him the names
of those who may malign him or do him an
injury. There is no court where a witness
may be put upon the stand and allowed to
excuse himself from a malignant attack upon
another by saying that he cannot in good faith
disclose the name of the man from whom he
professes to have obtained his information.
Now, if one man slanders another, he should
be held liable for it; and this witness, in order
to exculpate himself from being liable, lsbound
to disclose the authority from whence he ob-
tained his information. Suppose that a mem-
ber of Congress should be slandered.through a
public newspaper; that member of Congress
has a right of action against the party for ma-
ligning his reputation. Now, suppose a cor-
respondent doing that should be a worthless
man, not worth a penny, and the man who
communicated the slanderous matter to him
might be a wealthy man, against whom an
action wouldlie and damages might be obtained
from him, could you not destroy the reputa-
tion of any man by using vehicles of that kind
through which to malign him and destroy hij
character, the man of wealth shirking beninq
the correspondent, in order to gratify his Vin-
dictive spite and spleen against the mdivi u
assailed. According to the principle;announced
by the gentleman from New York, I Mr.
Brooks,] a man can exculpate binwelf ivom
maligning or slandering another
refusing to give the authonty for the state
ments he has made.
