1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2481
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 104, nays 55, notvoting
Go, as follows:
YEAR — Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Arnell, Asner,
ill, W. T. Clark, Clinton L. Cobb, Cobarn, Cook,
Conger, (Jowlc, Cullom, Dawes. Degcnor  Dixon,
Dock cry, Donley, Duval, Dyer, Bla, Ferris, Fcny,
Finkolnburg, Fisher. Garfield, IIalr\ Hamilton, llar-
i K flays, iieaton, Hoar, llogc, Hooper, Ingersoll,
Jonckes, Alexander II. Jones. Julian, Kelley, Kel-
ley, Knapp, Lash, Lynch, McCarthy, MeCrarv, Me-
Grew, McKeiizie. Mercur. Jesse II. Moore, William
Moore, Daniel J. Morreil, Negley, O'Neill, Orth,
Puckuid, Palmer, Perec, Phelps, Piatt, Poland,
Pomeroy, Porter, Prosper, Roots, Sanford, Sargent,
SHienck, Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, John A. Smith,
William J.Smith, William Smyth, Stevens,Steven-
son, Stoke?, Siou^liton, Strickland, Strong, Tanner,
Twielieli. Tyner, Opson. Van Horn,Van Wyck, Wil-
liam D. Washburn, Wclker, "Wheeler, Willard, Wil-
liams, and John T. Wilson—104.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Boaman,
Deck, Biggs, Bird, James Brooks, Burchard, Burr,
Calkm. Cleveland, Conner, Cox, Crcbs, Dickinson,
D->x, Eldridirc, Get?/, Gibson, Griswold, Haldcman,
Ilambleton, Hay, llolman, Jurld, Kerr, Knott. Law-
Trump, Voorhees, Weils, Eugene M. "Wilson, Wi-
nans, Wood, nnd Woodward—55.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Armstrong, Ayer,
Bailey. Barnuia, Benjamin, Bingham. Bowcn, Bur-
dett, Roderick 11. Bulier, Cake, Sidney Clarke,
Amasa Cobb, Covode, Davis. Dickey, Farnsworth,
Fitch, Fox, Gilfillan, Uaight, ilamill, Hawkins,
Hawley, lleflin, HiH, Hot-chkiss. Johnson, Thomas
L. Jone:', Kellogg, Ketchum, Lailin, Logan, Lough-
riduo, Maynard, McKoo. Miinos, Morphis, Samuel
P. Morrill. Morrissey, Myers, Packer, Peters, Ran-
dall, Heading, Beeves, Ridgway, Rogers, Sawyer,
Sehumakor, Porter Sheldon, Sioeum, Worthington
C. Smith, Starkweather, Strader, Tillman, Towns-
end, Trimble, Van Auken, Ward, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, Whitmoie, "Wilkinson, Winchester, and
Witchor—Go.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. ARNELL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. McNEELY. I move to amend the title
lo as to make it correspond with the body of
the bill, by striking out the word " discontinu-
ing" and inserting the word u perpetuating
so that it will read: "A bill amendatory of
an act establishing the Office of Education,
perpetuating the Freedmen's Bureau, and for
other purposes." And on. that motion I call
for the yeas and nays.
On ordering the yeas and nays, there were,
on a division—ayes 28, noes 115 ; not one fiflh
voting affirmatively.
Mr. McNEELY. I ask tellers on ordering
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and the Speaker ap-
pointed Mr. McNeely and Mr. Scofield.
The House divided, and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 39, noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and was decided in
the negative—yeas 45, nays 119, not voting 00;
as follows:
YFAS—Messrs. Adams, Archcr, Bock,Biggs. Bird,
James Brooks, Burr, Calkin, Cleveland, Conner,
Crebs, Dickinson, Dox, Fldridge. Getz, Gibson, Gris-
wold, Haldcman, Ilambleton, Holman, Johnson,
Kerr, Knott, Marshall, Mayham, McCormiek, Me-
Noely. Morgan, Mungen, Niblack, Potter, Randall,
llice, Sherrod, Joseph S.Smith, Stiles, Stone, Swann,
Sweeney. Van Trump, Voorhees, Wells, Eugene M.
Wilson, Wood, and Woodward—-15.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Arnell,
Asper, Atwood, Beaman, Beatty, Bennett, Benton,
Blair, Boles, Booker,Boyd,GcorgeM.Brooks. Buck,
Buckley, Buffinton, Burchard, Burdott.Cake, Cessna,
Churchill, W. T. Clark, Sidney Clarke, Clinton L.
Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Conger, Cowles, Cullom, Dawes,
Degener, Dickey, Dixon, Dockery, Donley, Duval,
Dyer, Bla, Ferris*. Ferry, Fmkelnburg, Fisher, Gar-
field, Hamilton, Harris, JIawley, Hay, Hays, Iiea-
ton, Hill, Hoar, lloge. Hooper, IngersoH, Jenckcs,
Alexander II. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kcllcy, Kelsey,
J. Morreil, O'Neill, Orth, Packard, Paine, Palmer,
Perce. Phelps, Piatt, Poland, Pomcroy, Prosscr,
Root?, Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield,
Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, John A.Smith, William
J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith, SteveDS, Stevenson,
Stokes,Stoughton, Strickland. Strong.Taffe,Tanner,
Twichell, Tyner, Upson, Van Horn, Van Wyck, Ward,
William B. Washburn. Welker, Whitmore, Willard.
Williams. John T. Wilson, and Winans—119.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Armstrong, Axtell, Ayer,
Bailey,Banks, Barnum. Benjamin, Bingham, Bowen,
Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Amasa
Cobb, Covode, Cox, Davis, Farnsworth, Fitch, Fox,
Gilfillan, liaight, Hale. Ilamill, Hawkins, lleflin,
Hotchkiss, ThomasL. Jones. Kellogg, Lafiin. Logan,
Loughridge, Maynard, McKee, Milnes, Morphis,
Samuel P. Morrill,Morrissey, Myers, Negley,Packer,
Peters, Porter, Heading, Reeves, Ridgway, Rogers,
Schumaker, Porter Sheldon, Sloeiun, William Smyth,
Starkweather, Strader. Tillman, Townsend, Trimble,
Van Aukcn. Cadwalader C. Washburn, Wheeler,
Wilkinson, Winchester, and Witchor—CO.
So the House*efused to amend the title.
oudeii 01? business.
The call having reached the Committee on
Kevision of the Laws of the United States,
Mr. POLAND. How much of the morning
remains?
The SPEAKER. Thirteen minutes.
Mr. POLAND. I ask unanimous consent
thai this be not counted as the hour to which
the commiUee is entitled.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
Mr. POLAND. 1 yield to my colleague
on the committee from Massachusetts, FMr.
Hoau.J
patijntd and copyrights.
Mr. TIOAR, from the Committee on Provis-
ion of the Laws of the United States, reported
back the statutes relating to patents and copy-
lights as revised7 simplified, arranged, and con-
solidated by the commission appointed for time
purpose, from the various acts of Congress
now in force in whole or in part, and moved
that they be referred to the Committee on
Patents.
The motion was agreed to.
cllan'ue of iiefkru.nch.
Mr. POLAND, from the same committee,
reported back the bill (E. R. No. 286) in rela-
tion to trust funds ; and moved that the same
be referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
The motion was agreed to.
adyeksh kerouts.
Mr. POLAND also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back, with the recommendation
that it do not pass, the bill (II. K. No. 1183)
to amend an act entitled u An act to establish
a uniform system of bankruptcy throughout
the United States," approved March 2, 1807 ;
and the same was laid on the table.
Mr. POLAND also, from the same commit-
tee, reported adversely on the joint resolution
(II. 11. No. 1GG) defining the meaning of sec-
tion fourteen, chapter two hundred, of the Laws
of 1802 ; and the same was laid on the table.
construction of tiouniw af-'iv.
Mr. POLAND also, from the same commit-
tee. reported back the bill (H. R. No. 1350)
construing several acts of Congress granting
bounty money to soldiers and their heirs en-
gaged in suppressing the late rebellion; and
the same was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
pension law3.
Mr. POLAND also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back the bill (II. 11. No. 1586)
to amend certain acts in ie ard to pensions j
and the same was referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
i,YO.\s .\>;o
Mr. POLAND al*o, from the same commit-
tee. reported adversely on the petition of Lyons
and Finney, and thirty-eight others, citizens of
Oswego, New York, for the passage of an act
for the relief of ship-builders and material-
men j and moved that the same be laid on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POLAND. The committee submit a
brief -written report on the subject-matter of
tne petition. I ask that it be printed in the
Globe.
Ihere was no objection; and it was so
ordered.
The report is as follows:
The Committee on Revision of the Laws of the
United States, to whom was referred the petition of
Lyons and Finney, and others, praying for the pas-
sage of a bill accompanying &aid petition, have con*-
sidcred the same, and respectfully report thereon
as follows:
The bill for the passage of which the petitioners
pray in substance extends ihe admiralty jurisdiction
of the district courts of the United States over vessels
engaged in the coasting tradeand upon interior nav-
igable waters, and to all contracts for repairs and
.supplies to such vessels, to the same extent that
tlicy have jurisdiction over sea-going vessels and
similar contracts for i heir benefit.
Prior to the decision of the Genesee Chief case by
the Supreme Court in 1851 (12 Howard, 443) it had
uniformly been held by that court that the admiralty
and maritime jurisdiction, reserved by the Constitu-
tion to the Federal courts, and by the judiciary act
of 1779 exclusively given to the district courts, was
restricted to waters affected by the tides of the sea.
While juch was the settled law of that court, Con-
gress by the act of 26th February, 1845, extended the
jurisdiction of the district courts to certain case's
upon the lakes and navigable waters connecting the
same; butthat act came far shortof giving them full
and complete admiralty jurisdiction.
The Supreme Court in the above-cited case reversed
the long line of previous decisions, and held that the
admiralty and maritime jurisdiction granted to the
Federal Government by the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States is not limited to tide-waters, but extends
to all public navigable lakes and rivers where com-
merce is carried on between different States or with
a foreign nation. This decision has been repeatedly
affirmed by tho court in several subsequent cases,
nnd has now abundant authority a* well as substan-
tial reason to rest upon.
It has been held in these cases that the act of lSlo
was wholly unnecessary and uselefs for the purpose
of conferring any jurisdiction upon the district courts,
and that if it has any force whatever it is only as a
limitation and embarrassment of tho otherwise gen-
eral jurisdiction of those courts over n.ll such waters.
The committee have therefore in another bill pro-
vided for tho repeal of the act of 1815, leaving the
courts to the full exercise of their jurisdictionunder
tho general and exclusive grant of it in the act of
1780.
The act these petitioners pray for is thereforo, in
the view of the committeo, unnecessary, and wouki
confer no greater powers upon the district courts
than they now possess.
Tho committeo therefore ask to bo discharged from
its further consideration.
AMENDMENT OK BANKRUPT LAW.
Mr, POLAND also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back, with an amendment in the
nature of a substitute, the bill (IT. It. No. 386)
entitled "An act to amend an act entitled 'An
act to establish a uniform system of bankruptcy
throughout the United States,' " approved
March 2, 1807.
The substitute was read. The first section
provides that the jurisdiction conferred upon
the supreme courts of the Territories by the
act to which this is in amendment may be ex-
ercised upon petitions regularly filed in that
court by either of the justices thereof while
holding the district court in the district in
which the petitioner or the alleged bankrupt
resides; and the said several supreme courts
bhall have the same supervisory jurisdiction
over all acts and decisions of each justice
thereof as is conferred upon the circuit courts
of the United States over proceedings in the
district couits of the United States by the
second section of said act. The second section
provides that in case of a vacancy in the office
of district judge in any district, or in case any
district judge shall from sickness or absence or
other disability be unable to act. the clerk of
the district court of such district shall be
authorized and empowered, by leave or order
of the circuit judge of the circuit within whicn
such district is included, to make during soch
disability or vacancy all necessary rules and
orders preparatory to the final hearing of all
cases in bankruptcy.
The substitute was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time j and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed. #
Mr. POLAND moved to reconsiderthe vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
