1810.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
471:
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Fifteenth Amendment—Mr. Qasserhj.
Senate.
officersunder State laws, judges of election and
of registration, canvassers, and returning offi-
cers, for instance, have official relations to the
State. What more, sir? You may say tliat
the State can act only through her agents,
that is, her officers ; and that under the amend-
ment you can deal with those agents. But you
can do this only so far as they can claim to be
the agents of the State. That is, only so far as,
being officers of the State, they act under or by
color of State laws, which " deny or abridge the
right to vote" under the fifteenth amendment,
but no further. If there is no such Slate law ;
if, as in Massachusetts, the law has been for a
long time in accord with the amendment; or if
it has been changed to conform to it, as in New
York, then it is not a case of a State acting
either by a law or by her officers under her law.
It is a case of a naked trespass by a private
wrong-doer, of his own mere motion.
His case is within the jurisdiction of his own
State, whose laws he has violated. To them
his correction belongs. To them the remedy
of the injured person must be left. Congress
has no authority in such a ease. It has noth-
ing to do with it. It had not before the fif-
teenth amendment and it has not since. The
amendment acts upon the Sta.te, or, if you will,
upon the agents and officers of the State acting
under Stato authority. It does not act at all
nor in any way on the case of a private person
committing a wrong out of his own head, not
only without any authority from the State but
in violation of its laws. To say of sue'na man's
offense tho,t it falls within the scope of an amend-
ment which provides that " the right of a citi-
zen to vote sl\all not be abridged or denied by
the United States or by any State," is an ab-
surdity in terms. If it is not, and if Congress
can legislate for every such wrong, then it fol-
lows that any ruffian inflamed with drink who
drives away a colored voter from the polls in
the city of New York presents a case of the
State of New York, despite all her laws in ac-
cord with the fifteenth amendment, "denying
the right of a citizen to vote on account of his
race or color," within the amendment.
Can the force of nonsense further go? Yet
if this is nonsense, as it clearly is, a great part
of the Senate bill is neither sense nor law; for
it deals with precisely such cases. An unlaw-
ful interference by any idle person with a voter
of African race, may or may not be on account
of his race. The State law does not aid you
to ascertain, for it is in the voter's favor. Like
any other trespass upon a personal right, it is
a matter for the State jurisdiction, civil or
criminal, or both, according to the facts. The
police of the polls and of the elections generally,
against private individuals violating the right
of colored men to vote, belongs to the States.
The fifteenth amendment has not given it to
Congress. It leaves it where it found it—in the
States.
No, sir; except perhaps in the single case of
a State officer acting under a State constitution
or law, Congress has acquired no right, under the
fifteenth amendment, to deal with individuals
who interfere with the right of voters of Afri-
can race. You must leave to the States the cor-
rection of all such eases. You cannot say that a
State will notdo its duty. The question isasto
your power to deal with the subject, anil not
as to the supposed shortcomings of the Stato.
But you have no more right to suppose such a
thing of a State than you have of the United
States. The States and the United Stales are
in precisely the same category by the amend-
ment. It says:
"The right, &c., to vote shall not bo denied by the
United States or by any State," &«.
Can the United States be trusted to provide
and enforce the proper remedies, civil and
criminal, against disorderly persons within
Federal jurisdiction who violate the right of
the citizen of African race to. vote? If the
United States can be, so can the States. No
particle of distinction is made between them
by the amendment. All this is ignored by the
Senate bill in its efforts to grasp a general juris-
diction over elections in the States, under a
claim of power to deal with every disorderly
person who may take it into his head to molest
a voter of African race.
Mr. CARPENTER. I should like to ask
my friend from California a question. I wish
to call his attention to the language of the
fourteenth amendment, aud ask him if, in his
opinion, that does not authorize the passage
of this Senate bill ? If he will read the first
three or four lines of that amendment he will
come to the clause to which I am calling his
attention.
Mr. CASSERLY. I supposed that the bill
of the Committee on the Judiciary and the
House bill were both of them bills to enforce
the fifteenth amendment. Now, one of the
most distinguished members of the Senate J udi-
ciary Committee asks me whether there is not
enough in the fourteenth amendment to jus-
tify tlie Senate bill? Why, sir, have we been
discussing the Senate bill under a total mis-
take as to its object, or is this a change of
front to meet the exigencies of the contest?
Certainly the Senate bill is not a bill to enforce
the fourteenth amendment; it is a bill to
enforce the fifteenth amendment. Even if it
were to enforce the fourteenth amendment, the
suggestion of the Senator from Wisconsin does
not help the matter. The first section of the
fourteenth amendment is as follows; and I ask
the attention of the Senator and the Senate to
its language:
"All persons born or naturalized in tho United
States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are
citizens of tho United States and of the State wherein
they reside. No State shall make or en force any laws
which shall abridge tho privileges or immunities of
citizens of tho United States; nor shall any State
deprive any person ol lite, liberty, or property, with-
outdue pioccss of la.w, nordeny to any person within
its jurisdiction tho equal protection of the laws."
The fourteenth amendment deals solely with
tho subject of citizenship and its rights, and
with personal rights. It has nothing to do
with the right to vote. In its mode of opera-
tion it differs in no respect from the fifteenth
amendment. 1 nke that, it deals with the States
as such:
"Ho Stato shall make or enforco any laws which
shall abridge the privileges, Ac., of citizens of tho
United States; nor shall any State deprive any per-
son oflifc, nor deny to any person, &c., tho equal
protection of its laws."
Compare with this the language of the fif-
teenth amendment:
"Tho right, &e., to voto shall not be denied or
abridged by tho United States or any State," &c.
Both amendments are the same in their
mode of operation. Both refer expressly to
States. Both in terms operate on States as
such. Both deal with the act of a State ; with
the constitution or law of a State ; and if you
will, for the sake of the argument, with an
officer of the State acting under color of a
State law or constitution against the prohibi-
tions of either amendment. Under neither
amendment has Congress even a color of
authority to go any further and deal with pri-
vate individuals violating either amendment
out of their own heads. Under the fourteenth
amendment it is extremely plain that the crim-
inal or illegal acts of a private person in a
State, in depriving another of his life by mur-
der, or of his liberty by false imprisonment,
or of his property by stealing it, all " without
due process of law," could never give to Con-
gress the right to interfere. Otherwise Con-
gress might take to itself, under pretense of
enforcing the fourteenth amendment, the entire
criminal and civil jurisdiction in the States of
offenses and trespasses against life, liberty, and
property by private persons acting without any
color of State authority.
All this is perfectly clear under the four-
teenth amendment; and as the language of the
two amendments as to the point in discussion
is identical in legal effect, it is equally clear as
to the fifteenth amendment.
The same construction, therefore, binds you
as to that amendment. Under pretense of
enforcing it you cannot, besides dealing with
States and the agents and officers of States,
legislate for the unlawful proceedings of indi-
viduals having no official character. You can-
not thus draw to yourselves, os in a great
degree you do in this bill, the entire jurisdic-
tion, civil and criminal, of offenses against the
right to vote of citizens of the African race, still
less of citizens of the white race.
I thank the Senator from Wisconsin for call-
ing my attention to the fourteenth amendment
and to the llood of light which it throws upon
our subject.
The comparison of the two amendments
makes my ground as to the fifteenth amend-
ment impregnable. It shows beyond any plausi-
ble or even rational doubt that the fifteenth
amendment operates in the manner and to the
extent I have stated, and not otherwise or fur-
ther. Primarily it operates on the United
Stales and on the States, and makes void any
law or constitution contrary to its provisions,
which are for tho protection of citizens of the
African race in their right to vote. If it oper-
ates on persons it is only on those who are
officers, and hence tho agents of the State. In
all other respects the subject of the suffrage
and the right to it is untouched by the amend-
ment, and remains as fully as before within the
exclusive jurisdiction of the States.
Let moremark, Senators, that when you were
framing these three amendments, the thir-
teenth, fourteenth, and fifteenth, and intended
to act upon the individual wrongdoer without
regard to the State or his relation to the State,
you know how to express that intention.
Thus, the thirteenth amendment is most gen-
eral in its terms:
"Xeithcr slavery nor involuntary servitude, ex-
cept as a punishment for crime whereof Tlie party
shall have been duly convicted, shall exi<t within
the United States or any place subject to their juris-
diction."
Under this language it might well be con-
tended not only that State constitutions and
laws to the contrary are void, but that Con-
gress may deal with individuals, official or pri-
vate, who violate the amendment.
So, also, in the fourteenth amendment, sec-
tion four:
"Tho validity of the public debt of tho United
States, authorized bylaw, including debts innuned
for payment of pensions and bounties for services in
suppressing insurrection n.nd rebellion, shall not be
questioned."
And, as if to make the distinction for which
I insist perfectly clear, the amendment in the
next sentence of the same section deals only
with the United States and the States, and con-
fines its operation to them or tlieir officers :
"But neither the United States nor any State shall
assume or pay any debt or obligation incurred in aid
of insurrection or rebellion against t he United States,
or any claim for the loss or emaneipa tion of any slave:
butall such debts, obligations, or claims shall beheld
illegal and void."
It is needless to pursue further the argument
as to the powers of Congress under the fifteenth
amendment, and as to what is "appropriate
legislation to enforce its provisions." I leave
this part of the subject with a single observa-
tion. That observation is as to the difference
between legislation by Congress to execute an
express power exclusive in itself, and legisla-
tion to enforce a limitation of a general power
exclusive in the States. In the former case
Congress may claim a liberal construction in
aid of its express exclusive power. In the
latter case the State has a right to restrict Con-
gress to the very terms oj* the prohibition. This
is especially true when the prohibition aflcccs
