THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
his pleasure, and while so engaged should be
set upon and injured in a pergonal quarrel or
even unprovoked difficulty on his part, and be
so disabled that.he oould not proceed home, I
say there is no violation of his privilege at all.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time has
expired.
Mr. KERR. X ask for two or three minutes
more.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will give the gentleman
five minutes more of my time.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, I wish to say
farther on this particular point, that the priv-
ilege is for the advantage of the people, and
not for a shield to the member; it is to enable
the member in good faith to perform his duties
freely, and without fear or interference. It is
not to enable him to perambulate about the
co-untry, with or without leave of absence, and
to protect him in doing so against all the acci-
dents, collisions, or misfortunes incident to
ordinary human intercourse. It_ is only to
protect him while he is actually doing his offi-
cial duties; and he is so engaged while he is
in good faith on his journey toward the ap-
pointed theater of his duties, or is in like man-
ner returning therefrom. In this case, Mr.
Porter had left his duty on the leave of the
House, to go'where he pleased, and during
that time he was, by his own act and request,
divested of the privilege until he should actu-
ally take up bis journey to return to and resume
his duty. This he had not done when assaulted
by Woods,
Patrick Woods lias committed a crime against
the lawBof Virginia. Out of that crime might
liavo arisen an offense against this House if it
hud been committed under other circumstances,
or in a different, place, or with some different
and well-defined and proven intent. But those
elements are absent from this offense. They
are absent from this record. There is, there-
fore, no foundation at all on which ho can be
punished by this House.
But, Mr. Speaker, if any citizen can be pun-
ished without proof of a criminal intent, what
security is left for the liberties of the people?
If this House may assume and declare its own
privileges, without control, warrant, or limita-
tion ; if it may do it, in the language of Mr.
Jefferson, on the spur of the occasion, conceal
the law in its own breast, and alter the fact
committed make its sentence both the law and
the judgment on that fact; if the offense is to
bo kept undefined, and to be declared only
esrenala, and according to the passions of
the moment, and there be no limitation either
in the maimer or measure of the punishment,
the condition of the citizen will be perilous
indeed. But if there be accorded to the offender
in these cases the same protection of legal
rules accorded to the meanest offender in all
the criminal tribunals of the land, then this
defendant is not guilty, is not punishable by
this House, would not be even if he had done
what he did in this city, instead of the city of
Richmond. He is entitled to this shield of the
law; this House is not above the law ; it is not
an arbitrary law unto itself.
1 have been diverted a good deal from the
line which I intended fo take, and I must now
endeavor to return to it. I do not intend to
deny the power of this House to punish for
contempt, or to punish for breaches of the
privileges of its members. I contend only that
in this record there is no proof thatmak'es out
this kind of an offense that is punishable by
this House at all. It does not even appear
that when Patrick Woods assaulted Porter
Porter was returning to this House. On the
contrary, it appears affirmatively that he was
not returning to this House, that he was walk-
ing about the streets of Richmond, doing just
what he pleased—not doing it as a member of
the House, but doing it solely as Mr. Pouter.
He had not entered upon his journey to return to
Washington, and I say that the privilege -which
is here set up did not avail him until he en-
tered upon that journey, until by a voluntary
act of his own he entitled himself to that priv-
ilege, and placed himself under the cover of it.
The evidence shows the contrary. It shows
that he was not returning; his leave of absence
even had not expired, several days of it re-
mained. But I do not make a point of that,
because it was competent for him to waive the
leave of absence and to return ; but, until by
his own act he commenced to return, the privi-
lege did not cover him, for it was not his duty
to be here. It was, therefore, on the part of
Mr. Woods, as against Mr. Porter, a mere
ordinary assault and beating, with or without
a cause, justifiable or unjustifiable. I say in
this particular case it was grossly unjustifiable,
but it involved none of the other elements that
can invoke the power of the House against this
man.
There is no case in our history that sustains
the claim of the majority in this report. The
case of Houston aud Stanbury, in 1832, which
was most fully and elaborately examined and
discussed by the House, is full of authority and
learning inconsistent with the claim in this
case. 1 know of no ruling that even by anal-
ogy furnishes any support to this claim.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it is contended that Mr.
Woods, if guilty at all and adjudged to be
guilty by this House, may be punished by im-
prisonment beyond the term of the present
session, and that the power of the House ex-
tends to his incarceration until the constitu-
tional period during which this House can
exist shall have elapsed. I wish to say in a
word that, in my judgment, that is an asser-
tion of power which is supremely unauthor-
ized and tyiannical. It finds no warrant in the
Constitution. It is an exercise of power which
has no parallel in the criminal jurisprudence
of our country or of any other civilized coun-
try. That is saying a great deal, Mr. Speaker,
but it is true. We sit here under delegated
power. We have none of the absolute aud
unlimited power of Parliament. We can ex-
ercise only such power as we are clothed with
by the supreme law of the land, and that does
not extend to such punishment. This usurp-
ation is directly condemned by the Supreme
Court, in Anderson against Dunn. The Court
on this point there si>y:
"Even to the duration of the imprisonment, !'■
period is imposed by the nature ol'tluu--;s; siuee the
existence of tin; power that itnpmons IS iruhspnns-
ablo to itsconfinuance; and although the legislative
power continued perpetual, tho legislative body
ceases to exist on the moment of its adjournment or
periodienl dissolution. It follows that imprisonment
must terminate with that adjournment."
That authority is clear and unambiguous ; it
is just and rational. Otherwise, if this defend-
ant is left in prison during the vacation of the
House, he is left absolutely without human aid.
No power can reach him for his relief. No
pardon can release him, no habeas corpus can
bring him forth, no intervening insanity or dis-
ease can bring him change. He has no appeal;
as to him, all the world is powerless for relief.
The House cannot aid him, for it is adjourned.
The courts are powerless, for tho jurisdiction
of the House is absolute and beyond appeal or
judicial review. This is tho reason of the rule
laid down by the Supreme Court. Then let
him be sent back to tho State of Virginia for
punishment. Thus the House can assert its
true dignity and vindicate the law.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 wish to inquire of the
Chair whether, if the House should now ad-
journ, this would come up to-morrow as unfin-
ished business ?
The SPEAKER. Yes; immediately after
the reading of the Journal.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then I move that the
House do now adjourn.
Pending the motion to adjourn,
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. BEAMAN, by unanimous consent, was
granted leave of absence on account of sick-
ness in his family during the remainder of the
session.
Mr. POMEROY, by unanimous consent,
was granted leave of absence *on account of
sickness until Tuesday next.
CHANGE OF REFERENCE,
On motion of Mr. BROOKS, of Massachu-
setts, by unanimous consent, it was ordered
that the papers in the ease of Charles Watson'
be taken from the Committee of Claims, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
ADJOURNMENT.
The question was pnt on the motion to
adjourn ; and it was agreed to.
And accordingly (at five o'clock and twenty
minutes p. m.) the House adjourned.
PETITIONS.
The following petitions were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittees :
By Mr. CLARK, of Texas : The petition of
Andrew J. Stevens, of Grimes county, Texas,
for removal of his political disabilities.
By Mr. DEGENER: A petition for the re-
moval of the disabilities of T. A. Durant, Bexar
county, Texas.
By Mr. MAYNARD : The petition of Mary
Williams, widow of William M. Williams, de-
ceased, late a private of company B, second
regiment Tennessee volunteer infantry, pray-
ing- that her husband's name may be restored
to the rolls of said company.
By Mr. RICE: The petition of David T.
Trumbo, late quartermaster twenty-fourth
Kentucky infantry United States volunteers.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
The following notice for leave to introduce
a bill was given under the rule:
By Mr. AYER : A bill to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to appoint deputy col-
lectors of customs at Onancock, Cone river,
and East river, in the State of Virginia.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, July 6, 1870.
TheSenatemetateleven o'clocka.m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. Newjiax, D. I>.
The Vice President resumed the chair.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of yesterday.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the further
reading of the Journal be dispensed with.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, this is a
very thin Senate. I ask my friend from Rhode
Island what business he proposes shall come
up next?
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish to bring up a bil/
which has passed the House, and which has
been amended in the House, I believe, to the
entire satisfaction of theSenate, in which some
of my constituents are deeply interested. It is
a bill to which I think there can be no objection,
except it may be by the Senator from Missouri,
[Mr. Dkake,] who I see is m his seat.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the reading of the Journal will be
dispensed with. It is dispensed with.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter from the Attorney General,
communicating, in compliance with a resolu-
tion of the Senate of the 17th ultimo, inform-
ation in relation to the practice of the Court
of Claims in the matter of remanding, for fur-
ther evidence or argument, eases submitted by
the parties to its consideration, and of ordering
new trials in cases decided by the court, with
any particulars tending to show whether fur-
ther legislation is necessary to secure the rights
of the United States in that respect; which was
referred to tho Committee on Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
PltEEUOM) LAND AND EMIGRATION COMPANY.
Mr. ANTHONY. Now I ask the Senate to
take up House bill No. 2863,
