1*88
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
Uoq eight hundred and twenty-four thousand,
and invirginia, eighty-six thousand out of a
population of one million, to which is to bo
added a colored population of one hundred
and ninety thousand.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I have not time to go
through this table presenting this matter in
detail. But I desire to state to the committee
that at the South there is a population of nine
million to be cared for educationally. I there-
fore urge upon the committee that they make
this small appropriation of $15,000aaproposed
in the amendment.
Mr. TOWNSEND. Now, Mr. Chairman, I
desire to say 
Mr. McNEELY. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. Tho gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Townsend] was first rec-
ognized.
Mr. McNEELY. I desire to make a remark.
Mr. TOWNSEND. If it does not come out
of my time.
Mr. McNEELY. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Arnell] haa referred to the Com-
mittee on Education and Labor. As I am a
member of that committee I desire to be heard
upon this subject.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Townsendj is entitled to
the floor for five minutes.
Mr. TOWNSEND. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the last word. As
one of the Committee on Education and Labor
I desire to enter my protest against the aboli-
tion of the Department of Education, either by
the side blow which is attempted here to strike
it down by this bill or by direct legislation for
that purpose. The Congress of the United
States has heretofore done little or nothing for
the great cause of national education. It has
left that duty to be attended to 'by a foreigner
and a stranger. The building across the canal
in this city is to-day an example of his munifi-
cence, and the publications which emanate from
it attest the wisdom and energy of those in whose
charge it is. In 1867 the Congress of theUnited
States established the Department of Education
and gave it a small appropriation of $10,000.
In the followingyear, fearful that it might have
done too much for the great cause of educa-
tion, it cut down the appropriation for the sup-
port of the Department and the force that is
used to run the Educational Department. Now,
if it was a matter of importance in 1867 it is a
matter of much more importance now, because
by the adoption of the fourteenth article of
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States four million people have been endowed
with the rights of citizens; and by the adoption
of the fifteenth amendment, which, by the grace
of God and the will of the people, is about to
be adopted, these people will be endowed not
only with civil but with political rights; they
will become citizens of the State as well as of
the nation.
Wherever a Sjtate cannot do its duty toward
these people by affording them educational
facilities, that duty ought to be supplemented
by the Congress of the United States. As citi-
zens of the State they will be required to per-
form various duties and to fill various offices.
It therefore becomes the duty of the State to
qualify them by education, by giving them
information, by teaching them how to perform
these duties, and the manner in which they
can best discharge their duty toward the State.
Now, if the State, because of poverty, or from
neglect or inattention, should fail to afford
these people these educational facilities, then,
I say, it becomes the duty of the United States
to provide education for them as citizens of the
United States, because as such citizens they
may be called upon to perform duties as as- J
sessorg, as collectors, as consuls or ministers I
abroad, as members of the Cabinet, perhaps;
I do not know in what capacity. But wherever
they may be found, it belongs to tho United
States, whenever it calls upon them to perform
duties, to see to it that they had been afforded
a proper opportunity to obtain these educa-
tional facilities.
Now, in regard to the South, we all know
that because of the institutions under which
they lived for a long time, the educational
facilities there were of a very limited charac-
ter. The farms were large, the school-houses
were few. But now, after these people have
been raised up from degradation into a state
of civil and political equality, it is right and
proper that they should have an opportunity to
know what are the duties which they are called
upon to perform. This can only be done by
the diffusion of information among the masses.
Now, how is that to be done? I do not call
upon the Congress of the United States to take
charge of the educational institutions of the
South; I do not call upon it to institute com-
mon schools there; but I do call upon it to
carry out the design of the original act, which
provided for the establishment of the Depart-
ment of Education, so that it shall afford to all
the people of the South who are anxious to
institute educational systems information as to
what is best for the South, which information
can best be collected by the Department of
Education.
[Here (he hammer fell.]
Mr. McNEELY. Mr. Chairman, I rise to
oppose the amendment of the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Arnell.] The confusion in
the Hall was so great at the time that gentle-
man addressed the committee that it was im-
possible for me to understand exactly what he
said; but I inferred from what I heard of his
remarks that he referred to some action on
the part of the Committee on Education and
Labor. That committee has considered this
question to some extent, and has come to the
conclusion that the office of education as at
present existing is of but little utility. The
$6,000whichhave heretofore been appropriated
for its support fail to furnish all that is neces-
sary to make that office what it was intended
to be; and hence we have come to the conclu •
sion that if the office is to be continued more
money ought to be expended upon it. For
my part, as one of the members of that com-
mittee, I am in favor of abolishing the office
entirely.
Let me say to the gentleman from Tennessee
that what he wants done in the South toward
the education of the people there cannot be
done by this Government through the agency
of this office of education as it now exists. It
will have to be reorganized entirely. I hope
there will be no appropriation made in this
bill for this office, but that this entire subject
will be passed over until we consider the gen-
eral subject of transferring the educational
departmentof the Freedmen's Bureau to a new
department w&ich it is proposed to organize.
I introduced a bill on yesterday to abolish this
office of education and the Freedmen's Bureau.
It provides for turning over to the Treasury
of the United States $604,000 now in the
hands of the Freedmen's Bureau, for educa-
tional purposes; it dismisses all its officers and
agents, ana ends this system of interfering with
the educational interests of the various States,
and leaves this whole subject in the hands of
the States, where it properly belongs.
Let me say further, that if this educational
departmentof the Freedmen's Bureau shall be
turned over to a new bureau to be erected, to
be called the bureau of education, more than
fifteen thousand dollars will be necessary to run
it. It now requires $35,000 to run the educa-
tional department of the Freedmen's Bureau
alone, even with the assistance of the superin-
tendents of public instruction in the various
States, who have volunteered their assistance
without pay, and the Army officers who are
paid out of funds belonging to the War Depart-
ment.
I hope this amendment will be voted down,
that no appropriation will now be made for this
purpose. When the general question shall
come up, when v.e shall have before us the
proposition to make this transfer and erect this
new bureau of education, the necessary appro-
priations can then be made ; unless we pass the
bill which I offered on yesterday, and which I
shall again offer as a substitute for any bill
providing for the continuance of the bureau of
education, when we undertake to educate the
people of the United States through the agency
of the Federal Government, $15,000 will be
but a small part of the whole expense of such
a work. I hope that we shall get rid of this
whole subject, so far as the action of the Fed-
eral Government is concerned.
I think, Mr. Chairman, that the various
States are now progressing as rapidly as possi-
ble in the perfection of their educational sys-
tems. There is no need for any cooperation
on the part of this Government in such mat-
ters. We have no constitutional power to do
such a thing. All reference to foreign Govern-
ments and their participation in the educational
concerns of their people should have no weight
with us in a Government like ours, where we
have States to exercise supervision over this
question themselves.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELSEY. Mr. Chairman, I desire to
perfect this matter which it is proposed to
insert; and I move to amend the amendment
of the gentleman from Tennessee by striking
out the words " for the exchange of documents
at home and abroad, $500." I make this motion
because I believe that this appropriation is
entirely unnecessary. We already have in this
city an institution through which all exchanges
with the various parts of this country and
Europe are nov^made. I allude to the Smith-
sonian Institution. The exchanges of the
Agricultural Department and all the other
Departments of this Government, except where
single copies are sent, are made through that
institution ; and the transportation from this
country to Europe is made without expense to
the party sending books for exchange. If it
is intended that this bureau of education shall
go into a series of publications for the purpose
of exchanging in this country or in Europe, that
is a branch of expenditure which it seems to
me may very well be omitted. It is true that
this amendment contains an appropriation of
$3,000 for the collection of statistics. That
it seems to me, is an item which may well be
omitted. We have several organizations which
are collecting statistics for different purposes.
As to the exchanges made through the Smith-
sonian Institution, they have their system estab-
lished already. They can do it cheaper and
better than any other organization. For that
reason, sir, I shall insist on a vote on the
amendment I have submitted.
Mr. ROGERS. Mr. Chairman, as a mem-
ber of the Committee on Education and Labor,
I desire to say one word on the pending amend-
ment. I know the wants of education down
there too well to oppose anything which tends
to educate and elevate the people of my own
section or the people throughout the entire
country. The question here is whether this
bureau of education does any good toward the
accomplishment of the object we all have in view.
After some three or four examinations by the
committee, my mind has become convinced
of the fact that it is a wasteful and needless
expenditure of the public money to keep this
bureau up any longer. I, therefore, am opposed
not only to the pending amendment, but to any
action whatever on the part of the House look-
ing to the education of the people of this coun-
try by the money of the Government. I was
taught to believe, whether right or wrong, that
this was a matter purely local; that the States
should be charged with that alone, and that the
General Government had no power to enter
upon duties of this kind. I learned that in my
younger days, and I adhere to it now as a sound
policy for us to pursue. As I have said, we
made an examination into this institution, and
I only wish to say I have made up my mind
