am
tot aim®.
May XI,
The petidiag paragraph; as amended, was
read, as follows i . ' ' .1'
On steel c r wheels, 3 osnts i&r pound. 1 !
The ponding amendment was one thovefl by
Mr. lKOEnsoLii, to add to the paragraph, as
amended, the following: •'
Prosified! That aftqr the 1st iaf rtf Jatiuafy, lSTl,
tho duty sh*ll,he2} cente pcr pound. i
The question was taken Upon thi airafiid- |
ment; and upon a division tfyere were—ayes
20., noes GO; no quorum voting,-. ,.
Mr. BROOKS, of NeV./Yocfe, . I callt for-:
tellers. Gentlemen! liaye .voted for a night;I
session, awl I insist that, we 3be,U h^ve.fy quo.-r
rum here to do bu^ipess. . , 'j
The CH AI ltM 4N. No qu6rurp having Voted,; I
tellers will be onler^cj,. ui.iuerthe rule, and the- ,
gentiemivn from Tennessee^JIr. jJAysard, and :
tli? gentleman lrora lninqis, i^r,, Ingersoll,
will act us tellers, , i i; •;
Tlie committee again dfolqedj Jipdthe telj^rs
reported that there vve're^aye's 0.1,.noes. Go.'^
So. the amendment wa^ not, agreed tfy .
M^STEVENS,, Ides'ire t9;movQ$  mff)d-
hm;p i. * hieh, I mwlcrstamlois. no? object ;t0.by:
the Committee of Way^apd M$an$.' >'i WQV,C'
to add tothe pfii di«gpafagw®h,",w4'9inff€'
l)loouu> fov ftwd iQCQtyot-ive Mrfis, ypllfip or
hammered tQ pirtterpj 2$. cents pw pQUOtt. ,
I do not propose to debate this amendment* ,
•Mr. ALLISON. There - is. np objqotipn
t0Mr. BROOKSy pf New York, Do I under-
stand thegentlt?tpan. to say that hifl^mend-
inent ha? tie approval of tie Cojamitt8«i.af
Ways and Mf&mf • " '
Mr, STEVENS... Sp'.rundlfijSqtatoiJ. ' i
! 'ilw ALLlhON.' Th<s,proposed amendment,
hj a reduction of the present irate of duty,
Mr. CESSiNA; 1 olfteot to debate.
. The CHAIRMAN. Debate has been.ex-
hausted upon the pending paragraph.
' The amendment moved by Mf. Stevbks was
then agreed to. — ■ • ■'
• Mr. COX. I movfe to arhend this.parac
graph by striking oat " 3 cents " and'insert-
ing "2 cents " as the rate of duty, for the
purpose of saying - i
Tbe CHAiitMAN. No debate is in order,
all debate upon the pending paragraph hating
terminated. -
Mr. CESSNA. And I: raise the point of
order that the word '* three" h^vitig been, in-
serted Jay n direct vote of the Comnuttea-Qf the
Whole, it is not now in order to move to Strikii
it'out. ' " 1 ' ( ' •
• The CHAIRMAN, The Chair sustains the
point of oidert •• i . •;-■ '• ' *' :
The Clerk read a* follows: ,. ' •, j
. Olivet f arriago, par, loco.motiv^, a$4
pf steel, 6.e«#is per poimd- '
• Mr. SCHENCK On behalf of the Commty.
tee of Ways and. Means.I .move .to amend tpis
paragraph by striking out- the words'' ©fatee^''1
as being tautological atxd itnftecess^|'y'.; ' • ,
The amendment was agreed to., " , .
Mr. SCHENbK. I have been instruci.ed1)y
the Committee'of Waysa Act- Means to move to
iptprt an additianftl paragraph- • .
Mr. ASPER. I desire to move aft atfSead,-:
meat tQ the pending paragraph, ' '
Mr. SCIIENCK..- Then ! will jield fqr the
present. ! ' ' ' ,
Mr. ASPBR. I tnove to am.eod the p$ d-
ipg paragraph by str-ikinfl out "0 eapts" qud
inserting in lieu thereof tne words "3 cents"
as the rate of duty per pound upon the arti-
olefl'UenUoned iivthis paragraph. 51 propose
this aniandment heoau8e I Believe that 0 cent#
per pound on this article is too high ® duty.!
There? has been no.classified on of steal hitheirto
that iiiclud## «p«ng ier barri^es or BpcaiSo-
tives ; and if idported at- all they have 'beeii
imported under the cjefeignafcroo of '' Other artii
clea rnanufactqred ii> whole or in part of
steel" at 45 per cent, ttiv.alo.temt And under
|hat classification a bwg? amount of steel had
been imported into the lJnitwlyt#tef^♦^^''0'^ntr■
iiljf during the year 18© to;$3^880,000^ upon
which, more thB  $1^00,000) f duty hw been
paid. This article of imported stfeel, it pur-
chased at all in this country, is purchased in
the store, according to New York quotations
of ffaYch last?,, at from 7 to 30cents per pounti.
If'th6 steel is of .American manufacture, it is
quoted from 0 to 12 cents per pound. Therefore
iV {fife dutv"up6n this Article is fixed1 at 6 cents
per p6un3, then you have an enofmons tax
imposed upon the persons vyho use this manu-
factured article.
'Springs for theory lightest wa^on or buggy
would cost leasi $1 for each spripg. 1 here-'
fore this proposed doty would interfere with
those small manufaciurers at the cross-roads
and the little villages all over the country, who
make buggies'and whgons by their own labor,
and it'will drive the'business entirely into the
eontrol of the mammoth concerns, whp will
then have a monopoly of the. business. ■ This
duty will $eat,§ppre88ively opon the people
and t^e iij^sses. -X- insist^ tberGforOi that Uiis
duty ts too tiigh. ! •
Before I take my seat I desire, to pall the
attention of the Committee bf the Whole to a
misrepresentation which was made here last
week In reference to the signature of sotiie
railroad officer in my State upon the question-
of the tofcTC&Se-Of dnty upon steel rails. I ask
the cierfc V ifpud two telegrams, in order to
oorreot that misrepresentation.
Th£ Glerk teftd as follows-:
WaBHIKGTO? , D. C., May 3,1870.
Tp':I<, tlkfSOX. St. Joseph, MU«ouri : .
Hss aaour. road> authorised tho use of its name to
increase the duty on stee^rl^ls2Spj;R '
' '' U • (J. A. PISK£LNBUR&'.
,-Tr ■ ■ :
i ■ i grnLJo3KPH, MISBOURI, May T, 1870.
To J. F. Aspeb and G. A. Finkhl^mtro,
JSo.AYi i ourth ttrcct:
i we have not. M •£jAWg0^i pendent.
: hit: MAYNARD. That does not touch the
point. This telegram does not say whether
the company sigped the document which we
have had before us.
Mr. ASPER  I will say that the document
wfcs signed bv Mf. Wheatley, who represents
Uiroself as treasurer of the company; a young
man, « banker, who I presume never saw a
rail laiddpwn, never purchased one, and knows
nothing about the subject,- though doubtless in
Mr"S MAyM&D. Tlie only question is,
Whether the paper WaS pigned by the man who
professes to have signed it and whether he is
really what he 'prtfesaeS to be. I have very
little to say ifi r««a(rd to the? iwqposition now
before the committee.. This duty relates to a
very high grade of steel. Th^ effect;©f the
proposition of the .Cqmwitee of Ways and
tp chapge aw m v&larfm duty
U> a gpecific«uty, for thereaeon which induced
the cdhltBltte'fetb makeft Corresponding change
in p.,gretrt pqany other cases. The average rate
of duty under this-proposition will not be
higher than it,i  oow.(tHhe article?, are fairly
j^ud honestly.imported according to thpir real
v lne< The question is pimply whether we
shaUcoptinua the ad valorm'system or «d pt>
the specific sy^tepa.' '  
C -Mr. COX'. :l wish the gentleman would
state, so that we can hear him, whether6 cent*
a pound on these springs is an -increase over
the present.r^te. 45 p«?r cent, ad valorem ? .
Mr St A.YN ARD. I hdve just stated that it
fa' not. The'effect oflhe .proposition is Simply
£6 change, the ad valorem, to a specific rate:
and it is beVioved the point has been fairly and
honestly reached. Of course, upon very low
graj&ea df articles a specific duty it greater'
while upon the higher.gfcades it is less. Thift
lB,itieidePt to the epeei&c system ra contradis-
tinction to the ad valorem system. Thegefl-
tWrnao Hnd<Mrstands that, of cou?se< ■:
Mr." COX. Then I /suppose the genttewMk
from Tennessee would have no objection to
the.amendment which I now propose to offer,
providing that no duty levied under this clause
shall exceed 45 per cent, ad valorem.
Mr- SCHENCK. I wish to state upon what
information this change has been made by the
committee. We were informed upon what we
esteemed good authority, having made various
inquiries and investigations, that the prices of
these articles range from 11 to 25 cents a poutid.
The average would therefore be 18 cents a
pound. Under the present tariff the rate is
45 per cent, advalorem, there being much room
for evasion and fraud. Forty-five per cent,
upon this average valuation of 18 cents per
pound we found to be just 8^ cents. We fixed
the rate at G cents, because we think that a
specific duty, though apparently lower than a
particular rate ad valorem, produces often more
revenue and at the same time more protection.
We assume that the larger proportion is intro-
duced at the lower rates. Six cents per pound
was intended to be. an equivalent for the ad
valorem duty of 45 per cent. As I understand,
the steel alone from which these springs are
made is imported at a valuation of from 7 to 9
cents.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish to answer the ques-
tion which the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Cox] asked me a moment ago. The amend-
ment which he proposes, providing that the
duty-imposed shall not exceed 43 per cent, ad
valomm, would let in all the evils incident to
the ad valorem system; it would afford the
same inducements to under valuation that pre-
vail at present.
Mr. COX. I move to amend by adding a
proviso that the tax levied under this clause
shall not- exceed 45 per cent, ad valorem. I
have not the same prejudice that is entertained
by the gentleman from Tennessee and the chair-
man, of the Corpmittee of Ways and Means
against the ad valorem system. The ad valorem
is* a very convenient thing for the gentlemen
when it "helps to raise duties. But when I pro-
pose an ad valorem restriction upon the duty
on this class of steel, which gentlemen say is
not raised, then they think that the ad valorem
principle will afford room for fraud. The tax
will still remain 6 cents per pound, as gentle-
men understand, by collecting specifically in
one sense and by an ad valorem In another. It
the gentleman from Pennsylvania is correct,
that there is no enlargement of tax, he cannot
object to my amendment. I hold in my hdud
a statement which I wish to have read.
, Mr. MAYNARD. The observation made
by the gentleman from New York that an ad
valorem is a convenient system sometimes when
you want to raise taxes implies a want of good
faith and fairness on the part of those of us
whp.hive presented this proposition; and 1
hope the gentleman will believe me when I say,
s6 tar as I am concerned and so faras the Com-
mittee art concerned, I believe we h&ve rfecom-
! mended specific duties in every case where it
was practicable. There are Home oases where
! the. difference in value is sogreat-thataspecihc
duty would be inapplicable. Whenever prac-
: ticable the Committee of Ways and Means have
recommended specific duties.
Mr, COX- Mr. Chairman,. I cast no per-
sQualamputationupon any member of the com-
: raittee; but .the mixing of specific duties in
this tariff with ad valorem duties is justly the
! subject of complaint by those who are to be
i affected by it. They say they are unable to
understand^ by reason of this admixture, jus
i what duty is proposed to be levied. 1 his tari
is full ad Valorem whenever it suits the pur-
poses of ^'protectionists, and when it suits
Shtfif purposes the duties are made specmc.
N'owi Mr. Obairmart, I am not prepared to sav
I lbei<e is ftn inCrease over the 45> per eent. w
valorem by this new specific tariff; bnt 1 w
i to have read at the Clerk's desk a statement
seat to me, as X suppose it bits been toothers,
i giviftspthe foct# fro b 'which it is argued
i is tin increase* :
