474
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 20,
Senate.
Fifteenth Amendment—Mr. Casserly.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
the power of the State over a subject such as
the suffrage.
This rule of construction is so manifest that
we seem to weaken it if we cite authority in its
support.
This brings me to say a few words of the
House bill. Its first section is an improvement
upon anything in the Senate bill, for it shows
an intention to conform in a degree to the
terms and scope of the fifteenth amendment.
I will read it:
That any officer of the United States, or of any
State, Territory, or district, and every officer of any
city, county, town, township, borough, ward, parish,
or hundred, in any State, Territory, or district, who
shall by any official act whatever, or by the omission,
neglect, or refusal to perform any official act of duty
whatever, whether under color or pretext of any pro-
vision of a.ny State constitution, or any law of any
State, Territory, or district whatsoever, or of any
local, municipal, or other law, rule, or ordinance,
deny or abridge the right of any citizen of tho United
States to voto, on account of nice, color, or previous
condition of servitude, at any federal, State, coun ty,
muoicipaf, or other election, .shall, upon conviction
thereof, he adjudged Kuiify of a misdemeanor, and
shall be punished by imprisonment of not less than
ono year and not oxcoedinsr three years, or by a fine
not less than fdOO nor oxeoedinif $ J,000, or both such
fine and imprisonment, at the discretion of the court.
The section deals with oflicers of the United
Stales or of any State or political subdivision
of a State. Amend it by inserting a few words,
to include the case of n refusal to register or
place upon the poll list, or to assess or to allow
payment of a tax, whenever required before
voting, and you have in this one section all
that can with decency be claimed as within the
power of Congress; all that is necessary to
enforce the fifteenth amendment. You have
a law that, can be executed, and that is free
from most of the odious, unheard of, oppress-
ive details of the Senate bill. If the real pur-
pose is to enforce the amendment, why not be
satisfied with a simple, intelligible law that
does not too grossly outrage Lhe ideas, tho tra-
ditions, and the habits of the people? Why
undertake to force upon them a law that is
strange, harsh, obscure, irritating; a law which
by its very severity will defeat itself? It must,
do so, because of tho good providence by which
men arts better than bad laws. Thus it is that
every day tho recklessness or the tyranny of
the law-makiugpower is tempered by the native
humanity and goodness of those who admin-
ister the law, whether as judges, its jurors, or
as executive officers, through every degree
of authority. Let us thank Heaven for those
inborn, inherent equities of tho human heart,
but for which the excesses of Legislatures would
make government an insufferable torment.
After tho first section, [ apprehend, none of
the House bill is admissible, because as to all
the rest it falls more or less into the vice of the
Senate bill, by attempting to deal with private
persons bearing no relation to the State, not
acting or claiming to act under any law or
authority of a State, but uuder the promptings
of their own evil passions, and, as the lawyers
say, of their own mere motion. 1 have already
shown how utterly unconstitutional and invalid
all such legislation is. I shall not go over the
same grouud now. Disorderly and violent, such
persons are notthe State. It is sheer absurdity
to pretend it. They break the peace of the State;
they break its order, which is its highest law.
rJ heir hands are raised against the State at
least as much as they are against the fifteenth
amendment. Leave them to the State. It
will maintain her authority and correct them,
as it has done heretofore from the beginning.
I have shown you the wonderful general
acquiescence throughout the country in the
working of the fifteenth amendment. There
is, therefore, in the present nothing whatever
to call for or to excuse the unexampled legisla-
tion proposed by the Senate bill, and, though
in a much less degree, by the House bill.
Search all the past history of your Govern-
ment. You will find there no decent pretext
for your penal bills. You will find at every
step the strongest arguments against them.
Will any Senator gainsay this?
For more than eighty years you have had in
the Constitution a great array of prohibitions,
express or implied, on the powers of the States.
How have they been observed ? It is to the
honor of the American people,as a law-abiding,
intelligent people, foremost in the ranks of
civilization, that almost without a serious ex-
ception, without one that I now recall, those
great prohibitions, though trenching often
upon cherished rights, interests, and convic-
tions of the people of the States, have been
observed exactly, cheerfully, with the fullest
good faith. Now and then, here and there,
opposition may have shown itself; but on the
whole the result has ever been as I have stated.
When or where has any party in the country
proposed for the enforcement of those prohi-
bitions the harshest penal legislation by Con-
gress, such as that now before us? No such
instance has been mentioned by any Senator.
By the same law of order which seems intui-
tively to regulate the movements, great or small,
of American life, moral, social, and political,
the movements also of that complex but com-
plete organism, the States and the United
States—the States and the people of the
States moved in harmonious obedience to the
Constitution. The power of the State, so far
as it acted upon subjects within the prohibitions
of the Constitution, acted to maintain and ex-
ecute theprohibitions. If attimesit happened
that a State made a law impairing the obliga-
tion of contracts against the express prohibi-
tion in the Constitution, or trenching on the
exclusive power of Congress to regulate com-
merce against the implied prohibition, the
State had her courts always open to decide the
question, if question was made. Whatever the
decision there or in the courts of the United
States, it was promptly and peacefully obeyed.
The history of the constitutional prohibitions
on tho powers of the States, including the thir-
teenth and fourteenth amendments, is that
Congress has never felt called on to enact laws
to enforce the prohibitions ; is that there never
was any need for such laws. Why commence
now, and with such laws—laws worse than the
code of Draco ; for, besides being most harsh,
they are in defiance of tho Constitution, which is
I your only source of power to make laws at all?
\\ hat is lhe public exigency for such legislation ?
Are the American people so changed from
what they were ; are they so transformed that
in the twinkling of an eye they have lost those
rooted instinctive habits of order, and obedi-
ence to all the prohibitions, express or implied,
of the Constitution which haveswayed them for
eighty years? What has happened to them
that now, for the first time in their history, in
the midst of peace, they have broken away
from that allegiance of the heart, that consent
of the will, which are the great moral forces
on which our whole system uf self-government,
both in theory and in action, must forever de-
pend? These are the elements drawn from
man's inner nature, first appealed to and em-
ployed as a power in government by the men
who framed the fabric of American freedom.
Upon them you must rely at last for the en-
forcement of your laws, the observance of your
Constitution, the maintenance of your Gov-
ernment : for even the perpetuity of your lib-
erties! Without them—still more, against
them—how futile are armies and navies; how
impotentall the means and appliances of phys-
ical coercion that despotism ever invented !
Whenever, Senators, you refuse to rely on
the moral forces that live within the breast of
the American citizen you give up your Amer-
ican freedom. Your next step must be, and it
will be, to a government which, whatever its
form, will be in fact the most despotic, the
most expensive, the most oppressive in the
world. This must be so ; because, having cast
aside the guiding principles of government as
settled by eighty years experience, your arbi-
trary sway will have none of the checks of
usage or fear that curb the despotisms of the
Old World. If heretofore your Government has
been strong at home and formidable abroad ;
if it has been economical; if it has mastered
the mightiest tasks of war or peace, it was
because it stood, firm-set, and strong, in the
unbought allegiance and free consent of your
people. There you had a reserve of forces
equal to every emergency. There you found
your Army and your Navy. Elsewhere you
would have looked for them in vain.
The cardinal difference between free America
and any despotism that now exists or has ever
existed, if summed up in the fewest words,
lies in this: the despot does not trust his peo-
ple ; America trusts hers. Most earnestly do
I hope that this may ever be true of her.
But I know it cannot long be true of her
under a policy of which such laws as that pro-
posed by the Senate Judiciary Committee are
a part. Hitherto the Government and the
institutions of the United Slates have rested
upou the internal forces of the conscience, of
the mind, of the heart, of your people. There
they have rested steadfast and secure. The
despot relies on wholly different principles of
government. He relies not upon the better
forces of man's nature, for he knows they are
not with him or with his government. He
dares not trust them. He relies upon external
forces, upon bayonets and cannon, upon the
dungeon and the scaffold. These forces are
as costly as those employed by the American
system of government are economical; and
they are infinitely less effective and reliable.
Every day in this stage of the world's pro-
gress they are more and more certain to fail
the ruler who depends on them in tho hour of
his necessity.
I appeal to the Senators of the majority on
this floor. Can they take no lesson from the
experience of otherlands? Are history and her
warnings all in vain ? If I have at all compre-
hended the Senate bill now before us, there is
more evil than I can show forth in the system
of legislation on which you are now entering ;
for, be assured, this is but the first act. Bad
measures in governmentinevitably compel other
worse measures to support them. Pause, Sen-
ators, before you enter upon a policy of admin-
istration which is not only a departure from
the whole policy of the country since the (Jnion
was formed, but is an abandonment of the
American idea of government.
What I said in the beginning I say again in
the close. There is nothing in th^ condition
of the country or the temper of the people
anywhere in respect to the fifteenth amendment
to justify or excuse the Senate bill.
When you consider the changes made by the
amendment in the system of suffrage which
underlies our institutions; how deep was tho
shock which it gave to the convictions or even
to the prejudices of a large portion of your
fellow-citizens ; how profoundly and sincerely
it was deplored as a breach in the foundations
of your Government, as at the best a tremen-
dous experiment of most doubtful issue—when
you consider all this, 1 say it is a fact most hon-
orable to the great muss of people who opposed
the amendment, that they gave to it in its very
first operations an acquiescence so prompt
and practically so universal. What moreover-
whelming demonstration could you have of the
inherent, almost instinctive disposition of the
American people to obey the law; and of all 1
have said when I told you that there was your
true reliance, your real source of power for
the enforcement of your Constitution and laws?
But if you are not satisfied with all this; if
to meet a party exigency in this and coming
years you must have a statute of Congress,
