176
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
them the benefit of their own misconduct in not
taking it if they could persuade themselves to
swear that they had not.
Thus it stood until the act of the 25th of
June, 1868, which provided for the meeting of
this Georgia Legislature and of the Legislatures
of three or four of the other States. That act
declared, notthat Georgia was entitled to admis-
sion, but that when certain things should have
happened consonant to and in harmony with our
preceding legislation fairly, and in good faith,
she should be entitled to admission. All that
that act of the 25th of June, 1868, declared as
having been done was merely that the document
purporting to be a constitution for the State of
Georgia was republican in form. It affirms
nothing more. Congress committed itself to
nothing beyond the bare fact that the instru-
ment which Georgia had presented was an
instrument republican in form ; and it then
merely permitted her to hold an election for
her Legislature, orif one had been held allowed
the Legislature to meet and proceed in accord-
ance with the prior acts we had passed on the
subject. This is the language: "They shall
be entitled and admitted to representation as a
State of the Union when the Legislature of such
State shall have duly ratified the fourteenth
amendment;" and upon certain conditions
respecting one clause in their constitution
which are not material to this case ; and then it
proceeds to say: "but no person prohibited
from holding office under the United States, or
under any State, by section three of the pro-
posed amendment to the Constitution of the
United States, known as article fourteen, shall
be deemed eligible to any office in either of said
States," again giving express notice to the
people of Georgia that the preceding legislation
of Congress was still insisted upon, and that
we had not waived any of the previous require-
ments that the statutes had imposed upon that
people; and they were told, as I say over again,
lost they should make any mistake, that the
officers of that State going into its Legislature
should be composed only of the persons whom
we had decided were fit to take a hand in the
reorganization of the interests of that people.
That is the legislation. Now, what did they
do ? They met under the invitation of General
Meade, abouttbe4th of July, 1868, and under-
took to organize. The question was immedi-
ately raised, not whether any negro was entitled
to a seat here, nobody objected to them, they
appeared and took their seats, nobody sug-
gested that any colored man was ineligible
under the fourteenth article, for no colored man,
there at any rate, had been suspected either of
over having held an office before of any kind
or of having engaged in insurrection or war
against the United States, but it was suggested
that many persons in both branches of that
Legislature had been guilty of open war against
the United States, being of the description that
the act of Congress had prohibited to sit there ;
and what did they do'? They purported to have
an investigation, and the evidence is submitted
here in the report of General Meade, that I hold
in my hand, which illustrates the whole thing.
1 hose men were called before these com-
mittees of investigation and were asked whether
they had ever held any office under the
United States, or under any State, and had
afterward engaged in rebellion. Some of them
could not remember. Others were asked
whether they had taken any oath to support
the Constitution of the United States when
they exercised the duties of that office, entirely
ignoring and setting aside the explicit provision
of Congress every time that the taking of the
oath was totally immaterial, and that the fact
of holding the office was the criterion. We did
not care whether they had taken the oath or
not if they ought to have done it; but the
gentle-minded committees of that Legislature
thought that would be a somewhat difficult
thing to get over ; and so they shut their eyes
to it and just asked those rebellious gentlemen
who came up to the bar to swear on the sub-
ject of their doings whether they had taken
an oath to support tie Constitution of the Uni-
ted States when they held those State offices ;
and with true southern chivalry almost every
one of them, I believe every one, swore that
he -could not really remember that he had;
and so they gave, as the criminal law requires,
the respondent the benefit of" the doubt, and
decided.that he was eligible ; and not only that,
but they passed a formal-resolution that every
man, without regard to color, race, or previous
condition of servitude—that is the very form
of it—that every man who sat there as a mem-
ber, black, white, grey, or any other color, was
eligible to his seat and rightfully occupied it.
I do not know that the gentlemen who man-
aged that affair had in view the purpose of Satis-
fyingsome uneasy people, who began to inquire,
"what are you going to do with the colored
members?" I do not know whether, it was a
compromise to persuade the colored members
and their friends to shut their eyes to this
flagrant and open violation of the act of Con-
gress or not that this general, resolution was
passed ; but they did pass a resolution, which
appears here in the reports,- that every member
occupying a seat was qualified to hold it. Then
they went on with their legislation ; they rati-
fied the fourteenth amendment, they elected
Senators, and did various things.
Immediately after that was done, I believe
the very next day, one of the Democratic
brethren in that Legislature introduced a reso-
lution to inquire into the eligibility of the col-
ored members. He thought the time had come
to purify the Legislature, to get oat of it the
men who had no right to sit there ; but some
of his wiser friends appear to have told him
"you are too fast, my friend; this will not do;
Congress will suspect that we are playing pos-
sum," and therefore the resolution was quietly
smothered, laid on the table. The thing kept
going on in that way ; some irrepressible man
would offer a resolution touching the colored
members, and the other and wiser heads would
lay it on the table, smother it without debate,
until Congress having adjourned and the mili-
tary command having been withdrawn, as I have
said, by General Meade, military government
no longer existing, they supposed it would be
safe to turn out these men who they had already
voted were legally entitled to their seats by the
previous resolution, and to set up for them-
selves. So, then, in September they expelled
every man whose hair curled in the least, every
man whose skin was not as white as the whitest,
and went on their way rejoicing. They did a
little more, which illustrates how far men will
go when they once get started. They not
only turned out these colored men, to the
amount of nearly thirty, I believe, in both
houses, whom a majority of the people, the
unquestioned voters, had elected, and hav-
ing turned those out they went around the
country and picked up what they called the
next best man in each district, the man who
had the minority of the votes, and put him
into the seat of the man they had expelled ;
and they did that under what they claimed to
be the authority of the law of Georgia in
Irwin's code, which says substantially that in
all elections to office where a plurality elects
if the person having the largest number turns
out.^ to be disqualified or ineligible the person
having the next largest number shall be con-
sidered to have the plurality. Irwin's code
says that; but when you ask them to tarn to
that section of the constitution or of the statute
which says that members of the Legislature
shall be elected by a plurality, unhappily it
cannot be found anywhere.
The Judiciary Committee the other day in
investigating this subject of finding out how
twenty-eight rebels got into the places of the
twenty-eight colored men, if that was the num-
ber. invited the gentlemen of Georgia who
were present before us—judges and governors
and lawyers and politicians and statesmen—to
point out to us that section in the law of Geor-
gia or in its constitution which made members
of this General Assembly elective by a plural"
ity, and after the most diligent search it could
not be found. There may be some such statute,
but it is placed so high, as was said about a
very ancient statute that some of my older
friends can tell us about, that nobody now can
see it. It has gone, disappeared, so that so
far as it appears before us, and I really believe
that to be the case, they not only violated the
constitution of their own State, violated their
own resolution in turning out these people,
but they flew in the face of their own law in
putting in men who had never been elected by
a majority of the people, because there was no
authority so far a3 we can find for saying that
members of the General Assembly are elected
by a plurality vote ; and the very code they
rely upon only authorizes the person not having
the largest number to take the office when the
one having the largest number is disqualified^
when that election is made by a plurality.
Nobody could find it for us. I do not believe
it exists.
That is what this Legislature did. Now,
can anybody tell me that Congress is retracing
its steps, insisting upon something new, urging
further conditions, doing anything that it has
not already said it would do and ought to do,
when it takes hold of these facts and restores
that people to, the place where they belong ?
If there is any such I shall be glad to hear his
reasons for that opinion on these statutes which
I have cited.
What happened after that? Why, sir, the
reign of anarchy, of cruelty, and of tyranny
began. Murder, assault, assassination, ostra-
cism, everything that can disgrace a commu-
nity, that can turn it into a state of barbarism
and make it a living hell for a civilized people,
was done.
Gentlemen say—itwas said before our com-
mittee by a distinguished citizen of that State
who thought he believed it—I have no doubt
that peace and order had reigned in Georgia
all the time ; that life was as safe, property as
secure, justice as truly administered in that
State in proportion to its.numbers and popula-
tion as in any State in the Union ; but when
he was asked whether there had been in the
last two years any execution for murder he
could not tell us that there had been. When
he was asked if there had been any conviction
for murder in that State, he could not tell us
"that there had been unless he may have said
that there has been one very recently. And
yet the recorded evidence reported by General
Meade and reported now recently by General
Terry for the last year, shows, if there is any
faith to be put in human testimony from offi-
cial sources that have no interest to misrepre-
sent, that as I say the reign of anarchy and of
cruelty and of blood in many sections of that
State has been supreme, and that there is no
such thing as justice administered there ; that
there is no such thing as security for life or prop-
erty or anything that a man holds dear and
has a right to have except at the mere sufferance
and permission of bands of regulators; and
when anybody receives an injury, when any-
body is murdered, if the sheriff of the county
attempts to arrest the murderer the sheriff of
the county is sent about his business, first being
soundly whipped for interfering with the free
institutions of the Democratic State of Georgia,
and driven out!
Sir, in such a state of things as that, and the
reports which demonstrate it I say are from
official sources—they are on our tables—-what
are we to do ? Of what value is a trial by jury,
wnich under a civil government of course is
the only method of punishing crime, when the
whole body of a county of which a jury would
be composed is one gang of people who are
determined to drive out everybody who does
not choose to think as they do ? Of course,
under such circumstances, a jury trial is a
mockery ; it is a shield for cruelty and crime
instead of being an instrument of punishment
