4820
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Allow me to .sug-
gest to my colleague [Mr. Logaw] that this
reporter is now here, on trial. There is no
such- thing as compelling him to answer this
question unless you send him before a com-
mittee empowered to compel witnesses to an-
swer-' This individual may or may not, as
he chooses, avail himself of his right to give
information in exculpation of himself.
Mr. LOGAN. I deny the position of my
colleague. I affirm, that this House has the
right to enforce an answer in the same, way as
any other official body.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The House may ex-
clude this reporter from the reporters' gallery,
if he does not'purge himself to the satisfaction
of the House > but there is no_ such thing as
compelling him to make purgation.
' Mr. HOTCHKISS. Mr. Speaker, i^ the
first place the proposition of the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Farnswortii] is unsound.
This witness had his privilege, and he waived
it. Where a witness—
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I must call the gen-
tleman to order. I insist that the individual
now before us is in no sense a witness. This
reporter is here to purge himself of contempt.
He is not a witness. If he were a witness he
would be compelled to answer questions ; but
not being a witness, he cannot be subjected
to such a compulsion.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. If we have no jurisdic-
tion in the case, then I have nothing to say.
The SPEAKER. The point raised by the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farxswortii] is
not a point of order.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Now, sir, there arc
other considerations in this case than the effect
of this.proceeding upon the young gentleman
who is before us. He has doubtless been guilty
of an indiscretion ; but he is ayoungman, and
has been led into this matter by others.
[Laughter,] I would like to havo'Jiis question
answered for the reason that if the officers of
a court are to disclose to newspaper reporters
the secrets of the grand jury room, which are
to be spread .through the country to warn all
who may be implicated of what is going on
in that grand jury room, then any attempt
to administer public justice will be an utter
failure.
Mr. BLDRIDGB. Who does that ?
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I understand that tlm
information has been derived from the officers
of a criminal court in this District, though I
may have heard imperfectly. The documents
were documents in the hands of the court,
not in the hands of a committee of this House.
There is another consideration. We want
to know what has been done by this Mr. 'tay-
lor. If Mr. Taylor is the mail who has been
slandering members of this House, and if
without indictment or presentment of a grand
jury they are to be convicted at the bar of
public opinion, without any opportunity to
defend themselves, then I think it is about
time that we should know what are the priv-
ileges of members of this House ; whether they
are to be attacked without any opportunity to
defend themselves or to answer the charges,
except by coining in here and making per-
sonal explanations, thereby inviting still further
criticism ; whether such questions are to be
tried out of doors, and the trial to be prose-
cuted to the disadvantage of members, ail the
archives of the Government and allthereeords
of the courts being hauded over to their assail-
ants at pleasure to publish such portions as
they may choose. The question is. whether a
member's only method of defending himself
is t,o attempt to follow up all such charges
with public contradictions, and undertake to
carry on in this way a war with the newspapers
of this country ?
In my opinion, the men who have violated
common deccncy and propriety, to say noth-
ing of law, and by those violations set on foot
these accusations against members, ought to be
brought before the bar of the House and pun-
ished ; and in order that we may know whether
we are pursuing the matter properly or not,
this question ought to be answered. This gen-
tleman now before us ought to be thankful that
he has an opportunity to answer it. Between
men who violate the proprieties of their posi-
tions in making these disclosures there is no
confidential relation requiring such disclosures
to be held sacred.
Mr. BEAMAN. Mr. Speaker, it seems to
me that gentlemen entirely mistake the posi-
tion of the case before the House. There is at
this moment nobody on trial but Mr. Smith.
The gentleman from Nevada [Mr. Fitch] is
not on trial here; the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Butler] is not on trial. But
this respondent has been brought here simply
in order that wc may see whether he can make
any defense for himself. It lies entirely with
him to make just such a defense as he pleases.
If he is not disposed to make any defense at
all, then the judgment of the House will be
taken on it. if he chooses to make a partial
defense, if he fails to make a complete defense,
then that is his misfortune. If there is an in-
vestigation into the allegations made against
the gentleman from Nevada, then when this
witness is called upon he is bound to answer
all the questions which may be put to him.
But there is 110 investigation of that kind going
on before the House. It is simpiy for him to
stand up and answer as ho pleases. If he is
disposed to sland mute and make 110 answer,
then he must take the judgment of the House.
If he makes a partial statement he must be
careful to make such a statement as will be
sufficient for his defense. It seems to me that
is the attitude in which the case stands before
the House at this time. It is so simple as to
need no further argument.
Mr. SARGENT rose.
The SPEAKER. The pending proposition
is the resolution of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Cos.]
Mr. BINGHAM.
on it.
Mr. COX. I simply withdrew the resolution
to allow the gentleman from Wisconsin to ask
a question.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Is there not
ponding a motion, made by the gentleman from
Nevada, that the person at the bar bo directed
to.ansvvcr further than he has done on the point
indicated ?
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, sir; ho has been
asked from whom he received the official doc-
uments to which he has referred.
Mr. SARGENT. Yes, sir; I insist that is
the pending motion.
Mr. BINGHAM. That is the ponding mo-
tion, and tiio gentleman from Nevada has not
withdrawn it.
Mr. COX. My proposition is pending, and
was withdrawn for the purpose only of allowing
a question to be asked.
The SPEAKER. The Chair now under-
stands that the gentleman from Nevada insists
on the motion which he has made. The Chair
has very grave doubts about the propriety of
entertaining any such motion. The resolution
of the House directed that William Scott Smith,
the reporter of the New York Evening Post,
be brought to the bar of this House, to show
cause, if lie can, why he should not be expelled
from the reporters' gallery for libelous state-
ments reflecting upon the integrity of members
of this House. It has always been the practice
of the House, in the prosecution of similar
inquiries and investigations, carefully to limit
action according to the terms of the resolution
under which any respondent may be brought
to the bar of the House. The Chair, therefore,
does not at all agree that it is in the nature of a
privileged question, after this respondent has
been brought to the bar of the House, to com-
pel him to answer inquiries not within the pur-
view of the order which brought him here.
There has been action
Mr. DICKEY. I have not been able to hear
the Chairs decision, and I should like to know
what it is.
The SPEAKER. The Chair holds that it is
not in order to put to the respondent at the bar-
questions transcending the power conferred by
the resolution of the House.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Is there any
objection to the other proposition which has'
been suggested?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will inform the;
gentleman from Ohio that it is not at all in
accordance with the practice of the House to
bring in the compulsory power of the House
in reference to a point not contemplated in the
original resolution of the House.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to ask
one question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
will distinctly understand that the Chair does
not at all doubt the entire power of the House
to do the thing suggested; but not under the
call under which this gentleman has been
brought to respond at our bar. A resolution
which brings a man before the House of Rep-
resentatives should not be transcended in its
terms, in justice to the man who is asked to
respond, and that is the ground upon which the
Chair bases his decision. :
Mr. DICKEY. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry. When a gentleman has been brought
here under a resolution of the House, and he
has submitted his answer, is it not for the
House to decide whether his answer is full or
not? Is not that a question for the House?
The SPEAKER. That is a question for
the House to determine. He is at the bar of
the House to show cause why he shall not be
expelled ftom the reporters' gallery. When
lie has made his answer, it will be for the House
to determine the question. The pending ques-
tion before the House is on the resolution of
the gentleman from NewYork, [Mr. C'ox,] that
all proceedings against William Scott Smith be
suspended, and that he be discharged. The
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth]
indicated his purpose to move to amend the
resolution of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Cox] by a substitute.
Mr. SARGENT. I have offered a substitute,
which I sent to the desk to be read.
The SPEAKER. The substitute offered by
the geutleman from California [Mr. Sargext]
will first be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strikeout all after the word "resolved," and in-
sert as tollows:
That \V. Suott Smith, having failed to purge him-
self of the eba.rg-e of haying .slandered a member of
this House, and bavin? declined to sivo the sources
of the information upon which he alleges he based his
statement, bo expelled from the reporters' gallery.
The SPEAKER. That is pertinent as an
amendment to the resolution.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. I believe my amend-
ment was first in.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois indicated his purpose to offer an amend-
ment, but did not offer it in writing.
Mr. BINGHAM. Would it be in order to
move to amend the substitute?
The SPEAKER. It would be in order to
move an amendment to the substitute as an
amendment to an amendment. The Chair
recognizes the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Farxswortii] for that purpose, as offering what
will be in the nature of an amendment to the
amendment of the gentleman from California.
The Clerk will read the amendment of the
gentleman from Illinois.
The Clerk read as follows :
Revolved, That ihe charge and resolution of expul-
sion agam&t W. Scott Smith, the prisoner at the bar
of this House, be referred to a select committee of
five members, to be appointed by the Speaker, who
shall have power 1 o send for persons and papers and
examine witnesses under oath; and that in the mean
time the prisoner be remanded to the custody of the
Sergcant-at-Arnis.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to a question of
