2432
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REMEDIAL JUSTICE IN UNITED STATES COURTS.
Mr. POLAND also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back, with amendments, the bill
(H. R. No. 340) to extend the provisions of an
act to provide farther remedial justice in the
courts of the United States, apnroved August
29, 1842.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill, but
before he had concluded the morning hour ex-
pired, and the bill went over until to-morrow.
obsequies of general thomas
The SPEAKER directed the Clerk to read
the following notice:
The eommittoe having in cliargo tho momorial ser-
vices in honor of tho late Major Gonoral Goorge H.
Thomas, which are to take place in the Hall of the
House of Representatives this evening, desire to give
notico that no ono will be admitted to tho Hall of the
House of Representatives without a tickot of admis-
sion.
Tickets will bo issued to tho President and bis Cab-
inet, the judges of the Supreme Court. Senators,
mombers of tho Houso of Representatives, and offi-
cers who sorved with General Thomas during tho late
war.
Tho diplomatic gallery will bo reserved exclusively
for the diplomatic corps.
Tho ladies' gallory will be reserved for the families
of those holding tickets of admission to tho floor of
the Houso.
Tho northeastern and northwestorn portions of the
north gallery will bo reserved for ladies and gentle-
men accompanying thorn.
By direction of tho committeo of arrangements:
HENltY STONE, Secretary.
order 01? business.
Mr. KELSEY. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. SCHENCK. Before moving to go into
Committee of the Whole on the state of tho
Union on the special order I promised to yield
to my colleague, [Mr. Mongen.]
Mr. KELSEY. I insist upon the regular
order.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I cannot yield.
Mr. MUNGEN. I hope the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Kelsey] will withdraw the call
for the regular order. I desire to bring a mat-
ter before the House in the interest of humanity.
Mr. SCHENCK. My colleague has been
wanting to bring something before the House
for several days, and I proposed to yield to him.
Mr. WOOD. I ask the gentleman from Ohio
to yield to me for a personal explanation.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Kblset] insists on the regular
order.
Mr. WOOD. I hope my colleague will with-
draw his call until I can have an opportunity
to present to the House a matter of some little
interest to the House as well as to myself.
Mr. KELSEY. I do not withdraw it for
anybody. I insist on having tho regular order
for once.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the Houso resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole upon the special
order.
The motion was agreed to.
tariff bill.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Wheeler, in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the special order,
being the bill (H. R. No. 1068) to amend exist-
ing laws relating to the duty on imports, and
for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will report
the pending paragraph and the amendment
pending thereto.
The pending paragraph was the following:
On clarified sugar, 3 cents per pound.
The pending amendment was one moved by
Mr. Allison, to strike out "3" and insert
"2J;" so that it would read, "on clarified
sugar, 2-J cents per pound."
Mr. ALLISON. I understand the gentle-
man from Louisiana [Mr. Sheldon] desires to
say something on this subject. I will there-
fore withdraw my amendment, and ho can
renew it.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. I desired to
move an amendment in order that I might
oppose the amendment of the gentleman from
Iowa, [Mr. Allison.] As that has been with-
drawn I have nothing to say.
Mr. WOOD. I move to amend the pending
paragraph by striking out the last word, for the
purpose of having read a letter from Moses
Taylor, of New Yoi'k city.
Mr. ALLISON. I withdraw my amendment
expecting that it would be renewed by the gen-
tleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Sheldon.] I
desire to have a vote on my amendment.
Mr. WOOD. I believe I have the floor now,
and have moved an amendment. Moses Taylor,
of New York, whoso letter I desire to havo
read, is one of the most prominent as well as
most influential merchants in the United States,
a man who has had thirty-five years of practical
experience on this question of sugar, and who
has probably imported more sugar than any
ten sugar importers outside of New York. As
a resident of New York, I attach a great deal
of importance to the opinions of a man of
such practical knowledge, information, and
experience, and of so high a character as Moses
Taylor. I ask the Clerk to read the letter I
have referred to.
The Clerk read as follows;
41 fiocni Stkket, New Youk, April i, 1S70.
Sir : Wo beg respectfully to submit to your con-
sideration whether ill the proposed modification of
tho tariff on sugar the rate of duty should not bo
made uniform un all Migar, excepting only refined
stove-dried.
'Hie present classification of unrefined sugar,which
it is proposed to retain, not only holds out great in-
ducement for fraud, but increases tho cost of tho
collection to an extent by no moans compensated by
the amount of revenue derived from the differential
duty on grades abuve Nu. 12; for whilo these grades
form a very trifling proportion of tho total import-
ation of sugar, and the increase of revenue by reason
of tho higher rate ot duty thereon is insignificant,
the existence of sstid dillerontial duty necessitates
the maintenance of a numerous body of appraisers,
&c., at a cost greatly exceeding that increase, and
which, no matter how competent or faithful, will
always be found inadequate to tho prevention of
fraud or to tho avoidance of constant disputes as to
tho proper classification.
Tho grades abovo In o. 12 are tho only qualities
which go directly into consumption. Thoy are con-
sumed almost exclusively by tho poorer classes, who
cannot afford to uso stove-dried refined, and the dif-
ferential duty now levied on them is simply a tax
upon tho class least able to support it, without any
compensating benefit to tho revenue.
Itespectfully, your obedient servants,
MOSES TAYLOR & CO.
Hon. Fernando Wood, Washington, D. C.
Mr. WOOD. I have also received a letter
from tho next largest sugar importing house in
the United States, the house of Peter V. King
& Co. 1 ask tho Clerk to read it.
The Clerk read as follows :
41 Soum Stkekt, New Yokk, April2,18T0.
Deak Sir: We beg to urge upon you tho support
of a measure imposing a nearly uniform rate of duty
upon all sugar, say 2 ccnts a pound, without dis-
tinction of quality, grade, or proeess of manufacture,
except refined.
The bill of March. 1861, was three fourths of a cent
por pound upon Me la do and all Muscovado and
clayed sugar, without regard to quality, and 2 cents
per pound upon refined sugar. This bill was twice
changed in 18G1, once to take effcct 5th August, and
again after 25th December, and on these two the dis-
tinction of half a cent per pound ui)on sugar above
No. 12 was inserted at tho interference of refiners.
In an interview lately held with refiners Mr. Scuexck
advanced tho fact, that out of $30,000,000 of revenue
collected upon sugar but $2,000,000, or less than 7 per
cent., was collected on sugar above No. 12. There-
fore there can be no stronggroundtorsuch adistinc-
tion.
A uniform rate will render it very easy for the Gov-
ernment to colloct the duty, will enable them to dis-
pense with a number of officers and samplers, will
produce moro revenue, will be more satisfactory to
tho consumers at large, and will really, as soon as
they get used to it, be of great service to our refiners,
who are now tho only opposing interest thereto.
Wo beg you to take this into consideration, and to
support it if you are impressed with its fairness.
And are, yours, very respectfully,
PJ3TBB, V. KING & Co.
We inclose our tables of the trade of New York in
sugar, and add thatthe proportion to tho whole trade
of the United States is from 00 to 05 per cent.
Hon. Feknando Wood, M. C., Washington.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no doubt Mr. Tay-
lor considers his views quite important, for I
have reeeived a copy of the same letter which
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Wood]
has had read.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. So have I.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not wonder at all
that these importers should want everything to
come in at so low rate, or uniform rate, or
any thing else which will increase the profits of
their business. I said the other day that I did
not know anything more selfish than the
demands made by manufacturers, each one
wanting his own interest particularly looked
after, unless it was the selfishness of importers,
who equally desire thatthe manufacturers should
be left out in the cold, and their particular
interests cared for. It simply illustrates the
force of human nature, which gives each man
a bias in the direction of his own interest.
Now, sir, as far as the desire of Mr. Taylor
is concerned, that we should take away the
different grades of duty on sugar, I will say
that we have approached it more nearly in the
schedule proposed by the Committee of Wjays
and Means than it is in the present law. In the
present law the grades of duty are from 8 to 5
cents, each grade advancing one half per cent.,
while in the schedule proposed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means the grades are from
2 to -1 cents, each grade advancing 1 cent per
pound. We begin with the lower sugars at 2
cents per pound, and there is nothing in what
Mr. Taylor says about "the grades above No.
12" being the "only qualities which go directly
into consumption," and that "they are con-
sumed almost exclusively by the poorer classes
who cannot afford to use stove-dried refined."
There is nothing is that unless it be so far to
complain of what the Committee of Ways and
Means have done. The Committee of Ways
and Means know that there isagreat deal of raw
or Muscovado sugar above No. 12 Dutch stand-
ard, which goes into the hands of consumers
without going through the hands of refiners.
We therefore propose to let all that sugar come
in at 2 cents per pound. I beg gentlemen to
remark that when we refer in the project of the
Committee of Ways and Means to No. 12 it is
only with reference to refined sugar, and we let
in all above No. 12, for consumption by those
who choose to consume it, at whatever may be
the duty charged upon clarified or refined sugar.
Gentlemen leave out of view the fact that
there is another class above the grade of No.
12 of raw or Muscovado sugar, which, upon
every other scheme except that of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, must be charged
at some higher rate of duty than 2 cents per
pound. We let in all raw or Muscovado sugar
above No. 12 at 2 cents per pound duty, upon
the supposition, as Mr. Taylor says, and as I
have myself said before, that there are a great
many people in the country who are willing to
use raw or Muscovado sugar of a finer quality,
provided they can get it at a lower rate of duty
than is imposed upon clarified sugar. I did
not rise, however, for the purpose of arguing
this matter or replying to Mr. Taylor or his
letter. I rose for the purpose of adverting to
the necessity of a distinction between the
manufactured or refined "article and the raw,
as great a distinction as that which the com-
mittee propose, and I address myself particu-
larly to the proposition of my colleague on the
committee, tho gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Allison.]
I have already explained that the Committee
of Ways and Means put all raw sugars down to
2 cents a pound. Then they put the next class
at 1 cent higher, being the clarified sugars.
They do not put them as high as is asked by
the refiners, who propose that we shall go up
half a cent at a time through four classes. The
committee put the clarified sugars 1 cent higher
than the raw sugars: that is, at 3 cents. Now,
the gentleman from Iowa proposes that we
shall put them at 2J cents per pound. What
will be the effect? If 100 pounds of raw sugar
