1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
177
for it. Everybody knows that. What, then, are
we to do, sir? Are wetostand idly by, having,
as I have-shown, the power, the rightful power
to interfere, and see a wide and fair section of
our country go to ruin in, this way? I do not
think so ; and therefore I say that the only fault
Ihave to find with the bill now before us is that
it does not go far enough, because .while it does
make the Legislature of that State provisional
and subject still to the paramount-authority of
Congress, byimplication it makes the executive
government of that State and the judicial gov-
ernment of that State permanent, and that gov-
ernment can only punish crime and protect life
through the exercise of justice in the civil tribu-
nals; and that is mere mockery in these wide
sections of the State; whereas if you would
make the whole government provisional, while
it would not interfere at all with the exercise
of civil administration in those sections of the
State where civil administration was adequate
for the purpose of protecting life and doing jus-
tice, it would enable the military commander
of that district in aid of this provisional govern-
ment to organize his military commission in
those counties held by these regulators and
desperadoes and hang them, as they deserve.
So I say, Mr. President, having occupied
more time than I intended when I rose, that my
fault with this bill is found in the fact that it
does not reach far enough to redress the enor-
mous evils that exist in that State.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, the bill
under consideration is entitled " A bill to per-
fect the reconstruction of the State of Georgia.''
The particular amendment now before the
Senate is that the Legislature of Georgia shall
be provisional until they ratify certain amend-
ments to the Constitution of the United States.
Mr. HOWARD. With the consent of the
Senator from Delaware, I propose to move an
adjournment.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I yield for that pur-
pose.
Mr. MORTON. I hope that question will
not be put till I can have the joint resolution in
regard to the admission of Virginia referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT* Is there objec-
tion to the proposition of the Senator from
Indiana? ["No!" "No!"] TheChairhears
no objection; and the joint resolution in regard
to the restoration of Virginia will be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HOWARD. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 16, 1SG9.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev'. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
BUREAU 01' CUSTOMS-REVENUE.
Mr. SCHENCK, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (II. It. No. 59-1) to establish
a bureau of customs-revenue in the Treasury
Department; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
Mr. KNOTT, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 595) to amend the
existing laws of the United States in relation
to the assessment and collection of internal
revenue; which was read a first and second
lime, and referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
TAXATION or STATU BANK NOTES.
Mr. STONE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 590) to repeal the tax
of ten per cent, upon the notes of State
banks ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 12.
ELECTIONS TO ELECTORAL COLLEGE.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire whether any legislation is
necessary to provide for the determination of any
oloction eontestfahich may arise in the Electoral Col-
lege, and report by bill or otherwise.
ADDITIONAL MEN FOR THE NAVY.
Mr. SCOPIELD, by unanimous consent,
presented a letter from the Secretary of the
Navy, recommending that authority be given
him to enlist fifteen- hundred men in addition
to the eighty-five hundred now allowed by law ;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
JAMES FLEMING.
Mr. SCOPIELD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (II. R. No. 597) for the relief
of James Fleming, a soldier in the war of 1812;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
STATUARY FOR THE, CAPITOL.
Mr. WHITTEMORE, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a joint resolution (H. R. No.
89) to enable the Secretary of the Interior to
contract with Fiske Mills for a group of stat-
uary for the south wing of the Capitol; which
was read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds,
and ordered to be printed.
REMOVAL Off DISABILITIES.
Mr. TILLMAN,by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 598) to relieve certain
persons therein named from the legal and polit-
ical disabilities imposed by the fourteenth arti-
cle of amendment of the Constitution of the
United States, and for other purposes; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Reconstruction.
ACCOUNTS OF ALFRED CALDWELL
Mr. DUVAL, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution ; which was read,
considered, and agreed to :
Iteaolved, That the Committeo on Foreign Affairs
bo and are instructed to inquiro into tho settlement
of the accounts of Alfred Caldwell, deceased, late
consul at Honolulu,* and if, in their opinion, the
estate of tho deceased is entitled to relief, that tho
committee report, by bill or otherwise.
CLARISSA TIUIIN.
Mr. O'NEILL, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. IS. No. 599) granting a pen-
sion to Clarissa Iluhn, widow of contract sur-
geon George Iluhn, late of the United States
Army; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
SARAII it. DICK.
Mr. O'NEILL also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. GOO) granting a
pension to Sarah R. Dick, mother of contract
surgeon George II. Dick, late of the United
States Army; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to tho Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
CLEVELAND WATER-WORKS.
Mr. UPSON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 601) declaring the con-
sent of Congress to the erection of a crib in
Lake Erie by the city of Cleveland for the
erection of an inlet for a water-works tunnel
about to be constructed by said city; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
WITHDRAWAL 01' PAPERS.
Mr. TYNER, by unanimous consent, asked ,,
and obtained leave to withdraw from the files jj
of the House the papers relating to the claim ij
of the estate of Alexander Wilson, deceased, ij
against the republic of Mexico. ; j
WASHINGTON AND GEORGETOWN RAILROAD.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Whereas it is alleged that the Washington and
Georgetown Railway Company, a corporation char-
tered by Congress and given valuable privileges and
franchises in the District of Columbia, has returned
in dividends to stockholders of said company their
originalinvestment and over fifty per eentin addition
thereto, beside acquiring several acres of valuable
property in tho District of Columbia, and has in
many respects violated its charter and failed for the
last few years to keep its ears in cleanly condition:
Therefore,
Resolved, That tho Committee for the District of
Columbia be, and i3 hereby, directed to inquire into
the expediency of the passage of a bill prohibiting
the said Washington and Georgetown Railway Com-
pany from collecting more fare from passengers than
five cents, as was originally provided in the act of
incorporation by which it acquired the right to occupy
Pennsylvania avenue and other streets and avenues
of Washington and Georgetown, and to report by bill
or otherwise.
METEOROLOGICAL OBSERVATIONS.
Mr. PAINE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. Li. No. fi02) to authorize the
Secretary of War to provide for taking meteor-
ological observations at all the military stations
in the interior of the continent, and for giving
notice on the northern lakes and the Atlantic
sea-board of the approach and force of storms;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed.
IMPROVEMENT OF KENOSIIA HARBOR.
Mr. PAINE, by unanimous consent, also
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 603) for the
improvement of the harbor of Kenosha, in the
State of Wisconsin ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
NINTH CENSUS.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I call for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of House bill No. 424,
to provide for taking the ninth census of the
United States, and to fix the number of the
members of the House of Representatives
and to provide for their future apportionment
among the several States, reported from the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union with sundry amendments, a portion of
which were disposed of yesterday.
The Clerk read as follows :
Strikeout the words "on pain of forfeiting $100,
to be sued for and recovered in an action of debt by
the superintendents- district superintendent, to tho
use of tho United States," and in lieu thereof insert
tho following: "and whoever shall willfully fail or
refuse shall, upon conviction thereof, forfeit and pay
a sum not exceeding $100so tho section will read:
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted. That each and
every person more than twenty years of age, belonging
to any family residing in any enumeration district,
and in easo of the absence of the heads and other
members of any such family, then any agent of such
family,shall be, and each of them hereby is, required,
if thereto requested by tho superintendent, district
superintendent, speei-.il deputy, or enumerator, to
render a true account, to tho best of his or her knowl-
edge, of every person belonging to such family, in
the various particulars required by law; and whoever
shall willfully fail or refuse shall bo guilty of a mis-
demeanor, and upon conviction thereof shall forfeit
and pay a sum not exceeding $100.
Mr. POTTER. I demand a separate vote
on that amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I understand
that my friend from New York only objects to
the words "be guilty of a misdemeanor, and,"
and if they be st.rn.-iren ontthe effectiveness of
the section will not be affected. I ask unani-
mous consent that they be stricken out.
There was no objection ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
The amendment of the Committee of the
W hole on the state of the Union, as amended,
was then concurred in.
The SPEAKER. It was the understanding
that the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farns-
worth] should have an opportunity to submit
his amendment in reference to the abolition ol
the franking privilege, and it is now in order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I submit the follow-
ing amendment:
Strike out the following:
The superintendent, his chief clerk, uisti-Kit ^uper-
