1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5265
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business has now commenced, and the Senator
from Ehode Island asks unanimous consent to
take up the bill indicated by him.
Mr. ANTHONY. I believe I have not asked
anything this session. I have been doing good-
natured things for everybody else; and if the
Senate will now take up this bill and dispose
of it, I shall be very much obliged to them.
It is House bill No. 2363.
Mr. DRAKE. What bill is that?
Mr. ANTHONY. The Colorado bill.
Mr. DRAKE. It has not yet been printed.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is similar, the same
bill that we have heretofore considered. It
passed tlie House with one amendment, which
is in the direction of meeting the objections
which the Senator from Missouri made to it.
I hope he will allow it to be taken up. I do
not expect him to vote for the bill; but I wish
he would allow it to come up.
Mr. DRAKE. I do not wish, the last thing
that I would wish would be to stand in the way
of the desires of the Senator from Rhode Island;
but, sir, here is a bill which I have been con-
strained to regard as of the most objectionable
character and I have objected to it heretofore.
H came here from the House of Representa-
tives, and yesterday morning it was ordered to
be printed. I do not find it upon my desk in
printed form.^ If it were here I should not
object to considering it; but, sir, when it has
not been printed and placed before us or re-
ferred to any committee of this body in the
shape in which it comes from the House of
Representatives, I do not think the Senator
from Rhode Island ought to insist upon taking
it up now.
Mr. ANTHONY. I cannot insist against
the objection of my friend from Missouri; but
I hope when I state to him what I am going to
state he will withdraw his objection. The bill,
as it comes from the House, as I understand,
is precisely as it was printed more than three
months ago, with certain amendments which
were made in the House, and which were made
in order to remove the objection which the
Senator from Missouri and two other Senators
had to the bill, and with another amendment
which was suggested by the chairman of the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad in this body.
AH of those amendments are entirely in the
direction of removing the objections which the
Senator from Missouri has to the bill, and I
believe that the bill does nothing more than to
allow a dozen men to do what any one of them
would have the right to do himself.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Missouri object ?
Mr. DRAKE. I must object to it until the
bill is printed and on the tables of Senators;
and then I shall withdraw the objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is
made, and petitions and memorials are now in
order.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. PATTERSON presented a petition of
citizens of Manchester, New Hampshire, sol-
diers in the late war, praying the passage of
House bill No. 1910 for equalizing bounties,
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
Mr. NYE. I move to take up Senate bill
No. 401.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent before the morning business is
concluded.
Mr. SUMNER. I have a petition 
Mr. PATTERSON. I desire to make a
report from a committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New Hampshire has risen with a report, which
is in the nature of an objection. Petitionsand
memorials are still in order.
Mr. SUMNER. I present a petition of
citizens of Memphis, Tennessee, representing
that for the further elevation and welfare of
their race, they believe it necessary to organize
41st Cong. 2d Suss.—No. HBO.
an association under the name of the "Amer-
ican Lincoln Associationand they ask that
Congress will take notice of it and give them
an act of incorporation. I move the refer-
ence of this petition to the Committee on the
Library.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a petition of citizens
of Minnesota, praying for the abolition of the
duty on tea and coffee and the reduction of the
duty on sugar and molasses; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petitions of
George C. Cabell and of R. H. B. Day, of Vir-
ginia, praying for the removal of their political
disabilities ; which were referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. SHERMAN presented the memorial of
the Cincinnati Chamber of Commerce, in favor
of granting aid to the Southern Pacific railroad
by way of El Paso; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
withdrawal OF papers.
On motion of Mr. OSBORN, it was
Ordered, That Mrs. Sarah Hutchins have leave to
withdraw the papers in the matter of her claim from
the files of the Senato.
On motion of Mr. SCOTT, it was
Ordered, That Ward B. Burnett bo permitted to
withdraw tho papers accompanying his petition,
which was referred to the Committee oil Claims.
amendments to appropriation bill.
Mr. COLE. I wish to give notice that I
shall move as an amendment to the bill (H. R.
No. 2165) making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending J"une 30, 1871, and for other purposes,
the substance of the bill (S. No. 905) to extend
Winder's building for the use of the War De-
partment ; which I ask to be referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so
referred.
Mr. RICE, Mr. SCHURZ, and Mr. AN-
THONY submitted amendments intended to
be proposed to the bill (H. R. No. 2165) mak-
ing appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of the Government for the year ending June
00, 1871, and for other purposes; which were
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
brazil steamship company.
Mr. PRATT. The Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2244)
for the relief of tho Brazil Steamship Company,
have directed me to report it back and recom-
mend its passage without amendment, except
a change in tho title of the bill. I ask the
unanimous consent of the Senate to put the
bill on its passage now.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It authorizes the Secretary of
the Treasury to refund to the United States
and Brazil Steamship Company all sums here-
tofore collected at the custom-house at New
York city by way of tonnage taxes upon the
vessels of the company employed in mail ser-
vice between the United States and Brazil,
under the provisions of the act of 28th May,
1864, entitled "An act authorizing the estab-
lishment of ocean mail steamship service be-
tween the United States and Brazil," notwith-
standing that such sums were paid without due
legal protest and appeal; but satisfactory evi-
dence is to be produced to the Secretary that
at the time the taxes were imposed the ves-
sels were in Brazil specially exempted from
similar exactions to which other vessels were
in the ports of that country liable.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed ; and its title was
amended so as to read : " A bill for the relief
of the United States and Brazil Mail Steam-
ship Company."
reports of committees.
Mr. PA.TTERSON, from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, to whom the subject was
referred, submitted a report accompanied by
a joint resolution (S. R. No. 242) relative to
the steamship Meteor. The joint resolution
was read, and passed to a second reading;
and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. ABBOTT, from the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 1019) incorporating branches of
the contemplated Southern Transcontinental
Railway Company, under the name and stylo
of the Western North Carolina Extension
Railway Company, reported it with amend-
ments.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 2094) for the relief of Mrs. M. S.
Morse, administratrix and widow of Isaac E.
Morse, deceased, submitted an adverse report
thereon; which was ordered to be printed;
and he moved the indefinite postponement of
the bill; which was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, reported a further
amendment to the joint resolution (S. R. No.
207) authorizing the Postmaster General to
continue to use in the postal service a certain
invention and device for the post-marking of
mail packages and for the more permanent
cancellation of postage stamps, and to make a
just and equitable compensation for the past
and future use of the same by the Post Office
Department, accompanied by a report; which
was ordered to be printed.
laws of idaiio.
Mr. SCHURZ. The Committee on Terri-
tories have directed me to withdraw the amend-
ments which that committee reported to the
bill (H. R. No. 1803) to disapprove of certain
acts of the Legislative Assembly of Idaho Ter-
ritory, and for other purposes, and to ask the
unanimous consent of the Senate to consider
the bill immediately.
Mr. SUMNER. That bill ought to pass.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Missouri, from the Committee on
Territories, asks unanimous consent to con-
sider the bill indicated by him. It will be
reported, subject to objection.
The Chief Clerk read the bill. It proposes
to disapprove and annul so much of the reve-
nue laws passed by the Legislative Assembly
of the Territory of Idaho, January 13, 1869, as
provides for a special license, or tax, to be
collected of or paid by Chinamen, or persons
of the Mongolian race, who may be engaged in
mining, or hold mining claims in the Territory,
and so much of all other laws of the Territory
as discriminate between persons of that race
and other persons in regard to taxation. It also
proposes to disapprove and annul the act passed
by the Legislative Assembly of the Territory on
the 15th of January, 1869, entitled "An act
creating the office of district attorney for each
county in this Territory, and defining their
duties and providing for their compensation."
It also disapproves and annuls all acts and
parts of acts heretofore passed by the Legisla-
tive Assembly of the Territory that provide for
the payment of salaries or extra compensation
out of the territorial treasury to officers hold-
ing commissions by Federal appointment in the
Territory, or which provide any compensation
to the members of the Legislative Assembly,
or the clerks, or attaches thereof, other than
that paid by the United States; and the Legis-
lative Assembly is prohibited from making any
appropriation from the treasury j_f the Terri-
tory to any such officers or persons, under any
pretense of adding to or increasing their com-
pensation as fixed by the United States.
The VICE PRESIDENT, ts there objec-
tion to the present consideration of the bill?
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask the Senator from
Missouri to allow it to lie over until to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California objects. The bill is not, therefore,
before the Senate.
