1490
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
and this appropriation of $15,000 which is
asked for is to enable the Commissioner to col-
lect statistics which are of no practical good
whatever.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SARGENT. I withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. ROOTS. I renew the amendment to
the amendment. Allusions have been made
in this discussion to the Freedmen's Bureau,
as though that had something to do with this
subject. Why, certainly no sane man can
think this has any connection with that much-
abused institution. But I do not propose to
discuss that now at all; this is neither the
place nor the time. The Freedmen's Bureau
needs no vindication from me. It has per-
formed a great, humane, and beneficial work.
And that work being accomplished, I shall be
found among the moBt willing to vote for the
entire and complete termination of its official
existence. But that has nothing at all to do
with this discussion, and I do feel a great
desire for the adoption of this measure pro-
posed by the Committee on Education.
The objection has been raised that the appro-
priation proposed is not a sufficient sum of
money to educate all the children in the United
States. No advocate of this measure thinks
that it is. The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Beck] who has just taken his seat says it is
for the various States to farnish the means of
education to their own children. We admit
that. We do not expect that this miserable
pittance of $14,500 will accomplish that; but
we do expect that the money may be properly
expended in securing and disseminating inform-
ation as to the best means of education with
the least cost, and thus saving millions of
dollars to the nation and to the States. No
one supposes or has suggested that the money
is to be expended directly in the education of
children; but we do suppose that by the expend-
iture of this small sum millions.of dollars may
be saved by the diffusion of valuable informa-
tion as to how to produce and conduct this edu-
cation. If I had known that this subject was
coming up to-day I could have brought from
my room here testimonials from men engaged
in educational pursuits all over the southern
country to the valueofthe labors of this bureau,
and urging that it shall be maintained and
fostered. The political party which so long
held power in the South, that power being based
upon slavery, made it a criminal offense for
any of its laborers to be taught to read. That
has failed; that dynasty has been overturned,
and free schools have now been established
there. But wherever that sam6 party has again
come into ptiwer, the resurrection of the old feel-
ings, or something else, his impelled them to
make efforts to strike down the free-school sys:
tem. Now, I think every man here, on both
sides of the House, who desires the prosper-
ity of the nation should unite in making this
D epartment of Education a national institution,
in order to proitoote ais far as possible by that
means the establishment of free schools all
over the United States. Let us make the edu-
cation of all the people of the land not merely
the aim or effort bT any political party, but
induce a desire for and love of education in
all. Let the fostering of education become a
fixed principle of the national Government.
Political dynasties are constantly changing, the
majority party of one reign is the minority
party of another, and that should make every
patriot and lover, of his country aealous to
make our'EducationalDepartmentan objectfor
national boast, nationial honor, and national
pride.
It has been said by some gentlemen here
that this, Department of Education is a hum-
bug. Sir, those who have made the subject
of education a study say that it is the entire
antipodes of a humbug; that you cannot esti-
mate in dollars and cents the value of this
most beneficial institution in its influence
upon the country, even with the meager ap-
propriation it has heretofore enjoyed. The
people of the North want it, because they want
something to aid them in making their free
schools the cheapest and most beneficial among
them. The people of the South want it for
the same purpose, and also want it in order to
promote and foster there a desire for free
schools and free education of all the children
of the land, rich and poor, high and low. Let
us remember that these children of to-day are
at the same time the nation's wards and the
nation's jewels, and a few years hence they
will fill our own and higher places, and be the
nation's guardians and the nation's rulers.
But we no more expect that this Department
of Education shall actually educate the chil-
dren of this country than we expect our Agri-
cultural Department to itself produce all the
agricultural products of the country. We do,
however, expect the Agricultural Department
to make the agricultural interest of the coun-
try more profitable and beneficial than it would
be otherwise, so that each dollar expended in
that pursuit shall produce more wealth and
power to the country. That is what we expect
the Educational Department to do. I should
myself be in favor of a larger appropriation
even. But since only $14,500 is asked, it does
seem to me that no man should vote against it,
unless he fears the education of his own con-
stituents.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LAWRENCE. I rise for the purpose
of opposing the amendment now pending
before the committee. I do not doubt the con-
stitutional power of Congress to maintain a
bureau of education, because it be may neces-
sary as a means of gathering information to
enable Congress to legislate properly for all
the great and varied interests of the country.
But it will be perceived that the bureau of
education contemplated by this amendment is
not designed to furnish education in any of the
States. I do not doubt the constitutional power
of Congress in a certain contingency to go into
the States and establish schools there, wherever
it may be necessary by that means to guaranty
to those States republican forms of government.
The power to guaranty a republican form of
government carries with it the power to pre-
serve that form of government. And if, in
the judgment of Congress, common schools are
proper means for preserving a republican form
of government, we may reach into the States ;
ana establish common schools there, liut when
we shall do that I shall insist that the expense ■
of maintaining such common schools shall be ,
imposed upon the States for whose benefit wo 1
shall thns interfere, and that the common peo- j
pie of the United States shall not be taxed for j
the establishment of schools in any particular j
State.
It will be seen, however, that the proposi- ;
tion now before the Committee of the Whole
is not one to furnish schools for the people of
any State or States, bat it is to maintain a
Bureau of Education in Washington. And for
what ? Will any gentleman tell mo what good
this bureau has heretofore accomplished, which
could not just as well have been accomplished
without it t All the information it has gathered,
or will gather hereafter, if it shall be con-
tinued, will be accessible by other means. It
is not necessary, therefore, to guide us in our
legislative duties. Then why, in. the present
financial condition of the country, with this
great national debt resting upon us, with taxa- j
tion not yet diminished to tho extent which the j
people of the country have a right to expect j
and demand, why should we continue to 1
impose burdens upon the people which are
entirely unnecessary for any purpose of legis-
lation ?
If it be said that it is necessary for us to have
a bureau of education here, 1 would thank
some gentleman to tell us for what purpose;
Cui bono? What good will it accomplish?
What information can it obtain that we cannot :
obtain from other resources accessible to Con-
gress and to all the Departments of the Gov-
ernment?
I trust that this Committee of the Whole
will go on in that line of retrenchment which
has been so well inaugurated, and that we will
not put this additional, and it seems to me
unnecessary expense upon the people of this
country.
As a means of instructing the people, tli-
bureau of education has no efficacy. All the
statistics it can gather are accessible with-
out it.
If any gentleman will show me that any State
neglects the education of all its children I will
go as far as he who goes the furthest to estab-
lish schools through the agency of which all
may be educated. Republican government
cannot be maintained unless all the people are
educated. We have power to maintain repub-
lican government, and as incident to this, to
establish schools as a means to that end, if any
State fails to provide the means of education.
But before we interfere the failure of a State
should be shown: and then, and not till then,
will our power be properly called into exer-
cise, and then it should be at the expense of
the people of the State for whose benefit we
may legislate.
I know the result which is to follow if this
bureau is maintained. Not $15,000 only, but
millions will be expended from the common
treasure of the nation for the benefit of partic-
ular States, and my constituents will be taxed
to support schools for other States. I warn
gentlemen here that this cannot endure, and I
am not to be driven from the purpose I have
in view by any denunciations or reproaches
that 1 am denying the means of education.
Mr. HOAR. The Committee on Appro-
priations, as their chairman [Mr. Dawes] in-
formed the House the other day, were divided
in opinion as to the expediency of abolishing
the bureau of education. The distinguished
chairman and some other members of that
committee differed with the gentleman who last
addressed the House, [Mr. Lawrence.] We
have the right, therefore, to ask this Committee
of the Whole to exercise its own intelligence
and independent judgment upon the matter.
The simple question is this: whether gen-
tlemen are willing to give for the dissemina-
tion of educational information to the new
South, and for assistance to that section, in
educating its heretofore degraded people, one
tenth part of the sum which wo expend annu-
ally for the advancement of the agricultural
interests of the country; whether we are willing
to expend for the development and cultivation
of brains a tenth part of the sum which we
have this year voted for the distribution of
turnip-seed. [Laughter.]
Now, Mr. Chairman, there is one fact which
answers the question put by the gentleman
from Ohio. A gentleman who was formerly
the most persistent enemy of this Department
in this- House went abroad as minister to one
of the most cultivated of foreign nations; and
one of his first official acts was to write homd
to this much-abused bureau of education for
information which would enable the emperor
ol'France to improve the educational system
of that country. Yet this House is hesitating
whether South Carolina and Arkansas and
other States needing educational facilities
shall receive aid in that direction from the
General Government.' When the Represent-
atives of "these newly-enfranchised people
stand here; as do my friend from Tennessee
[Mr. Aknell] and my friend from Arkansas,
[Mr. Roots,] crying out to us to aid in giving
to their people the same encouragement which
our own States have received in the past, I
say that the Congress which would be deaf to
that cry ought to go down, and, in my judg-
ment, will go down in history with infamy and
contempt,
Mr. Chairman, I can make another answer
to the question which has been asked. Within
the last ten years there has beeD a revolution
