2434
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
to use the brown sugars. The effect of this will
be to cut off the importation of the sugars that
are so used, and none will go into consumption
except what is produced in Louisiana. This,
I think, is unfair to the consumers of the coun-
try, and is a protection to the refiners of the
country, which is demanded by no considera-
tion of justice. I do not sec that any interest
will be justly promoted by the classification
fixed upon by the Committee of Ways and
Means.
The proposition of Mr. Moses Taylor, th®
importer, would unquestionably, in my judg-
ment, bring a greater amount of revenue to
the country than any other which has been
proposed, but it would be unjust to the refiners.
As long as we have a duty upon sugars at all,
in my opinion there ought to be a distinction;
but the experience of the country and the testi-
mony of all impartial witnesses satisfies me and
must satisfy the country that a difference of
half a cent a pound between the raw sugars
imported for refining and the clarified sugars
that go into the general consumption of the
country is a sufficient protection to the refin-
ers, and that a departure from it would be
exclusively in the interest of the refiners and
against the great body of the consumers of the
country. For that reason 1 shall oppose it and
support the amendment of the gentleman from
Iowa, [Mr. Allison.] I do not concode that
the gentleman from Louisiana [Mr. Sheldon]
is correct in his statement. The great compe-
tition with the sugars of Louisiana comes from
the immense quantities of coarse sugars brought
in for the purpose of refining. They go into
the general consumption of the country and do
come in competition with the sugars of Louisi-
ana as much as any other sugars do. 1 do not
see that wo should do justice either to the pro-
ducers of Louisiana or to the refiners or to the
great body of the consumers of the country by
departing from the existing classification. The
reduction of the duty on raw sugars to 2 cents
a pound will be in the interest of consumers,
unless we change the classification and put the
second class up to 3 cents a pound, and then
the reduction will be in the interest of the re-
finers and not of the consumers. We would
strike off $8,000,000or $10,000,QOOof revenue,
and the great body of the people would get no
advantage from it. That would be the effect
of it, as I conceive.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. I withdraw
the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 renew it. This seems to
be running into a debate—not as sweet as sitgar
ought to be—as between the refiners aud others.
Now, I desire to say that I have not the per-
sonal acquaintance of any refiner on earth and
i do not care a copper for any one as a refiner.
Iam not much betteraequainted with importers,
and do not care a copper for them as importers.
I do not think this ought to be a struggle be-
tween the importers on the one side and the
refiners on the other. It ought to be simply a
question of justice to American interests, hav-
ing in view revenue, and having in view also
the interests that arc invested in this business
in our own country. Now, there has been no
reply made whatever to the argument which I
submitted first this morning, and I will repeat
it briefly to see if there can be any reply to it.
By the plan proposed by the Committee of
Ways and Means, we put all raw sugars down
to 2 cents a pound, and we put the next class
above that, clarified sugars, at 3 cents.
The gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Allison"]
proposes to reduce 3 cents to 2J cents, because
he says that half a cent, difference is all that
is asked. Well, I admit that half a cent dif-
ference was all that was asked when they pro-
posed four different grades, beginning at 2,
2.J, 3, and 3J. But that is not what we have
done. We have settled the question that all
raw sugars shall come in at 2 cents a pound,
and the question now is what duty will you
put on the next above raw sugars. We pro-
pose 3 cents; the gentleman from Iowa pro-
poses 2J cents. The argument has not been
answered, resulting from these facts, that if you
do that you offer a bounty to the foreigner to
refine sugar abroad and bring it here in that
condition, and I defy a reply to that argument
founded upon the fact itself. Let me repeat.
We propose that raw sugar shall come in at
2 cents a pound. A hundred pounds of raw
sugar refined will lose 27 per cent.—bo re-
duced to 73 pounds. A duty of 2 cents on
100 pounds is $2; 2J cents on 78 pounds is
$1 82i. If the amendment of the gentleman
from Iowa prevails it is simply saying to the
foreigner, "Do not bring your sugars in raw,
for if you do wo will charge you $2 on every
100 jiounds. But do you use foreign labor
and foreign capital and refine the sugar, and
the 73 pounds you get out of it you shall bring
inforgl 82£. That is, we will give you a bonus
of 17i cents for doing the business abroad,
instead of having the business done here by
American industry. But we will go further.
We will encourage you to do this work your-
self, because you will thereby save freight on
27 pounds, and would only have to pay freight
on 73 pounds instead of 100; and in addition
to that you will get all the molasses that you
get out of the raw sugar, whatever that may
be worth, to be imported into the United
States, or to bo used by yourself, or to bo sent
elsewhere."' Therefore, if you come down to
2.J cents duty per pound upon clarified sugar,
when yon have reduced the duty on all raw
sugar to 2 cents per pound, you will be offering
a bounty for having this business done abroad.
Now, what will he the effect if you take the
proposition of the Committee ot' Ways and
Means? The committee propose to put the
tariff on all raw sugars down to 2 cents per
pound; then to put clarified sugar at 3 cents
per pound. The effect of that will be that the
duty of 3 cents per pound upon the 73 pounds
when refined, if the foreigner chooses to refine
it himself, will amount to $2 19; and the com-
mittee think it better to give the advantage of
19 cents to the American manufacturer in order
to induce him to bring in the sugar in the raw
state and to refine it hero rather than give a
bonus of 17i cents, with the advantage upon
the molasses and freight, &c., to tho manufac-
turer abroad. I do not care whether members
are in favor of the protection of American in-
dustry or not; they at least do not want to offer
a bounty to foreigners to do that which Ameri-
cans can do. We propose to give a little bonus
and advantage to cover the expense, trouble,
risk, investment, capital,andindustry employed
by our own citizens. But those on the other
side propose, instead, to put this in such a con-
dition that it will afford a "bonus to foreigners
to carry on this business abroad.
The gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Allison,]
leaving this, advances to another portion of the
bill, and speaks about the definition of clari-
fied sugar given by the committee. What is
that definition? It is, " that all sugar other
than refined stove-dried which has in the pro-
cess of manufacture been advanced in quality
above No. 12 Dutch standard in color, by being
boiled, or crystallized in a vacuum pan, or
clayed, or liquored in molds, or purged in cen-
trifugal machines, or by vacuum process, or
filtered through bone-black or its equivalent,
shall be regarded as clarified sugar." The
committee have prepared an amendment which
will be proposed when that portion of the bill
shall be reached, to strike out the words "in
the process of manufacture." And I think we
should go further, and in place of those words
insert "in a process subsequent to the original
manufacture," for I wish to encourage people
at home and abroad to make the sugar as fine
as possible by the one continuous process. If
they will boil it in vacuum pans, as they do in
the manufacture of the sugar itself—not by a
refining process, nor by a clarifying process,
but at the sugar-houses—I would permit that,
and encourage it to be done, so as to give the
people as fine sugar as possible at a duty of 2
cents per pound. I would accomplish that by
encouraging people abroad as well as at home
not to bring their sugar into this country nntil
it has gone through a vacuum process, pro-
vided that vacuum process be at the sugar-
house, as a part of the original manufacture.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BURCHARD. I desire to ask the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
[Mr. Scmsck] if he is quite sure that the
amount of waste in 100 pounds of raw sugar
is 27 pounds, and the amount of sugar derived
from refining that amount of raw sugar is 73
pounds? Because if he is, then under the
present tariff, under which the refiners now
seem to be doing very well, refining as it is
said more than 90 per cent, of all sugar that
is imported, under the present tariff there is
the same discrimination of 32 cents on every
100 pounds that are imported. That is, if you
import 100 pounds of raw sugar under the
present tariff at 3 cents per pound you would
pay more than if you imported the refined
sugar and molasses that so much raw sugar
would yield. That is, by these figures 100
pounds of the raw sugar would make 73
pounds of refined or clarified sugar. There
would be, it is said, about 20 pounds of mo-
lasses. Thus tho duty on this quantity would
be $2 08. In other words, the sugar imported
in its raw state with the molasses in it would
pay 32 cents more than if the refined sugar and
the molasses were imported separately. Hence,
I conclude that there must be a mistake in the
figures, because I find that during last year the
quantity of raw sugar imported amounted to
$43,047,275 89; that the quantity of sugar
paying the duty of 3} cents per pound amounted
to $3,392,448 2G, and the imported sugar
paying a duty of 4 cents amounted only to
$779,862 G2.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will state to the gen-
tleman that this is not the class of sugar that
comes in between No. 12 and No. "15 Dutch
standard.
Mr. BORCHARD. What is it?
Mr. MAYNARD. The clarified sugar we arc
now speaking of.
Mr. BURCHARD. The clarified sugar, as
I understand, is according to this bill embraced
in two definitions ; firet,, that above No. 12 and
not above No. 15; and second, that above No.
15 and not above No. 20.
Mr. MAYNARD. We have abolished the
discrimination as to sugar between No. 12 and
No. 15 Dutch standai-d, allowing that class of
clarified sugar to come in at the lowest rate.
The clarified sugars of which we are speaking
are sugars of a higher grade.
Mr. BURCHARD. Certainly; that is just
what I say, that the two definitions in this bill
include classes of clarified sugar which under
tho present law are embraced in one definition.
Mr. MAYNARD. Under the one definition
of raw sugar?
Mr. BURCHARD. Does that definition
include sugar above No. 12?
Mr. MAYNARD. Certainly.
Mr. BURCHARD. And sugar between No.
12 and No. 15?
Mr. MAYNARD. Certainly.
Mr. BURCHARD. I think the gentleman
is very much mistaken.
Mr. MAYNARD. The definition in the pres-
ent bill is " on all raw and Muscovado sugars,"
whether below or above No. 12, no matter how
high they may go, " and on all other sugars;"
that is, sugars which have been put through a
process of manufacture, "not above No. 12
Dutch standard." The raw sugars and the
manufactured sugars not above No. 12 Dutch
standard are all permitted to come in at the
uniform rate of 2 cents a pound, no matter of
how high a grade they may be. „
Mr. BURCHARD. I would ask the gentle-
man under what definition those sugars are
imported?
Mr. MAYNARD. They areimported mostly
