4322
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
The SPEAKER. Under those circum-
stances the Chair will recall his recognition
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes ;] but the Chair understood the gentle-
man to have terminated his remarks. The
Chair asks the gentleman from California if
he yielded to the gentleman from Ohio before
the Chair recognized the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts ?
Mr. SARGENT. I do ; I say so distinctly.
I yield to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Bingham.]
The SPEAKER. Then that settles the
question.
Mr. BINGHAM^ I appeal to the gentle-
man from California to be good_ enough to
consider, before the previous question is called,
thepropi'iety of accepting an amendment which
I offer m place of his own.
Mr. SARGENT, i will hear it read.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask that it be read for
the information of the House, and then I ask
to be heard for a few moments upon it.
The Clerk read Mr. Bingiiam's proposition,
as follows:
Resolved, That Mr. Smith, now at the bar of the
House of Representatives, be required at twelve
o'clock m. to-morrow to appear at tho bar of this
House and disclose tho mirno of tho person or per-
sons who gave him the official documents or affidavit
referred to in his answer road in the hearing of the
ilouso this day.
Mr. FARNSWOltTH. That only postpones
the matter.
Mr. SARGENT. I cannot yield for that.
The SPEAKER. That resolution would be
a privileged question, but could not be enter-
tained pending a resolution with two amend-
ments thereto.
Hr.,BINGHAM. I am quite aware of that,
but I appeal to the gentleman to allow me to
offer the resolution.
Mr. SARGENT. I call the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. HOAR. I desire to ask that before the
House votes the two articles from the Evening
Post shall be read again, for information.
Mr. ALLISON. Does that require unani-
mous consent?
The SPEAKER. It does.
Mr. ALLISON. Then I object.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to lay this whole sub-
ject on the table.
The question was taken on tho motion to lay
on tho table, and it was not agreed to, upon a
division—ayss 89, noes 10G.
The question recurred upon the amendment
moved by Mr. Farnswoutii to the amendment
moved by Mr. Sargent to tho resolution of
Mr. Cox.
The amendment of Mr. Faknswortii was to
make the resolution read as follows :
liaolval. That (lie ehargoand resolution of expul-
sion against W. Scott Smith, tho prisoner at tile bar
of tho House, bo roferrcd to a, select committee of
five members, to bo appointed by the Speaker, who
'shall have power to send for persons and papers and
to examino witnesses under oath, and may report at
any timo.
The question \va3 taken ; and the amend-
ment to the amendment was agreed to, upon
a division—ayes 112, noes 22.
The amendment, as amended, was then
agreed to; and the resolution, as amended,
was adopted.
Mr. FARNSWORTII moved to reconsider
tiie vote by which the resolution as amended
was adopted ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The person at the bar of
the House is no longer in the custody of the
House.
Mr. SARGENT. I hope he will be admon-
ished to go and sin no more.
kansas claims.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. I ask unanimous
consent to enter a motion to reconsider the
vote by which a bill (H. R. No. 2176) author-
izing the appointment of a commissioner and
the settlement of certain claims of citizens
of Kansas, was referred to the Committee of
Claims.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
was laid upon the table yesterday.
joseph f. finch and company.
Mr. NEGLEY, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 2181) for the relief
of Joseph E. Finch & Co., of Pittsburg, Penn-
sylvania ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Claims.
trustees op a. o. sloo.
Mr. COX, by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 2182) for the relief of the
trustees of A. G. Sloo ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
artificial limesfokdisabled seamen, etc.
Mr. NEGLEY, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 2183) to provide arti-
ficial limbs for disabled seamen and marines;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to tho Committee onNaval Affairs, andordered
to be printed.
takino census of 18g0.
Mr. BUCK. I ask unanimous consent to
have taken from the Speaker's table a Senate
bill in relation to compensation for taking the
census of 1800, in order that it may be referred
to the Committee of Claims.
No objection was made ; and accordingly
Senate bill No. 99, to pay loyal citizens in the
States lately in rebellion for services in taking
the United States census of 1860, was taken up,
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee of Claims.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
various votes this morning by which bills, &c.,
have been referred or recommitted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider belaid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message prom tiie senate.
A message from+he Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
its Secretary, informed the Ilouse that the
Senate had passed, without amendment, a bill
of the House of the following title :
A bill (H. R. No. 2005) exempting from taxes
certain property in the District of Columbia,
and to amend an act to provide for the creation
of corporations in the District of Columbia by
general law.
The message further informed the House
that the Senate had passed, with amend-
ments, in which the concurrence of the House
was requested, a bill of the House of the fol-
lowing title:
Abill (II. R. No.1169) making appropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty stip-
ulations (so called) with various Indian tribes
for theyear ending June 30,1871, and for other
purposes.
indian appropriation bill.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask unanimous consent
that the Indian appropriation bill, with the
amendments made thereto by the Senate, just
received by the House, be referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed.
No objection was made ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
election in op.eoon.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. As a matter of
public interest, and to relieve a very general
suspense on the part of members of this House,
I send to the Clerk's desk and ask to have read
a dispatch I have just received from the Demo-
cratic Governor-elect of the State of Oregon.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I think 1 must
object. [Laughter.]
. <■
The Clerk read as follows:
Salem, Oregon, June 9,1870.
Hon. J. S. Smith : .
Have carried everything. Uot Legislature by
twelve majority, sure. . L. P. GROVEIt. /-
[The reading of the dispatch was greeted
with applause on the Democratic side of the
House.]
legislative appropriation bill.
Mr. DAWES. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations to report back to this
House the amendments of the Senate to House
bill No. 974, making appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of
the Government for the year ending the 80th
of June, 1871, with a recommendation that
sundry of the amendments be concurred in,
and that others be non-concurred in. I ask
unanimous consent that these amendments be
now considered in the House as in Committee
of the Whole, and after general debate for forty
minutes the discussion shall be carried on
under the five-minutes rule.
No objection being made, it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. DAWES. I will detain tho House for
a few moments by an explanation which it is
possible may save time in the discussion of
these amendments.
This bill, it will be recollected, was the first
of the general appropriation bills reported by
the Committee on Appropriations to this House.
It was reported on the 24th day of January
last. It was reported at a time when the House
felt a pressure upon it to adhere to as rigid a
rule of economy as the public service would
permit. The committee, feeling this pressure
in common with other members of the House,
had succeeded after patient labor, as was the:;
stated to the House, in bringing in a bill appro-
priating somewhat less than the estimates that
had been submitted for the various items.
The House, with remarkable unanimity, sus-
tained the committee, except, I think, in two
cases. Against the earnest opposition of the
committee the House added to the bill an
appropriation of $91,000 for a mint at Carson
City; and it also reduced below what the com-
mittee deemed practicable, the appropriation
for public documents from $80,000 to $10,000,
under a belief then existing that the abolition
of the franking privilege was near at hand. As
that hope has faded away, the committee have
been obliged to recommend a restoration of
the original amount.
The bill, as it left the House, appropriated
just about the amount that has been recom-
mended by the committee. After an absence of
three or four months it is returned to this body
with two hundred and fifty-six amendments,
all of them, with two or three exceptions,
adding to the amounts appropriated by the
House. I propose to call attention specially
to only three or four of these amendments,
in order that the House may express its judg-
ment upon them before they go to a committee
of conference. The Committee on Appropria-
tions did not feel it best, under the circum-
stances, and when the House has plenty of
time before it, to do what is sometimes done—
ask the House to non-concur informally in all
the amendments and send the whole to a com-
mittee of conference, composed of three men
from each branch, to settle the serious ques-
tions involved in these amendments.
They are not entirely amendments involving
the expenditure of money. The rules of the
Senate permit the introduction of independent
legislation into an appropriation bill-; and while
there is a large addition to the expenditures,
there is also embraced in the amendments inde-
pendent legislation of such a character that the
Committee on Appropriations did not feel at
liberty to bind the question up in a report of a
conference committee, to which no amendment
could be adopted by the House, and which
would probably be considered under such cir-
