5266
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. LEWIS, I ask the Senate to take up
Senate bill No. 597.
The VICE PRESIDENT. What is the title
of the bill?
Mr. LEWIS. A bill to authorize the author-
ities of the city of Washington, District of
Columbia, to indorse the bonds of the South-
ern Maryland Railroad Company.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unani-
mous consent at this time. Is there objection ?
Mr. NYE. I object.
FREEHOLD LAND AND EMIGRATION COMPANY.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator from Mis-
souri [Mr. Drake] has consented to withdraw
his objection to taking up the bill which I asked
the Senate to take up a moment ago. It has
been before us a good while, and I do not think
it will lead to discussion, I shall be very much
obliged to the Senate if they will take it up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Rhode Island asks the unanimous consent of
the Senate to take up the bill (H. R. No. 2363)
to incorporate the United States Freehold
Land and Emigration Company, and to con-
firm certain legislation in Colorado Territory.
Mr. MeCREERY. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Kentucky object?
Mr. ANTHONY. I am sure my friend from
Kentucky does not object.
Mr. McCREERY. I have no objection to
the bill; but I desire to offer some morning
business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is in the
nature of an objection.
Mr. ANTHONY. After the bill is up I will
give way for morning business. Is the bill
before the Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ It is not. The
Senator from Kentucky desires to present
morning business.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not understand the
Senator from Kentucky to object.
Mr. McCREERY. I do not object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objection
to proceeding to the consideration of the bill
indicated by the Senator from Rhode Island,
subject to the remaining morning business?
The Chair hears no objection, and it is before
the Senate, subject to the morning business.
richard p. hammond.
Mr. STEWART. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, to whom was referred
the joint resolution (S. R. No. 220) for the
relief of Richard P. Hammond, to report it with
an amendment, and to ask for its present con-
sideration. I presume there will be no objec-
tion at all lo it.
Mr. ANTHONY. I understand there is a
bill before the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is already
one bill before the Senate, subject to the in-
troduction of morning business, and the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island objects to any other
bill being taken up untilthat bill is disposed of.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator from Nevada
can call up his bill after this is disposed of.
rills introduced.
Mr. McCREERY. I ask leave to introduce
a bill fortlie relief of seventy five Kentuekians,
who pray to be relieved from their political
disabilities, and I hope that the courtesy of
the Senator from Rhode Island will induce
him to extend to me the privilege of asking
for its present consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky asks consent to introduce a bill for
the relief of seventy-five Kentuekians from
political disabilities, and asks for its present
consideration. Is there objection?
^ Mr. DRAKE. I wish to ask the Senator from
Kentucky one question with regard to that bill,
in order to enable me to decide whether I shall
object to its present consideration or not. I
wish to ask 1 he Senator from Kentucky whether
there are any men named ia that bill who have
heen holding office in the State of Kentucky in
defiance of the fourteenth amendment of the
Constitution of the United States?
Mr. McCREERY. I wish to make a very
short reply to the question of the Senator
from Missouri. I do not suppose that it is the
intention of this Senate to adopt at this time
a more stringent rule than they have adopted
heretofore in dealing with this class of cases. If
they have heretofore removed the political dis-
abilities of men holding political position at
the time, I do not suppose they will be inclined
now, because a man holds the office of con-
stable, sheriff, or coroner, to except him, when
they have extended the relief to others under
similar circumstances.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ Is there objec-
tion to the present consideration of the bill?
Mr. DRAKE. One word.
Mr. NYE. I hope the Senator will let it go.
Mr. POMEROY. I think the Senator from
Kentucky ought to be allowed to pass this bill.
Mr. DRAKE. I ask to say a few words. I
shall take less than half a minute. In the
State of Kentucky, I am told, there are large
numbers of men who have been holding offices
in defiance of the fourteenth amendment of the
Constitution until we passed an act to enforce
that amendment. As soon as we had passed
an act to enforce the amendment those men
come and ask us to remove their political dis-
abilities, so that they can go on and hold the
offices now that they have heretofore held in
defiance of the Constitution. As the Senator
from Kentucky does not choose to say that
there are no men's names who have done that
thing I object to its present consideration.
Mr. McCREERY. Mr. President  
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is ob-
jected to, and it is therefore not before the
Senate.
Mr. McCREERY. I move, with the concur-
rence of the Senator from Rhode Island, that
the Senate now proceed to the consideration
of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent, for two reasons :*first, because
the morning business is not yet concluded; and
second, because the Senate, by unanimous con-
sent, have agreed to take up another bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. As soon as the pending
bill is disposed of I shall not object to taking
up the bill of the Senator from Kentucky.
_ Mr. McCREERY. I move, then, that the
bill lie on the table for the present, and be
printed.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 1011) to relieve certain persons therein
named from the legal and political disabili-
ties imposed by the fourteenth amendment of
the Constitution of the United States, and for
other purposes, was read twice by its title, and
ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
Mr.THAYER asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1042) for the relief of Elbridge Gerry;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
fllKliHOLD LAND AND EMIGRATION COMPANY.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I ask the Senator from
Rhode Island to permit me to present a bill
for the removal of the political disabilities of
one person.
Mr. ANTHONY. I should be very happy
to oblige my friend from Virginia; but I have
been trying for tw® months to get up the bill
which is now before the Senate, and I wish to
have it passed, and then I will give way to any-
body for anything.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill taken
up by unanimous consent on the motion of
the Senator from Rhode Island is now before
the Senate.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No.
2363) to incorporate the United States Free-
hold Land and Emigration Company, and
to confirm certain legislation in Colorado Ter-
ritory.
Mr. DRAKE. I have felt it my duty hereto-
fore to object to the passage of this bill, and I
do not know that I ever did make an objection to
the passage of a bill with more reluctance than I
do to this. I simply wish now in a very few words
to submit to the Senate the grounds of objec-
tion that occur to me, and if, in the judgment
of the Senate, they are not valid, then, of
course, I shall have not a word further to say.
I recall to mind, sir, that shortly after 1 came
into the Senate I introduced here a bill to
charter an accident and life insurance company
in the District of Columbia, and the Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] and other Sen-
ators objected to it, and it was immediately
defeated—defeated upon the ground that the
corporators belonged in other sections of the
country, and that it was in reality not intended
to be a corporation in the District of Colum-
bia. It was objected then, and successfully
objected, that Congress should not go into this
business of making corporations indiscrimin-
ately.
Now, the proposition is to create a corpor-
ation in one of the Territories of the United
States which has by its organic law all the
powers to create corporations which Con-
gress deemed it expedient to give to it. This
is the beginning of a system of applications to
Congress to create corporations in the Terri-
tories, the necessity ot which no member of
Congress in either branch can understand or
comprehend.
Sir, I do not think that if Congress cannot
incorporate an insurance company in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, the corporators of which be-
long in the different States, it should be called
upon to create corporations in the Territories,
vested with the power of Government over their
own territory, vested with legislative authority
to create such corporations as the public need
demands there. 1 do not think that we should
assume the functions of creating these corpor-
ations in the dark, knowing nothing in reality
of the necessities of the case or of the proprie-
ties of creating them.
There is another objection to this bill. It
provides that the powers, privileges, and fran-
chises conferred on corporations by and under
the provisions of chapter eighteen of the revised
statutes of Colorado, or of any and all amend-
ments thereto, are hereby confirmed to and
invested in said corporation.
Sir, I say that there is probably not one Sen-
ator oil this floor who knows the extent and
scope of that clause in this bill. What powers,
what privileges, what franchises were conferred
on this corporation by that section in the laws
of Colorado and the acts amendatory thereof?
What are we confirming to and investing in this
corporation by this legislation?
Now, Mr. President, having stated candidly
my objections to this bill upon public grounds,
I submit the question to the Senate, and if it
is their desire to pass the bill of course I have
not a word further to say.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, I move to
amend the bill, on page 4, by striking out all
after the word "therefor," in line twenty-
seven, of section five, down to and including
the word "corporations," in line thirty-one.
I think that will obviate the chief objection of
the honorable Senator from Missouri.
The words proposed to be struck out were
read, as follows:
And the powers, privileges, and franchises con-
ferred on corporations by and under the provisions
of chapter eighteen of the revised statutes of Col-
orado, or of any and all amendments thereto, are
hereby confirmed to and invested in said corporation.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope that amendment
will not be made. The general incorporation
law of Colorado has not been disapproved by
Congress, and it is a valid law, Every cor-
poration in Colorado has all these privileges,
and we give this company nothing more than
what they have already. It amounts to noth-
ing more than that Congress declines to put
