1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4823
cumstances as would not enable the House to
understand thoroughly the relation of the dif-
ferent parts of the bill. We preferred to have
the House, in the first instance, pass specially
upon such amendments. Therefore, while as
to the main body of these amendments I pro-
pose to ask the House to non-concur, there are
some of the amendments upon which it is the
special desire of the committee to invoke the
judgment of the House before the question
shall go to a committee of conference.
Let me say, in general, that the most remark-
able feature of these amendments of the Senate
is that they introduce into an appropriation
bill at this stage of the session, and at this
period of the present Administration, a system-
atic increase of salaries. Almost by a general
and uniform system, salaries at the other end
of the Capitol are increased. We are asked
to concur in this system with reference to offices
which have been held at the present salaries
for a long time, which were so held during the
war, when gold was sometimes at 200 and over;
when all the expenses of living were double and
treble what they now are.
The salaries proposed to be increased were
not deemed insufficient during past Adminis-
trations. Yet, in thefirstyear of a new Admin-
istration, in the first general appropriation bill
in that Administration—in other words, at the
earliest possible period of this new Adminis-
tration—we are asked to make this increase,
although the war is over, although the expenses
of living have diminished, although gold and
paper are nearer an equality than they have
been for years, although many of the offices
are occupied by new men who have voluntarily
accepted them with a full knowledge of the
compensation, although some of the offices to
which the increase applies have been created
within the last six months with their compens-
ation fixed, and have been sought earnestly
and actively, to the shaking almost of the peace
of the nation, by the men who now hold them.
Under these circumstances we are called upon
to say that we find it utterly impossible to carry
on the Government without a general increase
of the compensation of all these officials.
In this bill, Mr. Speaker, the salaries of
the following officers arc raised: the Chief
Justice of the Supreme Court of the United
States increased $3,500; nine associate Jus-
tices, $18,000; nine circuit judges, $22,500;
chief justice of supreme court ot the District
of Columbia, $1,000; forty-six district judges,
$61,500; five judges of the Court of Claims,
$5,000; three associate judges of the supreme
court of the District of Columbia, $3,000 ;
two Assistant Secretaries of State,$1,000; two
Assistant Secretaries of the Treasury, $1,000;
one Assistant Secretary of the Interior, $500 ;
three Assistant Postmasters General, $1,500 ;
six Auditors in the Treasury Department,
$6,000; Second Comptroller, $l,000j Com-
missioner of Customs, $1,000 ; Register ot
the Treasury, 3^)000 j solicitor oi the lreas-
ury, $500; supervising architect, $1,000;
Commissioner of Pensions, $1,000 ; Commis-
sioners of Indian Affairs, $1,000; Commis-
sioner of the Land Office, $1,000; superin-
tendent of money-order sytero, $1,000; super-
intendent of foreign mails, $1,000; Commis-
sioner of Agriculture, $1,000; minute and
Journal Clerk in the Senate, $372 ; financial
clerk in Senate, $372; Chief Clerk in Senate,
$1,000 ; assistant doorkeeper inSenate, $oo2 ;
superintendent of document-room, $o60; su-
perintendent of the folding-room, $360, and
Librarian of Congress, $1,408. iemaleelerks,
according to the estimate made m the Senate
by the chairman of the Committee on Imance,
$400,000, making a grand total of increase of
salaries in this Senate bill of $539,4ol. It is
not that amount simply for this year, but that
amount annually throughout all the time here-
after of this G overnment, unless there shall be a
ehange. I do not know on record of an instance
of the reduction of a salary when once raised.
I do not know that it is necessary to add
any further to the reasons which have induced
the Committee on Appropriations to recom-
mend non-concurrenee in these amendments.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I do not, for one, per-
mit any one to surpass me in my regard for the
Judiciary of the United States, or in my desire
to see them fairly and honorably compensated
for the laborious and responsible duties which
devolve upon them. Had the proposition come
to us increasing the salaries of the judges of
the Supreme Court alone I would have tried,
for one, to have stood up for such fair increase
of their salaries, and have said to the country
that while I am opposed to any general in-
crease of salaries, that while I do think the
country demands something at our- hands,
something of economy at this hour, when there
seems to be a general rush for places and for
the means of depleting the Treasury of the
United States, that the judges of the Supreme
Court of the United States should be at least
honorably sustained in their positions.
But, sir, the Senate amendments involve not
only such increase of salaries, but it proposes
to increase from $5,000 to $7,500 the salaries
of nine judges created within the year, fixed
within the year, when the whole Congress of
the United States and the President of the
United States had declared it to be sufficient
remuneration ; when those who took the offices
knew just what sort of compensation they were
to receive, and when it is a matter of history
that they strove hard to obtain them. And yet,
before they are hardly well seated in those new
offices, it is proposed to raise the salaries almost
fifty per cent.'—I should say just fifty per cent.
And then forty district judges all over the
United States, some of them residing in the
large cities, requiring a large salary, and some
of them residing in the circuits where a less
salary is sufficient, and a less salary has here-
tofore been paid, are here raised up to one
common level, having the amount of $61,500
added to their compensation. And so it is with
all the rest.
I regret, sir, that in this matter of salaries
the Supreme Court judges are found in such
company here on this occasion, and that it is
necessary for us to say one of two things, that
we shall yield to this demand for a general
increase of salaries, or that we shall stop the
whole of it. Upon this question I shall ask a
separate vote ot the House, so that if the bill
should go to a committee of conference, the
committee may be instructed by the vole.
There are one or two other amendments to
which I invite the attention of tho House. If
gentlemen will look into the bill they will find
a proposition to appropriate at this time
$500,000 to commence the construction of
what is called a new State Department. I
shall read that amendment. It will be found
on the page 07 of the bill:
That tho sum of $500,000 bo, ami hereby is, appro-
priated, out of any moneys in tho Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, for tho construction, under the
direction of the Secretary of State, on tho southerly
portion of the premises now occupied by the War
and Navy Departments, of a building which will
form the south wing of a building that, when, com-
pleted,will be similar in tho ground plan and dimen-
sions to the Treasury building, and provide accom-
modations for the State, War, and Navy Depart-
ments. The building to bo ot such kind of stone ai
may be hereafter determined, three stories in height,
with basement and attic. The height of the pavil-
ions to be increased, ii necessary. The building to
be of lire-proof construction, and in the renaissanco
style of aichitocture.
j That gentlemen may know exactly what
shape this new building is to assume, I will
' read tho definiiiou of the word used to express
the new style of architecture to be adopted.
It is defined in the dictionary as "anew birth;"
to be born again." That is the definition of
the style of architecture to be used in this
building. It is to be a new birth. The State
Department, 1 suppose, is to be born again.
[Laughter.] I do not object, to that, Mr.
Speaker. But, sir, it was admitted when this
amendment was moved in the Senate that this
was but the beginning of the appropriations,
and that to erect the sort of building that was
required would cost between six and seven
million dollars. That was the statement of the
gentleman who represented the Committee on
Public Buildings in the Senate when he moved
this amendment, although it is only proposed
to charge upon the Government this year
$500,000. Along with this proposition I might
also as well discuss the next amendment of the
Senate.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a question?
Mr. DAWES. Yes, for a question.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish to askhim whether
in his opinion it will not be well, as we have
here in this city public buildings of different
styles - of architecture, to have some public
building in tho style of architecture indicated
by the word which the gentleman has so humor-
ously referred to? *
Mr. DAWES. I do not know how much
this now birth might cost. If it is to be applied
to every public building, I should like to have
a little estimate of the cost. I would not want
them to be all born again after the expense
they have been to the Treasury up to this time.
There is another amendment, Mr. Speaker,
which I propose to discuss in this connection.
And that is the amendment to enlarge the Cap-
itol grounds. It is proposed to add two squares
to the Capitol grounds, and it is proposed that
a sufficient sum be appropriated, though the
amount is not hero specified. It is supposed,
and the discussion proceeded on this supposi-
tion, that this would be a charge on the Treas-
ury of another $500,000. The Committee on
Appropriations have had before them gentle-
men interested in this matter. The bill author-
izes the purchase by the Secretary of the Interior
of the property required for this purpose, pro-
vided that he can agree with the owners at a price
not exceeding the real value of the property, and
not exceeding what it was appraised at ten years
ago. It then goes on to provide, if he fails to meet
that agreement, for condemning this property
for the public use and paying the appraisal
provided by law, whether it be more or less.
It is supposed that the property can be pur-
chased for about live hundred thousand dollars.
The gentlemen who appeared before the Com-
mittee on Appropriations brought an estimate ;
they did not, 1 believe, represent all of the
owners; but they figured up what they thought
was a fair advance on their former offer, which
was nearly ten years ago, and those men
thought we could obtain the whole property
for $507,338 in gold. One gentleman owning
property there, however, called upon us, and
he said he thought it was not right to ask them
to take any such sum as that. He thought
that a fair advance upon the property since
that time would be in all $750,000.
I speak of this to show how little, when this
amendment was put into the bill, those who
put it in know how much the property would
cost. Tho appraisal which is spoken of in the
first section of the amendment was between
two and three hundred thousand dollars. Some
of these men now ask between five and six hun-
dred thousand dollars, and others $750,000;
but the bill furnishes authority for the making
of a new appraisal, that appraisal to be fixed
by a juiy, and authorizes drafts on the Treasury
to compensate property-holders. Butwhether
the amount be $500,000 or whether it be a
$1,000,000, that is only the first cost, that is
only the beginning of it. Then must come the
removal of the buildings, the adornment of the
grounds, and the iron fences around them ; and
more than five hundred thousand dollars must
be added to the original cost for that purpose.
Whether it be more or less, the Committee on
Appropriations are opposed to the outlay at
this time ; and they are opposed to it for the
same reason they are opposed to the outlay at
this time for a new State Department.
