1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1491
in the manufacturing industries of the world. ;
At the exposition in 1807, England, which six- \
teen years before had the supremacy in more
than one hundred departments of maim facture.
found that she had the supremacy in but ten ;
and her jurors and her manufacturers with
great unanimity declared that the cause of her
being thus outstripped was the technical schools
which had been established in Ger many, France,
and Belgium within the last fifteen years. The
manufacturers of this country, if they would
rival their European competitors, must estab-
lish a similar system of education here ; and
they must look to a national bureau of educa-
tion to give them the statistics nnd the models
which they require.
[Here the hammer fell. J
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Chairman, I
agree with the recommendation of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations in regard to this bureau
ot' education I remember that a year or two ago
Iraadea mo'.i m in the Committee of the Whole
to strike out the appropriations for this bureau.
Gentlemen say that it is necessary to educate
the people in order to maintain a republican
form of government. That is true to some
extent. In the same way it is necessary to
clothe the people in order to have a republican
form of government. Children cannot go to
school unless they have clothing and shoes.
Why not establish a bureau of clothing or a
bureau of shoemaking? It would be quite
as legitimate for the General Government to
create such bureaus as to establish this bureau
of education.
Mr. HOAR. Have we not a bureau for dis-
seminating information in regard to the best
method of raising hemp, flax, cotton, &c. ?
Mr. ROOTS. And have we not a Patent
Office, to disseminate information in regard to
the making of shoes, clothing, &c., as well as
other processes connected with the useful arts?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. We will discuss the
Department of Agriculture when we come to it;
but, Mr. Chairman, the General Government
cannot do everything.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Why does the
General Government carry letters for the peo-
ple?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The General Gov-
ernment does carry letters for the people, but
every man whose letters are carried pays for
it: and already the wisest statesmen of this
country are discussing the propriety of abolish-
ing even the I'oat OOlce Department, and leav-
ing the business of carrying lot!or-; io ;^i.t.to
.■nt^i-prise, as the t*xpr(-;-"; lv.r-ir._-r. i. ; rr ]■ ,'(.
Mr. UAYXARD. I would inrpili-e viK'thei
.hat is the view of the Post Onion Comi" V.-
Mr. FARNSWORTII. Mr. Chairman, I
cannot consent to have half a dozen speeches
.njected into my five minuter-; and geiit]r-ui"ii
must excuse mo lor declining to yield.
Gentlemen talk of educating tin; blacks of
ihe South through this bureau of education,
"here never was a more stupendous humbug.
The Commissioner of Education sits here m
his otficc and issues perhaps once a year a huge
volume, bound it may lie in gilt, containing
reports from foreign nations, perhaps in various
languages. This volume is to be distributed
tSroughoat the Scutk to educate these shoeless
Mid clotheslesri blicu cirldren. How absurd!
Mr. Chairiuan, wbat the Government of the
T nited States does ;t a'wajs does at a greater
cost than anybody else. Wh.-.t done by the
General Government oostr? more than what is
done by private parties. The G ?vernment of
the United States cannot undertake tbe edu-
cation of the colored children of the United
States without twice the outlay at which it can
be done by the educational societies through-
out the country. Therefore, if it were a ques-
tion to appropriate money out of the public
Treasury forthe purpose of buying school-books,
primers, and spelling-books, and distributing
them among the colored children of the South,
I might vote for it just as I would to supply
the destitute poor with clothes and food; but
i;
to establish a man in the city of Washington
at a large salary, with half a dozen fourth-class
clerks, and as many more third-class clerks,
drawing so much stationery every year, and I
to have all those gentlemen stay here month in j
and month out, and at the end of the year get
out a volume on the higher branches of educa-
tion with tbe idea of teaching the poor colored .
children of the South, is asking entirely too i
much. It is nothing but mere humbug.
Besides, it is not the business of the Govern-
ment of the United States, nor can we afford to
supply all the necessities of the United States.
Something must be left forthe different States
to do. Something must be left for the educa-
tional societies to do. Something must be left
to the enterprise of the people among whom
these poor people live. We cannot do it all.
If you establish this bureau it will soon go
into a department, aud the next thing you will
have to do will be to erect a building for the
use of this Department of Education and its
clerks at a great cost to the Government of
the United States. You will find a great de-
partment will have grown up spending thou-
sands of dollars yearly in getting up—what?
Nothing but a big book which no one will read
but the very learned, and of which, so far as I
have seen, we have had already too much.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman,
the gentleman has only followed the course
pursued by him in past years in attacking this
bureau of education. It seems to me the ground
of his opposition is condensed by him on this
occasion into one sentence, or rather exclama-
tion of his, and that is that this is merely for the
pu rpose ofprinting'' a big book." He asks, how
absurd ? If that is an absurdity, what about the
eight thousand triple-column pages of absurd-
ity there must be in the form of the Congres-
sional Globe, which we print every Congress.
I will point him, also, to the ninety tons ofagri-
cultural reports which are printed to be trans-
ported through the mails. We are not taking
charge ofthe agriculture of thecountry when we
■ print these books. Nobody has ever so charged,
i and nobody so believes. I point the gentleman
i from Illinois, also, to the three thousand pages
I of election cases already in print, when we have
not as yet one third of them printed. If he
wants to find absurdities in printing books let
! him exercise his energies upon the books to
' which I havereferred, instead of devotingthem
exclusively to this big book on the important
subject of national education.
Mr. Chr^i rrnan, tny colleague from Ohio [Mr.
Lawp.exce] says tlinf these element'"; of sta-
tistic-- can bo obtained elsewhere. I ask him
■where? Wehr-.ve tried to get them through a
census law, but that was kicked out with con-
tumely by the other branch of Congress, and
wo have now no chance to secure educational
statistics in that way. Let him goto the great
national Library, the Library of Congress, and
ho will find that there is not in that Library a
scrap giving us the. least information of the
: condition of education in nineteen States of
this Union. Where else, then, will we get these
statistics if we do not get them through this .
bureau of education ?
Gentlemen seem to confound this with some
purpose on the part of the General Government
to take charge of the subject of education in
t the States. Sir, we have had a Naval Observ-
: atory, an institution supported by the Govern-
ment, and for which we have paid out hundreds
of thousands of dollars annually. For what pur-
pose ? For making charts and maps of the sea.
The sounding of our harbors, the tides and the
currents of the ocean, are laid down. And we
furnish the standard of time by which the reck-
onings maybe made on the great deep for our
merchant marine. We do not control all the
trade of the sea, but we let the light shine from
oar light-houses, and we give our mariners
charts on board their vessels and the means
for taking their observations. But when the
poor pittance is proposed of $15,000 to build
a light-house at the national capital to guide
our people in the great enterprise of education,
to guide them, not by control, but by help,
these gentlemen raise up their voices in favor
of an unwise economy. I am tempted to quote
the couplet from poor Richard:
" Economy is oft the iron vise
Which pinches "—
Some gentlemen can complete the quotation.
Now another thing lias happened. Since this
bureau of education was established we have
anew opened the two-leaved gate of immigra-
tion, and to our western shores comes now the
inhabitant ol China. One third ofa million from
the East are annually reaching our Atlantic
coast. Andinadditiontoall this, there are four
million people just let into the light of liberty,
just unmanacled from slavery, but still en-
shrouded in the darkness of ignorance. What
must we do with thesepeople ? If we do not con-
front this great army of ignorance by the light of
our educational institutions, then I say to this
House our fifteenth amendment and our four-
teenth amendment are alike failures. And
I go further and say that the thirteenth is a
failure also. Now, as regards these men just
escaped from the prison-house of slavery,
either put them back into chains again, that
their masters may at least have their old chat-
tel-interest in protecting them ; or else, in the
name of Heaven, give them the light of educa-
tion and what little aid can be afforded them
by this bureau established here at the national
capital.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Chairman, the
difficulty with the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Garfield] seems to be that he has gone mad
on the subject of statistics. He seems to sup-
pose that the principal object of the Government
is to gather statistics. He would have Con-
gress and the officers of all the Departments
of the Government constantly running up and
down the country gathering statistics. Per-
hepsif I were in the same position as the gentle-
man from Ohio, if the Commissioner of Educa-
tion had taken the same pains to circulate my
speeches as he has taken to circulate the
speeches of the gentleman from Ohio, in that
case I might be in favor of continuing this
Department, that I might get a greater and
further and wider circulation for my speeches
on the subject of education. At the same time
I doubt very much whether the learned speech
of the gentleman from Ohio incorporated in
this report by the Commissioner of Education
would enlighten to any considerable extent the
poor colored people of the South.
I find in that speech precisely the speech
which the gentleman has just made to-day—I
believe word for word. He says in the speech
which is printed in the book of the Commis-
sioner of Education :
" Now, what have we done as a nation in the way
of expenses ? In 1832 we organized a Coast Survey
Bureau, aud have expended millions upon it,"
If I could give the gentleman's gestures and
the inflections of his voice I could repeat here
the speech which he has just made in your hear-
ing. I quote from the book:
"Its officers have triangulated thousands of miles
ofourcoast, have made soundings ofall our bays and
harbors, and carefully mapped tile shoals, breakers,
and coast lines from our northern boundary on the
Atlantic to the extreme northern boundary on the
JPaciiic coast."
I would say to the reporters that it is scarcely
necessary that they should take this down, as
they have already written it and they can write
it out again from their notes. The speech in
the book proceeds:
"They have established eight hundred tidal sta-
tions to observe tbe fluctuations of the tides. We
have expended vast sums in onler perfectly to know
the topography of our coasts, lakes, and rivers that
we might make navigation more sale. Is it of no
consequence that we explore the boundaries of that
wonderful intellectual empire which incloses within
its domain the fate of succeeding generations and of
this Republic? The children of to-day will be tac
architects of our country's destiny in 1900.
"We have established an Astronomical Observa-
