1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3379
EVENING SESSION.
At half past seven o'clock p. m. the Com-
, mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
resumed its session, (Mr. Wheeler in the
chair,) and proceeded with the consideration
of the bill (H. R. No. 1068) to amend existing
, laws relatiug to the duty on imports, and for
other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will report
the pending amendment
The Clerk read as follows:
Page ID, after line four hundred and fifty, insert the
following as an additional paragraph;
Or. crinoline, eorset, and hat steel, commercially
known ns wire, whether covered with cotton or other
textile material, or not covered, D cents per pound
and 10 per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. KELLEY. I move the roll be called.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee has no
power to call the roll unless in a certain con-
tingency.
Mr. STILES. I move that the committee
rise.
The committee divided ; and there were—
ayes 8, noes 22.
So the committee refused to rise.
The pending amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KELLEY. I am directed by th® Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to move the follow-
ing additional paragraph to come in at the end
of the one just adopted:
On sword blades, 35 per cent, ad valorem; on swords,
45 percent, ad valorem.
That is to correct an obvious error in the
existing tariff which imposes 45 per cent, ad
valorem on blades, and 35 per cent, on swords.
This amendment reverses them, and puts 35
per cent, ad valorem on sword blades and 45
per cent, ad valorem on swords.
Mr. COX. Who makes these swords? What
are they for? [Laughter.] Is it a Philadel-
phia manufactory?
Mr. KELLEY. I do not know of any Phil-
adelphia sword-blade manufactory.
Mr. STEVENSON. It is to protect the
Toledo Blade, Nasby's paper. [Laughter.]
Mr. KELLEY. It is to correct a palpable
error in the existing tariff.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 86, noes 4; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Brooks of New
York, and Mr. Maynard.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 36, noes 4; no qnornm voting.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee finding
itself without a quorum, it is the duty of the
Chair to cause the roll to be called, in order
that the names of the absentees may be re-
ported ta the House.
The Clerk proceeded to call the roll; and the
following members failed to answer to their
names:
Messrs. Adams, Archer. Arnell, Axtell, Ayer, Bai-
ley, Banks, Barnum, Barry, Benjamin, Benton,
• Biggs, Bingham, Boies,Booker, Bowen, Boyd, Buck,
Burr, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Wil-
nFL T._ Clark, Sidney Clarke, Cleveland', Amasa
Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb, Cook, Conner, Covode, Creba,
Cullom, Davis, Dawes, Degener, Dickey, Dixon,
Dockery, Eldridge, Farnswortb, Fisher, Fitch, Fox,
Oiilillan, Griswold, Haight, Haldeman, Hambleton,
Hamill, Hamilton, Hawkins. Hays, Heaton, Hill,
Hoge, Hoi man, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Johnson, Alex-
ander H. Jones, Thomas 1. Jones, Judd, Julian,
Kellogg, Kelsey, Kerr, Knapp, Laflin, Lash, Law-
rence, Lewis, Logan, Loughridge, Lynch, Marshall,
McCormick, MeGrew, McKee, McKcnzie, McNeely,
glercur, Milnes, Jesse H. Moore, Morgan, Morphis,
bamuel P. Morrill, Mnngen, Negloy, Orth, Palmet,
Perce. Phelps. Piatt, Porter, Potter, Prosser, Ran-
dall, Reeves, Rice, Ridgway. Rogers, Roots, San-
ford, Sehumnker, Scofieid. Porter Sheldon, Shober,
hlocum, Joseph S. Smith, William J. Smith, Worth-
"nzton C. Smith, Stone. Stoughton, Strader, Strong,
bwann, Sweeney, Tanner, Taylor, Trimble. Van
Horn, Van VVyck, Voorhees. Ward, William B.
Wasbbuni, Whitmore, Wilkinson, Winans, Win-
chester, Witcher, Wood, and Woodward.
The committee then rose, and Mr. Cessna
having taken the chair as Speaker pro tempore,
Mr. Wheeler reported that the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union having,
according to order, had under consideration a
bill (H. R. No. 1068) to amend existing laws
relating to the duty on imports, and for other
purposes, and finding itself without a quorum,
nad caused the roll to be called, and directed
him to report the names of the absentees to
the House to be entered upon the Journal.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. From the roll
of absentees reported by the Chairman of the
Committee of the Whole it appears that there
is no quorum present.
Mr. MAYNARD. I observe that quite a
number of gentlemen came in during the call
of the roll. There must be more than a quo-
rum now present.
Mr. LYNCH. Would it be in order to call
the absentees?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Only two
motions are in order; that the House adjourn,
or that there be a call of the House.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that there be a
call of the House; and on that I call for a
division.
The question was put on ordering a call of
the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is
unable to decide what has been the result of
the division by sound, and will appoint tellers.
The Chair appoints as tellers the gentleman
from Tennessee, Mr. Maynard, ana the gen-
tleman from California, Mr. Sargent.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 62, noes 55.
So a call of the House was ordered.
Mr. STILES. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that all further
proceedings under the call be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole upon the special
order.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Wheeler in the chair.) and re-
sumed the consideration of the special order,
being the bill (H. R. No. 1068) to amend exist-
ing laws relating to the duty on imports, and
for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk vfrill report
the pending amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
On page 19, at the end of the amendment adopted,
on line four hnndred and fifty, insert the following:
On sword blades, 35per cent, act valorem ; on swords,
45 per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask the consent of the
committee, so many members having come in
since the amendment was moved, again to
explain why it is submitted by the Committee
of Ways and Means. In the existing tariff the
duty on sword blades, which are the raw ma-
terial, is 45 per cent., and that on swords is35
per cent. This is an obvious mistake, being a
discrimination against the manufacturer of the
article in this country by 10 per cent. The
committee, therefore, propose to rectify it by
simply reversing the rates, so that the duty on
sword blades shall be 35 per cent, and on
swords 45 per cent, ad valorem.
The CHAIRMAN. A. division had been
ordered on the pending amendment, and the
Chair had appointed as tellers the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, Mr. Cessna, and the gen-
tleman from New York, Mr. Brooks. The
tellers will please resume their places.
The committee again divided; and the tell-
ers reported—ayes 87, noes 28.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
On all manufactures of platinum, except vases and
retorts for chemical uses, 20 per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I desire to
ask the chairman of the committee what is the
necessity of this paragraph ?
Mr. SCHENCK. The explanation is very
simple. It is proposed to put all manufactures
of platinum at a duty of 20 per cent., which is
a decrease ot the existing tariff by 20 per cent.;
but vases and retorts for chemical uses are
excepted, because they are on the free list,
there being no manufacture of them in this
country.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. They are on
the free list now.
The Clerk read as follows:
On brass in plates, ingots, and bars, 5 cents per
pound.
On brass, old and fit only to be remanufactured 4
cents per pound.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move to
strike out the word "and" after the word
"old," in line four hundred and fifty-four, and
to substitute^ the word "or." My object in
moving this is to allow the admission of brasa
in scraps on the same footing as old brass,
although they may not be old.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will state to the gentle-
man that in using the word " and" we have
followed the language of the present law. If
you say " brass, old or fit only to be manu-
factured," we do not know what articles might
not be brought in under that description which
ought to be charged a higher rate of duty. If
the language were changed brass in very val-
uable shapes might be brought in under this
heading.
Mr. KELLOGG. I would suggest that the
amendment of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts would bring in ingots and bars, because
these are only fit to be remanufactured.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No; these
are fit to be manufactured; but it cannot be
said that they are only fit to be remanufactured,
as might be said of brazen images.
Mr. SCHENCK. Further, if the language
were used, "old or fit only to be remanufac-
tured," then all old brass would come in at 4
cents, whereas, according to the bill, the article
admitted at that rate must be both old and fit
only to be remanufactured.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. As the
gentleman from Connecticut, where they are
full of brass, tells me that this will make no
trouble, I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. BROOKS^ of New York. I move to
amend by reducing the rate to 2 cents per
pound. I desire to call the attention of the
committee to the fact that the duty now on
brass, old and fit only to be remanufactured, is
only 15 per cent, ad valorem. This is a prop-
osition to make it 4 cents per pound. The
Committee of Ways and Means last year, as I
see by a memorandum which I have before me,
proposed on this article a rate of only 3 cents
per pound. That was all that was asked at
that time; but the proposition is now to make
the rate 4 cents per pound. That is a rise from
the 15 per cent, ad valorem of at least 100 per
cent, on this old brass.
Mr. KELLOGG. I would suggest that this
bill may have been drawn in this way for the
purpose of making brass, which is a manufac-
tured article, pay at least as high a duty as
copper itself. Gentlemen will remember that
a year ago, during the last Congress, a tariff
was put upon copper in which the duty on
copper in ingots, pigs, and bars was placed
at 5 cents a pound, and the duty upon copper,
old and fit only to be remanufactured, was
placed at 4 cents a pound. Now, brass being
one step further along in the process of man-
ufacture certainly ought to pay as high a duty
as the copper itself; and I presume that it was
in view of the copper tariff adopted, not at
the request of the East, but at the request, I
believe, of western men a year ago, that the
tariff on brass is now made to conform to the
tariff on copper, copper being a chief compo-
nent part of brass.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I move now
to make it 3 cents in lieu of 4 cents a pound,
and I hope that will prevail. The gentleman
