2436
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQBE.
April 5,
But, Mr. Chairman, what I rose for was to
see where we were now. Gentlemen have
made an argument showing that there will be
a depreciation in the character of the raw
sugars imported, and we were told to what
extent sugars of that character are imported;
that is, raw sugar that does not contain any
considerable portion of this matter which the
gentleman from Pennsylvania and others say
is destroyed in the process of manufacture, and
which goes directly into common use. The
gentlemau from Maine [Mr. Lynch] stated
that there was a process which had the effect
of clarifying the sugar by getting rid of the
molasses contained in it. Under the amend-
ment of the committee sugar of this class,
clear of its molasses, is allowed to come in at
2 cents. If I am mistaken I would like to be
corrected.
Mr. ALLISON". It is allowed to come in at
that rate, if not above No. 12 Dutch standard
in color.
Mr. JUDD. My argument, then, is that the
amendment of the committee allows to come
in as raw sugar a class of sugar which is partly
clarified, if not above No. 12 Dutch standard,
and in which no molasses remains.
Mr. KELLEY. I will state to the gentle-
man that raw and Muscovado sugars are per-
mitted to come in whether they are below No.
12 Dutch standard or not.
Mr. JUDD. My argument is to reach this
point. If tliere is a class of sugars free from
ill is objection made oil account of molasses
they can come in under the bill as it now stands,
under the first paragraph.
Mr. LYNCH. The gentleman is mistaken
in tlii:;. Sugars that come in under No. 12
contain a certain quantity of molasses, whether
they have passed through the centrifugal pro-
cess or not, because if they are below No. 12
they have not been run through the centrifugal
machine sufficiently to drive the molasses out
of them.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELLEY. 1 accept the statement
made by the chairman of the Committee, of
Ways and Means as to the fact that the ques-
tion here is whether you will pay foreigners for
doing this work and give them a bonus, or
whether you will let men living among us,
eating American wheat and wearing American
wool, do the work. It is a direct question
whether you will give a bonns to people to re-
main away, or pass a bill to induce them to
immigrate to our country. That is the direct
question. The leliner has no special iuteiest
in it. Five Slates only have—Louisiana,
Texas, Florida, Wisconsin, and Illinois. They
are the sugar-producing .States. By passing
this section at 0 cents you will enable the
sugar-growers of Louisiana, Florida, and Texas,
and the beet-root sugar-makers of Wisconsin
and Illinois, to have the advantage of the
vacuum-pan and the centrifugal process. The
freedmcn of the South and the men who are
engaged now in introducing what has become
the great national industry of France are to
have the advantage of this. If you reduce it
to 2J cents you give a bonus to the foreign
manufacturer ana strike down the establish-
ment at Fond du Lac, Wisconsin, and the large
establishment in Illinois, which lias not proved
a very great success even under the present
protection. It is these people, and not the
refiners, who are interested in the passage of
this particular clause.
The gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Allison]
asserts that one tenth of all the sugars imported
into the country pass through the bands of the
refiners, and 1 deny it as emphatically as he
asserts it. 1 carc not who his authority is—for
he asserts it upon authority—it is not true. It
is true, I think, from the statistics, that 15 per
cent.—I understood that to be the statementof
thegentlemanfromlllinois, [Mr. Burciiard]—
of unrefined sugars come in.
Mr. B U RC H AllD. Fifteen times the amount.
Mr. KELLEY. Fifteen times the amount.
I knew I had not the proposition correctly.
They come in largely fop table use. They are
the vacuum-pan sugars, the raw and Musco-
vado sugars above No. 12 Dutch standard,
fitted for table use; they are, the centrifugal
sugars, and you find them in every, country
store, in every village in the land._ You cannot
walk into a store on Pennsylvania avenue but
what you will find them. Gentlemen on this
floor drink them in their coffee daily, unless
they have pure white sugar before them, and
they are never passed through the refiner's
hands. The refiners have no interest in them,
and the gentleman who gave tlio gentleman
from Iowa his statistics lias most gravely misled
him. I now yield to the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Moans to move to close
debate.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
that the debate upon this clause shall close in
five minutes.
Mr. PAINE. I objoct.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I move that the
committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Cessna
having taken the chair as the Speaker pro
tempore, Mr. Wheeler reported that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had under consider-
ation the state of the Union generally, and par-
ticularly the bill (II. B. No. 10G8) to amend
existing laws relating to the duty on imports,
and for other purposes, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
Mr. SCHENCIi. I move that when the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union resumes the consideration of the tariff
bill all debate on tho pending paragraph shall
close in live minutes.
Air. ALLISON. Say ten minutes.
Mr. SCHENCK. Well, I will modify my
motion so as to say ten minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 now move that the rules
bo suspended, and the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole upon the special
Order.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of tho
Union, (Mr, Wheeler in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the special order,
being the bill (II. It. No. 10158) to amend exist-
ing laws relating to the duty ou imports, and
for other purposes.
Tho CHAIRMAN. By order of the House
all debate on the pending paragraph will close
in ten minutes.
Mr. PAINE. I understand the chairman
of tho Committee of Ways and Means [Mr.
Schenck] to say that by the process of clarifi-
cation 
The CHAIRMAN. Tho debate upon the
pending amendment has been exhausted.
Mr. JUDD. I will withdraw it if the gentle-
man from Wisconsin [Mr. Paixic] will renew it.
Mr. PAINE. I will do so.
The CHAUIMAN. The gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Blahs.] has notified the com;
mittec that he objects to the withdrawal of
amendments.
Mr. BLAIR. I will not insist upon that
point in this case.
Mr. JUDD. Then I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. PAINE. I renew the amendment. I
understood the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means to say that by the process of
clarification raw sugar loses 20 per cent, in
molasses and 7 per cent, in waste material; so
that out of 100 pounds of raw sugar you would
obtain only 73 pounds of clarified sugar. The
gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Allison,] a mem-
ber of th<; same committee, asserts that that is
not a correct statement of the result of the
process of clarification. 1 will assume, how-
ever, for the purpose of the argument, that it
is a correct statement. Now, if you impose a
duty of only 2J cents per pound on clarified
sugar let us see what the result will be. Sup-
pose that you-have 100 pounds of raw sugar,
for example, in the island of .Cuba, which is
to, be imported into thcXJnited States and clar-
ified here; you have another 100 pounds .which
is to be clarified there; and then the whole
result, not only tho clarified sugar but the mo-
lasses that remains after the clarificatiojn, is
to be imported into the United States. .Upon
the 100 pounds of raw sugar imported there
is a dnty of 2 cents per pound, or a total duty
of $2. TJpon the 73 pouuds that was clari-
fied in Cuba and then imported hero there is
a duty of 2} cents per pound, or a total of
$1 82J. Then there remains 20 per. cent, of
the 100 pouuds of raw sugar, in the shape of
molasses, which is imported, and upon which
there is a duty, as I understand, of five eighths
of a cent per pound, or a total duty ou the
molasses of 12$ cents. Therefore the entire
duty upon the 100 pounds of raw sugar clari-
fied in Cuba and the result imported into the
United States is $1 82J plus 12^ cents, or
$1 95 in all. So that if the sugar is clarified
in Cuba, and the entire product, not only the
clarified sugar but the residuum of molasses,
is imported into the Ilmted . States, there
will be, under the amendment proposed by
the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. A.LLlSojtf,] a
discrimination of 6 cents on 100 pounds in
favor of clarifying sugar in Cuba and against
its clarification in the United States.
Now, let us seo what would be the result of
a duty of 3 cents per pound on clarified sugar.
On 73 pounds, the amount to be obtained from
100 pouuds of raw sugar, the duty at 3 cents
per pound will be $2 19. The chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means [Mr. Schbkck]
states that the only advantage which the clari-
fier in the United States would gain under that
rate of duty would be tho difference between
$2 19, the tariff upon the amount of clarified
sugar to be obtained from 100 pounds of raw
sugar, and tho tariff of $2 imposed upon the
100 pounds of raw sugar imported. But what
becomesof the20poundsof molasses obtained
by clarifying 100 pounds of raw sugar ? As I
understand, the tariff on that molasses will be
five eighths of 1 cent per pound, or 12J cents
on the 20 pounds, and that amount added to
the $2 19 duty on the 73 pounds of clarified
sugar makes a total of $2 U1J. Therefore,
the actual discrimination in favor of the do-
mestic clarifier, instead of being but 19 cents,
will be 31-} cents if you import the whol^ pro-
duct of the 100 pounds of raw sugar clarified
in Cuba. So that, in my opinion, the advantage
is greater than the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means states if. Yet I am unwill-
ing to vote for the amendment of the gentle-
man from Iowa, [Mr. Allisox,] assuming that
the clarification of raw sugar yields but 73 per
cent, of clarified sugar, bccause that would be
an unfair, unjust, and unwarranted discrimina-
tion against domestic manufacturers, and in
favor of the manufacturers of Cuba. J am
therefore in favor of the proposition of ttie
Committee of Ways and Moans as it stands,
or of something intermediate between the two
which will give a fair protection to American
industry in this as in other branches of manu-
facture.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK obtained the floor and said
I will yield two minutes to the gentlemau from
Iowa, [Mr. Allison".]
Mr. ALLISON. I want time only to make
a correction of some statements which have
been made. We are told that a tariff of 2J
cents per pound upon clarified sugars is a
discrimination against the American rectifier.
That is not true in fact. One hundred and
twenty-five pounds of raw sugar make 100
pounds of refined sugar, not 100 pounds of clar-
ified sugar. Gentlemen talk of this as though
clarified sugar were equivalent to the refined
sugar of our own refiners. In fact the clarified
sugar is of a much lower grade, and therefora
