478
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 6,
Ho. op Reps.
Education—Mr. Hoar
41st CoutJ 2d Sess.
"In addition to the permanent-investment in mill
property it must'be borne in mind that to maintain
and carry on this large business a large active or
floating capital is required, such as teams, sleds,
tools. Sea. Also cash to carry stock from year to
year.
"Your committee have no data from which to give
this amount, but estimate it equal to four dollars per
thousand on the entire product, or at least $2,000,000.
Adding this to mill property will show an invest-
ment of $0,049,500.
" Thus it is shown that from this large investment
of over six million dollars the return is but about
iiftcen percent, on the capital.
"Itwill benoticedthat in ourealculations no men-
tion is made of taxes, State, national, or local. When
these are taken into acoount, and dealers and man-
ufacturers' licenses are paid, the net result wili
barely reach ten per cent., or not over one dollar per
thousand to the profit of the business, or an amount
about one hall the duty on Canadian lumber.
'* Your committee have confined themselves to the
Saginaw river proper. They might havo included
the Mint, Au Sable, a,nd Alpena interests, as being
comprised in what is usually termed tile Saginaw
valley lumber district. These points produce about
the same relative quality of lumber and show about
the same relative cost of manufacture as Saginaw
proper.
"Tho lumber production of the State of Michigan,
as shown by statistics of 1869, is in cxcess of two bil-
lion foet, and may bo divided among tho following
districts:
Feet.
Saginaw valley, (proper)  523,500,830
The Slioie, including Sheboygan  141,815,323
Geneseo county    91,127,713
Tuscola county  Jl.lOO.O0O
Gratiot and Isabella  10,930.001)
Huron county  40,000,000
St. Clair county  51,000.000
Lapcorcounty  22.000,000
Sanilac county  14,500,000
Detroit  63,500,000
kent county  40.000,000
Muskegon  219,330,555
Ottawa  225,orw,00t)
Oceana  R5.OOo.OOU
Mason  <>.">,000,000
Manistee  125,000,000
Klbewlluro, western slope  30,000,000
Upper peninsula  80,000,000
Total  2,039.801,421
''This exclusive of lath, shingles, pickets, and tho
minor dotails of manufacture. To which may bo
added, as ahowinfttho inagniiudoof the business, tho
pine lumber product, of Wisconsin and Minnesota, as
follows:
\Vinconttiti. Feet.
Chippewa river 285,000,000
Wisconsin river 200,000,000
Black river 125,000.000
Wolf river, Little Wolf, I'imbarras, Ac 2011.000,000
Total 810,000,000
.Uinnemtu. Feet.
St. Cro-x 102,000,000
Other points  208,000,000
Total 400.000,000
" (Jiving,as a total production ofthothreo pine lum-
ber Stales ot the Northwest. 3,319,801,431 foet, or, in
round numbers, 3,400,000,000 feet of lumber; which,
to get out and mauutacture, requires an activework-
mg capital of nearly lifty million dollars, and gives
eni ploy inoiitt taking 1 ho calculations lor the Saginaw
river as a basi.\) to six hundred and eighty thousand
men."
Add to this tlio laths, shingles, pickets,
staves, hoops, spars, and squill e timber reduced
to lumber measure, equaling at least one quar-
ter of the lumber production of these three
States, and you will have a total of four thou-
sand two hundred and fifty million feet, worth
at the mills at $12 82^ per thousand feet,
$54,548,750; costing at the mills $11 75 per
thousand feet. 549,937,500; leaving balance
over cost, $4,011,250 ; or a net profit on each
thousand feet of lumber at the place of manu-
facture of only $1 08i, with which to pay inter-
est on capital, carrying over stock, teams,
implements, &c., and also to pay licenses. State
and^ national taxes, insurance, and risks.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I assert that the enhanced
prices paid for these productions by the people
o! the \\ est and South arises mainly from the
risk and cost of transportation, with such com-
missions of the middlemen added as they can
command. And I admit also that the ruinous
prices which the lumbermen are compelled to
pay in the pineries for horses, cattle, merchan-
dise, feed, flour, groceries, and provisions of
all kinds is attributable to the same causes.
And, therefore, the lumberman, the farmer,
and the merchant are alike equally interested
in every measure which will lessen risks and
cheapen transportation.
This producticm gives employment in the
pineries, on the streams, and in the mills, for
two hundred and fifty days of the year, to eight
hundred and fifty thousand men, and to those
loading and shipping, &e.,to one hundred aud
fifty thousand more, or, in round numbers, one
million men dependupon the lumbering inter-
est of Michigan, Wisconsin, and Minnesota for
employment and livelihood. And, sir, the pro-
duction of the food, clothing, books, furniture,
ships, vessels, teams, chains, axes, wagons,
sleds, hay, corn, oats, and the multitudinous
array of a lumberman's outfit furnishes employ-
ment annually to another million in the adjoin-
ing agricultural and manufacturing regions, and
thus widens the range of industries, creates
new markets for excessive production, and dis-
tributes and equalizes the compensations of
labor and the comforts of civilization.
Mr. Speaker, 1 have ventured to illustrate
the demands and necessities of the world-wide
productions and industries of our whole coun-
try by this imperfect sketch of the partial and
remote industries and productions of three
young, undeveloped border States; not that I
desire to magnify the importance of our pro-
ductions, or justify the expenditure of our
navigation, but rather because these subjects
were more familiar to my observation, and be-
cause 1 stand and speak in the presence of
legislators whose locks are whitened by years
of service in the councils of the nation ; whose
matured judgment and quickened perceptions
can comprehend at a glance the infinite rela-
tion of cause und effect., and whose burning
eloquence could illuminate with " thoughts that
breathe and words that burn," thewhole map
of American industry and the multitudinous
highways of Ameiican commerce; whose vis-
ion imbued with the past, absorbing the pres-
ent, and prophetic of the future, would kindle
with the triumphs of statesmanship, and add
inspiration to the dictates of duty.
Sir, 1 leave to them, with their higher powers
and more glorious gifts, the splendid privilege
of illustrating to the House aud tho country
the more than imperial progress our country
will make toward ultimate supremacy over
every land and over every sea, by combining
the wisdom of statesmanship, the antagonisms
of parly, and the terrible energies of a recon-
ciled people into one abiding resolution, not
only " that the Republic shall receive no fur-
ther detriment." but that legislation aud exe-
cution, expenditure and economy, ambition
and duty, shall alike contribute to our national
glory, and anticipate destiny by tho rapidity
of our progress to a higher civilization.
In closing these remarks, Mr. Speaker, I
invoke the attention of this House and the
country to the great historical fact that appears
in all the traditions of the human race, shines
through every page of history, through every
period of human greatness, through the rise-
and fall of empires, through all the long sue
cessions of national growth and decay, that
whatever people controlled the commerce of
the world controlled the world itself; and this,
too, whether their municipal power extended
over vast realms of sea and land, or was con-
fined to a single city or circumscribed island.
To our legislation, in part, is committed the
duty of realizing the lessons of history, and
asserting the supremacy of our national com-
merce.
Although the task is difficult, theconsumma-
tion will bo glorious. Over what a world of
waters do our laws extend 1 For what vast
highways of commerce within our own borders
must we legislate 1
From the Kennebunk to the Rio Grande,
along the thousand miles of coast line we front
the Atlantic and woo the traffic of the East.
From San Diego to Behring's straits we wel-
come across the calm Pacific "the treasures
of Cathay and farthest Inde 1"
Between the two oceans what magnificent
inland seas! What vast interlacing rivers I
on which ten thousand vessels are wafted by
the winds of heaven, or driven by the energy
of steam, as they bear onward the accumulated
wealth and vast commerce of modern civiliza-
tion ; where these are wanting, through the
great forests, across the prairies, and over the
mountain ranges, the iron track and the tire-
less engine must supply the necessities of
travel and compensate the lack of navigation,
and furnish to all these vast regions of our
country the modern highways which human
genius has devised to supplement the deficien-
cies of nature and equalize the conditions of
locality.
Education.
SPEECH OF HON. GEORGE F. HOAR,
oj? massachusetts,
lx the House of Representatives,
June c, 1870.
Tho House having met for debate as in Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union—
Mr. HOAR said:
Mr. Speaker : I suppose that all thoughtful
men are agreed that whatever may be the just
distribution of the powers and functions of gov-
ernment between national and local authority,
the education of the people can be best accom-
plished by the latter. The administration of
the common school in the town, the district,
the neighborhood, is not only essential to the
highestsuccess of the school itself, but educates
the citizen in all the duties of government. The
purpose of this bill, by which it is for the first
time sought to compel by national authority
the establishment of a thorough and efficient
system of public instruction throughout the
whole country, is not to supersede, but to stim-
ulate, compel, and supplement action by the
State.
As to the individual the question, is it right?
precedes the question, is it desirable, so to
the legislator the question, is it constitutional ?
precedes all other questions. Until that is set-
tled there is no room for considerations of polit-
ical expediency or personal or public interest.
The object of the Constitution of the United
States is twofold.
First. To concentrate the strength of the
whole people and provide for a uniform ex-
pression of its will, for the protection and regu-
lation of commercial intercourse, domestic and
foreign.
Second. To secure the blessings of liberty
and promote the general welfare by prohibit-
ing the States from doing what is inconsistent
with civil liberty, and compelling them to do
what is essential to its maintenance.
To secure the first object are given the
powers of war, peace, treaty, money, bank-
ruptcy, the post office, administration of justic-
in causes admiralty and maritime, and be-
tween States or their citizens, and those ol
other States or foreign countries, and punish-
ment of offenses by sea. To accomplish the
second are inserted the various restrictions on
State legislation, to be enforced by the national
judiciary; the great power of guarantying to
every State a republican form of government,
and the power to enforce by appropriate legis-
lation the three new constitutional provisions
which secure personal freedom, equality before
the law, equality of political power to all men
born or naturalized within the United States.
With these exceptions, the regulation of
