1492
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
tory, where die movements of the  tare are watched,
latitude and longitude oalculated, and chronometers
regulated for the benefit of navigation."
And so on; it is the identical speech.
Thegeutleman takes exception to me because
I do not believe in appropriating money out of
the Treasury of the United States to circulate
his speech in this form. The speech is a good
one, an admirable one. I read it when the
gentleman first made it. I always liked that
speech. [Laughter.] I always shall. But I
do not believe it is worth while for us to be
appropriating money out of the Treasury of the
United States to circulate it in the form of
a book. It is well enough to circulate it in
pamphlet form, as we do other speeches made
here, but not to bind it in a great book under
the pretense that we are going to educate the
colored children of the South. It seems to me
that we had better rote to buy breeches for the
sans culottes and shoes to enable them to go
to school. [Laughter.]
Mr. KELLEY obtained the floor.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Will the gen-
tleman yield to me for a moment?
Mr. KELLEY. Yes, sir. i
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to say i
that I am very much obliged to my friend from :
Illinois for reading what he gays is a good j
speech. I think it is; and I have only to say
in answer that the speech which the gentleman
has made is the very one that he has made on this 1
subject for the last three years. I wish I could i
return him the compliment and say it ft a good
speech. I think it a very poor speech; a very i
bad speech on a very bad side of the question, I
and I trust that the gentleman will no more pre- !
vail in his views this time than he has prevailed ■
in the last three years. ;
Mr. KELLEY. If the cage were as the gen- i
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Farnswobjh] rep- j
resents it, I think the appropriation would be '
a very preposterous one. If it were an attempt I
to edupate the whole ignorant population of
the United States by this small expenditure,
it would certainly be very absurd. It is to
organize, and the gentleman knows the value
of organization. He knows that our naval
system and oar Army are based on the value
of organization. He knows that we can make
skeleton regiments of officers from West Point
in our little Array and fill up an army of a
million able to cope with the bravest antag-
onists with whom an army ever contended. He
knows that in our little Navy the trained bands
of officer* from our Naval School are able to
animate and guide a Navy that need shrink
from none in the world; and the object of
this bureau is to maintain an educational
organization the effects of which shall be felt
in those States where not only public educa-
tion has not prevailed, but the law and public
sentiment have been against giving education
to the laboring people. It is not three weeks
since a school a little to the north of ns was
mobbed and burned, and the scholars and
teacher dispersed. The purpose is that the
people living in that broad section of our coun-
try m which this sentiment prevails may have
an institution to which they can appeal for facts,
for methods, for encouragement, through which
they may learn the results of the experience of
all onr States in educational matters- No ex-
penditure of money that can be made is of a
more useful character than this.
I hold in my hand the London Times-of Feb-
ruary 4, ia which the embarrassments of Eng-
land and the prostration of its manufacturing
interests are ascribed to the fact that the labor-
ing people of England are less educated than
those of the United States, alluding to the
northern manufacturing States, and of France
and Prussia,. The South has never enjoyed
^0T J and this little appropriation
°' *15)000 will come back to us, ere a decade
millions, by giving to that broad
era w'lk rePon educated and trained labor-
educational system there you
cannot get northern emigrants to go into that '
section, nor can you make the laborers now
there valuable as intelligent men.
Sir, the State of Uliuois docs not back the
gentleman from Illinois. I have here a letter
to the Senators from that State from one of
the ablest men and most efficient public officers
in that State. I quote his own language:
" Do not, I be* of you, permit these treasures to
be lost for lack of tho little pittance necessary to
maintain the Department."
The letter is from Hon. Newton Bateman,
State superintendent of public instruction, an
authority recognized not only in Illinois, but in
■ every State, by the friends of education. He
I says further:
" I write this to bog that you will save from do-
, struction tho Department of Education, which, to
the astonishment of every leading educational man
in Illinois, so far as I know, and certainly to my own
profound amazement and regret, has been violently
and successfully assailed in the House of Represent-
atives by one of our own delegates in that body. The
allegation that ' Illinois does not want its agency in
collecting and disseminating educational informa-
tion and statistics' is, so far as our leading school-
i men are concerned, as far from tho truth as any
statement could possibly be. On the contrary, Illi-
nois was among the first to urge the establishment
of the bureau, and continued, through every avail-
able channel by which the public sentiment of the
State in educational matters could be brought to
bear, to advocate and work for the measure until it
was secured; and tho results thus far have more than
justified our best expectations."
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I was about to call for a vote,
but my colleague [Mr. Banks] desires to say a j
few words.
Mr. McNEELY. I desire to make a few
remarks.
Mr. DAWES. 1 will first yield to my col-
leapie.
Mr. BANKS. The Bum proposed to be
appropriated by this amendment is so small,
and the object for which it is to be appropriated
is so important, that I trust this Committee of
the Whole will not refuse to adept it.
The reasoning of gentlemen on the other side
is not new; it has been urged against education
in every State, in every county, in every town,
and in every school district of the land. It has
always been said by some that education is the
j business of somebody else. But in the end we
j come back to the truth, with the declaration that
j it is the business of the Government alone; or
at least, that the direction of education is the
first and highest duty of the Government, let
it receive such support as it may from the
individuals under the Government.
It is but two or three years since that we
appropriated in one bill $11,000,000 for the
relief of the freedmen—of persons we had eman-
cipated from slavery. The reasoning of the
persons opposed to that appropriation was ex-
actly like the reasoning which we have heard
here to-day against this appropriatiorf for educa-
tion ; but the reply then made on the part of
Congress—and it has been sustained by the
country—was that the necessities of those peo-
ple consequent upon emancipation not only
•justified but demanded the extraordinary
appropriation to which I have referred; and
no gentleman who voted for that appropriation
regrets now that he did so.
Exactly the same state of facts now exists,
and exactly the same reasoning may be urged
in favor of this appropriation. We have eman-
cipated four million people and have intrusted
to their hands a share of the power of this
Government—an experiment never before tried ;
in the history of the world. We have given ;
political power to four million people without i
education, without political experience, with- jj
out discipline, without the power of self-re- jl
Btraint; applying against them no force what- '
ever except the force of public opinion; for I
every member of the House contemplates the
withdrawal before long of the military force i
from that section of the country. What, then, ,
is our duty? To see to it that those people
are educated. What higher duty can there be
involved in this question than the duty of seeing !
that these people are educated? I will not ask |;
the House to appropriate the money necessary u
to effect so great a purpose as that, because it
would be too much to demand of the country ;
but I say, and I ask the attention of gentlemen
to this fact, that it is our duty to ascertain
whether this business of education is bein^
carried on among these people or not.
1 have seen that a distinguished American, one
! who has taught the world two of its greatest
; lessons, how to acquire a fortune and how tu
i spend it, has while living poured out his inil-
1 lions for the education of the people we have
r emancipated. Why has he done this?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. BANKS. No, not now. It is the busi-
] ness of this Government at least to make an
j investigation and ascertain whether those mii-
| lions are properly applied, and whether they
i are producing good results, and for that duty
we alone are responsible.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence]
has asked why somebody else may not do it.
Because it is not the duty of anybody else ;
it belongs to the Government alone, and it is
only by the direct support of the Government,
: that this important service can be effected and
performed.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. BANKS. Certainly.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Cannot the investiga-
tion to which the gentleman refers be better
made by some other means which Congress
can devise than by the machinery of this
bureau ? I agree that we ought to make this
investigation.
Mr. BANKS. No, sir; there can be no
means so effective as a direction from the Gov-
ernment of the United States, and an appro-
priation for that purpose.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Chairman, theappropri-
i ation for this object, and for the antecedent
j object referred to by the gentleman from Mas-
; sachusetts, [Mr. Banks,] originated as a war
measure. The Bureau of Refugees, Freedmen,
and Abandoned Lands, was organized in 1861-0:2
for the purposes of the war. Our armies marche d
into the southern States. The slaves were
speedily freed and were hanging around the
army, utterly unable to render it any aid Or to
take care of themselves. Then it was that
Congress adopted this method of relief. These
, freedmen were allowed to become paupers
dependent upon the Federal Government.
When the war ceased, this bureau practically
ceased with it, because the necessities of the
case no longer called for such an organization.
It is now sought by this amendment and by
the continuance of the so-called bureau of edu-
cation to perpetuate a bureau organized origin-
ally as a war measure. Sir, I call upon mem-
bers of this House to reflect a moment as to
where this thing will necessarily end. I ask
members to consider the question whether the
Government of the U nited States has unlimited
power, whether we can organize an educa-
tional department, or a department for the
distribution of alms; and if so, whether this
power of appropriating public money for char-
itable or educational purposes is to be con-
fined to one particular race and to one partie-
lar class of people. For, sir, there are in the
northern States men who need to be educated;
there are in the northern States men who need
to be fed and to be clothed, as you are now
feeding and clothing and educating freedmen
at the public expense. Sir, I submit that we
have no right to dispose of the public money
in this way; and even if we have, I am opposed
to selecting a particular class of people and
bestowing upon them all Our benevolent and
charitable (iontributions.
Mr. BUCKLEY. Mr. Chairman, I have
sought the floor for the purpose in part of re
plying to the remarks made by the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Wood] and the gentle-
man, from Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth,] who
have sought to convey the impression that this
