4324
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
Sir, this is not a day of adornment, but a
day for relief; the country does not expect at
our hands this day lavish expenditures of
money to enlarge and beautify the seat of
Government; they do expect at our hands
some relief from those burdens which the con-
flict of the past years has rolled up on the
shoulders of this generation. Whatever in time
to come, in the future prosperity of this coun-
try, the nation's pride and the nation's liber-
ality will be willing to expend round about this
Capitol, they propose first to make ready for
it by relieving themselves of this great debt
and of the taxes which it has entailed upon
them, and with an attempt to cut down other
expenditures to the lowest figure ; with a denial
to all other parts of the country of the erection
of a single new public building, whatever may
be the necessities of the case; with a stinted
and almost parsimonious appropriation of
money for the improvement of rivers and har-
bors, the opening up of great channels of com-
merce between the States, thus giving life and
prosperity to the stagnant and burdened in-
dustries of the country—it ill becomes those
who propose that kind of economy to turn
round and lavish the public money without
stint on the Capitol.
These were the considerations which oper-
ated on the minds of the Committee on Appro-
priations, a committee unanimously in favor of
a retention of the capital at this point. There
is no feeling in that committee except in favor
of retaining the capital here ; they believe, sir,
that this is the place for the capital. Around
this point the traditions of the country gather ;
here the history of the country took its start-
ing point; to this poiut alone the Old Thirteen
are linked; for the defense of this point tile
battle-fields of the nation have been soaked in
blood and the bones of our patriots and heroes
are now bleaching in the sun ; this point, too,
has been baptized with the blood of the last
and greatest martyr of all; and, sir, when they
remove the capital from here it is afloat, and a
nation with its capital afloat is a nation without
a center or a home around which pride and love
of country can cluster. It is because we are
the friends of capital retention that we are to-
day opposed to this attempt, in the midst of an
exciting struggle for its removal, to undertake
to make an impotent effort to fasten it here by
large expenditures of money, by what may be
called permanent improvements. They will bo
laughed at, in my opinion, by those who now
agitate the removal of the Capitol buildings.
They will contribute only to intensify and in-
crease that agitation rather than to diminish
and quiet it.
Sir, it is in vain, it is folly in those who love
this capital, and hope to see it remain here, to
go to work in this way, in face of this agitation,
and attempt to settle the question by loading
it down with appropriations. Those whose
ambition or whose inspiration leads them to
agitate this question do not count the cost; and
it matters not with them whether it be one
million or forty million dollars. They would
like to show liberality, as they might call it, or
extravagance, or whatever else you might call
it; and the $20,000,000 already expended here
is as nothing in their eyes to the idea of having
the capital of the nation located where they
desire. You may add to that $20,000,000
more, and in my opinion twenty new agitators
will spring up in consequence of it. There-
fore, whether you believe the capital should
remain here, or should go orwiilgo somewheie
else, those who wish it to remain here should
omit this attempt, and those who desire to see
it removed will, of course, omit it; and thus,
between them both, 1 trust the Treasury of the
United States will be saved from depletion to
the present amount of §1,500,000, and to the
ultimate amount of seven or eight million
dollars.
There is one other amendment, and of a
very different character, to which I will refer,
and then I will trouble the House no longer
at this time. I refer to the amendment of the
Senate numbered 36. l'hatamendment, which
the Senate has put upon this appropriation
bill, is one designed to exclude from the Court
of Claims every person who participated in
the rebellion under any circumstances, whether
ho has received a pardon or not. It is an
amendment prompted by a recent decision of
the Supreme Court of the United States. The
court in that decision has aroused public at-
tention by doing what it seems to me courts
should never do if they can avoid it—under-
taking to decide that which was not necessary
for the case, and to give an opinion in advance
upon matters not before the court.
In that opinion the court has said in refer-
ence to the clause in the statute that gives juris-
diction to the Court of Claims of applications
for the restoration, of property, in the cases gen-
erally known as cotton-claim and abandoned-
property eases, that clause which excludes
everybody who participated in the rebellion—
in tho I'adelford case the Supreme Court of the
United States has expressed the opinion that a
pardon, however extended, at whatever time,
so wiped out tho fact of rebellious conduct and
its consequences that the party having the par-
don would have a standing in the Court of
Claims precisely as if he had never been in-
volved iu tho rebellion. Now, the Senate were
of the opinion that if that were law the Court
of Claims was thrown open to all the rebels to
approach the Treasury through that avenue
and deplete it pretty extensively. They there-
fore adopted the amendment which will be
found upon page 15 of the printed bill and
amendments, For that amendment and the
clause to which it is attached the Committee
on Appropriations propose the following sub-
stitute :
J'rnvifleil, That no pardon or aivnicdy granted by
the President, wherhor general or special, by proc-
lamation or otherwise, noi1 any acceptance of ;■ ucii
pardon or amnesty, nor oaih taken, or oilier aet per-
formed in puisusncc or as a condition thereof, snail
l>e admissible on the part of any cLimant in tho
Oouit of Claims as evidence m suppoit of any claim
against the United states, or to abli di the,stand-
ins of any claimant in said court, or his l'i'-dit to
brins oi maintain suit therein, except where such
pardon and amnesty wore granted and oaths of alle-
giance and amnesty taken ill good laitli, during the
continuance of tho active operations of tho late re-
bellion, under tile inoclamarion of Preside.it Lincoln
issued in pursua,iii'.o oi' the thirteenth section of the
aet of Congress known as the "confhcatiun act/'
approved J uly 17, Ibdi', pleil.iinf; tho public lailh for
a restoration of tho rights oi property, and where
all the requirements and eondicions named in said
act and proclannnion have been iaiihfulty complied
with, and said oath of amnesty and alio,fiance kept
and maintnined inviolate. A:ut this is hereby de-
clared to be the truo intent and meaning iu tins
regard ot the several acts conicrnu.'!: juru^diet 1011 ou
the Court of Claims, mid of tiie said aet of July 17,
18(ii, and tho said proclamation of the President,
.Lincoln, lounuod thereon.
The Committee on Appropriations desire me
to state precisely the reason why they propose
this substitute ami ask the judgment ot tho
House upon it. We have not eared to go into
the question of tho legal effect of a pardon;
there is some difference of opinion 111 regard
to that matter. The old lawyers say that a
pardon wipes out all the offense and makes a
new man of him who receives it; and he stands
forth, after having been pardoned, as if he had
never committed any crime, with all the rights,
privileges, andstandnig thatlie would have had
if he hail never committed any crime. There
are others who believe that a pardon simply
wipes out the penalty and punishment for crime,
and leaves the party in the condition of one
only freed from punishment. Whether that be
so or not, whether or not it bo necessary that
the President should be authorized by statute
to issue these pardons, or whether a pardon
before conviction ami a pardon after convic-
tion ditfer at all in their elements or conse-
quences, the Committee on Appropriations
have not found it necessary to discuss. They
put their amendment upon one simple ground,
that of the plighted faith of the nation. If
I can have the attention of the House for a
few moments I will tell just what the com-
mittee mean by that. In the midst of the war,
in its darkest hour, Congress, by the thirteenth
section of the act of July 17, 1862, -provided
"that the President is hereby authorized at
any time hereafter, by proclamation, to extend
to persons who may have participated in the
existing rebellion in any State, or part thereof,
pardon and amnesty, with such exceptions and
at such times and on such conditions as he may
deem expedient for the public welfare."
In December of the next year, in pursuance
of this statute, and reciting it as his authority,
President Lincoln made this proclamation:
"Therefore, I. Abraham Lincoln, President of
the United States, do proclaim, deelare, and,make
known to all persons who have directly or by impli-
cation participated in tho existing rebellion, except
as hereinafter excepted, that full pardon is hereby
granted to them, with restoration of property, except
as to slaves and third persons."
This proclamation was made to the rebels in
arms in December, 1803. It is the opinion of
the committee that any rebel who upon that
promise laid down his arms and conformed to
those conditions had the pledge of Abraham
Lincoln that he should be restored to his rights
of property. The committee think that this
question, stands upon an entirely different
ground from that as to the legal effect of a
pardon. This proclamation was instrumental
in disarming or weakening the rebellion. Any
man who being at that time in arms accepted
these terms, came out from the enemy, laid
down his arms, took the oath and kept it, had,
in the opinion of the committee, Abraham Lin-
coln's promise of restoration of rights of prop-
erly. The case is in one view precisely the
same as if my colleague [Mr. Butler] or the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logax] had on
the battle-field offered to the enemy any con-
dition of surrender. The case is precisely the
same as when a garrison surrenders upon the
promise that on its surrender it shall have its
side-arms or its baggage.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWKS. I ask consent of the House
to proceed for fifteen minutes longer.
There was no objection.
Mr. DAWES. Now, Mr. Speaker, when
General Grant at Appomattox Court-House
promised General Lee and his men that if
they would lay down their arms and return
peaceably to their homes they should remain
there unmolested he held that the faith of the
nation was plighted to those men. And when
subsequently some of them were indicted in
j Virginia for treason, he throw himself between
those men and the indictments; he declared
that it would be asta.in upon his honor and the
honor of the nation to punish them in the courts
i for treason under those circumstances. What-
i ever may be thought of the propriety of that offer
on his part, it was made; upon the faith of it
| those men laid down their arms ; it should be
kept, and the nation is keeping it.
Tho Committee ou Appropriations confined
this view of the subject to men who accepted
this otter while the war was raging ; who dur-
ing the conflict of arms came out from tho
enemy and accepted this promise. The com-
mittee, in drawing their amendment, have lira-
|| ited it to those men, believing that no other
effect which may be given to that promise is con-
ii sislent with good faith. They know very well
!' that it is iu the power of Congress to prescribe
|| any terms upon which a man may go into the
jj Court of Claims and piosecute his case. We
j' may provide that no man who is not six feet
I] high shall sue in that court; we may impose
I! any condition we choose; and it may be said,
!| " Wo do not, by a restriction of this kind,
11 declare that these people, shall not have their
!| property restored; we only say that they
• j shall not have it restored through the Court ot
!| Claims ; they may get it in any other way they
!i may choose." But, sir, it seems to me we had
II better keep our promise to such mejj in its
