5268
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
carefully by the Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Howard,] and as I understand the scope of
the bill, and as it was understood there 
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
Nevada wishes'to explain the bill I will give
way to the Senator; but I have the bill before
me, and I want to show the Senator from New
York that he either has not examined the bill,
or else he understands it very differently from
what it seems to me. I wish to say to the
Senator from Rhode Island that he has not
examined the bill, or else the wording of the
bill is past my comprehension.
The Senator from New York hag said that
this is simply a bill to enable these parties to
make a railroad 
Mr. CONKLING. And to dispose of their
lands.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And to dispose of their
lands. The Senator from Rhode Island says
it is not a bill to authorize them to purchase
lands at all. Now, let us see what it does say.
Mr. POMEROY. To purchase what may
be necessary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us see what the bill
says, and whether wo can understand this
language:
That the general objects of sucli corporation are
and are hereby declared to bo, as follows: to pro-
mote and encourage emigration to, and establish
settlements on, the lands of said company in the San
Luis Park, in the Territories of Colorado and Now
Mexico, and, in connection therewith, to establish
such agoncies as it may deem desirable; to purchase,
hold, lease, sell, and mortgage any real estate sit-
uate in the San Luis Park in said Territories, or
either of them, now owned or contracted for by any
of the porsons naiood in the iirst section of this act,
his or thoir heirs or assigns.
Mr. ANTHONY. That is the point.
Mr. TRUMBULL. To purchase any lands
owned or contracted for by them, or their
heirs or assigns.
Mr. CONKLING-. "Now contracted."
Mr. CRAGIN. Will the Senator turn to
Urn close of that section and read the proviso?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The object, as is very
manifest from what I have read of this bill, is
lo authorize these parties to establish agen-
cies, I have no doubt, in Europe, where it may
hi! deemed desirable, to create a corporation
here of landed proprietors to establish agen-
cies in Europe and to lease and mortgage these
lands in perpetuity. You will have what the
Senator from New York is familiar with in his
own State; you will have the anti-rent riots in
your Territories after awhile under this pro-
vision.
Mr. ANTHONY. They do not pay rent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Rhode
Island announces now in advance that they do
not pay rent on the land; so I suppose he is in
favor of having the same state ol things that
we had in the State of New York.
Mr. ANTHONY. No; I say men do not
pay rent on their own lands; but this is to
enable this company to sell lands to immi-
grants.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is to enable them to
mortgage and lease without limitation. I wish
to ask the Senate of the United States if they
are in favor of building up a great land monop-
oly of capitalists to lease out in perpetuity the
lands in these new Territories? What will be
the condition of the population in the Territo-
ries of Colorado and New Mexico in this great
an d valuable San Louis park, the wonder almost
of the world, twenty years hence or fifty years
hence? All this land, no doubt, is bought up
or contracted for. Probably they have condi-
tional contracts in reference to land that will
votfer half these Territories, and they are to
s"nd to Europe and establish agencies wherever
. iu-y please, to induce people to go there. They
: i.- to lease lands 
Mr. ANTHONY. Do you object to that?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do to these leases in
perpetuity. There is no limitation in this bill.
They are to hold the land as long as they please.
The policy of the people of this country in this
Republic is to have the real estate of the coun-
try in a condition where it will be bought and
sold like personal property, and not have it
tied up in perpetuity by leases, as is proposed
by this bill.
Mr. CONKLING. May I ask the Senator
a question ? When we say, as we have done
repeatedly, that corporations chartered in the
District of Columbia, for example, using those
very terms, " may purchase, hold, lease, sell,
and mortgage real estate," does that mean that
they may lease it in perpetuity ; that there is no
restriction or regulation to be found in other
statutes existing in the place and applicable to
them?
Mr. CRAGIN. I propose by unanimous
consent to strike out the word " lease."
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask for the vote on my
amendment first.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Thisbillis objectionable
in its every feature. The whole character of
it is objectionable. I wish we could have the
attention of Senators to it, that we may see
where we are going. In the first place, it is very
objectionable for Congress to be engaged in
granting charters of incorporation in the Ter-
ritories of the United States for private pur-
poses.
Why, sir, you will have applications here
from gentlemen in the Territories directly to
establish a manufacturing corporatiou, to set
up a mill, to create a mining company. The
Senator from Iowa [Mr. Howell] says that
would be a good thing. Does he propose to
bring here to the Congress of the United States
the legislation in reference to creating all these
companies and corporations all over the coun-
try? We have more business now than we can
attend to properly.
Mr. HOWELL. I simply remarked in my
seat that the chartering of a manufacturing or
a milling company would be a good thing com-
pared with this monopoly of land.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 agree entirely with
the Senator in that respect.
Mr. WILSON. Wilithe Senator allow me
a moment only ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
reduction op tiii3 army.
Mr. WILSON. I ask that to-morrow even-
ing be assigned for the consideration of the
report of the committee of conference on the
Army bill, and such other bills as the Military
Committee have reported.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts asks unanimous consent that
to-morrow evening be assigned for the con-
sideration of the conference report on the
Army reduction bill, and other bills from the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object to all but the
Array reduction bill.
Mr. WILSON. I will take it in that shape.
Mr. COLE. I am opposed to making that
a special order, to the exclusion of business
that may be uncompleted to-night. There are
certain steamship bills that ought to be com-
pleted ; perhaps we can get through with them
to-night; but, if not, I want to go on with
them to-morrow night.
Mr. WILSON. I think there is to be some
accommodation in this body, some reference to
the public business, and that somebody is to
have something to say or do hero besides rail-
road and steamship companies and private
matters. I enter the motion that to-morrow
evening be assigned for the consideration of
the report of the committee of conference on
the Army reduction bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. Why not take the day
to-morrow?
Mr. WILSON. I should be glad to get it;
but here is my colleague on the Committee of
Appropriations, [Mr. Morrill, ofMaine,] who
wants to take up the naval appropriation bill
to-morrow. I am trying to save time, to push
business along, and every movement made in
that direction is met by an objection. I am
amazed at it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to assigning to morrow evening for the
consideration of the report of the conference
committee on the Army reduction bill ? The
Chair hears no objection.
Mr. McDONALD. I will not object if it ia
understood that it shall not interfere with the
special order for to-night, if that should be
unfinished.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Arkan-
sas will have to-night to take care of his bill;
but if he cannot get through to-night I do not
propose that he shall take to morrow night
from me.
The VICE PRESIDENT.. The Chair hears
no objection to the proposition of the Senator
from Massachusetts.
Mr. NYE. This is the way I am pushed
off every time. I am up here with a bill, cut
off every morning hour, and I cannot get a
vote on it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada objects.
Mr. NYE. No ; I do not object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the order
is made assigning to-morrow evening for the
report of the committee of conference on the
Army reduction bill.
freehold land and emigration company.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration ofthe bill (H. R. No.
2363) to incorporate the United States Free-
hold Land and Emigration Company, and to
confirm certain legislation in Colorado Terri-
tory.
'Mr. TRUMBULL. It is objectionable for
Congress to create corporations in the Terri-
tories for any purpose. If we can do it for
one purpose we can do it for another; and if
we commence in this instance, this will be a
precedent for doing it in others, just as the
Senator from Kansas to-day has said, that be-
cause we chartered the Union Pacific railroad,
and these other great railroads to build high-
ways across the continent and connect the dif-
ferent parts of the Republic, therefore that is
now a precedent for creating a private corpor-
ation in Colorada for the benefit of particular
individuals, and which has no national object
whatever in view.
Mr. POMEROY. I mentioned that as one.
There are five or six other cases.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And when the Terri-
tory becomes a State here is authority to these
parties to build railroads anywhere and every-
where, and to regulate the price of fare and
freight. There is no limitation in this bill at
all. These parties arc authorized to " con-
struct and maintain a railroad and telegraph
line from any point on lands of said company
in the San Luis Park to the nearest and most
practicable point on either the Kansas Pacific
railroad, the Union Pacific railroad, the Den-
ver Branch railroad, or the Atchison, Topeka,
and Santa F6 railroad ; and the said company,
for the purpose of building and operating such
railroad, shall have the right of way through
the public lands of the United States from and
between the points aforesaid," for some half
dozen railroads to any point they please on the
roads named. Colorado, when it becomes a
State, will have no power to determine where
the railroads shall be constructed. There will
be a great landed corporation, with authority
to lease out any lands for which it has con-
tracted, lands that it does not own at all, and
with authority to build railroads over these
lands to all these other railroads, and then we
grant to these individuals the right of way to
the extent of two hundred feet on each side of
their railroads.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator must know
that the right of way was once given by gen-
eral law, which was repealed about three years
ago, to any railroad company through the pub-
lic lands.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That applied to a rail-
road company chartered by the State or terri-
