8380
THS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May U,
from Connecticut [Mr. Khelogg] says that
because we have imposed a high duty on cop-
per we should now also do it on brass. I re-
peat again thus one wrong leads to another,
thus one impositioa upon the country forces
another imposition, thus one outrage upon the
consumer compels another outrage upon the
consumer. I trust that before we get through
this bill we will reduce the duty on copper, and
that we shall have the help of all the copper
men in the House to reduce the duties, be-
cause they have seen by practical experience
that they have destroyed some of the copper
manufactures of the country, the melting and
mixing of copper, and have in point of fact
thus reduced the price and value of the copper
itself.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would ask tha gentle-
man if he assumes to speak for the copper
interest?
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I am speak-
ing of the brass interest just now. It is the
brass interest which demands this enormous
duty of 4 cents a pound, an interest of which
the gentleman from Tennessee is a very hon-
orable representative upon the floor of this
House.
Mr. MAYNARD. I represent somewhat
the copper interest, and I thought that if. the
gentleman from New York also represented it
his views were somewhat different from mine.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I represent
here only the interests of the consumer. This
duty upon brass is a brazen demand which I
hope the House will not accede to.
Mr. KELLOGG. Mr. Chairman, I do not
propose to discuss this question at any length
in reply to the gentleman from New York, but
I will simply say that this duty uppn old brass
is made precisely in accordance with the tariff
upon copper. If the gentleman will examine
the tariff upon copper of Febrnary, 1869, he
will find that copper is put in at the same duty
precisely that brass is here. Now, although I
might agree with the gentleman from New
York as to the injustice of that copper tariff
upon certain manufactures, yet if he speaks
f or the consumer he must know that there has
not been a day for five years when copper was
as cheap as it has been since that tariff was
passed. Copper and brass both are cheaper
to-day and cost less to the consumer by several
cents a pound than they did prior to the pas-
sage of the tariff of1869. It may have beggared
one or two manufacturers; it may have ruined
one in Baltimore, and perhaps one in Massa-
chusetts, for aught I know. But so far as the
country at large is Concerned, so far as the
interests of all the consumers are concerned,
the tariff on copper passed a year ago has
made copper lower by several cents a pound,
as every one familiar with the subject knows,
than it had been for five years, or perhaps for
ten years. So far as the interests of the con-
sumers are cqnceftied they have iio right to
complain of thfe tariff of last year on copper.
Mr. Btf&CHAifcD; I would ask the gen-
tleman if we are not a copper-exporting rather
than an importing country ?
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was taken on the amendment,
and it was rejected—ayes. thirty-three, noes
not counted.
The Clerk read as follows:
On brass in shoots or wire, 45 per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Thatisarise
of 10 per cent, ad valorem on brass in sheets
or wire. It is now 35 per cent., and here it is
put at 45 per cent. I move to reduce it to the
old duty of 35 per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. KELLEY. I think the gentleman is
mistake®. The. duty here proposed is the
same as under the existing tariff.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Why, then,
put it in this bill?
Mr. KELLEY; - The duty is t,he same as
under the exifeting'Urir, but.there maybe some
modification of the phraseology.
Mr. SCHENCK. Brass is now subject to a
duty of 45 per cent, ad valorem when in the
shape of plates, sheets, or wire. A specific
duty has been put upon brass in plates by this
bill, while the ad valorem duty is left upon
\ brass in sheets or wire, thus changing the
I phraseology of the existing tariff.
Thequestion was then taken upon theamend-
1 ment moved by Mr. Brooks, of New York, to
[ strike out "45 per cent." and insert "35 per
cent.and it was not agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I move to
strike out this paragraph in order to recite the
provisions of the existing tariff upon this article.
1 "Brass, manufactures of, not otherwise enumer-
ated, 35 per cent, ad valorem.
" Brass, in plates or sheets, 35 per cent, ad valorem.
i " Brass, in bars or pigs, 15 per cent, ad valorem.
" Brass, old, only fit to be remanufactnred, 15 per
cent, ad valorem.
"Bras3, rolled, battery, or wire, 35 per oent. ad
valorem.
"Brass, as above, and all manufactures of, ol which
copper is a component of chief value, 45 per oent.
ad valorem."
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. It says
" brass, as above."
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Yes, I know
that. The rate proposed in the bill under
consideration is a general rise in the duty on
the principal articles of brass.
Mr. SCHENCK. Copper being a component
of chief value.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Braes in
sheets or wire is 85 per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. SGHENCK. I think the gentleman
should know more about brass than that, and
would understand that copper is a component
of chief value, and therefore affected by what
is called 1' the copper-tariff bill.'' The gentle-
man is reading from Ogden's Compilation of
the Tariff, in the later editions of which he will
find the copper-tariff bill.
Mr. KELLEY. By the act of February 24,
1869, the duty on all these articles was raised
to 45 per cent., copper being a component of
chief value.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Ogdenhasit
here, and I am sure he is right: "brass, in
sheets, 35 per cent, ad valorem.*'
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. It also
says "brass, as above, and all manufactures
of," &c., 45 percent, ad valorem.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. What differ-
ence does that make ?
Mr. KELLEY. The object of making this
alteration is to secure uniformity. Brass comes
in now at some ports as a product of copper
at 45 per cent., while at other small custom-
houses on the frontier brass is still admitted
under the old brass duty of 35 per cent, ad
valorem. In that way some merchants are pay-
ing 46 percent., while others are paying 35 per
cent, upon the same artiele of brass; the one
under the act of February 24, 1869, where it
is enumerated as a manufacture of which cop-
per is a component of chief value; the other
under the old tariff upon brass. The Commit-
tee of Ways and Means thought it would be
better to give the article of brass its express
place at the existing rate, so that nobody should
be misled by Ogden's or Heyl's Compilation of
the Tariff, and so that the letter of the tariff
shall show what the meaning of the law is in
that respect. This is to clear away an embar-
rassment in the present law.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Why not put
it at 35 per cent. ?
Mr. KELLEY. Because the present rate is
45 per cent. More than one half of the zinc
works of the country haviag stopped, we see
no reason for reducing the duty on the chief
products of zinc, which brass or spelter is.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I have heard
that err for forty years.
Mr. KELLEY. Well, it is true.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. If they can-
not live on 85 per cent, protection they ought
to die, and everybody concerned with them.
The qttefetidft teas then taken on the motion
of Mr. Brooks, of New York, to strike out the
paragraph ; and upon a division there were—-
ayes thirty-seven, noes not counted.
So the motion to strike out was not agreed to.
No further amendment being offered, the
next paragraph was read, as follows:
On castings of brass or bronze, and on all manu-
factures or articles of brass or bronze, or of which
brass or bronze shall bo a component material of
chief value, not otherwise provided for, 45 per cent.
ad valorem.
Mr. COX. I move to amend this paragraph
by striking out " 45" and inserting " 35," aiid
by adding, '' on castings and articles made
entirely of zinc 35 per cent, ad valorem1
make this motion for the purpose of calling
the attention of the honorable chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means to the fact that
there are, according to my information, anum-
ber of castings which are made entirely of zinc.
Now, bronze, as I understand, is an alloy of
copper with ten or twenty per cent, of tin or
other metals, generally zinc. This is the com-
position of bronze according to the dictionary
which I have here. The clause now under
consideration proposes a duty of 45 per cent.
ad valorem on castings of brass or bronze. I
have in my hand a letter from John Wilson &
Sons, dealers in ornamental bronzes in New
York city. They say :
"We import what we know technically as 'real
bronze' and ' imitation bronze,' statuettes, groups,
&c., for mantel sets. The former ia made of brass,
and is worth on an average, other things, sueh as
the amount of labor on them, &c., being equal, fully
four times as much as ' imitation bronze.' The lat-
ter is mado' entirely of zinc, and of course sells to a
far greater extent than the former. Previous to the
passage of the late bill increasing the tariff on cop-
per and brass from 35 to 45 per cent., onr bronzes all
paid 35 per cent. Since that act the officials here
not only claim 45 per cent, on real bronze, but also
on the imitation bronzes, which are all zinc."
The purpose of these gentlemen in writing
to me is not to have the tariff reduced or in-
creased in respect to these articles, but to have
the duty on each so specifically stated that the
dealers and the custom-house officers may be
relieved from all difficulty. Hence I have pro-
posed to deduce the duty provided in this para-
graph to 35 per cent, ad valorem, and to make
a distinct charge of 35 per cent, on castings
and articles made entirely of zinc. I hope that
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sc6enck] will
assist me in having this matter made clear, so
that there shall be no trouble at the custom-
house and no doubt among importers as to the
duties which they ought to pay.
Mr. SCHENCK. It seems to me the gen-
tleman answers his own objection. He is fearful
that under the general law of 1869—which is
called the "copper law," and which places a
tariff of 45 per cent, ad valorem upon all arti-
cles of which oopper is a component part of
chief value—articles not made of brass or
bronze, but imitations of those metals, may be
required to pay aduty of 45 per cent. Now, sir,
so far as brass is concerned, I am sure my friend
from New York knows too much about the real
article -to be ever mistaken in regard to an
imitation. If the articles to which he refer*
are only imitations of brass or bronze, there
is no danger of their being included in this
description. If they be really composed ol
brass or bronze, a composition of which cop-
per is a component part of chief value, they
will pay the duty of 45 per cent.
The object of proposing the bill in this shape
has been explained by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley, ] my colleague on
the Committee of Ways and Means. At this
time there are continual squabbles and doubts
arising as to articles of brass and articles of
bronze, whether they ought or ought not to
come in at a duty of 45 per cent, under the
provision imposing that rate of duty upon arti-
.oles of which copper is a component part ot
chief valne. Our design is to clear away a"
doubt of this kind. The provision surely can-
not affect articles which are only imitations,
which are composed of entirely different metw.
