180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
of manufactures were again worthless. In 1880
the attempt to take them was abandoned. In
1840 there were schedules of population and
manufactures and some inquires relating to
education and employments.
The law of May 23, 1850, under which the
seventh and eighth censuses were taken, marks
an important era in the history of American
statistics. This law owes many of its wisest
provisions and much of the success of its exe-
cution to Mr. Joseph C. G. Kennedy, under
whose intelligent superintendence the chief
work of the last census was accomplished.
This law marks the transition of the American
census from the merely practical to the scien-
tific phase. The system thus originated needs
correction to make it conform to the later re-
sults of statistical science and to the wants of
the American people. Nevertheless it deserved
the high commendations passed upon it by
some of the most eminent statisticians and
publicists of the Old World.
While recognizing the great relative merits
of the last census it is also evident that the
important advances made in social science and
the great changes that have occurred in our
country during the last decade require a revis-
ion of the law.
To this end I shall examine the principal
defects in the methods and inquiries of the
existing law, and shall point out the remedies
proposed in the pending bill.
I.—DEFECTS IN THE PRESENT METHOD OF TAKING THE
CENSUS.
1. The work of taking the census should no
longer be committed to the charge of the United
States marshals. These officers belong to the
judicial department of the Government; are
not chosen with a view to their fitness for cen-
sus taking or any statistical inquiry ; and
■whether so qualified or not, the greatly increased
duties devolved upon them by the revenue laws,
bankrupt laws, and other legislation since the
last ccnsus was taken make it more difficult
now than ever before for them to do this work
and do it well; and in the popular mind they
are so associated with arrests and seizures that
their census visits will create uneasiness and
suspicions.
The unequal size of territory embraced in
their several districts leads to an unequal and
unwise distribution of the duties of supervision,
and this injuriously affects the uniformity,
promptness, and efficiency of the work. One
is charged with the supervision of 'all the cen-
sus work in Massachusetts, with its million and
a quarter of inhabitants, while another super-
intends a district embracing but one half of
Florida and a population of seventy thousand,
and another has but one third of Alabama and
a population of three hundred and twenty
thousand.
There are sixty-two judicial districts and as
many marshals. Thirty-three of the States
and Territories compose each a single district.
Ten States contain two districts each, and three
are divided into three districts each.
This is not only an unequal distribution of
duty, but the growth of the country has made
many of the districts too large for any one man
to perform thoroughly and expeditiously the j
work of supervision. ' '
2. Too much time is allowed in taking the I
census and publishing its results.
The law of May 23, 1-850, under which the
seventh and eighth censuses were taken, allows
live months in which to make the enumeration
and make the returns to Washington, and au-
thorizes the Secretary of the Interior to extend
the time in certain cases. It contains no pro-
vision concerning the time of publication. As
a consequence the main report for 1850 was
not printed till 1853, and the volume relating
to manufactures was not printed till 1859. The
preliminary report of 1SG0 was not printed till
18G2 ; the full repoits on population and agri-
culture were delayed till 1884, and those on
manufactures and mortality till the end of
1866.
It has been strongly urged that the enum-
eration should be made in a single day, and
the example of England is cited to show that
it is practicable. The inquiries made in the
British census are very few in number, and
almost exclusively confined to facts of popula-
tion. _ General statistics are not provided for
in their census.
Again, the small extent of territory to be
traversed and the density of the population
make it possible to carry out a plan there which
would prove a disastrous failure here with our
vast areas and sparse population.
The census is our only instrument of general
statistics, and must be more elaborate than that
of countries having permanent statistical bu-
reaus ; and as our enumeration is not of the
actual but the legal population, a longer time,
say one month, can safely be allowed.
0. Another important matter (which affects,
also, the question of time) is the present objec-
tionable method of obtaining the population
statistics. The census-taker calls on a family
and spreads before them his array of blanks,
which they then see for the first time. Suspi-
cions of his inquisitorial character must be
allayed ; fears that it is an assessment for pur-
poses of taxation must be quieted ; the subject
must be explained, the memories of the family
stimulated, and the data they furnish criticised
and recorded.
A very capable gentleman, who was an assist-
ant marshal in 1800, has estimated the average
time required for each family, exclusive of
travel, at thirty minutes. Thus an honest day's
work would accomplish the enumeration of not
more than twenty families. Par more import-
ant than the waste of time is the inaccuracy
which must result from this method. It is not
reasonable to suppose that a family can in half
an hour make anything like a complete and ac-
curate statement of a great number of details to
which they have not previously given any special
attention.
4. The operations of the census office un-
der the present law are not sufficiently confi-
dential. The citizen is not adequately pro-
tected from the danger, or rather the appre-
hension, that his private affairs, the secrets of
his family and his business, will be disclosed
to his neighbors.
The facts given by the members of one fam-
ily will be seen by all those whose record suc-
ceeds them oil the same blank ; and the undi-
gested returns at the central office are not
properly guarded against being made the quarry
of bookmakers and pamphleteers.
5. The rule of compensation is arbitrary,
complicated, and of doubtful wisdom.
One rule is followed in paying the officers
and employes at the central office, another for
the marshals, and still another for the assist-
ant marshals. One principle of compensation
is adopted for enumerating the inhabitants;
another for taking the statistics of industry ;
another for mileage; and still another for copy-
ing returns.
It has been charged, on what appears to be
reasonable grounds,that these rules offer tempt-
ations to exaggerate some parts of the returns
and to make constructive charges which swell
the expenses to an unreasonable degree.
It should be added that the great change
which has occurred in prices and wages since
the passage of the law makes the rule inappli-
cable to the present condition of affairs.
To remedy these defects this bill provides
that the enumeration shall be made by persons
chosen for their special fitness for such work,
and in no way connected with the national con-
stabulary or with the assessment or collection
of taxes.
The districts should be much smaller than
tlicy now are—so small that one man may intel-
ligently arrange the work, designate census-
takers of whoso qualifications and fitness he
may easily h^ve full knowledge, and personally
supervise and unify all the work within bis
jurisdiction.
The congressional district seems to be the
most convenient and appropriate unit of class-
ification for the States; and each Territory
may properly, as under the present law, con-
stitute a district.
Separate schedules, at least for the house-
hold, the farm, and for manufacturing and
commercial and other industrial establishments,
are to be distributed before the day to which
the enumeration relates, so that the people may
be familiarized with the inquiries made and
that, as far as possible, without the aid of the
census-taker, the blanks may be filled up.
This will insure greater correctness and will
greatly reduce the time required for the enum-
eration. By the use of these schedules and
the organization provided in the bill it is be-
lieved that the enumeration may actually be
completed in one month from the 1st of June.
We have put into the law and into the official
oath of all officers and employes of the bureau
a provision that the returns of the census shall
be confidential; that the business of no citizen
shall be made public, and that the returns of
money values shall not in any way be made the
basis of taxation nor be used as evidence in
the courts.
These provisions of the law should be printed
on the schedules, and the President should
issue his proclamation calling upon all the
people to aid in making the returns as full and
accurate as possible.
A liberal compensation in the simple form
of salary -or per diem, with no mileage or con-
structive charges, is provided, and the time
during which persons may receive compensa-
tion is carefully restricted.
A sufficient clerical force is provided in the
census office in Washington to tabulate, con-
dense, and arrange the whole for publication
within two and a half years after the returns
are in.
The results ought to be published in a form
considerably more condensed than in the last
report.
II—DEFECTS IN THE INQUIRIES PRESCRIBED IN THE
SCHEDULES OF THE PRESENT LAW.
1. Statistics of Population and Mortality.—
As numbered in the census of 1800, the first
three schedules relate to statistics of popula-
tion and mortality; the second had exclusive
reference to slaves. We are now happily one
people, and need but one schedule of popula-
tion.
All the inquiries retained from the three have
been entered on the family schedule, and by
dropping the nine inquiries of the~slave sched-
ule other important ones have been added
without greatly increasing the aggregate num-
ber. Noneofthe inquiries ofthe first and third
schedules have been wholly omitted, bat sev-
eral have been modified. That relating to color
has been made to include distinctively the
Chinese, so as to throwsomelighton the grave
questions which the arrival of the Celestials
among us have raised.
The committee believe that the value of the
inquiry in regard to children attending school
will be greatly enhanced by requiring the enum-
erator to enter under that head the grade of
the school, whether a common school, acad-
emy, college, or professional school. This has
been done on the schedule relating to educa-
tional institutions. The registration of those
who cannot read and write is required in the
old law only in cases of persons twenty years
of age and upward. This class has been
extended to persons fifteen years old. It is
more important to know how many illiterate
persons there are between the ages of fifteen
and twenty than at any later period, 1'or between
ten and twenty it is usually determined whether
an education is gained or lost.
The last column of the first schedule has
been so amended as to exhibit more fully the
physical forco of the country. The war has
left us so many mutilated men that a record
should be made of those who have lost a limb
or have been otherwise disabled, and the com-
