i86a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
181
• mittee have added an inquiry to show the state
of public health, and the prevalence of some of
the principal diseases. Dr. Jarvis, of Massa-
chusetts, one of the highest living authoiities
on vital statistics, in a masterly paper presented
to the committee urged the importance of
pleasuring as accurately as possible the effect-
ive physical strength of the people.
It^ is not generally known how large a pro-
portion of each nation is wholly or partially
unfitted by physical disability for self-support.
The statistics of France show that in 1851, in
a population of less than thirty-six millions,
the deaf, dumb, blind, deformed, idiotic,
and those otherwise mutilated or disabled,
amounted to almost two millions. We thus see
that in a country of the highest civilization the
effective strength of its population is reduced
one eighteenth by physical defects. What
general would venture to conduct a campaign
without ascertaining the physical qualities of
his soldiers as well as the number on his rolls?
In this great industrial battle which this nation
is now fighting we ought to take every avail-
able means to ascertain the effective strength
of the country. Beside the inquiries in these
schedules that have been amended a few new
ones have been added.
Since the present census law was passed an
International Statistical Society lias been organ-
ized, and the profoundest scholars of Europe
and America have united to give it authority
and efficiency in the treatment of social ques-
tions. At several of its sessions the subject of
national censuses has been very ably and elab-
orately discussed, and recommendations have
been made looking to greater efficiency and
uniformity both in methods and inquiries. A
collation and comparison o,f the personal sta-
tistics of twenty-seven modern States and na-
tions show that in all these States there have
been thirty-three different inquiries made in
regard to population. From these the inter-
national congrcss selected eight, which they
recommended to all nations as indispensable
for purposes of general statistical science, and
seven others which they urged the use of when-
ever it was practicable. Two of the inquiries
urged by the congress as indispensable are not
in the old schedule of population, but are here
added. One is the relation of each person to
the head of the family, whether wife, son,
daughter, boarder, servant, &c., and the other
is the civil or conjugal condition of each per-
son, whether single, married, or widowed.
These elements are the leading factors which
determine the power and value of the family as
a social and producing force, and in them are
infolded the destiny of the nation.
Two other inquiries not in our schedules ware
suggested as advisable, namely, the language
spoken and the religion professed by each per-
son. But in a nation whose speech is so nearly
one the first is hardly needed in addition to the
light that will be thrown upon this question by
the record of nationality, and the second might
be deemed an uncalled-for impertinence, and
the committee therefore omitted them.
It has been strongly urged, and with good
reason, that to the inquiry of the birth-place
there should be added the birth-places of the
father and mother of each person. This would
enable ns to ascertain the relative fecundity of
our American and foreign-born populations.
It has lately been asserted that the old ratio of
increase among our native population is rapidly
diminishing. If this be true the vitally import-
ant fact should be ascertained and its full extent
and significance determined.
The inquiry concerning parentage was in-
serted in the schedule by the committee. An
inquiry was also added in regard to dwelling-
houses, so as to exhibit the several principal
materials of construction, as wood, brick, stone,
&c., and the present value of each. Pew things
indicate more fully the condition of a people
than the houses they occupy. The average
homo is not an imperfect picture of the wealth,
comfort, refinement, and civilization of the
average citizen. The census ought to show us
how comfortable a place is the average Amer-
ican home and how great a physical and social
force is the average American citizen.
I shall conclude the discussion of personal
statistics with one further statement.
The thirteenth and fourteenth amendments
of the national Constitution have radically
changed the basis of representation and pro-
vided for a redistribution of political power.
By the former two fifths of those who were
lately slaves are added to the representative
population; by the latter, the basis for each
State is to be determined by finding the whole
number of male citizens twenty-one years of
age whose right to vote is denied or abridged for
any other reason than participation in the rebel-
lion or other crime, and reducing the whole
population in the proportion which the number
thus excluded bears to the whole number of
adult male citizens.
The census is our only constitutional means
of determining the political or representative
population. The fourteenth amendment has
made that work a difficult one. At the time
of its adoption it was generally understood that
the exclusion applied only to colored people
who should be denied the ballot by the laws of
their State. But the language of the article
excludes all who are denied the ballot on any
and all grounds other than the two specified.
This has made it necessary to ascertain what
are in fact the grounds of such exclusion, and
the Census Committee have compiled a record
from the constitutions and laws of the several
States from which exclusion from the privilege
of voting (otherwise than on account of rebel-
lion or other crime) may be stated in nine gen-
eral classes, as follows :
1. Oil account of race or color 10 States.
2. On account of residence on lands of Uni-
ted State*  2
On account,ofre-idoiice less than required
timo in United State*  2 "
On account of residenco in Stateless tiian
required time, (six different specifica-
tion!,) "
On account of residence in counts-, city,
town," district, &e., (eighteen different
specifications,)   37
3. Wanting property qualifications or non-
payment of taxes, (cightspec'ifications,) 8 "
4. W anting literary qualifications, (two
specifications.)   2 "
On account of character or behavior, (two
specifications)  2 "
<i. On account of sorvices in Army 01 Navy, 2
7. On account of pauperism, idiocy, and
insanity, (seven specifications,)....; 24 "
8. Requiring cortain oatlis as preliminary
to voting, (two specifications,) 5 "
9. Oilier causes of exclusion, (two specifica-
tions,)  2 "
After much reflection the committee could
devise 110 bettor way thau to add to the family
schedule a column for recording those who are
voters, and another with this heading, copied
substantially from the amendment: "Citizens
of the United States being twenty-one years of
age whose right to vote is denied or abridged
011 other grounds than rebellion or crime." It
may be objected that this will allow the citizen
to be a judge of the law as well as the fact, and
that it wiil be difficult to get true and accurate
answers. I can only say this is the best method
that has been suggested.
Dr. Jarvis presented to the committee an
able argument in favor of taking the actual as
well as the legal population of the country.
While I acknowledge the scientific value of
such an enumeration, yet it is evident that to j
take it with sufficient accuracy the enumeration j
must be made in so short a time as to endanger 1
the fullness and accuracy of answers in the other
schedules, and the two results thus obtained
would greatly complicate and increase the diffi-
culty of determining the representative popu-
lation.
The committee gave to the schedule of agri-
culture a very careful and protracted consid-
eration. ^ The schedule, as suggested by the
Commissioner of Agriculture, contained two
hundx-ed and forty-six columns of inquiries.
After repeated revisions and considerations
of the material presented the committee set-
tled upon the schedule reported in this bill,
which sontains seventy-three columns, to which
a few others have been added by the House,
and is, I venture to claim, a great improve-
ment on the schedule of the old law, which
contained forty-eight inquiries. The additions
made in the corresponding schedule in this bill
may be classified as follows:
1. An inquiry to show by what tenure the
occupier holds his farm, whether as owner or
tenant.
2. An extension of the present classification
of lands as "improved or unimproved," so as
to exhibit separately the acres cultivated aud
not cultivated, and the acres of woodland and
of uncultivated pasture.
3. An inquiry into the value of farm build-
ings other than dwelling-houses.
4. An inquiry into the total value of all labor
expended on the farm during the year.
5. An inquiry into the average number of
cows milked during the year.
6. A separate exhibit of the cheese made on
the farm and that made at factories.
7. Instead of the present exhibit of the
aggregate value of all slaughtered animals, a
separate statement of the value of slaughtered
cattle, hogs, and sheep.
8. A statement of the value of all the poultry
011 the farm and the value of its product during
the year.
9. In addition to the statistics of wine pro-
duced a statement of the value of grapes sold
which were not made into wine.
10. An omission from the schedule of
"water-rotted hemp." It is not thus treated
in this country, as in 1859 was supposed it
would be.
11. An omission also of the silk culture,
which has not fulfilled the promise of the days
of morns multicaidis.
12. A statement as regards all the principal
crops, of the acreage as well as the amount of
product. The importance of this last element
cannot be overestimated. Without it we can-
not learn the yield of the several products in
different localities, and the increase or decrease
of that yield at different periods. It is well
j known, for example, that the center of the
i wheat product has been rapidly moving west,
1 but its track and rapidity of movement cannot
be traced without knowing both the acres sown
and the bushels produced.
It is believed that the schedule thus amended
will enable us to ascertain the elements of those
wonderful forces which have made our country
the granary of the civilized world ; will exhibit
also the defects in our agricultural methods,
and stimulate ourfarmers to adopt those means
which have doubled the agricultural products
of England since the days of the Stuarts, and
have more than doubled the comforts of her
people. The extent of that great progress can
be seen in such facts as these: that "in the
reign of Henry VII fresh meat was never eaten
even by the gentlemen attendant on a great
earl except during the short interval between
midsummer and Michaelmas," because no
adequate means were known of fattening cattle
in the winter, or even of preventing the death
of one fifth of their whole number each year ;
that Catharine, queen of Charles II, sent to
Flanders for her salad, which the wretched
gardening of England did not sufficiently pro-
vide.
Russia alone of European States makes any
considerable surplus contribution to the food
ot the world. The United States must con-
tinue to be the main source of supply. Tho
fact stated by Mr. S. B. Iiuggles, delegate of
the United States to the International Statis-
tical Congress, which met at the Hague in Sep-
tember last, is of startling importance: that in
1868 the whole of Europe, with a population
of 290,123,293 souls, produced cereals to the
amount of 4,781,510,604 imperial bushels, or
sixteen bushels to each person ; while the Uni-
ted States during the same year, with a popu-
