3870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
479
41st Gong....2d Sess.
Education—Mr. Hoar.
Ho. of Reps.
commerce and the great subjects that pertain
thereto, of foreign intercourse, with the attend-
ant powers of war, peace, and treaties, the
denial to the States of the power to do any
act inconsistent with republican equality, the
compulsion of the States by national authority
to do all things necessary to its maintenance,
all powers of Government are reserved to the
States. For all purposes of commerce and
foreign intercourse, a republic, a unit, speak-
ingwith one voice; for alu purposes of domestic
government, many republics, various, diverse,
free to seek their own welfare, to make their
own laws, to regulate their own institutions in
their oitfn way, only by an irresistible central
power prohibited from doing wrong and con-
strained to do right in those tilings which are
essential to republican liberty.
When, therefore, the power of Congress is
invoked in a matter not pertaining to com-
merce, and confessedly of domestic regulation
and concern, the question of constitutionality
is this: is the exercise of this power by the
nation essential, indispensahle to the main-
tenance of republican government? If it is
not, it is prohibited ; if it is, it is conferred.
Another mode of statement brings us to the
same result. The powers of Congress are
usually divided into two classes ; those ex-
pressly enumerated in the Constitution and
those implied as reasonably necessary to carry
the express powers into effect. The latter,
however, are as truly express powers as the
former, by virtue of the authority expressly
vested in Congress, "to make all laws which
shall be necessary and proper for carrying
into execution the foregoing powers, and all
other powers vested by the Constitution in the
Government of the United States or in any
department or officer thereof." Now, if from
the grant to the Government of any special and
particular franchise the right to do all things
necessary and proper to carry that franchise
into effect is implied, surely from the grand
anterior franchise to be a Government the right
to do everything indispensable to the continu-
ance of that Government is implied. The recent
exercise by the Government of the power to
suppress rebellion, to reduce hostile communi-
ties to the authority of the national law, to
defend the forts and other public property from
domestic violence, was not unconstitutional or
ultra constitutional, justified only by the neces-
sity of self preservation, but in my judgment
an exercise of power as clearly contemplated
and implied in the Constitution itself as the
power to punish contempt is implied from the
establishment of a judiciary.
The Constitution not only establishes a na-
tional government, but a republican govern-
ment, securing to each citizen an equal voice
in the selection of its officers and an equal
weight in its administration. This equality
is affirmed by the Declaration of Independ-
ence to be an inalienable right with which all
men are endowed by their Creator, and its
security and protection are among the leading
objects which the Constitution is intended to
secure. Whatever, therefore, is indispensable
to enable the persons entitled so to share in
the Government to ejercise the duty and right
devolved upon them by the Constitution it is
within the power of Congress to secure by
law, if it is not otherwise accomplished; other-
wise a power vested by the Constitution in the
Government of the United States cannot, be
carried into effect in the mode which the Con-
stitution requires.
This doctrine of absolute equality of right, of
opportunity, of public influence, pervades the
entire American system. The people choose
their public officers, not solely or chiefly on
account of their confidence in the capacity
and character of the candidates, but as they
approve or disapprove their known opinions
on important public questions.
Let me not be misunderstood. I do not mean
to say that because the United States are a
nation for some purposes, everything that Gov-
ernments customarily do may be done by this
Government. But my position is that it may
constitutionally accomplish and require every-
thing without which the great powers conferred
by the Constitution cannot continue to be
exercised in the mode which the Constitution
designs. The Constitution, as now completed,
provides that every person born or naturalized
in the United States shall be a citizen thereof,
and that the right of any citizen to vote shall
not be abridged by reason of race, color, or
previous servitude. By the system thus estab-
lished all national questions are to be decided
in the last resort bythe opinion of the majority
of the voters. The permanent policy of the
country, the acquisition and disposition of ter-
ritory, the creation of new States, approbation
of their constitutions, war, peace, treaties,
taxes, imposts, finance, tariff, rights of citizen-
ship^—all these things are to be determined by
the judgment of a majority of the citizens, ex-
cept so far as the equal representation in the
Senate of States, the equal rights ofwhoseciti-
zens in all local elections are secured by the
same constitutional guarantees,imposes a check
on the direct and perfect operation of this prin-
ciple. The vote of the humblest black man in
Arkansas affects the value of the iron furnace
in Pennsylvania, the wheat farm in Iowa, or
the factory in Maine as much as does the vote
of its owner.
Now, if to every man in every State is se-
cured by national authority his equal share
in the Government surely there is implied the
corresponding power and duty of securing the
capacity for the exercise of that share in the
Government. If from the franchise of admin-
istering justice the power to build a court-house
is implied, certainly from the franchise to ad-
minister the affairs of a Government requiring
necessarily an educated people the power to
build a school house is implied. If the power
to levy war contains in itself the right to edu-
cate at the public expense officers, military
and naval, the right to determine by the in
telligent judgment of the whole people when
that war shall begin or cease, and for what
objects it shall be prosecuted, involves in it
the right to provide all the means and appli-
ances by which that judgment can be in-
structed. If the grand and imperial function
of determining all questions arising under the
Constitution, laws, or treaties of the nation, in
the trial of all offenses against the national
authority, in all controversies between States, I
or between their citizens and those of other
States or foreign countries, is to be lodged in
the last resort in jurors drawn from the body
of the people, who shall verify the facts in the
vicinity where they happen, surely the power
and the duty are implied to confer upon that
body of the people the necessary education to
enable them to understand and to decide these
high controversies.
Do the existing State instrumentalities secure
this education ? The Bureau of Education has
carefully prepared this estimate, which shows
approximately the present proportion of illit-
erate persons in this country:
"In regard to the number of persons in the Union
at present who cannot read or write, only an approx-
imate estimate can be reached, based on the census
of 1860. According to that census the number of
illiterate free per3ons over twenty years of age was
1.277,779. Assuming that during the last decade the
tree States have held their own, there probably has
been added to the white illiterates of the South by
the disturbing causes of the war about 500,000. The
number of adult illiterate ireedmen, allowing that
the colored population has not increased, may be
estimated at 1,734,551, thusinakingtbe total probable r
i llitera te a tpresent.over twenty years of afre, 3,512,330. ■
According to the census of 1860 the adult population. '
that is the population twenty years old and upward, ;
was 15.317,956, out of a total population of 31,443,321. ;
"The number of male illiterates over twenty, we I
may say voters,in the thirty-three States of the Union, [
not including Kansas, Nebraska, Nevada, and Ore-
gon, according to the census of 1860, is as follows:
total number of white male persons over twenty
years of ago unable to read or write, 612,721; total
number of colored male persons over twenty years
of age unable to read or write, 920,601—total,
1,534,325.
"It will be remembered the majority in the late
presidential election w 309,722."
This education, essential to the preservation
of the central idea of our Government, is essen-
tial also to the successful accomplishment of
its great leading objects. Among the great
objects enumerated in the preamble to the
Constitution are the following: to forma more
perfect Union, provide for the common de-
fense, promote the general welfare, and secure
the blessings of liberty.
TO FORM A MOKE PERFECT CHIOS.
It was on this account, in its tendency to pro-
mote union, that public provision for the edu-
cation of the people lay near to the heart of
Washington. Pew of the great measures of
Government originated with him. His mind
was a judicial, weighing, balancing mind,
determining with marvelous accuracy the
merits of measures originated with Hamilton,
Jefferson, or the other statesmen and coun-
selors by whom he was surrounded. But his
most earnest desire was that Congress should
make public provision for education. His
first annual address contains the following
language:
"Nor am I less persuaded that you will agree with
me in opinion that there is nothing which can better
deserve your patronage than the promotion of science
and literature. Knowledge is in every country the
surest basis of public happiness. In one in which
tho measures of government receive their impres-
sions so immediately from the sense of the com-
munity as in ours it is proportionably essential. To
tho security of a free Constitution it contributes in
various ways, by convincing those who are intrusted
with the public administration that every valuable
end of government is best answered by tho enlight-
ened confidence of tho people, and by teaching the
peoplo themselves to know and *to value their own
rights; to discern and provide against invasions of
them; to distinguish between oppression and the ne-
cessary exercise of lawful authority; between bur-
dens proceeding from a disregard to their conven-
ience and those resulting from the inevitable exigen-
cies of society; to discriminate the spirit of liberty
from that of licentiousness, cherishing the first, avoid-
ing the last, and uniting aspcedy but temperate vigil-
ance a-gainst encroachments, with an inviolable re-
spect to the laws. Whether this desirable object
will be best promoted by affording aid to seminaries
of learning already established, by the institution of
a national university, or by any other expedients,
will be well worthy of a place in the deliberations
of the Legislature."
When Hamilton sent to him the first draft of
the Farewell Address, Washington returned it
with an expression of regret that this topic was
omitted. He writes to Hamilton, September 1,
1796 :
"Revolving on the various matters it contained,
and on the just expression of the advice or recom-
mendation which was given in it, I have regretted
that another subject (which in my estimation is of
interesting concern to the well-being of this country)
was not touched upon also: I mean education gener-
ally, as one of the surest, means of enlightening and
giving just means of thinking to our citizens, but
particularly tho establishment of a university. Let
me pray you, therefore, to introduce a section in the
address expressive of these sentiments."
Hamilton replies, September 5, that he has
inserted a short paragraph concerning educa-
tion, but that a more extended discussion of
the subjects suggested by Washington would in
his judgment more filly find a place in the
speech to Congress at the opening of the ses-
sion. The sentence so inserted in the Farewell
Address, written in the original is on a piece
of paper wa-fercd over the principal page. It
is as follows:
"Promote, then, as an object of primary import-
ance, institutions for tile general diffusion of knowl-
edge. In proportion as the struoture of a Govern-
ment gives force to public opinion it is essential that
public opinion should be enlightened."
Again, in his last address to Congress he
recurs to this subject so near his heart, dwell-
ing especially on the desirableness of a national
