1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3381
zinc for instance. An imitation of bronze made
wholly or principally of zinc is not brass or
bronze. This description does not go beyond
the extent to which we hare desired to go; that
is, to include articles of which copper is a com-
ponent part of chief value.
Mr. COX. I wish to ask the gentleman
whether there is any provision for a duty on
any article composed entirely of zinc ? That
is what these gentlemen are interested in. The
imitation which they describe is composed sim-
ply of zinc.
Mr. SCHENCK. It will come under the
general provision in regard to manufactured
articles.
Mr. COX. What is the duty ?
Mr. SCHENCK. Twenty per cent., I think,
if the article is not described.
Mr. COX. The difficulty under which these
gentlemen labor arises from the uncertainty of
the present tariff rather than the amount of
the duty. -
Mr. SCHENCK. There is a general pro-
vision in reference to mixed metals, that on
albata, or white metal, argentine, German sil-
ver, and the like mixed metals, the daty shall
be 40 per cent, ad valorem, and on manufac-
tures or articles of nickel, albata, or white
metal, argentine, German silver, and the like
metals, the duty shall be 45 per cent, ad valo-
rem. If it does not come in under either of
those, and is not specifically mentioned, it will
then come in under unenumerated articles at
20 per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. COX. There iano definiteness about the
law.
Mr. SCHENCK. It is a question whether
brass and bronze, or an imitation of brass and
bronze, are the same thing.
Mr. COX. No, sir; if the gentleman will
look he will see that the paragraph refers to
castings of brass or bronze, and on all manu-
factures of brass or bronze, or of which brass
or bronze shall be a component material of
chief value. Brass is not zinc, and bronze is
not zinc, and the articles to which I have
alladed are made entirely of zinc.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman from New
York is aware that in making brass or bronze
only one fourth or one fifth part is composed
of emper. All we have done is to provide
here for articles of brass or bronze, or of which
brass or bronze shall be a component material
of chief value. If there be imitations of these
articles composed entirely of zinc, they would
not, of course, come within that description.
Mr. Cox's amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to call the attention of the committee to this
duty of 45 per cent, ad valorem on castings of
brass or bronze, and on all manufactures or
articles of brass or bronze, or of which brass
or bronze shall be a component material of
chief value, not otherwise provided for, and
to move, instead of 45 per cent, ad valorem, to
make it 10 cento per ponnd, which is a little
more than 45 per cent, ad valorem. The reason
fer that amendment is this: brass or bronze,
or articles of which brass or bronze is a com-
ponent material of chief value, are here dealt
with; but on what are known as bronzes the
material is not the chief value, but the exe-
cution of the work. The carving, the sculp-
ture, the design is the component part of chief
value. Ten pounds of brass or bronze, worth
S2, may be wrought into a form which is worth
a great deal more. They may be wrought into
a form for which there is no need of protection
]  this country, because our labor does not go
m that direction.
A bronze statuette, the value of which as
brass or bronze may be only $2 or $3, as a
^ork of art may be worth $30 or $40, liable
under this paragraph to pay a duty of some
515. Therefore, as a duty on brass or bronze
i ask this committee to consider whether it
would be so much per pound when the chief
value is not the material of which the bronzes
are composed, but the work put upon them ?
My proposition is that you ought not to tax
works of art as works of art. In the olden
time I know, when works of art came in free,
certaiu cunning importers brought in pig lead
cast into busts of Washington, Franklin, or
La Fayette. In that way they obtained their pig
lead free of duty. I do not wish that to be done
here; but I wish to ask the gentlemen of the
committee whether we shall tax works of art
as works of art. As the paragraph now stands
these bronzes will be taxed as works of art,
according to their value, and I propose that
the duty shall be imposed at 10 cents per pound
instead of 45 per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts makes an objection, which seems to
be this, if I understand him: that while a duty
of 45 per cent, ad valorem—the present duty,
and the paragraph only makes a change of
language to make the matter more clear;
that while the duty of 45 per cent, ad valorem
will answer well enough for the ordinary 1
domestic articles of brass or bronze, when it
comes to works of art, the chief value of which
is the design or execution, a duty of 45 per
cent, ad valorem will be excessive. I think I
that ia the objection. Now, the committee !
have thought this: that where works that de-
rive their chief value from the design, or execu-
tion, or artistic ability displayed on them were i
imported, they ranked among articles of lux-
ury, and ought to pay as high a duty ad valorem .
as the useful articles composed of the same !
materials, with certain exceptions. Those |
exceptions gentlemen will find set forth on j
pages 47 and 48. It is there provided that the
following articles shall come in free : ;
Paintings, statuary, fountains, and other works '
of art, the production of American artists residing
abroad: Provided, That the fact of such production
be verified by the certificate of any consul or minis- >
tor of the United States indorsed upon the written
declaration of the artist.
This exception is made for the encourage- I
ment of our own people. The next provision j
is that— j
Paintings, statuary, fountains, and other works of j
art, imported expressly for presentation to national I
institutions, or to any State, or to any municipal '
corporation— ;;
shall come in free. Then follows the provis-
ion that—
Philosophical and scientific apparatus,instruments,
and preparations, statuary, casts of marble, bronze,
alabaster, or plaster of Paris, paintings, drawings,
and etchings, specially imported, in good faith, for
the use of any society or institution incorporated or
established for philosophical, scientific, or literary
psrposqs, or encouragement of the fine arts, and not
intended for sale-
shall come in free. That is, we have put
upon the free list, in order to encourage Amer-
ican artists residing abroad, and in order to
encourage the bringing in of works of art, &c.,
for educational, philosophical, and other pub-
lic institutions, these articles if imported with
a view to the promotion of the arts and sci-
ences and not intended for sale. But then,
when it comes to be an importation for private
individuals, or to be sold afterward, of these
articles of. luxury, we provide that they shall
pay an ad valorem duty according to their
value. That was the design of the committee.
We supposed that these articles, being articles
almost purely of luxury and of high value,
because of their design and execution, the peo-
ple who imported them could afford to pay for
them in proportion t& their value, and that the
exception should only be in favor of that part
of the importation in which the public had an
interest.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend by striking out the last word, in order
to make a remark on what has just been stated
by the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means. I can understand the gentleman's
proposition when he desires to put a tax on
works of art and luxury. But my proposition
is that a duty of 45 per cent, ad valorem on
articles of this class will amount substantially
to a prohibitory duty. The rate will be so high
that the importation will not be made, and the I
country, therefore, will fail to get revenue from
these articles. I would not object to a rate of
45 per cent, it it could be collected; but if you
| put that duty on these articles of luxury I am
l afraid that you will cut off the importation so
I largely that you will cut off the revenue.
! Mr. SCHENCK. My reply to the remarks
] just made by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts is very simple. This 45 per cent, ad
valorem is the present duty, and if the gentle-
man will but look at the importations of these
articles of luxury from abroad, and particu-
larly from France, he will find that the quantity
brought in now is alarmingly great rather than
a matter to be deplored because it is too small.
Those who are disposed to indulge in luxurious
j appointments and ornaments of this kind for
their houses will not be deterred from obtain-
ing them because of the 45 per cent, ad valorem
charged upon them in the shape of duty. As
they are articles purely of luxury, bought by
the wealthy classes of our people, they will
indulge in those luxuries whatever they cost,
and are doing so now to an enormous extent,
far exceeding what one might naturally sup-
pose would be the importations of this kind.
This is the case notwithstanding this 45 per
cent, ad valorem, which is the present duty,
and which is all that we now propose. And so
far as importations from France are concerned,
of this or any other material, till the French
Government learns to be a little more liberal
in the matter of postal arrangements, I do not
care if we do on these articles of luxury, im-
ported in so large quantities principally from
Paris and the country surrounding Paris, put
on a duty which will even in some degree limit
the quantity brought here. The duty, how-
ever, does not seem to have that effect. And
all that we here propose is that those who
indulge in such luxuries should pay for them.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I with-
draw my amendment.
The Clerk read as fbllows:
On eyelets of every description, 6 cents per thou-
sand.
On pewter, Britannia, and all like mixed metals
of lead or tin, manufactured, 3 oents per pound.
Mr. AXTELL. I move to amend by strik-
ing out "■3" and inserting "2." I desire to
call the attention of the committee to the fact
that while the duty on these articles of pewter
and Britannia, which are principally com-
posed of tin, is raised from 2 to 3 cents, tin,
which now pays a duty of 15 per cent., is pot
on the free list.
Mr. KELLEY. If the gentleman will yield
to me for a moment I will correct him. They
now pay 2 cents per pound and 35 per cent.
ad valorem. Three cents is about equivalent
to that, doing away with the ad valorem.
Mr. AXTELL. I stand corrected on that
point. I did not find in the work I have been
consulting the 35 per cent.; I saw only the 2
cents. But I call the attention of the com-
mittee to the fact that while block tin and tin
in pigs are placed upon the free list, the articles
manufactured from tin are kept, as a distin-
guished gentleman on the committee advises
me, at about the same figure; or, as I under*
stand it, are raised, and raised very consid-
erably.
Mr. KELLEY. I beg leave to correct my-
self. Some of the articles are 35 per cent.
ad valorem, and some of them 2 cents a pound.
The gentleman is correct and I was in error.
Mr. AXTELL. Then, while tin is admitted
free, the duty on these articles is raised 33$ per
cent. This would seem to me to be inconsistent
and not certainly in the interest of revenue.
The sameistrue of sheet tin, to which my atten-
tion has been directed from the fact that re-
cently there have been developed on our west-
ern coast the only tin-mines in America, and
that we are now able, I believe, to supply the
country with tin. But at this time, tin being
placed upon the free list, will injare «s in our
mining interest, and I cannot see who reaps
the advantage when the articles manufactured
