1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1493
appropriation is intended specially for a certain
class of people. I deny this. The appropri-
ation is not designed simply for the freedmen
of the South. It is asked by the people of Mas-
sachusetts as much as by the people of Alabama.
In reply to the insinuation which is thrown out
here, I wish to say that the colored people of
the South have never asked at the hands of this
Congress anything but what the people of other
parts of the country have received ; and they
never will. They do not care about a simple
appropriation for the education of their chil-
dren : all they want is the opportunity to pro-
vide schools for their children, and as good
schools as are provided anywhere in the country.
1 have understood that the operation of this
appropriation is simply to furnish to the coun-
try the best organized system of schools. In
loflV a convention met in the State of Alabama
to form for that State a free constitution, the
only free constitution the State ever had. In
order that it might provide for a school system
to educate not only its colored people, but
thirty-seven thousand adult whites who could
not read or write, the committee on education
of that convention sent, as its first step, to the
Commissioner of Education in this city for
advice as to the best system possible for doing
this enormous work. I now ask that members
of this House who are in favor of giving to those
colored persons the same educational opportu-
nities enjoyed by the most favored citizens of
the Republic shall support this measure. We
ask for thom not merely education, not merely
civil and political rights; we ask that they shall
stand upon the same platform as other citizens.
We ask for nothing more.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, I am in favor
of this amendment. It proposes an appropri-
ation of but $14,500. There are those upon
this floor who oppose it because the amount
is so small. There are those who oppose it
because the amount is so large. There are
those who oppose it because it seeks to do for
the people what, these gentlemen say, belongs
to the States exclusively. There are those
upon this floor, I am afraid, who are opposed
to it because it seeks to do that whioh they do
not desire to have clone. Sir, I wish we were
in condition to make it more. We appropriate
8150,000 every year for the Agricultural De-
partment; and what is that for, sir, but to dis-
seminate agricultural education throughout the
land? Why did not we say on that subject that
that belongs to the State, and let each State
educate, as it pleases, its own agriculturists and
disseminate agricultural information as it may
please within its own State lino3? We appro-
priate two hundred and fifty or three hundred
thousand dollars every year to protect, to stimu-
late, and to disseminate information in refer-
ence to the inventive classes of the country
through the PatenlOffice. Why da we notleave
the inventive genius of every State to take care
of itself? Why do we not say to every State,
"Take care of that yourself?" It is because
the inventive genius of one State exercises, not
only an influence on the men of intellect in that
State, but upon the inventive genius of the
whole country and the material interests of the
whole country, and that whioh protects and
encourages and improves the mechanical or
agricultural skill of any one State has the tend-
ency, by dissemination and publicity, to encour-
age and improve and stimulate the agricultural
and mechanical skill of every other State in
the country. We are, sir, a band of brothers,
and whatever affects for good any one of the
States affects beneficially all the others.
It so happens that that which elevates the
voter in one State tends materially as well as
morally to elevate the voter in every other
state. The poor black man in Georgia and
Alabama and Arkansas has by constitutional
amendment been given the ballot equally with
the iron manufacturer in Pennsylvania and the
v.'heat-grower in Iowa. lie is to-day just as
much a voter wherever he may be as any other
citizen of the United States. The nation by
main forco has put into its Constitution, into
its fundamental law, that every man in this
broad land shall have the ballot. That is the
reason why this becomes a national affair. It
is our business that we should not turn our
back upon the correlative duty imposed upon
us to educate mid make safe that ballot as well
as we have made it universal. We have no
right to clothe the ignorant and degraded with
that power, and then, sir, to refuse to give to
these wards of the nation protection and safety
by throwing around them every safeguard for
the proper exercise of the ballot which may
be secured by a proper system of education.
We have given them the ballot, and it is our
duty to see that they shall not be denied the
education necessary to enable them to exercise
it properly and with safety.
Another thing. This District contains a
population of one hundred and fifty thousand,
and the Constitution clothes us with the obliga-
tion to see to its welfare, mental and moral a3
well as physical. There is no system of edu-
cation which can exist here but must be created
and maintained by us here in this Hall. And,
sir, $14,500 would be no extravagant sum, if
confined to the one hundred and fifty thousand
people of this District. But, sir, education has
no center. It has no-focus. It diffuses itself—
it cannot be otherwise—it diffuses itself through-
out the whole land, and its benign and benefi-
cent influence, which has blessed us hereto-
fore, is necessary to every State, and we must
not deny it through any refusal on our part to
any State or section of the Union. I hope
now, as this proposition has been debated for
some time, we shall be allowed to have a vote
on it.
Mr. WOOD. I understood the gentleman
from Massachusetts to say that when we have
placed the ballot in the hand of the freedman
it is our duty to educate him and make him fit
to use it. Let me also ask that gentleman
whether we have not likewise placed the ballot
in the hands of millions of immigrants who
have landed upon our shores, who have come
to this country and obtained the right of citi-
zenship ; whether we have not placed the ballot
in the hands of many of these who can neither
read nor write; and that being so, whether he
is in favor of appropriating the public money
in order to edueate them so aa to use the bal-
lot properly and with safety?
Mr. DAWES. This covers the whole, and
if an immigrant comes to a State where he
cannot receive the rudiments of a common
school education without the help ofthe United
States, and we have given him the right of suf-
frage, then I say he has some claim upon us to
grant him the means of education so that he
may use the ballot witfi safety. Unless there
is an understanding that the debate upon this
proposition shall now terminate 1 shall move
that the committee rise for the purpose of mov-
ing in the House that this debate shall be closed.
The CHAIRMAN. Tho chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations having made
the closing speech, the Chair will now consider
the debate as closed.
Mr. NIBLACK. Under what rule does the
Chair decide this debate to be closed?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understood
it to be clo'sed by common consent.
Mr. NIBLACK. I am a memher of the
Committee on Appropriations and have been
seeking the floor to be heard on this sulyect,
and I therefore object to any unanimous con-
sent. What amendment is now pending?
The CHAIRMAN. The amendments to the
amendment are considered to have been with-
drawn, and the only question pending is the
amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Annell.]
Mr. NIBLACK. Is there any amendment
to the amendment pending?
Tho CHAIRMAN. There is not. All the
amendments to the amendment of the gentle-
man from Tennessee have been withdrawn, and
that gentleman's amendment i3 the only one
pending.
Mr. NIBLACK. I am a member of the
Committee on Appropriations, and desire to
say a few words before the debate is closed.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Indi-
ana being a member of the committee, I can-
not object to his having an opportunity to speak
on this question.
Mr. NIBLACK. I move to amend the
amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee,
by reducing the appropriation $ 1,000. I desire
to say a fow words on this question, particu-
larly as the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations does not seem to be entirely
in harmony with the bill he has reported with
reference to this matter. A majority of the
members of the committee, however, are in
opposition to his views on this subject of the
bureau of education, and it is no matter of
surprise to us that he takes the position he
does, as his position has been fully understood
by us. We feel it is quite legitimate that he
should support the amendment of the gentle-
man from Tennessee. But I think some mem-
bers of the Committee on Appropriations should
be heard in support of this feature of the bill,
which omits any appropriation for education
under the national Government. It appears
to me that the question resolves itself simply
into this]: Shall we continue our State organi-
zations and the education of our people under
the State laws, or shall we prospectively
abandon that system and substitute a sys-
tem provided, sustained, and enforced by the
General Government? There is certainly no
necessity for the two systems existing together.
If we have systems of State education which
answer every purpose, then we do not need an
educational system at the hands of the national
Government. On the other hand, if we believe
State organizations, in view of what they have
done, and what they are doing, and consequently
what they are likely to do, are not going to
answer the purpose, then let us abaudon them
and seek a remedy in some such scheme as is
proposed by this amendment and of which it is
the initiative and intended to be the nucleus.
One of the main features of every system of
education with which I am acquainted is that
it is invested with power to prescribe the books
which the children shall use, so that there may
be a uniform system of school books.
Now, sir, this is a very great power to confer
upon even the school auperintende«ts of the
States. It creates a monopoly in the set of
books which are selected by the superintend-
ents for the different States, and consequently
often brings a fortune to the house which hap-
pens to have the publication or the control of
the books thus seleoted. Now, are we prepared
to give up thatpower, diffused among and exer-
cised by the several States, and confer it upon
the General Government, with the increased
patronago which is necessarily involved in in-
vesting that power in one man for the whole
United States? Jugt think of it gir; one man
invested with the power of selecting the kind
of* books to be used in all the schools of the
country. This would be an immense monop-
oly, and would bring a fortune to the puhlisher
of those books every year. It would practically
crush out all opposition and drive out of the
public schools every other form of school books.
Are we prepared to enter on such a scheme
as this?
[t may be considered that I am putting an
extreme case, but that is the result to which
this whole thing is leading. If we are to have
a national system at all which is to be effective,
we must give it a controlling power over all
other systems and organizations. Without this
controlling power it is utterly useless. If power
be given to enforce anything, there must bo
power to enforce everything that is necessary
to make the system efficient, including the
right to select the books the children must use,
