1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5269
torial authorities ; but we have not gone oil
granting such powers as these to any com-
pany anywhere.
This, as I say, is objectionable in the point
of creating corporations in the Territories at
all. Then it is objectionable, especially in the
character of the corporation that it is proposed
to create here. The last thing that we should
build up or sanction by legislative enactment is
a land monopoly in this country, and this is
nothing else. It is utterly at war with the
institutions of this country, and there is no
necessity for it.
If the gentlemen named in the first part of
this bill own lands in Colorado, it is very easy
for them to sell the lands without an act of
Congress. If they want to associate them-
selves together for the purpose of building
roads on their own lands, there is no difficulty
in doing that; they need no act of Congress to
do it.
Now, who is it that is authorized to do all
this? Just look at the looseness of this bill.
The corporation is authorized to purchase any
lands that any of the persons named in the
first, section of this act have contracted for.
Who are the persons ? They are William Gil-
pin, Ambrose B. Burnside, S. L. M. Barlow,
Charles A. Lambard, William IT. Reynolds,
Hiram Hitchcock, Henry W. Gray, Morton C.
Fisher, and such other persons as may be
associated with them and their successors.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is always so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us see whether it is
always so. Let us see what is this bill. They
are authorized to purchase in two of our Ter-
ritories any lands that any of these persons, or
any that may associate with them, have con-
tracted for, or that their successors may con-
tract for. Tliey are authorized " to purchase,
hold, lease, sell, and mortgage any real estate
situate in the San Luis Park in said Territories,
01- either of them, now owned or contracted
for by any of the persons named in the first
section of this act, his or their heirs or as-
signs." Any lands that any persons named
in the first part of this act, "his or their
heirs or assigns," may contract for, may be
held, leased, or mortgaged.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois will please suspend. The morning hour
has expired, and the river and harbor bill is
before the Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope my friend from
Michigan will allow a vote to be taken on this
bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is utterly impossible
for me to give way to-day.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then, sir, I wish to make
a personal explanation that will take only a
moment. I wish to apologize, not to the Sen-
ate, but to my friends at home, to whom I have
given very bad advice. They asked me if I
thought a bill would be permitted to pass Con-
gress allowing them to do what they choose law-
fully with their property and to build a rail-
road, asking nothing from Congress but the
right to lay the rails over the public domain,
not even asking for the usual grant of forty
acres for stations, watering-places, &e.; and
I was so foolish that I gave them the absurd
advice that I thought there would be no objec-
lion to it.
I see that my error, as lias been suggested
to rac by my friend from New York, is^ that
there should have been a provision in this bill
granting them alternate sections for twenty
miles on each side, and if the odd sections
were taken up, or the even sections were bet-
ter than the odd sections, that they should be
allowed to take the even sections; and then,
with certain exclusive privileges and grants,
1 have no doubt, from the experience we have
had this session, the bill would have gone
through. I never have seen such an amount
of straining at gnats and swallowing camels
as there has been on this bill and those bills
that have passed through here granting mil-
lions upon millions of acres of public lands
for the very purpose which this company ask
to accomplish without one dollar of aid from
the Government.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise to make a personal
inquiry^of my friend from Rhode Island, by
permission of the Chair and of my friend
from Michigan. I want to ask the Senator
from Rhode Island, as the Senator from Illi-
nois and the Senator from Missouri and my-
self have expressed some criticism upon this
bill, what he means by saying that there would
have been no opposition to this bill, evidently
meaning from us, if it had had a land grant or
money subsidy attached to it ?
Mr. ANTHONY. I did not refer to the
Senator from Illinois or to any other Senator
individually, but I meant to refer to the fact
that bills which differ from this only in that
they give large land grants are passed through
both Houses of Congress almost without oppo-
sition, and I cannot get this through.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, I simply wish to
say that the advice my friend gave his Rhode
Island constituents was perfectly correct; and
I am quite ready to go for a bill which shall
give them leave to dispose lawfully—I quote
his very words—of any land they may possess
in the Territory of Colorado or anywhere else,
and to give them the right to build a railroad
from it over the public lands, with or without
sections of land as may be agreeable to them,
to any place on the continent they want to go.
If that is what they want they can have it in
ten lines; but that is not the sort of animal
that is presented to us.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The river and
harbor bill is the regular order.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will yield to the Sen-
ator from Nebraska to make a motion.
RECESS FOR TO-DAY.
Mr. THAYER. I desire to ask the Senate
to consider the motion I entered yesterday,
that the Senate take a recess from half past
four to half past seven o'clock to-day, for the
purpose of considering the Oriental steamship
bill this evening.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is the altern-
ate day, and the motion for a recess is in order.
The Senator from Nebraska moves that the
Senate take a recess to-day for the purpose
of considering the bills indicated by him this
evening.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I object to the motion
in that form, but not to the recess.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That branch of
the motion requires unanimous consent at this
time.
Mr. HARLAN. If the motion is divided I
think there will be no objection to the first
part of it.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I have no objection to
the first part of the motion, for a recess.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the first part of the motion, that the Senate
take a recess to-day from half past four to half
past seven o'clock.
This branch of the motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on tlje latter branch of the motion, that
the bill (S. No. 338) to encourage the estab-
lishment of a line of steamships under the flag
of the Union for the conveyance of the mails
of the United States to European ports and
ports of India and China by way of the Suez
canal, and for promoting immigration from
Europe to the southern States of the Union,
and reducing the rates of ocean postages ; and
the bill (H. It. No. 2104) providing for refund-
ing the interest paid by the State of Massachu-
setts on money expended by her on account of
the war of 1812-15; and the bill (S. No. 929)
to facilitate the transmission of Asiatic, Aus-
tralian, and European merchandise into and
across the territory of the United States ot
America, and for other purposes, be the spe-
cial orders for the evening.
Mr. THAYER. That motion was entered
yesterday, and does not require unanimous
consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If this resolution
had been called up during the morning hour it
could have been adopted by a two-thirds vote;
but as the morning hour has concluded and
other business is now before the Senate, it is
subject to the eleventh rule, which states that
when a question is before the Senate no motions
shall be in order except those specifically
named. One of these is now a motion for a
recess on the alternate days ; but that does not
include the naming of bills proposed to be
considered in the evening. If the resolution
had been called up during the morning hour
it could have been adopted by a two-thirds
vote, proposing to make certain bills special
orders, subject, however, to whatever might be
before the Senate on taking the recess at half
past four o'clock.
Mr. THAYER. I give notice that I shall
call up these bills this evening, at the evening
session, and insist upon their consideration.
Mr. STEWART. I ask if I can not get
unanimous consent this evening, the first thing,
to pass the little bill in regard to servile labor?
I do not want to discuss it; the subject has
been sufficiently discussed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nevada asks unanimous consent that the open-
ing of the session this evening be devoted to
the consideration of the bill in regard to ser-
vile labor.
Mr. McDONALD and Mr. THAYER
objected.
Mr. COLE. Since the recess has been
ordered, I hope there will be no further motions
for special orders, and that, by unanimous con-
sent, those bills which have been indicated, and
which have lain a long time, may be taken up
to-night.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will depend
on the Senate this evening.
Several Senators addressed the Chair.
Mr. CHANDLER. I cannot yield to my
friends to pass bills. I have a great many ap-
plications of that sort, and if I yield, to one I
must yield to others. I now insist on the
regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
for to-day is the river and harbor bill.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Before the Sen-
ate proceeds with the river and harbor bill, I
desire to make an inquiry in reference to the
order of business, not of course to interfere
with the Senator from Michigan, who has
charge of this bill, which is of a general char-
acter ; but I wish to say that I understood it to
be the general consent of the Senate that on
the conclusion of the tax bill the naval appro-
priation bill should be proceeded with, which
is in a state of being finished. Now, I do not
rise to oppose this proposition as to the order
of business, originated by the motion of the
Senator from Michigan, but to say that when
this appropriation bill is through I will ask the
indulgence of the Senate to allow me to have
the naval appropriation bill finished which has
been delayed so long.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 1471
granting a pension to William B. Looney, of
Alabama.
The message further announced that the
House had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 846)
granting a pension to Rebecca Shoemaker.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced thai the Speaker
