182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
lation of 89,000,000, produced, 1,405,449,000
bushels, or. thirty-six bushels to each, person.
: III. Statistics of Industry.—This schedule,
the fifth of the series, in the old law has per-
formed exceedingly valuable service to the
country and to.- statistical" science. It is said
to.be the first of its kind ever successfully used
in any national census; hut it can be improved
in several particulars.
1. There are- two serious defects in the
heading- of the. first column, which reads as
follows: "Name of corporation, company, or
individual producing articles to the annual
value of $500."-:
The first defect is in the word "articles,"
which has been construed to mean merchant-
able articles, or such products of manufacture
as can be done up in packages and sold over
the counter as merchandise. A large propor-
tion of all the products of industry cannot thus
be handled. - The carpenter, mason, plasterer,
plumber, painter, builder of ships, cars, bridges,
&c., all perform most valuable labor, and their
products are homes, buildings, and structures
of all kinds, a most important part of the fixed
capital of the nation; but these cannot be called
" articles" in the restricted sense in which the
word is employed in the schedule. A plumber
in Washington has lately finished a single job
amounting to $20,000, but he has produced
no " article" which would be entered in the
schedule. A job of general repairs, however
extensive, would not be entered. This defect
has been remedied by requiring, in addition to
the value of articles produced, an exhibit of
the value of jobbing and repairing done within
the year.
The second defect in this heading is the limit-
ation of $500. He must be a very small manu-
facturer whose annual product, including mate-
rials, is not more than $500, A shoemaker who
should make but two pairs of boots per week
would showaproductof more than thatamount.
And yet it is manifest from the returns them-
selves that the products of the great majority
of artisans were not enumerated in 1860. For
example, the eighth census showed that there
were in the United States 144,433 manufactur-
ing establishments, but the product of the in-
dustry of only 7,115 were reported.
The population schedule exhibited in its
inquiries concerning occupation the number
of persons belonging to each trade, while but
n small per cent, of the product of their indus-
try was reported in the industrial schedule.
J'he following table exhibits the great defi-
ciency in this respect:
Number reported in the population schedule as belong-
ing to the following trades.
Oooperb.....  43 62i
luaoksmiths   15 -> 3517
Carpenters ".VZZZZZZ242,958
Painters  
Number of the same trades the product of whoso indus-
try were reported in the industrial schedule.
Coopers   
.Blacksmiths  15 720
Carpenters 9,'006 !
Painters  913
Per cent, reported. '
Coopers  j
Blacksmiths .7.7  14 |
Carpenters    & ? ]
Painters ...77.777777*777  18 '
We propose to remedy this defect by making !
establishments the unitof enumeration. Where '
ever there is a manufactory or shop in oper-
at'°n its occupants are required to give the facts
called for in the schedule. This will include
the product of all manufacturers and artisan?
except those at work as journeymen, and in
almost every instance the latter and their work
will be included under the inquirv concerning
laborers employed in the establishment. It is
believed that these changes will greatly increase
the completeness and value of the results ob-
tained.
In noticing the defects of this heading I am
strongly reminded of the statement of Moreau
ao Jonn^s that two monosyllables in the in-
structions, added by a subordinate in the sta-
tistical bureau, destroyed the whole value of
the French census of 1836.
The inquiry in reference to motive power has
| been so modified as to give the specific kinds ;
as steam, water, or horse, and the total power
reckoned in horse-power. It is a matter of
growing importance to know how the -labor of
society is being distributed ; to ascertain what
part is performed by the muscle of man, and
what by the use of machinery.
8. To secure this more fully, a statement
of the kind and number of machines, such as
looms, spinning-jennies, &c., has also been
added.
4. In reference to labor and wages the com-
mittee thought it would be useful to state sep-
arately the number of persons laboring in an
industrial establishment who are owners or
partners, and the number of those who work
for wages.
5. An important class of products, belong-
ing to what the Italian Government has appro-
priately called "extractive industry," has
hitherto been wholly neglected in the census.
I refer to the products of our mines and fish-
eries and to petroleum. No further proof of
the propriety of this addition is needed than
the fact that last year our coal mines must
have yielded thirty million tons, our iron mines
four million tons, and from our oil-wells were
exported over one hundred million gallons of
petroleum, in addition to vast consumption at
home. The schedule of industrial statistics,
with the amendments proposed, can be used
for petroleum and the products of mines, and
a special schedule has been added for fish-
eries.
IV.—STATISTICS 01." INTERNAL COMMERCE.
In the preliminary law of March 3, 1849,
the census board were directed to prepare a
schedule of trade and commerce, but no such
schedule appeared in the law of 1850. It has
been the habit to treat the exchangers of
wealth—the middle-men who transport and
buy and sell—as belonging to the unproductive
class. But an enlightened political economy
will recognize all as producers of wealth who
give value to commodities by bringing them
within easy reach of the consumer and aid in
facilitating exchanges. Accordingto the census
of 1860 there were in the United States 13,340,-
000 men and women above nineteen years ofage;
and there were 227,177 persons setdown in the
list of occupations as persons engaged in trade,
or one in fifty-eight of the adult population of
the country. There can be no adequate defense
for omitting this large and intelligent class of
the community from the records of national
industry.
1. A simple and comprehensive schedule for
all persons engaged in trade was laid before
the Census Committee by General Francis A.
Walker, of the Treasury Department, and has
been made a part of this bill. It follows the
general plan of the industrial schedule in
regard to labor and wages, and requires in ad-
dition a statement of the amount of capital
invested in trade and the gross annual amount
of purchases and sales.
2. Without adding to the duties of the enum-
erators the bill requires the superintendent
at Washington to procure full statistics of rail
road, lake, river, and canal transportation,
exhibiting among other facts the number of
persons employed, the amount of freight, and
cost of transportation. Such inquiries are now
made in Ohio in regard to railroads by author-
ity of the Legislature and the results are ex-
ceedingly valuable. The bill also requires full
statistics of express and telegraph companies, i
and of life and fire and marine insurance com- '
panies.
Now that the great question of human slavery
is removed from the arena of American politics",
I am persuaded that the next great question to :
be confronted will be that of corporations and
their relation to the interests of the people and
to the national life. I he fear is now enter-
tained by many of ourbest men that the national 1
[i and State Legislatures of the Union in creat-
j; ing these vast corporations have evoked a
;! spirit which may cscape and defy their control
1 j and which may wield a power greater than Legis-
I latures themselves. The rapidity with which
i railroad corporations have been consolidated
; and placed within the power of a few men
ij during the past year is not the least alarming
j' manifestation of this power. Without here dis-
|; cussing the right of Congress to legislate on all
the matters suggested in this direction, the
| committee have provided in this bill to arm the
| census office with the power to demand from
I these corporations a statement of the elements
of which they are composed and an exhibit of
j; their transactions. We have also provided for
i full statistics in regard to the business of fire
! | and marine insurance. It is reported in the
!| columns of a journal published by the insur-
i ance institutions of this country that there is
! at the present moment $3,092,000,000 of insur-
| ance against fire and marine losses.
Since the census of 1860 was taken the life
insurance business of the country has grown
up from almost nothing to enormous propor-
tions. For instance, there were in 1860 but
seventeen life insurance companies in the Uni-
ted States, and fifty-six thousand and some
odd policies in force. In 1868, the statistics of
that year being the latest I have, there were
537,594 policies in force ; over half a million
of the population of the United States were
insured in the fifty-five life insurance companies
of this country ; and the total amount insured
reached the enormous sum of $1,528,000,000.
Now, whether those companies are sound or
not, whether the people may rely upon the
safe investment of the money which they have
put in the hands of those companies will all
depend upon the way in which they are con-
ducting their business : and we propose by this
bill to bring out the facts so that the country
may see what and of what kind are the opera-
tions of those great corporations.
V. SOCIAL STATISTICS.
_ Under this head there were forty-eight inqui-
ries in the old law, several of which in prac-
tice proved almost worthless. Those concern-
ing taxation and the aggregate value of real
and personal estate, the character of the sea-
sons and the crops, and the rate of wages for
the different kinds of labor, failed to produce
results which were considered worthy of pub-
lication in the final report. In the pending
bill some of these inquiries are omitted alto-
gether, and the others are placed in other
schedules where they are more likely to be
answered. Besides these modifications several
additions have been made to this branch of the
census. A more extended schedule for edu-
cational institutions has been provided, which
will require^ not only the number of teachers
and pupils in our common schools and other
institutions of learning, but also the total
amount of money which the nation has per-
manently invested in education, together with
the annual amount paid for its support.
The inquiries concerning churches and reli-
gious worship have also been somewhat ex-
tended, and provision has been made for obtain-
ing a report of the amount of money per-
manently and annually invested in religious
enterprise, and also the number of children
in Sunday schools under the supervision of
. churches. In the inquiries concerning libraries
| a column lias been added which will exhibit
I the annual cost of maintenance and increase
j of those institutions, and another showing the
j date of their establishment, from which may
, be learned the increase of the aggregate num-
! ber.
j ^.n j^e statistics of newspapers and other
j periodicals the committee propose an import-
I ant modification which requires the Superin-
: tendent of the Census to obtain a copy of each
newspaper and periodical in the United States,
. together with a statement of the circulation of
e?°k. From the paper itself can be gathered
all the important facts which it is desirable to
