1494
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
Wo are therefore called upon by this measure
to cboost whether we shall perpetuate our |
present State system of education, or abandon
it mid seek what we call a national system; a
*vsteu  to be organized and supported by the
(ieneral Government.
Now, 1 ask would it be right to abaudon our
present State organizations and cast them aside
us worthless, in view of the great results they
have accomplished? The very information
which this bureau is thought necessary to dis-
seminate is already furnished by the saperin- ,
tendents of the different State organizations,
and might just as well be obtained froiu them.
Why, sir, to say that the people of the South,
both white aud colored, are not sufficiently
intelligent to improve their old systems of edu-
cation, and to copy after the States which may
have been more successful in this matter than
they may have been up to this time, is simply
to say that they are incapable of self-govern-
ment and of exercising those rights of free-
men in a free country. Why have you required
Virginia, as one of the fundamental conditions
on which she is readmitted into the Union, to
forever maintain her State system of schools,
if you intend to practically displace that sys-
tem by a national one? It is an absurdity on
its face, and totally indefensible, if this con-
dition is of any value or has any validity. Are
you going to assume through Congress the ,
control of everything, and leave nothiug to
the States or to the people themselves? This
seems to me to be but auother step in the cen-
tralization of power in the Federal Government
which now confronts us everywhere.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I move that the committee
rise.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
83, noes 31.
Mr. COX called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Dawes and
Mr. Cox were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes seventy-three, noes not counted, j
So the motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Cessna
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, pursuant to order of
the House, had had nnder consideration the
Union generally, and particularly the special
order, being House bill No. 974, makingappro-
priations for the legislative, executive, and
jndicial expenses of the Government for the
year ending June 80,1871, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
Mr. DAWES. I move that all debate in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the pending bill, down to the clauses
relating to the Patent Office, at the end of page
32, be closed in five minutes after the commit-
tee shall resume the consideration of the same.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JUDD. I move that the House do now i!
adjourn. 11
Mr. DAWES. I hope we shall not adjourn j j
nntil half past four o'clock. ! j
Mr. ELDRID6E. We have worked lcmg
enough on Washington's birthday.
The question was put; and there were—
ayes 43, noes 76.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. DAWES. I move that tlft House re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union on the special order,
being the annual appropriation bill for legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Cesska in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the special order,
being the bill (H. R. No. 974) making appro-
priations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1871.
Mr. COX. Mr. Chairman, in these very
short debates nnder the fivo-minutes rule the
minority of this Houso have the only oppor-
tunity of indulging iu tree criticism upon the
acts of the majority. 1 propose in the very
brief time allowed me to put upon record my
own decided convictions, based upon princi-
ples connected with my party organization, as
emphatically as I can state tliein, against any
interference bv the General Government with
these local educational purposes. We all know
that if this appropriation of $15,000 were
made by Congress it would avail littloto edu-
cate the people of the South, white or black.
It would only help to run some sort of a bureau
of education in this city. But waiving all su'.h
considerations, 1 ask gentlemen, aud espe-
cially gentlemen from Massachusetts,to remem-
ber that thero is a priuciple beneath all this
sort of legislation. The States have control
of this matter as their most immediate domes-
tic concernment. The constitution of Massa-
chusetts itself saysthat " the people inhabiting
the territory," <£c., "do hereby solemnly and
mutually agree with each other to form them-
selves into a free, sovereign, and independent
body-politic or State, by the name of the Com-
monwealth of Massachusetts." There is a
model of State polity. There is a model of
domestic self-government. We have no right
to interfere with this question of education.
If you can do it for the purpose of creating a
bureau, you can do it, as the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Niblack] says, for the purpose
ot- regulating school-books, or of favoring a
monopoly of school-books. Nay, you may go
further and say what sort of school-books shall
be used to educate both the blacks and whites
in this country. You may go further and say
just what sort of philosophy, just what sort of
arithmetic, just what sort of theology shall be
taught in these schools.
The argument of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Baxks] is that since you have
given the right of suffrage to the negroes you
must educate them uptoit. Thatisan argument
borrowed, and very handsomely borrowed, too,
from the British chancellor of the exchequer,
Mr. Lowe, who said, when the suffrage was
extended iu England, "we must educate our
masters." On that argument the gentleman
from Massachusetts can commence when lie
pleases, as to the quality of the school as well
as to the kind of school-books.
But, Mr. Chairman, I rose for another pur-
pose. We are receiving among us from Cnina
a new class of people to us. As I understand,
by a treaty which has been made and ratified
between this Government and the authorities
of the Chinese empire, these Chinese may have
the benefit of any national system of education
we may establish. If that is the case, then we
shall soon have on this continent Chinese
schools and Chinese school-books. We shall
have Confucius as well as confusion introduced
into our national system.
Now, I oppose this on the principle that no
community is so fitted to take care of its own
educational interests as the local community.
It is so in all our States. There is no subdi-
vision of political power, or of domestic power,
so nicely arranged as our common-school sys-
tem of the States, running from the little school
district all the way up to the center of the
State government. And a blow at the State
school systems is not in favor of the interests
of education. And when the gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Buckley] on this side of the
House, and gentlemen on the other side of the
House indulge in these gay and festive ideas
about general education for the masses, they
argue very well for the State or local system,
but they argue very ill in respect to a national
system of education when we look to our Con-
stitution and the form and structure of our
national polity.
Mr. DAWES. Ihopewewillnowhaveavote.
Mr. ROOTS. Yes, let us vote; we are
ready for it, aud I think every man will vote
! for this amendment, unless he is afraid that lus
constituency will become too well educated
and have too much knowledge to send him buck
here.
The CHA111MAN. Debate has now closed
The question was upon the amendment of
Mr. Arxei.l, whichhad been amended so as to
read as follows:
llureau of Kducation:
For Commissioner of Education, $3,(XX); one clerk,
ut $1,800; ono clerk, at $1,(500; ono clerk, at $1,400,
oiio messenger, at Wi40; stationery, $000; library,
81,000; collecting statistics and writing nud compil-
ing inattor for annual and special rcportf, $3,000;
contingencies, gl,200; in all, $14,500.
The question was taken; and upon a divis-
ion therejivere—ayes 85, noes 60.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill.
The following paragraph was read:
For twenty watchmen for tho general scrvicc of
the Interior Department building, and all the bu-
reaus therein, to bo allottod to day or night service,
as the Socrotary of tho Interior may direct, 81-MOO.
and section seven of tho act of April 10, 1800, is
hereby repealed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to ask
the chairman of the Committee on Appropri-
ations [Mr. Dawes] if he will not consent to
strike out the last clause of the paragraph just
read ? I know that under the order of the
House we cannot now debate it.
Mr. DAWES. I hope that will not be stricken
out.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to strike
out the words "and section seven of the act
of April 10, 1869, is hereby repealed."
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask that the section
proposed to be repealed be read.
Mr. DAWES. I can state what it is, if I
may be allowed to do so. Last April we es-
tablished a new office, with a salary of $2,500,
or it may be of $1,800. It is now thought by
the Committee on Appropriations that such an
office i3 not necessary. There never before
was such an office aa Superintendent of the
Department of the Interior.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. By unanimous
consent, I desire to say that there is now 
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I object to debate.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
The amendment of Mr. Garfield, of Ohio,
was not agreed to.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill;
and the following paragraph was read :
Pension Office:
For compensation of Commissioner of Pensions,
chief olerk, twenty-two clerks of class four, forty-
eight clerks of class three, seventy-six clerks of class
two, seventy clerks of class one, nine female copyists
at $900 each, one messenger, five assistant messengers,
and .five laborers in his office; in all, $327,840.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend this
paragraph by striking out the word " female "
before the word "copyists."
Mr. DAWES. What is the object of that
amendment?
Mr. MAYNARD. To make this paragraph
correspond with the paragraph under the head
of "Indian Office," as follows:
Temporary olerks: for one clerk of class three,
seven clerks of class two, twelve clerks of class one,
and four copyists, at $900 each; in all, $29,400.
Mr. DAWES. It would bebetterto put the
word "female" before the word "copyists"
in the paragraph relating to the Indian Office.
Mr. MAYNARD. Very well; I will move
that amendment instead of the other.
The amendment of Mr. Mayxaui) to the
paragraph relating to the Indian Oflioe was
agreed to.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bin,
and read as follows :
For stationery, engraving, and retouching plates
for bounty-land warrants, printing and binding the
same, offico furniture and repairing tho same, ami
miscellaneous items, includingtwo daily newspaper.--,
to be filod, bound, and preserved for tho use of the
offico, and for detection and investigation of fraud.
850,000, three fifths of which sum may be expended
for tho last specified object.
No amendment was offered.
