1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5271
Committee on Commerce thinks fit to oppose
this amendment, I wish to call attention for a
moment to the appropriations in this bill. Of
course it is purely accidental; butlfind appro-
priations for the State of New York, thirteen
in number, to the amount of over half a mil-
lion dollars; to the State of Massachusetts, five
in number, to the amount of $157,500; to the
State of Maine, seven in number, to the amount
of §80,000; to the State of Connecticut, three
in number, to the amount of $80,000; to the
State of Ohio, $86,000; to the Ohio river,
850,000; to the falls of the Ohio and the Louis-
ville canal, $250,000; to Michigan, nineteen
appropriations in this bill, amounting to
&302,500; to Wisconsin, eight, amounting to
$167,500; and the Wisconsin river, $100,000
more; to the State of Illinois, $150,000; to the
Illinois river, $100,000.
In short, New England, New York, Penn-
sylvania, and Delaware have $940,500 appro-
priated by this bill; the Northwest properly
so called has $2,087,000; and the rest of the
country altogether has about three hundred
thousand dollars. And yet this amendment
of $7,500 for Charleston is resisted by the
chairman of the committee on this bill, when
there is not a single appropriation for rivers
and harbors in the whole country south of
Mason and Dixon's line except one in Ala-
bama, one in Texas, and a trifling one in
Florida, if I except the appropriation for the
mouth of the Mississippi river, which is as
ranch a northern and national work as it is a
southern. There is an appropriation for the
mouth of the Mississippi of $300,000, bat this
is as much a national as it is a sectional appro-
priation, certainly, and ought notto be counted
in. And if you do not count that in, the whole
South has $160,000 out of a total appropria-
tion of $3,518,000. I ask if it is just to resist
this trifling appropriation for the harbor of
Charleston? The new commerce that has just
been developed there will be largely increased
and facilitated in its course bythe expenditure
of this trifle.
Mr. CHANDLER. There is not one dollar
on this bill placed there by the Committee on
Commerce of the Senate. There is not a dol-
lar here except for the completion of works
already commenced. There is not one dollar
here except upon an estimate and recommend-
ation of the engineer department. The esti-
mate for the Senator's proposed amendment
had not come in when this bill was under con-
sideration. If the Senate commence putting
on these appropriations I do not know where
we shall stop. I shall therefore simply ask a
vote, without any further explanation.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
South Carolina.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I ask for the yeas and
nays. I want to see the Senators who will vote
away the public money to benefit one portion
of this country and not the other.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 27, nays 19 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott,Bayard,Cameron,Cnsserly,
Cole. Davis. Fowler, Hamilton of Texas, Harris,
MeCreerv. Nye. Osborn, Patterson, Pool, Rice, Rob-
ertson, Koss, Sawyer, Schurs, Sherman, Spencer,
Sprague, Thurman, Tipton. Vickers, "Warner, and
NAYS-Messrs. Carpenter, Chandler, Drake, Gil-
bert, Hamlin.Harlan, Howard, Howe, Howell, John-
ston. Lewis, McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Morrill
of Vermont, Pratt, Ramsey, Scott, Sumner, and
Trumbull—19.
ABSENT —Messrs. Ame«, Anthony, Boremnn,
Biownlow, Buckingham, Oattell, Conkling, Corbeit,
Cragin, Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry, Fla-nagau, Hamil-
ton of Maryland, KeUogra;, Morton, Norton. Pome-
roy. Revels. Saulsbuif. Stewart. Stockton, Thayer,
Williams, Wilson, and Yates—35.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER. As a further amendment,
I move, in section two, line three, after the
word "namely," to insert "at Charleston
iiarbor, South Carolina." Tfctis amendment
makes no appropriation. It is merely to bring
Charleston harbor within the list in the general
provision for surveys made in the second
section.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ABBOTT. I offer an amendment of
which I gave notice yesterday. It is to insert
on page 8, between lines one hundred and
seventy-seven and one hundred and seventy-
eight, " for improvement of the channel at the
mouth of the Cape Fear river, in North Caro-
lina, $100,000." If I can get the attention of
the chairman of the Committee on Commerce
and the attention of the Senate I propose to say
something in regard to this appropriation for
the improvement of the channel at the mouth
of the Cape Fear river. I desire to ask the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce if he
will be kind enough to give us the population
and business of these distinguished towns in
the State of Michigan to which these extensive
appropriations are made, so that we can insti-
tute some sort of comparison between the busi-
ness of these places and the business of this
great port on the Atlantic.
Mr. CHANDLER. What point?
Mr. ABBOTT. Take any of them, or take
all of them. I should like to know what the
business of Ontonagon harbor is, for instance.
Mr. CHANDLER. The business of that
harbor is seven hundred and fifty thousand
tons of iron, about twelve or fifteen thousand
tons of copper, and more shipping than passes
through the Louisville canal. That is the busi-
ness of that particular harbor. Is there any
other?
Mr. ABBOTT. Yes; the whole of these
harbors I should like information on. Now,
Mr. President, this is what I have to say: I
have been myself before the Committee on
Commerce in the House, and have given a
thorough explanation in regard to this proposi-
tion to improve the mouth of the Cape Fear
river. I have made an explanation here in
the Senate, which must commend itself to the
good sense of any Senator who will give atten-
tion to it. I have, moreover, been before the
committee of which the Senator from Michi-
gan is chairman in the Senate, and made the
explanation; and yet this appropriation is
refused. Now, hero is this remarkable fact,
that out of the two millions and a half or more
than two millions and a half appropriated by
this bill the whole stretch of coast from Wil-
mington, Delaware, down to the Mexican line
receives only $55,500. Baltimore, Norfolk,
and the ports between Norfolk and Baltimore,
Newbern,Elizabeth City, Wilmington, George-
town, Charleston, Savannah—to all these great
southern ports not one single dollar is appro-
priated, notwithstanding the demands of those
ports.
I do not desire to go into a statement here
again in regard to the absolute necessity of an
appropriation for the mouth of the Cape Fear
river. Here is a harbor the exports of which are
$10,000,000 annually. Two thirds of all the
naval stores of the country go out from that
port, besides great quantities of lumber, cot-
ton, and other productions. It is the port of
a territory larger than the State of Michigan
itself. The water on that bar has shallowed
to eight feet, and our merchants are obliged
to do business under those disadvantages;
while freight is SO 50 on a thousand of lumber
from Charleston to New York, it costs us eight
and a half or ten dollars, simply because we have
to use light-draught vessels.
I hope that the Senate will take this subject
into consideration, and will amend this bill as
I propose. I question whether out of the whole
$346,000 given t.o the State of Michigan, or
the $400,000 given to the State of Ohio, or the
$400,000 given to the Siate of Illinois, there
cannot be clipped off 5100,000 to be spent
at this port, where it is so much needed.
Unless I enter into this whole subject and
make over again the explanation which I made
with so little effect sometime ago in the Sen-
ate, it is useless for me to say anything more
in regard to this matter. It is simply a matter
of justice. It is a matter of absolute necessity
to the commerce of this place of which I speak,
Wilmington, North Carolina. I regard this
bill as unjust and unfair in all its features, in
all its appropriations, and I think the country
will so regard it. If there was any prospect
of carrying it I would move to recommit the
bill, with instructions to the committee to make
it somewhere on the basis of justiceand equality.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is perfectly well
known that during the war obstructions were
placed in these southern harbors; ships were
sunk in them. The Senatorfrom South Caro-
lina has just put on, I believe, an appropriation
of $7,500 to remove one of those sunken hulks.
There are no surveys for these southern har-
bors, and we have had no estimates. We have
placed upon this bill a provision for surveys
and for engineering estimates. Undoubtedly,
as I have said, there are worthy objects of
appropriation in that region, but we have no
official knowledge of them. We have not any
knowledge as to the Cape Fear river. All this
money is expended through the engineering
department. The estimates are made through
the engineering department.
Mr. ABBOTT. Will the Senator allow me
one moment?
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly.
Mr. ABBOTT. There have been no less
than seven surveys of this channel. The last
survey was a very particular and careful one.
Mr. CHANDLER. AVhen was it made?
Mr. ABBOTT. Previous to the war.
Mr. CHANDLER. Three years before the
war.
Mr. ABBOTT. The trouble is that the engi-
neer department will not change the recom-
mendation they made and cut it down from
$1,700,000 to $100,000.
Mr. CHANDLER. That survey was made
three years before the war, was it not?
Mr. ABBOTT. It was made before the war.
Mr. CHANDLER. Those were old surveys.
The harbors have changed somewhat since that
time.
Mr. ABBOTT. There were no obstructions
put in the harbor during the war that are not
now taken out.
Mr. KELLOGG-. This is a question of the
accumulation of a bar.
Mr. CHANDLER. Of course ; but we have
no late estimates. The engineering depart-
ment sends us none. These old surveys of
course they will copy, but more recent ones
have been deemed necessary to make appro-
priations upon. We have placed all these
harbors in the list for a resurvey, and in an-
other year we shall be able to act intelligently
upon them. I submit this bill for the Senate
to vote upon, and will simply say that if the
Senate chooses to load the bill down so that
it will sink it is for the Senate to do it. I think
every appropriation in the bill is a worthy one,
and, as 1 said before, while there are others
that are undoubtedly worthy, we had not the
engineer's estimates for them, and could not,
according to rule, put them in. I hope the
Senate will pass this bill as it is. I hope they
will stand by it as it is. They will remember
that a year ago the bill was loaded down in one
day so that it sunk. Perhaps it can be loaded
down again in the same way. I leave it to the
Senate to determine.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it must be appar-
ent to ail Senators that there is but one way
that a bill of this character can be proper-
ly passed, if it is to be passed at all. The
House of Representatives have considered
the subject of appropriations for rivers and
harbors ; aud this subject must be considered
in connection with information that is derived
from the engineer department of the Govern-
ment. The committee of tho House of Rep-
resentatives, in the first place, examined the
estimates and the character of the work, and
they got up a bill. It was then brought into
the House. The House have passed the bill.
It, has como to the Senate, and been examined
