1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
183
know concerning that class of industry, and the
copies thus obtained are to be classified and
bound.up for preservation in the-archives of
the, (Government. What would we not give for
a similar collection for. each decade since the
foundation of the Government; what more
striking exhibit could be made of the country's
progress in this respert ?
' I am painfully conscious of the imperfections
of this bill, and I am quite sure that no gentle-
man who has not given special attention to the
subject is likely to appreciate the difficulty of
framing a complete and satisfactory bill on this
subject. I may be permitted to say of the sub-
committee that they gave to its consideration
many weeks of careful study, and in present-
ing the results of their labors, although aware
of its imperfections, they confidently believe
that it is a great improvement on the present
law, and trust that it will be made the basis of
still greater improvement in coming decades.
It must be borne in mind that if our national
statistics are to be taken with completeness we
must lay more stress on the census than do the
States of Europe. They have bureaus of statis-
tics permanently established and under the
direction of experienced statisticians; with us
such a bureau is still a desideratum. The great
advantages attending such an establishment
are thus forcibly stated by Dr. B. M. Snow,
the eminent statistician of Rhode Island, in a
letter written to the Census Committee:
" I sincerely hope that in the statute organizing
the census of 1870 provision will be made for tho
establishment of a permanent census bureau, or,
better still, notwithstanding one failure, a perma-
nent statistical bureau. The reasons for this are per-
fectly conclusive to all who are acquainted with tho
collection and compilation of statistics. The greatest
delects in all our censuses have been owing to tho
want of knowledge and of experience in those em-
ployed upon them. Wo aro almost destitute of inon
in this country, except in three or four States, who
are familiar with tho practical duties required in
taking a census. Thowholecountryneeds educating
on this subject. A permanent bureau with an effi-
cient head would soon organise a corps of men in
each State who would be familiar with tho inform-
ation to bo obtained and with the best methods of
obtaining it.
" On the score of economy, also, a permanent bu-
leau would be the cheapest. With a corps of elerks
educated in tho best methods of doing their duties,
and with trainedmen to obtain tho information, and
by making use of local officers and other sources of
information in differont States, I am perfectly con-
fident that a permanent consus bureau could obtain
all the information now obtained by u decennial con-
mis, except that relating to population, and could
obtain it every year with no greater expense than is
now required to obtain it. onco in ten years. Tho
efficiency and economy, in statistical matters, of
men familiar with their duties aro greater beyond
comparison than of men who are ignorant of theso
duties.
"A permanent national bureau of statistics is also
very much needed to systematize tho whole subject,
to give information to a,11 portions of tho country,
and to take the lead in tho organization of similar
bureaus in the several States. When such bureaus
become general in all the States tho national Gov-
ernment will be able with their assistance to obtain
all the statistics now obtained by tho national cen-
sus, and much moro, far more frequently, far more
'•orreetly, and with much less expense."
We have already a commissioner of min-
ing statistics, some provisions in the Treasury
Department for financial statistics, a depart-
ment whose chief function is to collect educa-
tional statistics, and some attention is given
to statistics in the Department of Agriculture.
It is greatly to be regretted that these statis-
tical forces have not been consolidated, the
scope of their work enlarged, and the whole
thoroughly organized; all of which could be
done at an expense not greatly increased. But
at this late day it is manifestly impossible to
organize and equip a permanent statistical
bureau in time to take the next census, and
hence, regret it as we may, we must again
depend wholly on the census office.
In conclusion, the next census should fur-
nish a muster-roll of the American people,
showing, as far as it is possible for figures to
show, their vital, physical, intellectual, and
moral power; it should provide us with an
inventory of the nation's wealth and show us
how it is invested; it should exhibit the rela-
tion of population to wealth by showing the
distribution of the one and the avocations and
industries of the other.
The ninth census will be far more interest-
ing and important than any of its eight prede-
cessors. Since I860, in spite of its losses, the
nation has doubtless greatly increased in pop-
ulation and in wealth; it has taken a new posi-
tion among the nations. It has passed through
one of the most bloody and exhaustive wars of
history. The time for reviewing its condition
is most opportune. Questions of the profound-
est interest demand answers. Has the loss of
nearly half a million young and. middle-aged
men, who fell on the field of battle or died in
hospitals or prisons, diminished the ratio of
increase of population? Have the relative
numbers of the sexes been sensibly changed ?
Has the relative number of orphans and widows
perceptibly increased? Has the war affected
the distribution of wealth or changed the char-
acter of our industries? And if so, in what
manner and to what extent? What have been
the effects of the struggle on the educational,
benevolent, and religious institutions of the
country? These questions and many more of
the most absorbing interest the census of 1870
should answer. If it do not the failure will
reflect deep disgrace on the American name.
Mr. EARNSWORTH. I would suggest that
it will be necessary to change the title of the
bill in consequence of the amendments which
have been made.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That will be
done after the passage of the bill.
The question was then taken on the passage
of the biil; and there were—ayes 86, noes 40.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to strike
out from the title all the words following the
word "States," so that tho title will read : "A
bill to provide for taking the ninth census of
the United States."
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM TUB SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. McDon-
ald, its Chief Clerk, announced that the Senate
had passed a joint resolution (S. R. No. 80) to
close the accounts of John W. Forney, the late
Secretary of the Senate, in which he was
directed to request the concurrence of the
House.
adjournment over.
Mr. DAWES. I move that when the House
adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
The motion was agreed to.
apportionment of representatives.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask unanimous consent
to report back from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, with a view to put it upon its* passage,
House bill No. 552, to repeal an act entitled
"An act providing for the seventh and sub-
sequent censuses of the United States, and to
fix the number of members of the House of
Representatives and provide for their future
apportionment among theseveral States."
Mr. DICKEY. I object.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then I call for the regular
order of business.
Mr. DAWES. Then I move that the rules
be suspended, and the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union for the purpose of hearing gentlemen
make speeches.
Mr. ALLISON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 604) for an act to fix
the number of Representatives in the House of
Representatives and to provide for their appor-
tionment among the several States; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the select Committee on the Ninth Census, and
ordered to be printed.
artificial limbs.
Mr. SHANKS, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on the Militia, reported a bill
(H. R. No. 605) to provide for furnishing, at
the expense of the Government, artificial limbs
and other supports to honorably discharged
officers, soldiers, and marines whenever needed
during life on account of wounds received or
sickness incurred in the military or marine ser-
vice of the United States ; which was read a first
and second time, recommitted to the Commit-
tee On the Militia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BENJAMIN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was recommitted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. LOGAN. I would say to the gentleman
from Missouri that the Committee on Military
Affairs would have been the proper committee
to which to refer that bill. The Committee on
Military Affairs have a bill of a similar character
before them which they intend to report to the
House.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Shanks] reported this bill from
the Committee on the Militia.
The SPEAKER. This subject was referred
to the Committee on theMilitia during the morn-
ing hour of Monday, and the bill was report-
ed for the purpose of being printed and recom-
mitted.
Mr. LOGAN. It certainly should go to the
Committee on Military Affairs. That is the
proper committee for it.
APPORTIONMENT OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Mr. JUDD. I desire to enter a motion to
reconsider the vote by which the bill (H. R. No.
593) to apportion the Representatives of the
several States in the House of Representatives
for the Forty-Second Congress was yesterday
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The motion was entered and passed over for
the present.
NATIONAL INDUSTRIAL EXHIBITION.
Mr. COOK, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee for the District of Columbia, re-
ported back the bill (II. R. No. 435) to pro-
mote the International Industrial Exhibition to
be heldin Washington city in 1871, with amend-
ments, and moved that it be recommitted to
the committee, and that the amendments be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was recommitted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JAIL FOR TIIE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. TANNER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 606) to amend the act
entitled "An act authorizing the construction
of a jail for the District of Columbia." ap-
proved July 25, 1866; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
for the District of Columbia, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider all
the votes referring matters not already recon-
sidered ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. CULLOM. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. DAWES. Then I insist on the'motion
that the House resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the regular order of business is the consider-
ation of the resolution offered by the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper] in relation
to drawing for seats, and the pending motion
is to lay it upon the table, on which the yeas
