1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
481
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Education—Mr. Hoar.
Ho. of Keps.
INQUIRY COMMISSION.
Dr. Lyon Playfair, who acted as juror in
1851. 1862, and 1867, says :
" I am sorry to say that with very few exceptions a
singular aecordanco of opinion prevailed that our
country had shown little inventiveness and made
but little progress in the peaceful arts of industry
since 1862. Deficient representation in some of the
industries might have accounted for this judgment
,i gainst us; but when wo find thatoufc of ninety classes
there nre scarcely a dozen in which preeminence is
unhesitatingly accorded to us this plea must be aban-
doned. My own opinion is worthy only of the con-
fidence which might be supposed to attach to my
knowledge of the chemical arts; but when I found
some of our chief mcchanical and civil engineers
lamenting the want of progress in their industries,
and pointing to the wonderful advance which other
nations are making; when I found our chemical and
even textile manufacturers uttering similar com-
plaints, 1 naturally dovotcd attention to olicit their
views a-s to the causes. So far as I could gather them
by conversation, the one cause upon which there is
the most unanimity of conviction is that Trance,
Prussia, Austria., Belgium, and Switzerland possess
sound systems of industrial education for the masters
and managers of factories and workshops, and that
England possesses none."
Rev. J. 0. Norris, late one of her Majesty's
inspectors of schools, says, first—
" It is the universal opinion of those with whom I
spoke that England is losing her advanced position
in those industries which involve the application of
science to production."
Second, that—
"In the matter of higher instruction, of all that
tends to convert the mere workman into the artisan,
Austria, France, and Prussiaare clearly passings us."
Professor John Tyndall, professor of physics
in the Royal School of Mines, says:
"The facilities for scientific education are far
greater on the continent than in England, and where
such differences exist England is sure to fall behind
as regards those industries into which the scientific
element enters. In fact, I have long entertained the
opinion that, in virtue of the better education pro-
vided by continental nations, England must one day,
and that no distant one, find herself outstripped by
those nations both in the arts of peace apd war. As
sure as knowledge is power this must bo the result."
Edward Hath, of Huddersfield—juror in
1862 and 1867—closely examined woolen fab-
rics in 1851 j agrees with Dr. Playfair in toio:
441 am sorry to say that although wo may still be
unsurpassed in many of our productions, wc nolongcr
hold that preeminence which was accorded to us
in the exhibition of 1851. Although an industiy
which has obtained aconsiderable style of perfection
docs naturally not advance in ten years as rapidly
as the one which was at that period less fully devel-
oped, 1 fear that the enormous strides that have of
late been made by oui continental rivals in Franco,
Belgium, Prussia, and Austria, will render it daily
more difficult for our woolen manufacturers to hold,
not only their former prominent position, but even
in many cases to maintain their present one. I found
my (for along time previously entertained) evic-
tions entirely confirmed; that it is the want of indus-
trial education in this country which prevents our
manufacturers from making that progress which
other nations are making. From all I could see and
learn 1 found both masters and foremen of other
countries much more scientifically educated than
our own. This, however, is not all. 'iho workmen
ofother countries have afar superior education than
ours, many of whom have nouo whatever. .Their
productions show clearly that there is not a machine
working a machine, but that brains sit at the loom
and intelligence stands at the spinning-wheel, bce-
ing what has been done for other countries, and being
convinced that a good general education is the secret
of their rapid strides in art and manufacture, I am
glad to say that the many eminent men in diiierent
stations of life with whom I conversed m Paris on
this subject are all of the same opinion.'
Edward Frankland, professor of chemistry
in the Royal School of Mines, agrees with Dr.
Playfair:
"As a juror in class forty-four of the present Paris
exhibition, I was not only forcibly struck by the want
of evidence of progress in the different branches of
chemical manufactures carried on in Great Britain,
but still more so at the great advances made by other
nations, but more especially by Germany, France,
and Switzerland in respect of such manufactures since
the year 1862, when, as a juror in the corresponding
class, I had also an opportunity of comparing the
chemical manufactures of different nations. I quite
agree with £r. Playfair in referring this want of
progress in the manufactures of this country chiefly
to the almost utter lack of a good preparatory edu-
cation for thoso destined to take part in industrial
pursuits. This great defect in the school and college
education of England affects the masters and man-
agersofourfactories evenmore deeply thanthe work-
men themselves. The former have but rarely had
any opportunities of making themselves acquainted
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 31.
with the fundamental laws and principles of physios
and chemistry [ they therefore find themselves en-
gaged in pursuits forwhiehtheir previous education
has afforded them no preparation, and hence their
inability to originate inventions and improvements.
It is true that such men not infrequently imagine
themselves inventors, and the yearly files of patent
specifications abound with instances of their so-called
inventions. The great loss of time and money at-
tending these futile patents would bo rendered im-
possible by a very moderate, if accurate, knowledge
of chemical and physical science.
,4 In tho polytechnic sohools of Germany and Swit-
zerland tho future manufacturer or manager is made
familiar with thoso laws and applications of the
great natural forces which must always form the
basis of every intelligent and progressive industry.
It seems that at length this superiority in previous
training is more than counterbalancing the un-
doubted advantages which this country possesses
in raw material."
James E. McDonnell, esq., 0. E.:
" I agreo with Dr. Playfair in his views generally,
and am satisfied as to tho comparatively small pro-
gress we have shown since 1862, and the great ad-
vance which continental nations have made during
that period. In the class of which I was juror for
England, No. 63,1 made avery careful examination
and comparison of our locomotivc-cngines, oarriages,
railway machinery,apparatus,andmaterial, as shown
by this country, with the same articles exhibited by
France, Germany, and Belgium. I am firmly con-
vinced that our tormer superiority, cither in mate-
rial or workmanship, no longer exists. In fact, there
are engines shown there, made in France and Ger-
many, equal to those of the best English makers. It
requires no skill to predict that unless we adopt a
system of technical education for our workmen in
this country we shall soon not even hold ©ur own in
cheapness of cost as well as in excellence of quality
of our mechanical productions. I found that on tho
continent there aro now a number of workmen's
sohools established, in which a clever workman can
qualify himself for any scientific position in his
business."
Captain Frederic Beaumont, royal engineers,
agrees with Dr. Playfair;
44 Speaking only with reference to machinery, the
department with which I am immediately connected,
there can be no doubt as to the immense strides which
foreign mechanical engineering has lately mado, not-
ably, I think, in the case of Franco and Belgium, and
by which they aro successfully overtaking the indus-
trial power of Great Britain. My impression is that
this advance has been greatly owing to a successful
copying of English designs and to tho use of English
machine tools. Of course, did tho foreigners merely
confine themselves to copying they would never sur-
pass us; but while following that which in our me-
chanical designs is good, thoy aro also seoking, and
that not unsuccessfully, to apply theoretical knowl-
edge in away which, in my humblo judgment, shows
that thoy will soon have little to learn from us. I
would alludo notably to the economical use of steam,
though no doubt thoir inventive faculties have been
quickcncd by thehigh price of fuel on the continent."
Warrington AT. Smyth, esq., M. A., F. R. S.,
lecturer on mining and mineralogy in the Royal
School of Mines:
"As regards the broad question of technical edu-
cation, I will only add that the Greater proportional
advancement made by France, Prussia, and Belgium
in mining, colliery-working, and metallurgy appears
to mo to be due, not to the workmen, but in great
part to tho superior training and attention to the
general knowledge of thoir subject observable among
the managers andsub-olFicers of the works. No can-
did person can deny that they aro far better edu-
cated. as a rule, than those who hold similar positions
in Britain."
Robert Mallet, esq., F. R. S. :
"A university education, with a natural love for
scientific investigations; the circumstances of my
life, in largo part engaged as the active managing
partner of largo engineering works, and of late years
as a civil engineer; a more than common travel
and knowledge of foreign countries, and their arts
and educational systems, &c., have long convinced
me that unless by a vast improvement in our own
educational system, general and technical, the pre-
eminence of England (whose power more than that
of any other empire that ever existed is based upon
her industry) muet decline, and with a rapidly ac-
celerating forcc in relation to the other great nations
of the world."
J. Scott Russell, esq., F. R. S. :
"As a juror in the Paris exhibition T have come
to the conclusion that the higher class of education
given in each ot thoso countries to tho workmen in
its skilled trades, as well as the superior professional
education given to the higher classes of men em-
ployed in technical professions, is everywhere vis-
ible in the works exhibited by those countries; and
I attribute the surprising strides those countries
have been making the last ten years in many of the
great staple branches of mechanical construction
and manufacture to the admirable scientific and
practical training which tho Governments of thoso
countries provide for their working classes.'
A. J. Mundella, managing partner in a
hosiery firm employing five thousand oper-
atives :
"As the result of my observation I have far four or
five years past beon unceasingly alarmed for our
industrial supremacy, and my experience of tho
Paris exhibition has only confirmed and strength-
ened my fear3. In my own branch wo still maintain
the lead in a majority of articles, but the progress
made by Franceand Germany sinoe 1862 is truly
astonishing, and it has been much greater than our
own. While I believe the English workman is pos-
sessed of greater natural capacity than any of his
foreign competitors, I am of opinion that he is grad-
ually losing the race through tho superior intelli-
gence which foreign Governments aro carefully
developing in their artisans."
James Young, esq., (chemical works:)
"My experience accords with Dr. Playfair's. So
formidable did the rate of progress of other nations
appear to us that several meetings of jurors, exhib-
itors, and others, took place at the Louvre Hotel on
the subject. The universal impression atthesemeet-
ings was that the rate of progress of foreign nations
in the larger number of our staple industries was
much greater than our own. The reason for this in-
creased rate of progress is the excellent system of
technical education given to tho masters of work-
shops, sub-managers, foremen, and even workmen."
The reports of special commissioners on
various departments fill six volumes of parlia-
mentary documents, and are full of like testi-
mony.
Mr. Russell, in his report on steam-engines,
says:
"Intelligence, education, and training beyond the
ordinary level of skill and knowledge will be re-
quired both in the construction and the use of tlioso
high-speed engines; but so it is with most modern
improved machinery." * * * * "It is
thus that in all departments of Frcnch engineering
education and science arc everywhere visible; and if
it be required of mo to account for the greater rapid-
ity of progress of tho French in matters of engineer-
ing during the lastten years, lean see no other reason
for it than thoir superior organization for technical
education, as part of which they have as much as
possible of practical knowledge communicated to
them in addition to their scientific attainments. I
do not think our nation inferior to theirs in tech-
nical ability, jporsonal energy, or in the skillful uso
of our hands; it is only in the want of organized edu-
cation that I can indicate any cause of our inferiority
or any remedy lor it."
"MM. Schneider& Co., of tho Creuzot Iron-Works,
in France, exhibited a remarkably well finished
express engine for our Great Eastern railway, and it
was the sixteenth out of an order for forty engine.!
which he had obtained from the samo company.
"Mr. John Itobinson, of tho Manchester Iron-
Works, in his evidence before tho Trades' Union
Inquiry, shows that tho amount of engines supplied
by nis own firm since 1865 to foreign countries has
been constantly diminishing, as compared with tho
number supplied to England, and thinks it certain
that foreigners are excluding the English from
neutral markets.
"This, then, is the prospect before our great loco-
motive manufacturers, who once had half Europe
for their customers, and expected to have Russia,
America, and India. The truth seems to be undis-
guisable thai the home market will ultimately be
the principal one on which our locomotivo-makers
can reckon."
Rev. J. 0. Murray, reporter on cotton goods,
says in conclusion:
"Few practical and reflective observers will glanco
as hurriedly as even we have done round these com-
petitive displays of industrial ability in cotton man-
ufacture without feeling that, however long or largely
England may retain the leadership, anything like
our exclusive empire or undisputed sway in the cot-
ton tro.de is no longer possible. The superior educa-
tion of continental workmen in certain branches, or
the better position of foreign merchants in regard to
certain articles, reduces us to a secondary position
in some respects. If in all countries as excellent a
system of public education and as independent a
spirit prevailed as in Switzerland, our position would
soon be menaced in many more directions. While
wc are hovering round the question of national edu-
cation,andhesitatingoverthe petty interests of par-
ties in regard to it, the industrial scepter is imper-
ceptibly slipping away from us."
Memorandum, inclosed in Mr. Scott Russell's letter.
"The fourth great international exhibition has
afforded an excellent opportunity for marking the
relative progress of different countries in the arts,
manufactures, and trades which contribute to the
wealth and power of nations." We have especially
noted the progress of other nations in those mechan-
ical and constructive arts and trades in which, in
1851, England exhibited preeminent excellence. Wo
have to record that in many of these some other
nations appear to have made much moru rapid pro-
gress than ourselves, so that we are relatively fall-
ing off; and we especially note that our falling off is
notin unimportanfcdepartments.butinsomeot those
