1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1495
Mr. STRICKLAND. As we have now gone
over that portion of the bill upon which debate
was closed by order of the House, I move that
the committee now rise.
Mr. DAWES. I hope not. It is now but
four o'clock; lot us work 011 until half past .
four at least.
The question was taken : and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 4o, noes G7.
So the motion that the committee rise wa3
not agreed to.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill,
aud read as follows:
United States Patent Office:
For compensation of the Commissioner of the Pat-
cut Office, $4,50o; for Assistant Commissioner, $>3,000;
for "tnef clerk. $2,500; three examiners-in-chief, at
$3,000 each; twenty-two principal examiners, at
$2,500 each : twenty-one first assistant examiners, at
each; twenty-one second assistant examiners,
600each; one librarian,$1,800: one machinist,
$1,000; live clerks of class tour, s ix clerks of class
three, forty-fivo clerks of class two, ami forty clerks
0.'class one, making in all, S2TS,40'j.
Mr. WARD. I move to amend this para-
graph by striking out the clause, "for Assistant
Commissioner, $3,000.*' I would inquire of
the chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions [Mr. Dawes] if that does not propose to
create a new office ?
Mr. DAWES. It creates a new office, but
in doing so three or four other offices are cut
off. The Commissioner of Patents ha3 cut
down the estimates for his office more than
thirty thousand dollars; and we were disposed
to distribute the balance as he desired it. This
bureau yields an income of two or three hun-
dred thousand dollars in excess of the ex-
penses ; and when the Commissioner had made
such a cutting down, we were disposed to give
him this officer in place of the others who are
dispensed with.
Mr. WARD. I suppose, Mr. Chairman, that
under the suspension of the rules which was
obtained when this bill was reported, the point
of order could not now be made that this por-
tion of the bill proposes new legislation. Con-
sequently the only remedy is to strike out the
paragraph. This provision creates, as I have
said, a new office. In this Department of the
Interior there are already the Pension Bureau,
the General Land Office, the Bureau of Indian
Affairs, and the Patent Office. By giving to
the officer at the head of one of these bureaus,
to wit, the Commissioner of Patents, an assist-
ant at a salary of $3,000 a year, we establish
a precedent in favor of giving to the head of
each of tbre other bureaus an assistant of cor-
responding grade.
In looking over the appropriations made for
the Patent Office I find that there are in all
some three hundred employes in this office.
This Commissioner has already three exain-
iners-in-chief, twenty-two principal examiners,
twenty-oneassistant examiners of the first class,
and twenty-two second assistant examiners.
There are in all some three hundred examin-
ers, clerks, laborers, <fce. The appropriation
for this office, exclusive of the §3,000 extra
proposed to be given to this extra officer, is
$-536,000—an immense appropriation. Now,
the Commissioner of Pensions receives $3,000.
He has no assistant. He does more work and
really has more responsibility than the Com-
missioner of Patents. The latterofficer receives
§4,500, aud i3 tendered an assistant by the
economical gentlemen who have reported this :
hill. 1 am in favor of substantial economy. I
a in not in favor of creating new offices. J am
in favor of such economy as will restrict the
expenditures of the Government to the present
number of officers. We made a valorous raid
here upon a few half-starved policemen ; we
cur, down the number and the pay of those
otiicers, many of whom have served the coun-
try as soldiers. The number of clerks in some
ot the bureaus has been curtailed and their pay
cut down by this bill. But when we come to
this immense establishment, the Patent Office,
with all the assistants already provided bylaw,
and with this immense appropriation of more
than half a million, it is proposed not only to
make an additional office but to authorize an
increase of expenditure.
The gentleman has told us that this Patent
Office is a paying concern, and that it has a
fund of its own out of which all these expenses
can be paid. I grant it, sir; and I am very
glad if we have one office in this country that
pays its way. But I suppose that if it happens
to do a little more than pay its way the surplus
belongs to the Treasury; andinstead of devising
ways and means to expend it upon the office
itself, we should be willing to have it go into
the general fund to help lift the burdens which
now rest upon the country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, the argument
of the gentleman from New York [Mr. Ward]
is a singular one. We have a Commissioner
of Patents who has addressed himself to the
work of reducing expenditures in his office by
a reorganization of the corps—by cutting off
in one place those officers whom he does not
need so much, and putting in another place
men who are absolutely necessary.
Mr. WARD. I find that this bill authorizes
three hundred employ6s in that office. How
many more were there previous to the reduc-
tion ?
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, we struck
off fifteen clerks; we struck off a superintend-
ent of copying and engraving, at a salary of
$2,500. The Commissioner said that we could
make these reductions, provided we would
allow him a deputy Commissioner to discharge
duties which would otherwise devolve upon
him. By this rearrangement of the officers we
save $30,000 in this bureau. Here is a judi-
cial officer who is or ought to be of the highest
character. He ought to have some assist-
ance in that office, so that if he is sick, or for
any other reason necessarily absent for a day
or two, his place may be taken by somebody
who can exercise the functions of the Commis-
sioner. In an office conducted as the Patent
Office has been during the present Administra-
tion, increasing its revenue and putting into
the Treasury of the United States $206,000
during the last year, and with a man who is
disposed to cut off every unnecessary officer
and to rearrange his force with the least ex-
pense to the Government, to turn around now
and say that he shall not substitute one officer
for another is, in my judgment, not the treat-
ment which this Commissioner of Patents de-
serves at our hands. I speak to my friend in
all frankness, because I am afraid he does not
understand the machinery and the necessity
there is for efficient work in that important
bureau.
Mr. WARD. I ask the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts where this thing is to stop if we begin
to furnish these officers with assistants ? We
shall have to give one to the Commissioner of
Pensions, then one to the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, and one also to the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, and when we have
done that we shall have to give one to the
First Comptroller, and one to the Second Comp-
troller, and to every officer of the Government
who wants to put some one in his place when
he is out of his office.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I desire to ask
the chairman of the committee whether this
appropriation creates a new office in that De-
partment?
Mr. DAWES. I mean to say that this dep-
uty commissioner is a new officer; but I mean
to say at the same time that by establishing
this new office we dispense with two or three
other officers. There are three deputy com-
missioners in the Internal Revenue Bureau,
and I do not see any good reason why we
should not have a deputy commissioner ot
patents when the office is needed, and when
by doing so we can dispense with a great many
unnecessary officers.
Let me state an instance. We cut off some
thirty clerks, and a bureau officer came in and
importuned us day after day to restore them.
I asked him this question ; ''You have been
ten years in that office to my knowledge, aud
does not your experience suggest to you some
improvement in the way of securing greater
efficiency with a less force?" He said yes,
they could do with less force ; that if he could
have the management so as to reorganize and
redistribute its force he would engage to do
the whole work with half the force now em-
ployed ; and yet, notwithstanding that state-
ment on his part, that bureau officer has
iusisted upon our appropriating $100,000 every
year for officers whom lie himself admits to be
unnecessary.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I have asked
the gentleman a question, aud I wish to follow
it up. I ask him whether he believes the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union has the right to create a new office, and
whether that is not the proposition which he
now makes to this committee?
Mr. DAWES. It has been done so many
1 hundred times before that I do not see what
impropriety there can be in appropriating for
this new office by which so much is to be saved
to the Government.
Mr. BECK. As the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Ward] objects to cuttingdown some
of these clerks in the Department, I wish to
call his attention to the circumlocution which
the present unnecessary number of clerks has
entailed upon the business transacted there.
I wish to show him and this House what an
eminent lawyer had to do in order to obtain the
money upon a judgment of the Court of Claims
about which there could be no doubt, and I
ask the Clerk to read the different steps of the
process as they have been written down.
The Clerk read as follows :
1. Went to chief clerk of First Auditor. Hestated
the account and computed the interest.
2. Went to another clerk in same office, who copied
and numbered the account.
3. Went to another clerk in First Comptroller's
Office, who registered in his book the number and
amount of the account.
4. Went to chief clerk of First Comptroller, who
verified the account and the computation of interest.
5. Went-to First Comptroller, who signed it.
6. Went back to No. 3, who again verified it.
7. Went to register clerk, who copied and regis-
tered it.
8. Went to deputy register, who signed it.
9. Went to warrant clerk and obtained warrant.
10. Went to West, chief clerk, who signed it.
11. Went to Hartley, Assistant Secretary, who
signed it. ,
12. Went to Laub, First Comptroller's Office, who
registered it.
13. Went to First Comptroller, who signed it.
14. Went to Register's clerk, who copied it.
15. Wont to Register Allison, who signed it.
lt>. Went to Mann, draft-room, where draft was
1 made. m ,
17. Went to Tuttle, Assistant Treasurer, who signed
the draft.
18. Wont to Register's clerk, who recorded draft.
19. Went to Register Allison, who signed draft.
20. Went to Mann, who took my receipt for the
drafts and handed them over to me.
21. Treated Mann to whisky toddy,
[Great laughter.]
Mr. BECK. Let me say one word further.
Mr. CONGER. I desire to ask the gentle-
man a question.
Mr. BECK. Not now; wait till I get
through. .
Mr. CONGER. Was this distinguished
lawyer so attached to this particular claim that
he was compelled to accompany it through all
its rounds?
Mr, BECK. What has been read by the
Clerk has reference to a judgment of the Court
of Claims. When a claim comes from the
quartermaster's department it begins by going
I through that department, then it goes to the
Third Auditor, then to the Second Comptroller,
then to the Secretary ot War, then to the requi-
sition clerk of the War Department, then it
goes back to the department of the Quarter-
master General and passes through all the offi-
cers of that department, then it goes back to
the War Department again, and thence to the
Comptroller of the Treasury, and back again
