1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3383
the wrong end of the question. [Laughter.]
We should have gone to work and taken off
the internal taxes. That is what the country
is complaining about. The people are not
suffering from the duties on imports. They
are content that the revenue of the country
shall be raised from such duties while the
internal taxes are remitted. In this way the
prosperity of the country may be advanced
beyond anything we have ever witnessed. The
people ask that we shall raise our revenue
from duties on imports and let the internal
industry and trade go on and prosper.
I would have suggested to the committee
they should abandon this tariff question long
ago. I did not know they had the internal
revenue question ready to bring forward. I
understand now, however, they have the inter-
nal revenue tax bill ready to be reported to the
House. I hope the chairman of the committee
will report it to-morrow and move to lay aside
this tariff bill, which everybody has got dis-
gusted with, so as to let us go to practical legis-
lation. [Laughter.] This legislation is not
practical. It stands in the way of all practical
legislation. It is blocking up the avenue to
legislation, preventing our passing the regular
appropriation bills and other measures which
the people of this country have a deep interest
in, and which they expect ns to pass before
Congress adjourns. If we do not lay aside this
tariff question and go to practical legislation
we will have to go home without accomplish-
ing anything wanted by the people of thecouu-
try, and if we do that, some of us will have
trouble next fall. [Laughter and applause.]
Mr. STEVENSON. 1 rise to a question of
order. What is the question before the House?
The CHAIRMAN. The question before the
House is theumendment proposed by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Covode.]
Mr. COX. I rise to oppose the amendment.
I was glad to hear the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Covode] who spoke this evening
without regard to his biblical literature, but
who spoke the truth. Truth sometimes creeps
unawares on caution. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania tells the truth when he tells us
that he and his party will have some trouble
this fall uuless they reduce the taxes. I speak
on this question of tin and pewter and so forth
in direct reference to tax and revenue matters.
I wish to say something now which will be a
special answer to what has just fallen from the
gentleman from Pennsylvania. Gentlemen on
this side of the House have fought this bill and
exposed its enormities, and with the help of
gentlemen on the other side we have shpwn
that it is not a bill for revenue; that instead of
reducing they are really increasing the tariff.
We on this side of the House bold that no more
revenue should be raised than is necessary to
pay the expenses of the Government econom-
ically administered. We believe this tariff and
the substitute offered for it do not fulfill that
condition.
In the next place we hold that the ordinary
expenses, excluding the interest on the public
debt and areasonable sum devoted to itshquid-
ation, should not exceed $100,000,000 per
annum; that the true scheme of revenue should
provide a sufficient sum for the payment of the
interest on the public debt and $25,000,000 of
the principal per annum, and the ordinary ex-
penditures not to exceed $100,000,000; that
the whole machinery of the internal revenue
system be done away with, and the internal
taxes apportioned among the States, which was
suggested at the beginning of the war by some
of our wisest men, to be collected on a few
articles, and paid by the State governments
into the Treasury. Let the State assessors col-
lect it,and let usbedone with thisgreat inquis-
itorial system, and apportion this tax out
among the States to be collected by them. We
hold that the tariff shall be reduced to the rev-
enue standard, (excluding protection per se,)
and the rate of duty on all articles taxed shall
he no more than 35 per cent, at the highest,
and the duties should be ad valorem. If gen-
tlemen on the other side do not reduce the
taxes they cannot go before the people with
any hope of success; and if they do go before
the people without reducing the taxes the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, that prophetic gen-
tleman, that great friend of the old prophets,
from Benhadad down, tells them their doom is
sure. [Laughter. ]
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK moved that debate be closed
on the pending paragraph.
The motion was agreed to.
The pending amendment, by unanimous
consent, was withdrawn.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have an amendment to
correct the language. In line four hundred
and sixty-three strike out the word "like,"
and after the word "metals" insert the word
"partly;" so it will read, "On pewter, Britan-
nia, and all mixed metals partly of lead or tin,
unmanufactured, 3 cents per pound."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On nickel, 40 cents per pound.
Mr. GUIS WOLD. I move to amend by
striking out " 40" and inserting "15." This
article is a white, hard metal. I believe there
are several mines where it can be procured in
this country. But there is only one mine which
is worked in the United States—and that is in
Lancaster county, Pennsylvania—where the
article is produced to any considerable extent.
From 1842 to 1846 this article was free;
from 1846 to 1857 there was a duty on it of 5
percent, ad valorem; from 1857 to 1861 the
duty was 4 per cent.; from 1861 to 18G3 the
article was free; from 1863 to 1865 the duty
on nickel was 10 per cent., and from that year
up to the present time the duty has been 15
per cent, ad valorem, which is the duty under
the existing law. I understand that thismetal
is worth about $1 per pound in Europe. The
Committee of Ways and Means have raised
the duty upon it from 15 per cent, ad valorem
to 40 cents per pound, which is about the same
as 40 per cent, ad valorem. Thus they have
raised it about 170 per cent, on the duty which
now exists. It is produced in Europe, as I
have said, at a cost of about $1 per pound, so
that this duty of 40 cents per pound is an in-
crease from 15 to 45 per cent, ad valorem.
This is a metal which-reused to some extent
in the Mint of the United States. The five-
cent coin now in general circulation is com-
posed in part of nickel. And this mine in
Pennsylvania has had the entire monopoly of
furnishing this metal to the Government for the
Mint of the United States. Now, it will be
remembered that last March a bill passed this
House to change entirely the small coinage of
the country, so as to have small coins, one-
cent, three-cent, and five-cent pieces, com-
posed of nickel in the propdrtion of twenty-five
to thirty-five per cent., the rest being copper.
That bill went to the Senate and was referred
to the Finance Committee, and there it has
slept ever since. Now, I ask the attention of
the House to this fact, that the duty which it is
proposed here to raise to 40 per cent, ad valo-
rem is entirely in the interest of one company,
and to the further fact that when the duty
on this article is thus raised there will then
remain nothing to be done but to pass through
the Senate the bill I have referred to in order
to put an immense amount of money into the
hands of that company. It was assumed when
that bill was under debate here, by gentlemen
on both sides of the House, that the amount of
coinage would be about $40,000,000. There-
fore, taking the proportion of nickel at 80 per
cent., the amount of nickel used would besome
$12,000,000, on which 40 per cent, would be
nearly $5,000,000. Taking the proportion of
nickel at 25 per cent., the value of the nickel
used would be about $10,000,000, on which 40
per cent, would be $4,000,000. Therefore
this duty of 40 pef cent, makes an absolute
profit of between $4,000,000 and $5,000,000.
All that has to be done is to pass that bill
through the Senate and there will be a job of
some $4,000,000 or $5,000,000, the whole of
which the Government will have to pay without
getting a particle of revenue from the article.
I cannot ascertain that a single pound of
nickel has been admitted under the existing
duty of 15 per cent. Therefore I take it for
granted that not a pound will be got iti under
th« increased duty if it is raised to 40 cents.
As I understand, then, the result will be that
the entire product of this mine must be sold
to the Government, which will not get a dollar
of duty, but will have to pay to the company
the increased price which they will be able to
exact in consequence of this increase of duty.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DICKEY. The gentleman who has
just spoken has made the wonderful discovery
that a profit of $4,000,000 or $5,000,000 can
be made out of nickel. I will tell the gentle-
man that there is not $5,000,000 worth of it
produced. There are not 1,000,000 pounds of
nickel produced in the world. One half of
all the nickel produced in the world is pro-
duced in England, and the product there is but
450,000 pounds. At $lapound that is $450,000.
Where does the gentleman get his millions from?
The whole product of nickel in the world is
not equal to what the gentleman talks about.
Mr. GUISWOLD. Well, I should like to
understand what the gentleman's authority is
for saying that there are only 1,000 pounds of
nickel in the world?
Mr. DICKEY. I did not say that; I said
1,000,000.
Mr. GR.ISWOLD. What is the gentleman's
authority for that statement? It is certain that
it is got from several mines in Europe, and I
am told that the supply is unbounded at this
mine in Pennsylvania.
Mr. DICKEY. I suppose the supplyis equal
to the demand. The largest production is in
England. More than half the nickel in the
world is produced there. The gentleman asks
me my authority. I have a pamphlet, published
by the British Association, in which the pro-
duct of England i3 put down at 200 tons of
nickel. The largest amount produced in the
world is 200 tons. I have been careful to gather
the statistics on this subject, and lean give the
gentleman the names of the manufacturers and
producers of nickel throughout the world and
the quantities that they produce.
Here is an estimate of the production of
nickel throughout the world in the year 1869:
1. In England.
Pound*.
Evans & Askin, Birmingham, England  300,000
H. Hussey Vivian, Swansea, England  100,000
Barker, and sundries, in England  50,000
450,000
11 2 .On the continent of Europe.
Fleitmaun & Witte, Iserlohn, Prussia, 60,000
! Montifiore & Co., Liege, nelsium  50,000
11 Fritz Haussler, Dillenburg, Prussia... 53,000
1 Schmolz & Co., Berlin, Prussia-  25,000
|i Geheimrath Gersdoffer, Vienna, Aus-
! tria   25,000
Nickel Works near Klefra, Sweden... 75,000
  285,000
3. In America.
Joseph Wharton, Camden, New Jersey, Uni-
ted States  135,000
Total minimum production    870,000
The gentleman has made a very great fuss
about a very small matter. In this country a
single establishment located in the State of
New Jersey is capable of producing 135,000
pounds. The ore is mined in my county, as
the gentleman says. There is no particular
harm in that. I do not know of any particular
objection to it. Mr. Wharton, the owner of
the refinery in New Jersey, opened a mine
there. In the first few year# he shipped his
ore to England, and it was refined there and
reshipped to this country.
In 1867 he established works at Camden, in
New Jersey; he imported the skill necessary
to produce and refine this nickel} he intro-
