5£72
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
by the Committee on Commerce, and they have
reported the bill back to the Senate. Now
when it comes into the Senate what are we
doing? I ask Senators, wliat are we now pro-
posing to do? One Senator from South Car-
olina gets up and moves an appropriation.
That is carried. Then a Senator from North
Carolina rises and moves an appropriation of
$100,000 for the Cape Fear river. The moment
that is passed upon another Senator will rise
and make a similar motion. Now, we cannot
investigate the propriety of these appropria-
tions that are thus moved by Senators in the
Senate.
Mr. CHANDLER. If my friend will allow
me, I forgot to answer one point in the speech
of the Senator from North Carolina. He was
under a misapprehension a3 to the amount
appropriated by this bill for places in the South.
I find that there is an appropriation for the
mouth of the Mississippi river of $300,000,
and for the Mississippi and its branches of
$1,305,000.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was about saying that
to pass a bill of this character, made up of
items of appropriation for various harbors and
improvements in the country, on the motion
of Senators, without any examination by a
committee, is acting in the dark, and we shall
get such a bill as ought not to passat all. Sup-
pose I move an appropriation of $100,000 on
this bill to improve some river in the West,
with which Senators from the East, and South
are not familiar; and then the Senator from
California moves an appropriation of $100,000
to improve the Sacramcnto river, not investi-
gated by a committee at all, and we are to vote
upon these propositions, and they are put upon
the bill, what sort of a bill would we have?
Now, if we are going to pass a bill at all for
the improvement of rivers and harbors, we
must pass such a bill on some system, some
plan, some examination of those points of
national importance, those works which come
under the denomination of works of national
interest and importance, that will justify the
appropriation. I see no way of accomplishing
any good here to-day if we are to proceed in
i his manner. We shall consume the whole day
on separate motions made by Senators in regard
to particular localities. They consider it their
duty to make these motions perhaps. We shall
accomplish nothing ; we shall spend the whole
day; and in the end we shall probably have no
bill at all, or such a bill as on investigation
every one will concede ought not to pass. It
seems to me that there is but one course to
pursue. We must either take the House bill
reported to us by the Committee ou Commerce
after examination, as it is, or we may as well
give up the effort to pass a bill at all; for I do
not believe that a bill ought to pass which shall
be amended on the motion of individual Sen-
ators in reference to localities about which the
Senate has no information whatever, and in
reference to which no committee has made
any examination.
Mr. ABBOTT. Mr. President, the Sena-
tor from Illinois undoubtedly misapprehended
what I said before. This entrance at the mouth
of Cape Fear is familiar ro every officer of the
engineer department. They all understand its
peculiarities, the depth of water, and the pro-
cess by which the changes have occurred there,
just as well as they would if there was another
survey. There was a survey, as I said, just
previous to the war, and they contemplated an
operation ou a large scale, which was to close
up what is called the new inlet, and the esti-
mates were something like $1,700,000. 1 can-
not get the engineer department to change
that recommendation. What I ask is an ap-
propriation of $100,000 to place a dredge-boat
there, in order that the sand may be reduced,
so that it may he carried out by the four and a
half mile tide.
I will say to the Senator from Illinois further
that I went to the Coast Survey and got the
Coast Survey to make a cursory examination
of this channel, and they recommended this
very appropriation, to be applied in this very
mode. There is no want of information about
this place, and if this appropriation is made
there will be no lack of intelligence in its
application. That is not the trouble. _ The
simple trouble is that the appropriation is not
on the bill of this committee, and next year it
will not be on the bill of the committee, and
the following year it will not be ou the bill of
the committee, nor will it be on any bill of the
committee in any year until every little brook
around the lakes has got a dam in it or a
channel, or canals are cut across all the flats
in that part of the country.
Mr. SUMNER. Why may it not be, if not
on this bill, on some other bill?
Mr. ABBOTT. Because there is no dispo-
sition to give any attention to those harbors on
the part of either of these committees.
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator should, for
instance, by resolution call the attention of the
committee to this place, and then follow it up
by a call on the engineer department, does he
not think ho could help the measure in that
way?
Mr. ABBOTT. I will say to the Senator
from Massachusetts that I had hardly been in
the Senate twenty-four hours when I intro-
duced a resolution instructing the Committee
on Commerce to inquire into the propriety of
doing something for the improvement of this
harbor, which resolution the Committee ou
Commerce took no notice of whatever. At the
last session 1 undertook to bring it before that
committee again, with no success whatever.
Mr. SUMNER. Has there ever been a
report from the engineers on this question ?
Mr. ABBOTT. There have been seven dis-
tinct reports from the engineer department in
reference to this harbor.
Mr. SUMNER. Since the war, I mean?
Mr. ABBOTT. Not since the war.
Mr. SUMNER. And why not?
Mr. ABBOTT. Nothing except the report
of the Coast Survey, which I procured them to
make—a cursory examination.
Mr. SUMNER. Why has there not been a
report from the engineers?
Mr. ABBOTT. There is no report from the
engineers.
Mr. SUMNER. Why has there not been a
report?
Mr. ABBOTT. Possibly it was because I
did not know how to go to work to get a report.
I do not know but that that is the reason.
Mr. SUMNER. The simple point to which
I wish to call attention is, why do not the
engineers make this recommendation?
Mr. ABBOTT. I cannot say exactly.^ They
simply refuse to make a recommendation of
this appropriation of $100,000, and change the
old recommendation, which was theappropri-
ation of this immense sum for stopping up the
new inlet.
Mr. SUMNER. As I understand the Sen-
ator, the engineers failed to make a recom-
mendation, and now the Senator comes in on
his own motion and asks the Senate to act with-
out the recommendation of the engineers.
Mr. ABBOTT. Yes, because 1 could not
get the recommendation of the engineers; but
I have the recommendation of the Coast Sur-
vey. That I stated in the explanation which
I made in the Senate some time ago.
Mr. SUMNER. Why are the engineers
against it?
Mr. ABBOTT. We all know the amount of
red tape there is about these establishments,
and they do not choose to make any change in
their former recommendation until there has
been a survey.
Mr. SUMNER. Do they not consider it
impracticable?
Mr. ABBOTT. No, sir, I do not think they
do. General Foster happened to be in the
committee-room of the House when I was
making a statement to the committee on this
subject. He is perfectly and entirely familiar
with that channel, and was stationed there many
years before the war. I did not recognize him
at the time, and when I got through he got up
and stated to the committee that this was the
most feasible proposition for improving that
harbor he had ever heard of, and that he
entirely coincided with the proposition. I told
the chairman of the Committee on Commerce
the same thing. The chief engineer knows all
about this channel.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will ask the Senator
what committee recommended this amendment?
Mr. ABBOTT. No committee.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I shall have to
make the point of order upon it._ It is out of
order. It is neither in the estimates of the
engineers, nor is there any recommendation
of a committee.
Mr. ABBOTT. Perhaps I do not under-
stand the Senator.
Mr. CHANDLER. Under the rule of the
Senate, the amendment is out of order.
Mr. KELLOGG. It is necessary under the
rule that the appropriation should be moved
from some committee of the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is on a general
appropriation bill.
Mr. KELLOGG. That is the point that the
chairman of the committee is making. I do
not say anything on that point myself.
Mr. SAWYER. I wish to say one word in
reply to what has been said by the Senator
from Illinois. The Senator from Illinois was
probably not aware that the amendment which
I had offered was an amendment in accordance
with an estimate from the engineer department,
according to a survey made six months since,
but which did not, probably because it was
not presented in season, get into the book of
estimates. It is therefore as legitimate as any
proposition in the bill in that regard. As to
its merits, I have no doubt that it is quite as
meritorious as some one of the nineteen which
are made for the State of Michigan.
Mr. CORBETT. The trouble seems to be 
Mr. CHAN'DLER. I ask that the point of
order may be decided, so that we may ascer-
tain whether there is anything before the
Senate.
Mr. ABBOTT. I gave notice of my inten-
tion to offer this amendment on the bill of the
Senator.
Mr. CORBETT. I simply wish to say that
I observe that the mouth of Cape Fear river
is embraced in the section requiring surveys
to be made of different places. When that
report is made next year, there will be a basis,
an estimate on which an appropriation can be
made, recommended from the Department. _ I
suppose that is the reason why this appropria-
tion is not on this bill. I was not present in
the committee when this bill was reported;
but I understood it was to be left open, so far
as surveys were concerned, and any recom-
mendations that were necessary to be made
hereafter were to be made in accordance with
those surveys. There were a great many appro-
priations asked for; but as I understood the
matter, the committee decided that they would
add no appropriations to the bill, except that
some places might be added, so far as surveys
were concerned, if it were necessary to ascer-
tain the cost of any improvement.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to say a few words
on this subject; but I have no objection to a
decision of the point of order being first made.
Mr. ABBOTT. I gave notice yesterday of
this amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Drake.)
The Senator from Michigan makes the point
of order upon the amendment offered by the
Senator from North Carolina, which involves
the construction to be given to the second clause
of the thirtieth rule, which reads as follows :
"All amendments to general appropriation bills
reported from committees of the Senate, proposing
new items of appropriations, sliali, one day before
they are offered, be referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and all general appropriation bilk
shall be referred to the said committee."
