2440
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
April 5f
Mr, SARGENT. I trust that after the
members representing the Pacific coast have
sat here for .three days and listened to this dis-
cussion without saying a word they will not be
prevented by the objection of any member
who may be captious from explaining as best
we may this matter which affects us so partic-
ularly. I hope, however, the objection will be
withdrawn, and that I will be allowed to occupy
five minutes.
Mr. HAYNARD. I insist on the objection.
The question was put on the amendment
moved by Mr. Smith, of Oregon; and it was
disagreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee has not accomplished his object. I
move to amend by substituting for the word
"twelve" the word "sixteen."
Mr. Chairman, the argument of the gentle-
man' from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kulley] has
fully convinced me that tho proposition before
tho committee is aimed at a process of manu-
facture only in the interest of tho refiner. I
cannot seo how tho freedman of Louisiana or
Texas or any other place is benefited; because
the sugar from the cane can be more readily
clarified to tako the place of tho higher article
of refined sugar by improved machinery; and
if sugar is made cheap thereby it will go moro
generally into consumption. It makes a wider
market for it, and thereby encourages its man-
ufacture or production. But if, when by any
improved machinery certain grades of sugar
can be cheapened lor general consumption,
and made to come into competition with arti-
cles which arc now under the control of the
refiners, you raise your tariff so as to exclude
access to them by the people generally, you
thereby injure tho people under the pretense
of benefiting a class.
Now, sir, J say there is no answer to this state-
ment, that in a previous lino of tlie bill, line
nineteen, you allow sugar which may come up
to 20 Dutch standard to como in for 2 cents per
pound. No objection is made to that on the
ground that it injures the freedman, or any
other man. That is the proposition of the
committee. But when it is provided with re-
gard to the Sandwich island sugar, ingeniously
selected by the committee and put here in the
form of this proviso, that that, sugar, if it is
brought by the use of improved machinery up
to No. ,12 Dutch standard, shall pay 2J cents
per pound, then they discriminate against that.
1 ask, why not allow the Sandwich Island sugar,
if it is brought up to 20 Dutch standard, to
oomo in at the same rate of duty as Muscovado
sugar of tho same standard does? If tho
standard is equalized, then we have no objec-
tion. If it be said that more revenue is needed,
that may bo obtained by putting the duties at
2!j or o cents per pound. We all agree to that;
but wo say let it be equal, let it be upon all
kinds of sugar having the same standard fully
alike. But do not take a certain article, man-
ufactured in a particular way, clarified in a
particular way, and say we will select that, and
it shall pay half a cent a pound more than any
other kind. We object to that, because we are
the only consumers of that kind of sugar on
the Pacific coast; while we derive no benefit
from the Muscovado or raw sugar, on which
the duty is low, and which is imported on the
Atlantic coast. And we say that the standard
should be put high enough to give us on the
Pacific coast some benefit from the reduction
of the tariff.
[Here the hammer fell.}
Mr. SCHENCiL Mr. Chairman, I regretted
very much to differ upon even a, single point
from the majority of my committee, but re-
flecting upon this subject, I cannot see yet
wherein I was wrong. I have, as the commit-
tor well knows, from the beginning, in every-
thing that relaled to sugar, taken the ground 1
that v,(; must so legislate as to put at the low-
'.-it i of duty all raw sugar, no matter how
its quality, sj that the people should no!
i'<-0co.-.arily bo ''riven t'> use retini't i.t-s-n' <>
they could get good sugar made by the original
process. It was in aid of that idea that to bring
sugar advanced in quality within the defini-
tion of clarified sugar it shall bo so advanced
by secondary process; that is, by soma process
subsequent to the original manufacture.
Now, I am told that all these processes are
subsequent to tho original manufacture. If
that be so, then the language I proposed could
have dono no harm. If it be that there is no
such thing as crystallization, purging, liquor-
ing in molds, or refining through vacuum-pan
process except after the original manufacture,
then putting m tho words " subsequent to the
original manufacture'' would not do any harm.
But if, on the contrary, it be that you can by
tho use of the vacuum pan make a very fine
article of sugar at the sugar-house during the
continuance of the original process, then there
was some moaning in the amendment, and it was
carrying out the object I have all along had in
view. Butwhen, thatamendmentliavingfailed,
the gentleman moved to strike out the whole pro-
viso and leave clarifi ed sugars without definition,
I could not agree with him. That, however, also
failed. Now the motion is to strike out "12" and
insert "1G;" so that it shall be sugar advanced
in quality above No. 10 Dutch standard in
color. But if the gentleman will look back to
the first clause he will find that all raw or
Muscovado sugars, and all other sugars not
above No. 12, aro to pay 2 aents. What, then,
would become of sugars between 12 and 16 if
his amendment were to provail? Wo must
make the different parts of the bill agree with
each other. We have classed along with raw
sugars at the lowest rate of duty all sugars
below No. 12 Dutch standard of every kind,
no matter how clarified ; and to be consistent
ws must class all that is above No. 12 with
some other class. I think that wo ought to
preserve tho consistency of the bill, and to
retain the provision made by tho committee
so far as bavbig a distinct definition of what
constitute clarified sugars.
Mr. SARGENT. If the gentleman will con-
sent that we shall have a vote iu tho House on
tho amendment which he suggested and which
1 offered some little time sinco I will withdraw
the pending amendment, to tho amendment.
Mr. 8C1IENCK. I cannot do that. I voted
with tho gentleman, but the committee voted
us down.
Mr. SARGENT. The chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means can allow the amend-
ment to be offered in the House.
Mr. SOHENCK. It can only be done by
unanimous consent, and I know that gentle-
men around me would object.
[Ilere the hammer fell.]
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected—ayes thirty-five, noes not counted.
The question recurred on the following sub-
stitute lor the pending paragraph reported by
the Committee of Ways and Means :
On refined sugar, fetovo-dricd.iuloaf, lump.crushed,
powdered or fn'ftnulated, 4 ccnts per pound: Pro-
vided. That all sugar other than refined Etovo-dricd
which lias been advanced in cxuality above No. 12
Dutoh slandat d in color, ly being boiled in a vacuum
pan, or crystallized in a vacuum pan, or clayed, or
liquored in molds, or purged in contrifagal machines,
or by vacuum process, or filtered through bone-black
or its equivalent, shall bo vegarded as clarified sugar:
Andprovided further, That the Secretary of theTrcas-
ury shall, by regulations, prescribe and require that
samples shall bo taken by inspectors so as to get a
true averago quality; and that the said samples be
severally preserved in glass bottles and marked for
futuro identification and reference; and that tho
weights of sugar imported in cask* or boxes shall bo
marked distinctly by the custom-house weigher l>y
scoring tho figures indelibly on each package.
The substitute was agreed to.
The Clerk then continued the reading of tho
bill, as follows;
On molasses from sugar-cane, 5 cents per gallon.
On tank bottomssirupof sugar-cane juico. melada.
concentrated melada, ot concentrated molasses, lj
cent per pound: Provided, That all sirup of sugar,
sirup ofsuscar-cano juico, melada, concentrated me-
lada, or concentrated molasses entered under the
nunc (,f niolii.-.-cs, shall bo forfeited to the United
On pimento and on blnek, white, and rod, or Cay-
en no popper. 5 cents por pound. -
On ground pimento and on ground pepper of all-
kinds, 10 oents per pound.
On ginger root, 2 cents per pound.
On ginger ground, 5 cents per pound.
On cinnamon and on nutmegs, 20 cents per pound.
On mace, 25 cents por pound.
On cloves, 8 eonts per pound.
On clove stems, 3 oonts per poundt ■ -
On cassia and cassia vera, 10 eonts per pound. ■ -
On cassia buds and ground cassia, 20 ceats per
pound. , - ,
On all other spices, 20 cents por pound; ground or
proparod, SO cents per pound.
On wines of all kinds, imported in oasks, GO cents
per gallon.
Mr. COBURN. I move to strike out lines
fifty-seven and fifty-eight, which are as follows:
On wines of all kinds, imported in casks, 50 cents
por gallon.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
On wines of all kinds, imported in casks, valued at
not over 50 cents a gallon, 50 Cents per gallon! and
on all such wines valued at over 50 cents and undei'
$1 a gallon, $1 per gallon; and on all sueh wines
valued at ovor $1 a gallon, 11 25 per gallon.
My object in offering this amendment is this:
by this bill the duty on some wines has been
reduced, and on other articles it_ has been
increased. The present law provides for a
duty of 20 cents per gallon and 25 per cent, ail
valorem, on 50 cent wine, and 50 cents a gallon
and 25 per cent, ad valorem on wines not over
$1 a gallon and over 50 cents a gallon, and on
wines of $1 a gallon and over, a duty of $ 1 per
gallon and 23 per cent, ad valorem. It strikes
mo that by a classification such as I have pro-
posed in the amendment I have offered there
will result no material detriment to the coun-
try or to the revenue itself, but that even a
larger revenue would be obtained from this
article. Wine is an article of luxury, an arti-
cle that can be taxed more or less without
affecting the industry of the country, except
so far as wine is pfoduced in this country. I
do not know but 75 cents or $1 a gallon could
be collected just as well as 50 cents a gallon.
The Committee of Ways and Means, however,
propose 50 cents a gallon as tho duty on all
wines Without regard to value, although^ cer-
tain low grades of wine can be easily distin-
guished from tho high grades of wine. The
reason for abolishing all distinction between
the different grades of wine, it seems to me,
cannot prevail as an argument in favor of the
provision reported by the committee.
By my amendment the amount of reVenud
which would be derived on the importation
of 18G9 from wines would be as follows: on
0,323,129 gallons, $3, valued at not over 50
cents por gallon, 101,504; on 474,872 gal-
lons, over 50 cents and under §1 per gallon,
$474,872 ; and on wines over $1 per gallon,
3215,798 ; making a total of §3,852,254. At.
tho rates fixed by the law now in force it was
$2,393,012, or a difference of aboutS 1,200,000
in a single year in favor of my amendment ots
this single article. I take tlie position, and [
believe it is incontrovertible, that we ejtl raise
75 cents a gallon of revenue from wine jusi
as easy as we can raise 50 cents a gallon, xincl
my amendment proposes a duty not so high as
75 cents a gallon, except upon tho higher-
priced wines. The genetal principle that we
should tax luxuries is adopted in my amend-
ment, which I hope will be agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have the statistics for
the importation of wines for the year I860, but
my figures differ from those of tho gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Coiuirk,] although the
general result is tho same. There are three
classes of wine under the present tariff. Wines
valued at 50 cents per gallon are subject to ft-
duty of 20 cents per gallon and 25 per cent-
ad valorem, and in 1869 that class of wines
produced a revenue of $1,770,853 49. Tho
second class of wines are those valued at over
50 cents and not over $1 per gallon, and are
subject to a duty of 50 cents" per gallon and
25 per cent, ad valorem. That class of wines
in 1809 produced fi revenue of $323,909 71.
The third class is vhYps vAl'ued at over $1 a
