3384
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
dueed & practical chemist from Europe. I
have here a letter from the late Democratic
Director of the Mint at Philadelphia, in which
he states that Mr. Wharton's competition re-
duced thevaluoof nickel from $1 85 to $1 25
per pound. The reduction in the price of gold
has broken him down and he has stopped his
refinery, and there is a very slight advance in
nickel. This nickel is consumed most largely
in the States of Connecticut and Massachusetts.
The manufacturers of that region who consume
this article are desirous that this man should
have some protection; that there should be
some competition. At present it is a monopoly.
Two houses in England alone produce one
half of the entire nickel in the world. If there
is to be any favoritism I think the preference
should be given to the American producer who
brings his workmen hero. The gentleman is
speakingin favor of two monopolists in Europe
who regulate the price. They broke down this
man because thero was no protection to the
American consumer of nickel. The manufac-
turers here are desirous that he shall have some
protection, so that he shall be able to go on.
For a year past he has been compelled to stop
his work.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The amendment of Mr. Griswold was
rejected—ayes thirty six, noes not counted.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I offer the following
amendment, to come in attheendof the clause:
Provided, That all nickel, puro or unalloyed, and
all metals or otbcr substances of which nickel shall
l'orm aoomponent part, which shall bo purchased in
behalf of the Government of tho United States by
tho Director of tho Mint, or otherwise, for coinage,
shall be admitted free of duty, and that the same
shall bo so purchased aad contracted for at such
places and on such terms as shall be best and most
advantageous to the Government of the United
States.
I have proposed an amendment the effect
of which, if it shall be adopted and this bill
shall become a law, will be that there shall be
oo monopoly in this article of nickel; that
after Congress has once passed an act which
was actually prohibitory of the importation of
nickel, the only effect of which was to pay to
one company the entire duty upon this article,
the Government shall not lose the full amount
of duty imposed upon the quantity of the arti-
cle used by the Government. Itis well under-
stood that the bill which has passed this House
for a new coinage, as a substitute for the pres-
ent small coinage of the country, ought to
pass, properly guarded in its provisions, and
no doubt will pass. That will involve, as was
conceded here in the debate upon the bill, as
now can be shown by a reference to the report
of that debate, a coinage of about $40,000,000.
That was conceded by gentlemen on the other
side of the House.
Mr. MAYNARD. If iho gentleman will
refer to page 48 of this bill he will find an
express provision that "articles imported for
the useof the United States" shall be admitted
free of duty.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I could not very dis-
tinctly hear the statement of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Dickey] in reference
to the amount of nickel produced in this and
in other countries. But by reference to the
New American Encyclopedia, whieh is a very
late work and. a very reliable work, it will
be seen that it is there stated that in this
mine in Pennsylvania there are inexhaustible
quantities of this metal, and that it is to be
found in several other places in the United
States. And it is also distinctly stated that
this metal i3 found and manufactured in some
rive or six different countries in Europe.
But vow, after it. has already been conceded
by gentlemen well acquainted with this sub-
ject, by gentlemen concerned in proposing this
new coinage, that it would amount to about
$40,000,000, of which one third or one fourth,
at least $10,000,000, was to be nickel, I do
'not understand how it can be claimed that
a small amounc. at nipkel can be obtained
in the world. It certainly is understood that
from 25 to 36 per cent, of this uew coinage
was to be of nickel, and that there was to be
about $40,000,000 of this new coinage. I have
not been able to ascertain that any amount
of this metal has been imported into the Uni-
ted States. Then, why is this great increase
of duty from 15 to 40 per cent, proposed at
this time upon this metal, which is principally
used by the Government of the United States
itself?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Griswold] has either not been very
industrious in his search or he has wandered
into strange paths for his information. I hold
iu my hand the Government report of the
amount of importations for the year 1868, tho
last published, by which it appears that in that
year thero was imported 118,058 pounds of
nickel; or in other words, about 12 per cent,
of the entire production of the world, including
that of our own country. The production of
nickel in no one year has ever been recorded
at 1,200,000 pounds.
Mr. GRISWOLD. Was that the importa-
tion for last year?
Mr. KELLEY. It was the importation for
1868; that for 1869 was larger, but I cannot
state the exact amount.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I would like some as-
surance that such was the fact.
Mr. KELLEY. I do not know personally
that such was the fact; but I know that such
is the report of the Government, which shows
the amount of duty it received into its Treas-
ury from this article. The gentleman iB equally
in error in saying that $40,000,000 of nickel
would be wanted for the new coinage to which
he has referred. I was the author of the ex-
pression which be has tried to quote. When
the new coinage bill was under consideration
I was asked what amount of this new coinage
would probably be required for the use of the
restored Union. My answer was that it was
estimated at $40,000,000, which included tho
one, two, three, five, and ten cent pieces, the
fifteen cent notes, and the twenty-five cent
coins. Tho nickel coinage, or the copper-
nickel, the bill proposed snould be composed
of 75 per cent, of copper and 25 per cent, of
nickel. Of the copper-nickel coinage there
might probably be $7,000,000, of which one
fourth would be nickel and the other three
fourths copper. Therefore, the gentleman's
$40,000,000 dwindles down to less than
$2,000,000.
And the idea that the nickel is chiefly iin-.
ported for the use of the Government is as ab-
surd as the other statement. It is imported for
Britannia ware and white ware. Every cheap
caster, spoon, and dish that we see at the re-
fectories at which we stop on the railroad, tho
handsome breakfast sets, imitating silver in
their form and polish, are all made of white
metal, albata, or German silver, into which
nickel enters as an ingredient.
I suppose the Almighty committed, perhaps,
a great fault when, distributing nickel through
our broad country, He put a deposit of it in
Pennsylvania. It is true, however, that He
did so. But that deposit sinks into insignif-
icance beside that at Mount La Motte, Mis-
souri. It is small io comparison with the
deposit in Kentucky, or that in old Virginia
and West Virginia. It is' not much larger
than that of Connecticut. But when the Gov-
ernment was paying from $1 50 to $1 70 for
every pound of nickel it bought a citizen of
Pennsylvania embarked $400,000 in the ex-
periment of opening a nickel mine, and at the
end of nearly seven yeard produced the first
American nickel. It takes eight months to
convert the oro into the metal. Nickel ore
that yields. 8 per cent, is considered very rich.
It is frequently worked when the yield is only
2\ per cent. Any ore that promises 2 per
cent, of metal at the end of eight months is
worked. This is, with the exception of platina,
the most remarkable among metals. The gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Potter] showed
me to-day tho works of his magnificent watch
made from nickel because it will not rust be-
cause after being immersed in water and allowed
to dry in the sun it shows no signs of oxid-
ation. There is scarcely any mechanical pur-
pose for which nickel cannot be used.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Gris-
wold] pleads for two foreign monopolies.
He pleads that the United States shall not
interfere with the two monopolies that now
supply, to a great extent, this country. All
that we ask is that you will enable one or two
native mines to be worked ; that our Mint
may continue to get its nickel at $1 20 per
pound, as it now does, instead of paying $1 70 •
that the manufacturers of Britannia and white
ware may get their material at $1 20, instead
of $1 50 or $1 70. Tho simple fact that Mr.
Wharton's nickel works in New Jersey made
the nickel from the matte of Lancaster county
has saved the Government on all the nickel it
has bought, whether of American or foreign
production, more than the increase of duty
now asked ; for the effect of this native pro-
duction has been to bring down the price from
$1 60 per pound to $1 20. What is asked is
an increase of 25 cents per pound, less than 35
per cent, ad valorem, the present price of
nickel being $1 20, and the proposed duty
being 40 cents per pound.
I have stated simply and briefly the whole
story, and though western gentlemen do not
like me to say so, I affirm that I plead for Mis-
souri and Kentucky, for Virginia and Connec-
ticut. I plead for the farmer (whose grain
will otherwise rot) that he may have mines
worked, and factories, forges, and coal-banks
opened in his own vicinity, so that there may
be near to the grain-field the persons to con-
sume the grain, and afford the farmer a market
for his product.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOAR. I ask that the pending amend-
ment be read.
The Clerk read the amendment.
Mr. HOAR. I raise the question of order
that it i3 not germane in a tariff bill to provide
in what mode the Director of the Mint shall
purchase metal for the Government.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order is
well taken. The Chair rules that the amend-
ment is germane only so far as the Clerk will
read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Provided, That all nickel, pure or alloyed, and all
metals or othor substances of which nickel shall
form ® component part, which shall be purchased on
behalf of the Government of the United States by
tho Direotor of tho Mint, or otherwise, for coinage,
shall bo admitted free of duty.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules that this
portion of the amendment is germane. The
remainder is ruled out.
Mr. HOAR. I wish to inquire whether the
portion of the amendment ruled to be admis-
sible is not the provision of the existing law?
■ The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot an-
< swer that question.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I move to
amend the paragraph by striking out the last
word. Mr. Chairman, in reply to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley,] who stated
in his remarks, not very reverently, that it was
the fault of the Almighty who placed the nickel
mine in Lancaster county, Pennsylvania, let
me say that it was one of the blessings of the
Almighty when He bestowed a nickel mine on
Lancaster county, Pennsylvania; but it was
one of the misfortunes of His creatures there—
I speak in no improper sense—of the human
' beings who in part represent the Stale of Penn-
\, sylvania, that they have tried to make all parts
of the United States subject to and pay taxes
■ and bounties to the monopolies and particular
interests in Pennsylvania. When they look
abroad beyond their own happy and bountiful
Commonwealth they attempt _ to' levy taxes
| upon all other parts of the United States tor
!i whatever blessing the good God has bestowed
