1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
  —
4329
the amendment proposed by the Committee on
Appropriati ons.
Mr. WARD. Mr. Speaker, what is the ques-
tion now before the House ? Is it on concurring
in the Senate amendment?
The SPEAKER. The Committee on Appro-
priations have reported an amendment to the
Senate amendment, and the question will first
recur on the amendment of the committee.
Mr. ROGERS. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the Senate, for the reason that it dis-
allows the amnesties of tho President of the
United States. I remember, air, in my country
during the war, when there were hundreds of men
who came invited by the President, sanctioned
by the laws of Congress, into the Federal lines.
They came under the invitation of President
Lincoln, assuring them thatthey should be par-
doned if they would lay down their arms and
come into the Federal lines and cease their
l-ebellion against the Government. They were
promised they should be amnestied. Hundreds
came, sir, into the Federal lines under that in-
vitation of the President. His proclamation
was a safe conduct to them. They took the oath
prescribed by the President, and which I be-
lieve he was authorized to prescribe by act of
Congress. To go back of that proclamation to
these men would be to go back of the plighted
faith of the Government. It would be a gross
violation of the safe-conduct granted by the
Government itself to these men.
I hold, therefore, that the Senate amendment
should not be concurred in, and that the ex-
actions they make of these men should not be
accorded by this House. It would bo most
unjust to those men. It would be an outrage
upon the men who came within the Federal
lines under the President's proclamation of
amnesty and in tho full belief, as had been
promised to them, that they should be restored
to all the rights ot citizenship. 1
What was held
out by the proclamation of the President under
the sanction of the law should not be denied.
It would be neither just nor wise to do so. We
should stand by the plighted faith of the Gov-
ernment, and in doing so this House must
necessarily refuse its concurrence in the amend-
ment of the Senate.
Mr. BECK. Mr. Speaker, would it be in
order to move to non-coneur in the Senate
amendment now under consideration?
The SPEAKER. A motion of non-coueni-
rence is never put. The motion put is to con-
cur, and gentlemen non-concurring vote in the
negative.
Sir. POTTER. I favor the substitute re-
ported by the gentleman from. Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dawes,] as being less objectionable than
the amendment from tho Senate. But I only
favor it in so far as I regard it as less objection-
able. I should be glad if f could get an oppor-
tunity to vote first upon the simple question
whether the amendment from the Senate should
or should not be concurred in. If I should have
such an opportunity, I should certainly vote to
non-concur. I cannot conceive any cousm-
eration of justice, any motive of good pohc.y,
any principle of wise government that can wai-
rant this amendment which the Senate have
introduced into the bill. _ , .
When a man presents a claim agauis^ tij'S
(Overnment to the Couit of Claims, it^ tin-
Go. ~— -- , .
Court of Claims award him auytmng it is
because the Government, according to the
court's judgment, which, by the way, is tue
best means of determining such questions that
we liave arrived at, honestly owes him some-
thing : and if it honestly owes him sometmng,
it ought, to pay that something to him. Aow,
upon what principle of good government, upon
nh.it principle of encouraging tlie allegiance
of people who have done v.-iong, upon what
wincinle of fostering that general satisfac-
tion on the part of its people without which
no Government can either be strong or pios-
pero'is, are men who have offended against the
Government to be shut out troui recovering
from the G overn.neut what by the judgment ot
its own tribunal is honestly and justly due to
them?
I am at loss to understand how it can be
affirmed that there is any justice 111 such an
amendment. I fail to see any principle of
public policy which should invite our support
of it. I desire, therefore, if I can have an
opportunity, to record my vote simply in the
first instance against concurring iii a measure
which, upon every principle of good and wise
government, seems to me to be most objec-
tionable.
Mr. DAWES. I have no objection to have
the question first put on a motion to non-con-
cur, and then, if that fails, the question can
be put to concur with the amendment recom-
mended by the committee. I hope, of course,
that the amendment of the committee will be
adopted, and that the motion to non-coneur will
not prevail.
The SPEAKER. If the House should non-
concur tho gentleman from Massachusetts will
not have an opportunity of taking the sense
of the Hou e on bis amendment.
Mr. DAWES. 1 made the proposition which
I offered a moment ago because tho gentleman
from New York [Mr. Potti;r] desires a vote,
which lie cannot get unless wo reverse the
order. I am in favor of concurring with au
amendment; but the gentleman from _ New
York wants a separate vote on the question of
non-coueuiriiig in the. Senate amendment. If
he fails in that, then the question can be taken
on my amendment.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection
the question will be staled in that way.
Mr. DAWES. 1 mean that the question shall
be put on non-concurring.
The SPEAKER. It is never put in that
way. The Chair can submit the question of
concurrence, and those desiring lion concur-
rence will vote in the negative.
Mr. DAWES. I think what I propose would
bring about what we want. 1 do not object to
the gentleman from New 1'ork having a separ-
ate vote on iion-coucurring in the Senate's
amendment, aud then I will ask the House to
concur with the amendment ol'the committee.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Does the gen-
tleman see not that in order to meet his view
we shall be compelled to concur in what we
du not believe in, so that the gentleman from
Now York iney have an opportunity to vote
against it?
Mr. 0UL1.0M. I call for the regular order.
Mr. DAWES. I withdraw the proposition
that the House vote first on the question of
non concurrence.
The SPEAKER. The question is now on
concurring in the amendment ot tho Senate,
with an amendment reported from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
Mr. BECK. I desire to occupy the time of
the House on this question but a very fow
moments. Rut, being on the committee, and
bavin" agreed to report this amendment, I
think "it is but fur to myself and to my Dem-
ocratic colleague on the committee to say that
we" were in iavor of absolute noii-coticurreuce
in the amendment of the Senate. But being
unable to get that, we preferred the amend-
ment proposed by our committee to the Sen-
ate amendment, and hence acquiesced in its
being reported in this l'orin.
I am one ol those who believe thaftbe pai-
i Jon of an offender by the President is an
| absolute restoration to the man pardoned of
1 all his rights in and out ot court, whether the
! paidon came from Lincoln or from Johnson.
I The majority of tho committee, I believe, dif-
| fered with me in that. I desire to call'the
; attention o! the House to what the Supreme
1 Court of the United SUtes say as to the offeet
of a pardon such as President Johnson granted.
In the case of G arland, 1 Wallace, the court say :
" The Constitution proviues_ that the President
' phaii have power ?o erant ri prieves and pardons tur
offers nram^tthc United State?', cxcopt in eases
oi' impeachment.'
*' Thu power thus conferred is unlimited, with tho ^
exception stated. It extends to every offense known
to tho law, and may be exercised at any time after
its commission, either before logal proceedings are
taken, or during their pendency, or nfter conviction
and judgment. This power of th© President is not
subject to legislative control. Congress can neither
limit tho effect of his pardon, nor exclude from its
exercise any class of offenders, 'fhe benign prerog-
ative ©f mercy reposed in him cannot be fettered by
any legislative restrictions.
A pardon reaches both the punishment prescribed
forthe offense and the guilt of the offender. When
tho pardon is full it releases the punishment and
blots out the existence of the quilt, so that in the eyo
oi: the law the offender is as innocent as if he had
never committed tho offense. If gran tod before con-
viction it prevents any of the penalties and disabili-
ties consequent upon conviction from attaching. If
granted aftei conviction it removes theponaltics and
disabilities aud restores him to all his civil rights.
It makes him, as it were, a new man, and gives him
new credit and capacities."
That is the extent of what the Supreme Court
has said upon this point. Bui by concurring
with the Senate in their amendment the House
would not only set aside what the Supreme
Court has decided as to the effect of a pardon,
but would stultify its own action and be guilty
of bad faith in so doing. On the 17th of June,
18G2, Congress passed anaet entitled ''An act
to suppress insurrection, to punish treason and
rebellion) to seize and confiscate the property
of rebels, and for other purposes," by the thir-
teenth section of which it was expressly pro-
vided—
" That the President is hereby authorized, at any
ti mo hereafter, by prod amation, to extend to persons
who mav have participated in the cxisihia rebellion
in any State or part thereof, pardon and amnesty,
with such exceptions and at such time and on such
conditions as he may dooiu expediont lor tho publio
welfare."
The President of tlie United States is here
authorized to name the conditions upon which
those participating in the rebellion shall be
restored to all rights of property.
Those conditions were named by President
Lincoln, by virtue of that authority, in a proc-
lamation issued on the Gth of December, 1S08,
and are as follows ;
"I, Abraham Lincoln, President of the United
States, do proclaim, declare, and make known to all
persons who have, directly or by implication, par-
ticipated in tho existing rebellion, except as herein-
after excepted, that a full pardon is hereby granted
to them and each of them, with restoration of ail
rights of property, exccpt as to slaves, and in prop-
erly cases where rights of third parties shall havo
intervened, and upon condition that every such per-
son shall take andsubscribe an oath and thenceforth
keep and maintain said oath inviolate, and which,
oafh shall be registered for permanent preservation,
and shall be ot tho tenor and oil cot following, to
wit." I Here follows tho otith, &c.]
Still further, the Congress of the United
States passed another law to provide for the
collection of abandoned property and for the
prevention of frauds in insurrectionary districts
within the United States, directing that the
proceeds of the sales of abandoned property
should be paid into the Treasury of the United
States. ,
Tho third section of this act provides as
follows :
" And any parson claiming to havo boon tin?
owner of any suoli abandoned or captured property
may at any time within two years after thesuypres-
sion of the rebellion piefer his claim to the pro-
ceeds thereof in the dourt of Claims; and on proof to
tho satisfaction of said courtof hisownership olsuid
piopertv, of his right to the proceed* thereof, and
that he has never «ivon any aid or comfort to the
present rebellion, to rceeive the residue ol such pro-
ceeds after the deduction of any purehase:money
which may have been paid, together with the
expense of transportation and sale of said property
and any other lawful expenses attending tue imposi-
tion thereof."
Now, sir, in view of these three acts and
tlie proceeds of the sale of this property being
in the Treasury and subject to the orders ot
the Court of Claims, it is bad faith in Con-
gress not to allow these men to go before the
Court of Claims. You may shut the court
against all men, if you please, but after you
have said that men shall have a r'£-! ^
before the court if they will do certain things,
you cannot take that right away without l<-<,
faith ; nor can you shut it against one clas,
while it is open to another. 5 ou cannot say
that a red-headed man snail not appear a.id
