1870.
THE' CONGBBSBIONA.L GLOBE.
3385
on tie State of Pennsylvania. Nov, it so hap-
pens that the only nickel mine worked in the
United States is by Mr. Joseph Wharton, who,
in a letter recently published in the Philadel-
phia North American, uses these words: " I
am the only producer of nickel on this conti-
nent" Those are his very words. Although
there are nickel mines in Missouri, in Con-
necticut, and perhaps in other portions of the
country, yet no Representative from the West
or anywhere else rises here to ask that thirty-
six States of this great Union shall pay a tax
to some Mr. Joseph Wharton of Missouri, or
some other State of the Union.
The great and serious objection to this ar-
ticle of nickel is the tail which it carries along
with it. We have on manufactures and articles
of nickel, albata or white metal, argentine,
German silver, and the like mixed metals, 45
per cent ad valorem. Because nickel is to be
raised a whole posse of duties are made to
follow in its trail. They put nickel ahead of
the scheme, and after it follow all the German
silver manufactures. It is the boast of the
poor people of the United States that they are
not forced to use iron knives and forks; but
they caa use plated ware or ware plated with
German silver, a metal used largely in all the
domiciles of the country, yet here the duty is
first raised on nickel, and then follows an
increase of duty on articles of nickel, albata
or white metal, argentine, German silver, and
the Hke mixed metals. This bill is a levy upon
every fork, every spoon,, every caster, every
article of German silver, bringing them into
the "ring" of the duties imposed upon other
articles throughout the country. It is a levy
made exclusively for the benefit of Joseph
Wharton, of Lancaster county, Pennsylvania.
The demand is perfectly enormous. It is now
15 cents per pound, and the demand on this
Hoase is to make it 40 cents per pound. It is
preposterous, outrageous; and if I could be
surprised at anything in this House of Repre-
sentatives in the way of demand for the pro-
tection of special interests, it would be at this
demand foT this rise on all articles of German
silver from 15 to 40 cents per pound. Yot it
is in the " ring." It is tied up with wire. It
is linked with iron. It is fettered around with
hoops. It is wrapped up in cotton and wool.
It is clothed in a variety of garments. By the
force of that11 ring," I fear, at this hour of the
night, when there is hardly a quorum present,
this will be added to the other enormities of
this bill.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman from New
York says this tax is enormous, yet he has been
endeavoring to impress the House and country
that we were imposing duties of 100 per cent.,
75 per cent., and 50 per cent, on otherinetals.
If that be so, then 35 per cent, ad valorem on
a new metal, the material for making which
lies so bountifully among us, is not enormous.
But it i§ the current practice of the gentle-
man to blow hot and cold. He tells us this
duty will increase the price; but when he was
making his speech in the opening of the tariff
debate he showed the country how the duty on
copper had reduced, its price. The ease is anal-
ogous, and I will read from page 13 of the
pamphlet copy of the gentleman's speeeh :
"An honorable gentleman from Michigan in the
fortieth Congress (Mr. Driggs) tempted the House
to impose a heavy duty upon imported copper, to
give a bounty to the copper miners of Lake Supe-
rior ; und he did it with the belief, I have no doubt,
tliat it would run up the price of the article. My
honorable colleague on the Ways nnd Means, from
Michigan, [Mr. Blaib,] cooperated with him: but
the result has been just the roverso of what the hon-
orable gentleman expected—as in the case of wool,
topper ingot in 186S was 22 cents per pound by the
wgot: and pending the agitation lor the bounty in-
pfwise from 2i- to 5 cent3 per pound the price ran up
to and 25 cents; but after the levy of tho 45 per
cent.it ran down soon to 22 and 23 cents, and it is now
only 20i cents per pound. So that tho copper pro-
?u®r -°^ Michigan, instead of reaping the benefit
ot to increased bounty, has had the article left upon
nisi hands 3 or 4 cents less than he might have had
bat for tho bounty sought for here."
Yes ; that duty developed new works and
stimulated capitalists to employ more hands,
and copper is cheaper to-day than ever before.
But now, when the gentleman pleads for the
importers of New York and their foreign prin-
cipals, when he pleads for the employers of
the poorly paid laborers of England and Ger-
many, he tells us that the increase of duty will
increase the cost. Sir, this duty will develop
the production of this article. I send to the
desk to be read a letter from Messrs. Evans &
Askin, the great English nickel manufacturers,
who tell us that if we put on this duty they will
send one of the members of their firm to erect
a nickel refinery in this country and contest
the market. And then we will have cheap
nickel, as we have got cheaper copper by the
protective duty, in spite of the gentleman's
resistance to it.
The Clerk read as follows;
Bibhinqhau, March 18.18SS.
Dear Sir : Althongh it is now some time since we
had tho pleasure of corresponding we hear from time
to time of tho progress you are ma king in the nickel
trade in America, nnd we trust you find the business
a remunerative and suooessful ono.
We hear that attempts are being made to influence
Congress to increase largely tl}o iojport duties on
refined nickel, and although perhaps we might at
first regret that tha duties should be raised, we are
not quite sure it would not ultimately be to our ad-
vantage ; for if the duties are so raised as to render
the import of nickel almost prohibitory we shall at
once adopt measures to send out one of the junior
members of our firm and erect a nickel refinery in
the States. In fact from tho large quantities of nickel
and cobalt ores offered to us by mine La Motte, the
Haley Smelting Company, and several others, we
are almost disposed to do so at once, as we think it
might answer our purpose better than forwarding
the refined article from this country. We are not,
of course, selfish enough to wish a monopoly of the
nickel trade in America, but wo hope and intend to
have a share of it, either by shipment to or refining
in the States.
Should we decide upon erecting works in your
country may we reckon on any supply of orp fropi
your mine, in addition to other sources?
Wo are, dear sir, yours, faithfully.
EVANS & ASKIN.
Mr. Joseph Wharton.
Mr. KELLEY I will now ask for the read-
ing of a letter from the late Director of the
Mint, Dr. Linderman, as to the effect of Mr.
Wharton's enterprise in reducing the price of
nickel.
The Clerk read as follows:
Philadelphia, June 10,1869.
Dear Sir : I have yours in reference to the price
paid by the Mint in past years for nickel.
In former years, when the supply of nickel was
uncertain, it was customary to purchase lote of for-
eign nickel, varying in percentage of nickel con-
tained, from 50 to 96 per cent., and the price was
predicated on the fineness. Subsequently a rule
was established to purchase and pay for the amount
of pure nickel contained in the article. When so
purchased my recollection is that the price paid
was never less than 81 50, fold, per pound, and fre-
quently it was as high as $1 75. Early in 1867, the
price under the competition hetween your estab-
lishment and foreign producers fell to about $1 40;
subsequently it receded to $1 30, and afterwards to
$1 25 per pound. The last-named price, according
to my recollection, is the lowest rate at which pure
nickel has ever been purchased by theMipt.
Although yoU have not requested my opinion on
the subject,! deem it simple justicfe.to say that the
establishment of your nickel refinery has resulted
in bringing down the price of the article, and bene-
fited the Government.
Very truly, yours,
U.R.WNPPRMAN.
Joseph Wharton, esq.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate qp the pending
amendment is exhausted.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope there will be no
further debate upon it.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I desire to
be permitted to say one wond in reply to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mt. Kelley, }
and then 1 shall not object; to debate being
closed. I desire to say in reply to the gentle-
man, and in reply to the constant reiteration
that I am the representative of the importing
interest—I desire to state that I represent a
district containing an immense number of
people, among whom there are nO doubt many
importers; yet there ar& 500 mechanics to
every importer there is in the district. And
among these mechanics and laborers whom I
represent here there is a large, a very large
number of German-silver ware manufacturers
of various kinds. I speak here for those ipanu-
facturers against this enormous duty on nickel.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schenck] asks unanimous consent
that debate on this paragraph shall cease. The
Chair hears no objection.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
Several Members. Too late.
The question was put on Mr. Griswold's
amendment; and there were on a division—
ayes thirty-three, noes not counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL. I move to amend by strik-
ing out "40," in the four hundred and sixty-
fifth line, and inserting " 30." On this amend-
ment I only desire to say a very few words.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman can only
advocate his amendment by unanimous con-
sent, debate on the pending paragraph having
been closed.
Mr. MAYNARD. I object.
Mr. RANDALL. I only desire to say that
I have some practical knowledge of this mat-
ter, and that I think a duty of 30 cents is suffi-
cient. But I would like at the same time to
tell the committee why I think so.
The CHAIRMAN. Objection is made to
the gentleman proceeding.
Mr. RANDALL. I objected to the propo-
sition to close the debate.
Several Members. The objection was made
too late,
Mr. RANDALL. I only wish to state why
consider 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has every
disposition to oblige the gentleman, but it is
not in bis power.
Mr. RANDALL. I distinctly stated that
whep the proposition was made to close de-
bate I objected, having in view the amend-
ment which I now propose.
The CHAIRMAN. Upon the statement
made by the gentleman is there unanimous
consent that he be allowed to proceed ? The
Chair heaps no objection.
Mr. RANDALL. I shall not occupy the
time of the House with any figures of speech.
I shall confine myself to figures of arithmetic.
The quantity produced in the last year of which
I have knowledge was 135,000 pounds, and
upon that it was alleged that Mr. Wharton
conld not live, so that his works have been
closed for six months. Now, my amendment
is to increase that bounty so as to double it.
I think that is sufficient, and I am the more
confirmed in that judgment when I know that
the Government is the main purchaser of this
article. The bounty at 15 per cent, is about
$20,000; the proposition of the committee
proposes to make it $52,000, and by my prop-
osition it will be $40,000. I think we ought
not to raise this duty so high as to prohibit
entirely importation. The importation in 1868,
which my colleague [Mr. Kelley] tells us is
the last year we have any record of, was only
about ,100,000 pounds; I think he said 108,000
pounds.
Mr. KELLEY. One hundred and eighteen
thousand pounds; and I know that in 14569 the
afnoijnt was larger.
Mr. RANDALL.. I think Mr. Wharton,
who is a very upright and honorable man,
ougty to be satisfied if we double the duty.
The amendment to the amendment, to make
the duty 20 cents a pound, was disagreed to.
The question Was then taken on Mr. Ran-
dall's amendment, to pat the duty at 30 cents
a pound; and there were—-ayes 39, noes 70;
no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Rand am* and
Mr. Kblley were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 36, no® 79.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr COX. I move that the committee do
no* pise.
