1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5273
The bill, in the judgment of the present
occupant of the chair, does not come within
the terms of that portion of the thirtieth rule.
The bill was not referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and therefore the amendment
of the Senator from North Carolina could not
be referred to that committee. The bill stands,
in the judgment of the Chair, just as any other
special appropriation bill does, and open to
amendment upon the motion of any Senator,
without giving previous notice.
Mr. ABBOTT. Do I understand the Chair
to say that this amendment is not in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
considers the amendment of the Senator from
North Carolina to be iu order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise for the purpose  
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask for the construc-
tion of the Chair 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Ohio yield to the Senator from
Michigan ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 ask the Chair to give
his construction upon the first part of the thir-
tieth rule. The Chair read a part of the rule
to which I did not allude. It is the first part
of the rule upon which I ask the decision of
the Chair. Will the Chair read the first part
of the thirtieth rule and then give a decision
upon it ? I will read it myself:
_ "No amendment proposing additional appropria-
tions shall be received to any general appropriation
bill, unless it bo made to carry out the provisions of
s^oie existing law, or some act or resolution pre-
viously passed by the Senate during that session, or
moved by direction of astanding comraittceor select
committee of the Senate, or in pursuance of an esti-
mate of the head of some of the Departments."
It is upon that clause that I make the point
of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is of the opinion that this is not a general
appropriation bill within the meaning of the
thirtieth rule.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It has always been held
not to be a general appropriation bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. I shall have to appeal
from the decision of the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will not require the Senator from Michigan to
appeal from his decision. The Chair will sub-
mit the question for the decision of the Senate
without an appeal, and will be very happy
indeed to be corrected in his ruling, as all
the Senators know that he is inexperienced in
this position.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope my friend from
Michigan will not insist on this point. During
the four years that I have been here this ques-
tion has from time to time been suggested, and
it has been held uniformly, iu accordance with
the opinion that the Chair has stated, that the
thirtieth rule does not apply to an appropria-
tion bill for rivers and harbors, which goes to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is undoubtedly so.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is the fact. I am
sorry that it is so. It ought to apply in the
same way. We ought not to increase these
appropriations without some defiuile data and
investigation, I agree; but we have always acted
upon the other principle as it respects order,
and therefore I hope my friend fiom Michigan
will not insist on putting the Senate to the
trouble of voting on this question. The rule
does not touch it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the Senator from
Vermont is entirely correct. Since I have
been in the Senate a river and harbor bill 
Mr. CHANDLER. With the permission of
the Senator, I withdraw the appeal.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 wish now to state the
reason why I shall vote against the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from North
Carolina, and also why I shall not offer an
amendment to this bill, although instructed to
do so by the Legislature of the State of Ohio.
The Legislature of that State have instructed
tne Senators of that State to endeavor to get
an appropriation sufficient to complete the
Louisville canal. We did at an early period
of the session endeavor to carry that resolu-
tion into effect by an amendment to a general
appropriation bill, appropriating $450,000 to
the completion of the Louisville canal. I am
satisfied that at this period of the session the
amount appropriated by this bill, $250,000, if
supported by an appropriation next year, before
the 1st of April, of $200,000, will complete the
Louisville canal, and will thus secure the com-
pletion of the work.
MORTON. Not complete it.
Mr. SHERMAN. This will not complete
it; but if it is supported next winter by an
appropriation of $200,000 more it will com-
plete the cutting out of the channel, and the
making of a firm bank, and will make it navi-
gable.
I have consulted with the Senators from Ken-
tucky and Indiana and other States interested,
as far as I could, and they think, on the whole,
we had better not endeavor to amend this ap-
propriation of $250,000, although it is not suf-
ficient to complete the work; and I do it upon
the ground that this bill is based upon estimates
furnished by the engineer department, critic-
ally examined by the committee of the House
of Representatives, and now critically exam-
ined by the Senate committee, without any
change; and the friends of the bill had better,
unless there are some special reasons for the
contrary course, adhere to the bill as it stands.
Upon the statement made by ihe Senator
from South Carolina, that an appropriation of
§7,000 was required to commence a new work
to aid the navigation of the harbor at Charles-
ton, and that an estimate had been furnished
by the chief engineer, I voted for his amend-
ment. But the amendment now proposed as
to Cape Fear river does not come within any
rule that can be proposed in the Senate. For
instance, there is no estimate from the Depart-
ment. It is an insufficient appropriation, and
admitted to be so.
Mr. ABBOTT. It is sufficient for the pur-
pose we propose. We propose to dredge it.
Hr. SHERMAN. I know that; but it seems,
on the statement of the honorable Senator
himself, that the engineer department does not
propose to have any trifling improvements
made at that river, and that the whole im-
provement, according to their plan, will cost
$1,700,000, as I understand him. Now, it is
manifestly unwise for ua to amend the bill in
this way on the mere motion of Senators. It
is true that the Senator is interested in the
matter in behalf of his constituents, and there-
fore feels a deep interest in it; but although
he may make a plausible showing of necessity,
it would not be wise for us to appropriate these
large sums of money unless it is to carry out
a plan made iu pursuance of the recommenda-
tion of the engineer department.
The Senator says there is a great deal of red
tape about that department. So there is ; but
it is necessary to have a good deal of red tape
about those departments that provide for the
appropriation of large sums of money. The
engineer department above ail other depart-
ments of tins Government is probably thefree-
est from ail prejudice of a local character or a
sectional character. It is composed of officers
of the Army from all parts of the country. If
we cannot follow the advice of the engineer
corps of the Army we cannot follow the advice
of any of the executive officers.
It seems to me, under these circumstances,
my honorable friend had better leave the clause
stand which requires a survey of Cape Fear
river—a reexamination of the whole question,
which will necessarily bring before us next year
the question of the properimprovement of that
river.
Therefore I feel bound to say that I shall
vote against all amendments to this bill and
vote for the bill as it stands, ana will not offer
any amendments myself, although it does not
meet my views nor the interests of my con-
stituentsnorthe instructions of my Legislature.
I shall vote against all amendments unless they
are brought within the reasonable rule which
applies to other appropriations, unless they are
founded upon an estimate made by the proper
head of&n Executive Department, in pursuance
of a plan which hasbeen previously agreed upon
to carry into execution some general plan of that
kind. Otherwise, if we yield now to the strong
desire of the Senator from North Carolina we
shall have to yield to other Senators. I should
feel bound myself to act upon the instructions of
the Legislature of Ohio and propose an increase
of the appropriation for the Louisville canal.
I know that would create a, long debate. Them
are other amendments which will be pressed
by other Senators. It seerqs to me that the
quickest and surest way of getting through this
bill is to pass it as it is substantially, unless
amendments are offered which come within the
reason of the rule, and with the hope that next
winter we may Supply the hiatus or deficiency
in this bill.
I will state that all the Senators who repre-
sentee section of the country interested in the
Louisville canal agree with me that this is the
best course to pursue in regard to this matter.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The remark made by the
Senator from North Carolina, that he had been
constantly making a.n effort to aid in the im-
provement of this river, but that in conse-
quence of the unwillingness of the department
to change their plan he has not been success-
ful, ought to receive consideration from the
body; and also the other statement, that in con-
sequence of these obstructions accumulating
from year to year the rates of freight have
increased about thirty per cent, over the rates
from other competing ports. That being the
case, it seems to me to be worthy of consider-
ation, coming as it does from the merchants
who are forced to pay these higher discriminat-
ing rates and who suffer to that extent in their
business. In my judgment, basing it upon con-
siderations due to the knowledge of the fill-
ing up by sand simply, and its being obviated
for the time by a dredging-machine stirring up
the sand and getting rid of the bar, this prop-
osition needs no estimate from the engineer
department.
Sir, these southern ports have been left
neglected for ten years. They and the indus-
tries coming through them are contributing
vastly to the resources of the country ; and at
this time, when their development is required
beyond that of any other portion of the coun-
try, I think the judgment of the constituents
of the Senator from North Carolina, speaking
through him, is worthy of more consideration
than any estimate of the engineer department,
and I shall accord to his proposition my vote
in favor of it. I trust that tho Senate will
reflect before they will cast it aside from any
want of compliance with technicalities, and
that they will give to the State of North Car-
olina facilities through which she shall stand
as well as the State of South Carolina, and
that her productions shall not suffer by this tax
from this impediment. I shall vote with great
cheerfulness for the proposition of the Senator
from North Carolina.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the adoption of the amendment
offered by the Senator from North Carolina.
Mr. ABBOTT. I call for the yeas and nays
upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. As we are to vote on thi3
amendment on the yeas and nays, I desire to
say that I cannot vote against a proposition of
this kind without regret. I am naturally and
instinctively in favor of all these propositions,
and I desire to secure just as much as I can.
I should like, therefore, to sustain the amend-
ment of the Senator from North Carolina, and
also other amendments that may be moved on
