8386
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
llr. SCHENCK. Let the next paragraph
be read, and then I will move to rise.
Mr. COX. Gentlemen desire to offer fur
thev amendments to this paragraph.
The motion whs agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Cessna
having taken the chair as the Speaker pro
femjH>rt, Mr. Wheeler reported that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had under consider-
ation the state of the Union generally, and
particularly the bill (H. R. No. 1068) to amend
existing laws relating to the duty on imports,
and for other purposes, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
leaves OF ABSENCE.
Mr. WOOD obtained leave of absence for
one day.
Mr. SVYANN obtained leave of absence for
one day.
Mr. McNEELY obtained leave of absence
for to-morrow.
printing of a paper.
Mr. WELKER aaked unanimous consent
that the printing of the letter of the Secretary
of War in response to the resolution of the
House of the '28th March, 1870, giving the
number of private buildings used by the War
Department, be dispensed with.
There waa no objection; and it was so
ordered.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. BECK, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers of
Warfield & Co., of Lexington, Kentucky.
Ou motion of Mr. LAFLIN, by unanimous
cousent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the petition  nd
papers relating to the claim of George J.
Knight for compensation for the loss of the
schooner Experiment during the war of 1812.
annexation of dominica. (
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
unanimous consent to introduce a joint reso- j
lution in relation to the republic of Dominica.
[Laughter.] !
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Monsieur
Tonson, encore! I object. [Laughter.]
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 move that the House
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the House (at
ten o'clock and five minutes p. m.) adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Tbe following petitions, <fcc., were presented
nnder the rale, and referred to the appropriate :
committees: |
By Mr. BOWEN : The petition of William ;
Grant, asking compensation for services ren- i
dered the United States Government at 1
Charleston, South Carolina, during the early
part of 1863. i
By Mr. CHURCHILL: A bill to establish !
a post road from Lamsons, Onondaga county, j
by the way of Phoenix, to Pennellville, Oswego ;
connty, New York. !
By Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas: A petition '
of citizens of Wabaunsee county, Kansas, pray j
ing for the abolition of the tax on tea and !
coffee.
Also, proceedings of a public meeting of
citizens of Montgomery county, Kansas, with
resolutions and a memorial to Congress, pray-
ing for the removal of the Indians from the
Osage diminished reserve, and the opening of
the land to settlers.
By Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin: The claim of
Alexander Peter.
By Mr. DAVIS: A petition of merchants
and others, of Albion, New York, asking that
pig lead be admitted free of duty.
By Mr. FERRY: The petition of Mrs. Lois
A. Foster, of Grand Bapias, Michigan, praying
for payment to her, as sole heir, the amount
of withheld pension due to her father, Moses
W. Hunt, deceased.
By Mr. PORTER: The petition of S. S.
Jones and others, citizens of Richmond, Vir-
ginia, praying the passage of a law allowing
the importation of pig lead free of duty. j
Also, the petition of Dabney M. Miller, of
Richmond city, Virginia; of William E. Wade,
John A. Eacho, and Z. S. McGruder, of Hen-
rico connty, Virginia; of John H. Haskins,
of Amelia county, Virginia; of S. T. Hancock,
of Chesterfield county, Virginia; of John W. !
Nixon, of Loudon county, Virginia; and of
William E. Clopton, of New Kent county, Vir- :
ginia, praying tho removal of their legal and j
political disabilities imposed by the fourteenth j
article of amendments to the Constitution.
By Mr. REEVES : Petitions for repeal of
duty on pig lead from Orange Judd, Piatt W.
Lowerre, John F. Townsend, and 84 others,
citiaens of Flushing, Queens county, Long
Island; from William C. Powell, Isaac Amber-
man, Lewis H. Clower, and 46 others, citizens
of the town of Hempstead, Queens county,
Longlsland; from H. D.Remsen, John Ruland,
John Hewlett, and 40 others, citizens of the
town of North Hempstead, Queens county,
Long Island ; from John T. Gallup, D. 0.
Crawford, Madison W. Young, and 19 others,
citizens of Greenport, Suffolk county, Long
Island; and from H. & S. French, E. T.
Hedges, 0. B. Lucas, and 85 others, citizf is of
Sag Harbor, Suffolk county, Long Island
By Mr. SARGENT: A memorial of the
ship-builders and others of San Francisco,
praying for positive rank for naval constructors
in the Navy.
By Mr. SMYTH, of Iowa: The petition of
R. W. H. Brent and 77 others, citizens of
Muscatine, Iowa, asking that the duty on tea
and coffee be entirely abolished, and the duty
on sugar and molasses greatly reduced.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, May 12, 1870.
Prayer by Rev. Thomas M. Eddy, D. D.,%
of Baltimore, Maryland.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of yesterday.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move that the
further reading of the Journal be dispensed
with.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection, and the further reading of the
Journal is dispensed with.
* house bill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 1977) to supply a defi-
ciency in the appropriation for compensation
and mileage of members of the House of
Representatives and Delegates from Territo-
ries for the fiscal year ending June 30, in the
year 1870, was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
The bill (H. R. No. 1964) to change the
boundaries of the Stockton land district, in
the State of California, was read twice by its
title.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair un-
derstands that the Senators from California
desire this bill to lie on the table for the pres-
ent. It will lie on the table.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. HOWARD presented the petition of
Michael Greiner and others, citizens of Mich-
igan, praying for the abolition of the franking
privilege; which was ordered to lie on the
table-
He also presented the memorial of Bruckner
k Powell, and others, citizens of Michigan, re-
monstrating against the extension of John
Young's patent for washing and wringing ma-
chines ; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. FKNTON presented a memorial of citi-
zens of New York, remonstrating against the
extension of John Young's patent for washing
and wringing machines ; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
He also presented the petition of Georgf R,
Wilson, superintendent of machinery iu the
Washington navy-yard, praying remuneration
for the invention of what is called " Wilson's
gun-carriage ;" which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. LEWIS presented the petitions of Elbert
S. Fuller and J. P. Reid, of Carroll county, Vir-
ginia; of I. F. Bailey, of Jarratt's Depot, Vir-
ginia; of John M. Williams, of Smyth comity,
Virginia; of Benjamin Riddick, of Suffolk, Vir-
ginia; of John H. Estes, of Pittsylvania, Vir-
ginia, and of Edward C. Marshall, of Fauquier
county, Virginia, praying the removal of their
political disabilities; which were referred to the
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
Mr. McDONALD presented the petition of
N. B. Pearce, of Bentonsville, Benton county,
Arkansas, praying the removal of his political
| disabilities; which was referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. McCREERY presented the petition of
W. L. Goldsmith, of Atlanta, Georgia, pray-
ing the removal of his political disabilities;
which was referred to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. KELLOGG presented a memorial of
T. J. Burdeau, agent of the Mississippi Valley
Transportation Company, and others, masters
and owners of steamboats and other vessels
trading inland from the port of entry of New
Orleans, praying for such an amendment to
the second section of the act entitled " An act
( allowing the duties on foreign merchandise
imported into Pittsburg, Cincitvnati, Louisville,
Nashville, and Natchez to be received and
! paid at those places," passed 2d of March,
; 1831, as will allow the master, owner, or
ageut of the steamboat or vessel employed in
transporting imported goods, or the importer
: or consignee of such goods, or the lawful agent
of either the importer or consignee, to file and
certify the duplicate manifest of imported cargo,
in accordance with the terms of the law, with
, the collector of the portof New Orleans, within
' eighteen hours after thedeparture ofsuch steam-
boat or vessel; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. CONKL1NG presented additional pa-
pers, relating to the joint resolution (S. R. No.
192) in relation to the claims of Ward B. Bur-
nett ; which were referred to the Committee
on Claims.
amendments to appropriation bill.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to give notice that
when the general appropriation bill is again
taken up I shall offer an amendment, which I
send to the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be referred
to the Committee ou Appropriations, under the
rule.
Mr. RAMSEY submitted an amendment
intended to be offered to the bill (H. _R. No.
974) making appropriations for the legislative,
executive, ana judicial expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending the 30th of June,
1871; which was referred to the Committee
: on Appropriations.
arkansas hot springs,
j Mr. RICE submitted the following report:
| The committee of conference on the disagreeing
1 votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the
! House to the bill of the Senate (S. No. 95.) in relation
i to the Hot Springs reservation, in Arkansas, having
! met, after full and free conference have agreed, to
' recommend, and do recommend to their respective
Houses, 03 follows: ... k
That the Senate recede from its disagreement to
the amendment of tho House, and agree to the same
with thefollowingamendments: , „ .
Section one, strike out from the word fintv , ;P
tho seventh line, to the word " any ' in the eigntn
J'JVfter theword "final," in the seventh line, insert
Strike out all from the word " settle," in the eighth
line, to tho word " the" in th  ninth line.
