1408
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
► "
Also, of M. Foly and others, ef Humboldt
county, Iowa, for the same purpose.
By Sir. PORTER: Petitions of Isaac H.
Christian, Charles City county, Virginia; Wil-
liam li. Laws, George \V. Thomas, and Wil-
liam K. Cray, Richmond City, Virginia; Wil-
liam Slaughter, Spottsylvania county, Virginia;
E. P. Kucker, Campbell county, Virginia;
John H. Barlow, Ben., New Kent connty, Vir-
ginia; E. C. Moseby, Powhatan county, Vir-
ginia ; W. W. Bell, Scott county, Virginia, and
William Chapman, Augusta county, Virginia,
praying for the removal of disabilities under
the fourteenth amendment.
Also, petitions of John Bucher & Co., citi-
zens of Richmond, Virginia, and William A.
Mehegaa and others, citizens of the cities of
Norfolk and Portsmouth, Virginia, praying for
the restoration of tariff rates on imported
cigars, &c.
Also, petitions of J. J. King and others,
citizens of Virginia, and A. B. Lizzard and
others, citizens of Virginia, to abolish the
franking privilege.
By Mr. SCHENCK: A memorial of the
D isti 1 lers' Association of Peoria, Illinois, pray-
ing for revision of the laws and system govern-
ing the export of distilled spirits, and express-
ing the belief that the laws and system ure
cumbersome, and do injury to American com-
merce, industry, and shipping interests.
Also, a petition of importers and dealers of
New York in musical merchandise, praying
Congress to reduce the duties on certain im-
portations affecting their interests. j
withdrawal of i'apurh.
The following notice for leave to withdraw
papers was given under the rule:
By Mr. O'NEILL: Theiiapers, 4c., in the
ease of the Mount Vernon Manufacturing Com-
pany.
IN SENATE,
Wednesday, February 28, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, 1). P.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
The VICE PRESIDENT resumed the chair.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. FENTON presented the petition of
Moses B. Bramhall, praying payment for cotton
seized by the Uuiteu States Army, and sold by
order of the Governmeut; which wps referred
to the Committee on Claims. _
He also presented the petition of the National
Board of Trade, suggesting a remedy for the
present scarcity of American seamen, aad ask-
ing Congress to enact a marine apprentice law
by which the merchant service may be supplied
with competent sailors ; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. POMEROY. I have the honor to pre-
sent n petition, signod by Mr. and Mrs. Dr. Roe
and sixty others, citizens of Illinois, request-
ing that thcro may be equal suffrage granted,
either by au act ot Congress or by au amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States,
without respect to either sex or nationality. I
move its reference to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I also present another
petition of the same import from citizens of
California, headed by Miss Frances M. Hart
and others, suggesting that there are inequal-
ities which should be rectified either by an act
of Congress or by an amendment of the Con-
stitution of the United States. I move iu
reference to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I offer a petition of Mrs.
Paulina M. Davis, Mils Rhoda A. Fairbanks,
and five hundred and thirty-four others, ask-
ing that in any amendment to the Constitution
to extend or regulate suffrage there shall be
no distinction made between men and women.
I move its reference to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY presented ninety-two peti-
tions from citizens of the State of Minnesota
and other States of the West, praying for the
abolitiou of the franking privilege; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. COLE presented a joint resolution of
the Legislature of California, asking for the
establishment of certain post roads in that
State; which was referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. COLE. I present also a memorial of
the Chamber of Commerce of San Francisco,
asking for an appropriation of a sufficient sum
of money to erect buildings for the accommoda-
tion of Lnited States officers in San Francisco
upon the vacant portion of the custom-house
block. They set forth that the rents paid by
the United States are some $70,000 a year, and
they represent that it would be a matter of
| economy for the Government to comply with
the prayer of this petition and erect a building
of suitable dimensions on that lot. I move that
this memorial be referred to the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLE also presented the memorial of
the committee of the warrant officers of the
United States Navy, asking further action of
Congress relative to assimilated rack in the
Navy; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. WILSON. I present a petition from
soldiers of the Soldiers' Home, praying that
an act receutly passed by Congress may be so
modified as to allow Colonel Lee to continue
at the head of that institution. I move its
reference to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I present a
petition of citizens of Brighton, Essex county,
Vermont, praying for the abolition ofthe frank-
ing privilege, stating " that tho abuses and
i frauds incident thereto have assumed such
enormous proportions that its total abolition
has become a necessity." I move that it lio
on the table.
Tho motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAMILTON presented a petition of
citizens of Maryland, praying the abolition of
the franking privilege; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. McDONALD presented the petition
of Joseph M. Inge, of Arkansas, graying for
the removal of his political disabilities; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. SPENCER presented the petition of
Thomas A. Cook, Talladega, Talladega county,
Alabama, praying the restoration to him of
certain property sold by the United States for
direct taxes ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Alabama, praying for the abolition ofthe frank-
ing privilege; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Washington city, District of Columbis,
praying the passage of an act to incorporate
the Washington Hospital for Foundlings; which
was referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
He also presented the petition of Harriet
W. Pond, praying to be remunerated for money
expended and services rendered by her during
the late war in taking care of sick aad wounded
soldiers; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
message from the 110c8b.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Cuxtox Lloyd, iu Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed a bill
(H. R. No. <">!') to extend the provisions of the
homestead act to ihe orphan children ot'd
ceased soldiers who are under the age of twenty-
one years, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had concurred in the report of the committee
of conference ou the disagreeing votes ot' ti.-
two Houses on the bill (H. It. No. 10971 making
appropriations to supply deficiencies iu dis-
appropriations for the naval service i'or Li.-
year ending June 30, 1870, and for other pur-
poses.
The message also announced that the Houa -•
had passed the bill (S. No. 436) to relieve cer-
tain persons therein named from the legal aud
political disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States, and for other purposes, with an amend-
ment, in which it requested the concurrence ot
the Senate.
K.VUOLLED BILLS! SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills and joint resolutions: and they were there-
upon signed by the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 1007) making appropria-
tions to supply deficiencies in the appropria' ions
for the naval service for the year ending June
30, 1870, and for other purposes ;
A bill (U. R. No. Xit'A) making appropri-
ations to defray the expenses of witnesses in
an investigation by the Military Committee in
reference to the sale of cadetships ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 34) to sell or
exchange the site of the custom-house in the
city of Nashville, Tennessee, that a more suit-
able location may be obtained ; and
A joint resolution (H. U. No. 133) for the
refunding of hospital money collected of the
whaling bark Hamiltou.
REPORTS or COMMITTEE*
Mr. RAMSEY. Yesterday the Senator from
California [Mr. Cassebly] presented curtain
resolutions of the Legislature of that State,
asking for mail service upon routes already
established, and for the establishment of post
ofticcs. The latter matter comes entirely withiu
the jurisdiction of the executive department.
The resolutions were referred to the Commit-
tee on Post Offices and Post lioads. I propose
now to report them from that committee, and
ask that they be referred to the Postmaster
General, to whom they properly belong.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It. will be
ordered.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
Reuben Goodrich, receiver of public moneys
at Traverse City, Michigan, praying to be
reimbursed for money paid bv nim to Morgan
Bates, formerly register of the land office at
Traverse City, Michigan, reported adversely
thereon, and asked that the committee be dis-
charged from its further consideration; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Clinton G. Stees,
raring to bo reimbursed for expenses incurred
y him in recruiting two volunteer regiments
under the President s proclamation, during the
late rebellion, reported adversely thereon, and
asked to he discharged from its further consid-
eration ; which was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on Ter-
ritories, to whom was referred the bill (S. No
576) to establish a territorial government for
the territory of Alaska, reported it with amend-
ments.
Mr. PRATT. The Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the petition of George W.
Tarleton, praying for the restoration of certain
moneys which he alleges were confiscated an i
are now in tho Treasury of the United S«at* .
have had the same under consideration, and
directed me to report adversely. The claim
is an important one, aad I move that the report
beprinted.
The motion was agreed to.
e
