186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
tyranny and oppression, and now is as good a
time as ray to commence.
It has been truly said that " no large national
war debt was ever paid or discharged except
by repudiation." The greatbody of the bond-
holders to-day really do not desire to see the
national debt paid, butthey are anxioustohave
it made- perpetual; they want a secure place
to invest their wealth, and they want the laws
so made.as to mortgage the present and all
succeeding generations, our children and our
children's children; mortgage theirlands, their
labor, their toil, their sweat, their flesh and
blood to the payment of the claims of a puffed-
up and insolent aristocracy—an aristocracy of
wealth, ill-gotten wealth at that. Will the
American people submit to this? If so. how
long can they bear the burden? For one, so
far as the debt represented by the bonds of the
United States alluded to by Secretary Boutwell
in his last report is concerned—I mean the
bondsrepresen ted by the terms "five-twenties,"
" seven-thirties," "ten-forties," &c.—I am in
favor of repudiation.
It is not to be supposed that history furnishes
no parallels or examples. I beg to call gen-
tlemen's attention to a few facts in this con-
nection before giving my reasons for favoring
this course of policy toward a portion of the
creditors of our Government, before giving
some reasons for the faith that is in me that
repudiation is right and is the only course by
which the people can save their liberties and
preserve their country and a free Government.
One of the Grecian States, Lacedajmon,
squarely repudiated all its obligations, public
and private, soon after Lycurgus returned from
Crete and the Ionian Isles. On page 25 of
Hallam's Constitutional History of England,
and also in Burnett on the same subject, we
find that during the reign of Henry VIII
the Parliament "freely, liberally, and abso-
lutely granted him all and every sum or sums
of money which were due by him on any and
every promise, bond, or obligation of every
kind and nature whatsoever." Hallam quotes
Burnett, and says:
"This act gave grreat. offense, for some had made
wills embracing these bonds, others had pledged
them for their debts; but there was no remedy."
The same author tells us that about twenty
years afterward Parliament passed an act of a
most extraordinary character, which provided
that the king, or as we would probably say
the Government, should be discharged from
all debts contracted by loan or otherwise sub-
sequent to a given date; and that if he had
already paid any of those debts "the party or
his heirs should repay his Majesty.'! (Hallam,
page 25.) When Charles II closed the ex-
chequer of England he repudiated the public
debts to the amount of $14,000,000, which in
those days was quite a large sum. Allow me
to remark in passing that outof this originated
the present enormous debt of Great Britain;
for subsequently the matter was compromised,
and the Government recognized the sum of
about three million three hundred and twenty
thousand dollars—in English money it was
.£664,226. As before remarked, this trifling
was the origin of England's debt to-day.
Ihe debt was not started by repudiation, but
by compromise, by funding, by a sharp busi-
ness arrangement such as is now proposed
here. ^ That Government, as well as nearly if
not quite every European nation, has repudi-
ated by depreciating their currency. Our own
saver coin is not so pure as was the old "Span-
ish milled dollar.'' TheHapsburgs of Austria
never kept any promise, whether made in re-
gard to money or anything else. In America
Massachusetts was the first of the old Colonies
to lead off in repudiation, to repudiate her
public debt; now her citizens are most clam-
orous for the payment in gold of the bonded
debt because they possess a very large pro-
portion of those bonds. In the year 1749, one
hundred and twenty years ago, she paid off
her public debt with twelve cents on the hun-
dred. Her public debt was £2,200,000, or
about eleven million dollars; yet she com-
pelled her creditors to receive less than one
eighth that sum in full satisfaction of the
debt for which "the faith of the Colony was
pledged." (See Gouge, quoted by Moran,
page 84.)
About the year 1790, or not long after the
revolutionary war, the State of Virginia " re-
tired,' ' her paper-money issues by funding them
at the rate of one dollar for each thousand.
(Hildreth, 2d series, vol. l, page 171.) Prom
Blackwood's Magazine of December, 1849, an
English work, we learn that about the year 1824
there had been immense sums of money in-
vested in what were called foreign loans : sev-
eral Spanish-American loans; loans to the Cen-
tral American Governments, loans to Spain,
Greece, and Portugal; all of which Govern-
ments repudiated, the last three particularly so.
Franee has repudiated many times. Brisson
mentions five national bankruptcies in that
country, which are alluded to in the Bankers'
Magazine for February, 1847. There have been
some fourteen of them. The issue of assignats,
which were anational paper currency,amounted
at one time during the French revolution to
oyer forty-five thousand million francs, orabout
nine thousand million dollars ; yetthey became
as low in value as one half of one per cent, of
their nominal value, and_ finally totally worth-
less. A small portion of them were redeemed
with what were called " mandats " at the rate
of thirty-eight to one. These were also a na-
tional currency, and they also were repudiated.
But when in December last the honorable
gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Broomall)
introduced his resolution "against every form
and degree of repudiation," and while it was
under discussion, some champion of the bond-
holders on this floor made the broad assertion
that this Government never had repudiated its
obligations or refused to pay them in full, and
never would. The history of the past con-
tradicts his assertion, and the action of the
future will contradict his prophecy. To show
how little the honorable gentleman knew about
the subject it is only necessary to mention a
lew instances in the history of this country.
Allow me to quote from the pen of a vigorous
writer on this subject, Isaac Butts, esq., of
Rochester, New York, who has published a
pamphlet iu favor of repudiation which displays
great ability and research. He says: "Never
perhaps was the public faith more solemnly
pledged to public creditors than in the case of
our old 'continental money;' and certainly no
obligation was ever more effectually repudiated.
When that ' money' showed signs of deprecia-
tion it was rumored that it would be allowed
to die in the hands of the holders. But Con-
gress denounced such rumors as 'false' and
derogatory to the honor of Congress.' " (See
Hildreth, first series, vol. 3, page 205.) The
same body declared that this "money" should
be redeemed, dollar for dollar: and that the
liberties of the people would be cheaply bought
at that price. Congress passed legal-tender
acts, penal laws, and laws limiting prices, but
all,to no purpose. As early as 1782-83 "all
hands" agreed thatitshouldnotbepaid. Before
the close of the war Congress itself proposed
to repudiate ninety-nine dollars of every hun-
dred by "funding" the "money" at the rate of
one hundred to one. (See Benton's History of
Congress, vol. 2, page 1586.)
But nothing of the kind was ever accom-
plished. The depreciation went on until it
reached one thousand for one, and then it
dropped out of circulation altogether. It was
still the occasional subject of consideration by
Congress up to the close of the war. But in a
schedule of the public debt ofthe United States
prepared by the "grand committee" of Con-
gress in April, 1788, the item of continental
money is not even mentioned, so effectually
had its repudiation become a fact accomplished
in the estimation of that committee. Yet the
issues of continental money were estimated
by Alexander Hamilton at $857,470,541, (see
Moran's Money, page 88,) while the public
debt recognized by the "grand committee"
amounted to but $35,500,375. (See Madison
Papers, volume 1, page 434.) " Now, itcan-
not be denied," says the same writer, "that
the public faith was as sacredly and solemnly
pledged to the payment of the continental money
as it is to the payment of our present public
debt." Nor will any American affirm that in
respect to moral obligation on the part of the
people, individually, the holders of the conti-
nental money had not a claim quite as strong
as the holders of our public debt have now.
But notwithstanding the proceeds of the conti-
nental money "bought our liberties" for us,
that debt was effectually and finally repudiated
by the generation, and, to some extent, by the
very public men who contracted it.
_ I have in my possession one of those old con-
tinental notes which I presented to General
Spinner, the Treasurer of the United States,
and also to Mr. McCulloch, when Secretary of
the Treasury, for redemption ; both of these
gentlemen informed me in a very pleasant
manner that there was an act of Congress for-
bidding the redemption of that kind of paper.
That act was repudiation. But the repudiation
of the continental currency did not retard the
growth of this country; nor did any of the re-
pudiations mentioned do serious injury to the
prosperity of the nations and countries so re-
pudiating. _ These repudiations affected a few
of the citizens of those countries ; perhaps
one in fifty thousand, just as repudiation here .
would; but they relieved the masses of the peo-
ple of the burdens of taxation, which were in
every instance crushing the life out of them;
they knocked the fetters from their wrists and
bade them hope : for the effect was that they
might be freemen, not slaves, and enjoy the
fruits and rewards of their own toil and energy.
They gave pew life and buoyancy to the nations
and countries. There will be some bondholders
and bankers, men who have not gained their
wealthy by industry and honesty in most cases,
who will be cut off somewhat in their surplus
wealth by repudiation. Phlebotomy and cathar-
tics sometimes are very beneficial to surcharged
systems; repudiation would have the same
effect on the purses of some individuals, and
might even be of personal benefit both here and
hereafter, for the Lord hates the haughty spirit,
and they would doubtless become more humble.
The nation's pulse would beat livelier, labor
would breathe more freely, and the national
health would he greatly improved if the burden
of 8146,000,000 of gold interest annually was
taken off, and then as much more which goes
to the officers who collect it ; §392,000,000 in
gold is a heavy load.
_ But I am in favor of repudiating the bonds
issued for this debt because they were in nine
cases out of ten dishonestly obtained: got
through fraudulent contracts, shoddy ' con-
tracts, &c; because they were mostly bought
for from thirty-five to fifty cents on the dollar,
and were bought by capitalists at this reduced
rate by a systematized and unpatriotic course
of what I denominate swindling. The capital-
ists of the country did not advance a dollar to
the Government until it was at its last extrem-
ity. Permit me to repeat words spoken by
me on this floor in January last:
"Government struggling for its life; Wall-street
jrokers looking calmly on as it is (jetting weaker
iiom Joss oi blood and the enormous drain upon its
energies. Wall-street broker says to Uncle Sam:
i will let you have ^400,000 on one or two trifling
oomutions.' Uncle Sam wishes to ascertain thecon-
ditions when he is coolly informed fhatMr.Bro-
^VCi lTOV"Grnmer)t bonds to the amount of
*1,000,000 iur his ->100,000; must have six per cent.
I7c«vvw™in Payable ^emi-annually, on tho
H iM ' ,1UUS£.be exempt from the payment
ot all local and municipal taxes, and then the notes
may do pavable in from five to twenty years, (tov-
ernment must have money or die, and is forced to
accept the >wmdlhijf proposition. Jelt'. Davis & Co.,
looking on. say: "A Government forced tothatcon-
 iirion, forced r<> accent such terms, cannot stand
lor}?. j,et u.« hojje. Her capitalists a're doing more
co nreai; their Uovemment down than the confed-
erate force* f;ni do by ii^htinA-.
