4330
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
sue there, or a man with one arm or one leg.
If you open it at all, you must open it to all.
The law of 1862 and the proclamation of Mr.
Lincoln and the law of 1863 all provide that
men who have complied with the terms of
amnesty shall be entitled to relief in the court.
The Senate's amendment actually does away
with all these, and says that a pardon shall not
only be prima facie, but conclusive evidence
against the party who holds it. That seems to
me to be too monstrous a proposition to receive
any sort of consideration in this House.
Let me suppose a case which might arise,
though it is an extreme one. Suppose a man
thoroughly loyal left his home in the South and
came to Washington to avoid all connection
with the rebellion, and was employed by Gen-
eral Grant to go within the southern lines and
obtain information for him—a Federal spy, if
you please. lie was captured there by the
Federal Army, apparently guilty, but not act-
ually so ; he was put in prison, and was obliged
to sue for pardon and take the oath in order to
get out, being unable to reach the general under
whose orders he was acting or obtain the proof
of the facts. He is now able to produce the
written order under which he was acting, and
also the proof of the commanding general, and
yet the fact of his taking the oath and accept-
ing a pardon is to be conclusive proof against
him. I assert that the amendment not only
violates the faith of Congress, but may work
the greatest injustice. I am opposed to the
whole amendment, but especially to that of
the Senate, for the reasons indicated, and many
others I could give if time would permit.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ROGERS. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
say a word or two only. 1 was quite astonished
in looking over the amendments of the Senate
to find this provision. I did not believe that
there was a man in the broad realm of our
country that would introduce, in the face of
the history of the country, such a proposition
into the Congress of the United States.
You put yourselves in this position now, or
the Government puts itself in this position.
When in the dark and stormy days of the re-
bellion you scarcely knew whether the Govern-
ment was to stand or fall, in order to make
friends, in order to strengthen yourselves, you
issued a proclamation to the people of the
country and told them that if they would come
in and join your standard they should then have
a broad and general amnesty, and be restored
to all their former rights. And some men be-
lieving the faith of the Government would be
carried out, that the power of the Government
would be exerted to preserve their rights—it
may have been that in the first instance they
did not intend to go into the rebellion—came
up to the provost marshal and claimed the pro-
tection which the President in his proclamation
said they should have if they would do certain
things. Now, when a man has done that and"
taken the oath to support this Government, I
hold that the Government is bound to regard
him as in every respect a citizen, and entitled
to all the rights that you have, Mr. Speaker, or
any member upon this floor has as a citizen of
the United States.
Now, it is proposed that the Government
shall go back on its honor and plighted faith,
and that it shall violate the safe-conduct, as it
were, with which these men came into its lines.
I am astonished that such a proposition should
be brought forward in this House in face of
this Christian and enlightened age. My under-
standing, and the understanding of thosemen,
was that they were to have a full and free par-
don, that the Government was not trifling with
them, that it was in earnest and would guar-
anty to them all the rights possessed by all
the other citizens of the country. But now,
when you have got them in your power, when
you have got them to make this confession, it
is proposed to take it and convict them and
make them stand before the country as crim-
inals. Sir, this is monstrous. I am willing to
stand by any agreement made by the Govern-
ment with any individual; if the contract is a
bad one I will stand by it.
I hope this amendment of the Senate will be
voted down, and that some provision will be
incorporated in here which will be sanctioned
by justice, right, and common sense.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment reported by the Committee on Appropri-
ations to the amendment of the Senate, and it
was agreed to.
The amendment as amended was then con-
curred in.
Mr. DAWES. I understand j that the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Holhan] withdraws
his objection to my proposition that all the
recommendations of the Committee on Appro-
priations in regard to the amendments of the
Senate be adopted without any further vote or
action by the House, except when a separate
vote on some particular amendment is asked
for by some member.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will withdraw my objec-
tion, and will indicate some amendments upon
which I wish separate votes taken.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman will pardon
me, I will first ask for a separate vote on the
amendment of the Senate in regard to the com-
pensation of female clerks.
The amendment of the Senate was to insert
the following as a new section:
Sf:c.—. And be it further cnacted. That the com-
pensation of thefcmale clerks, copyists, and counters
employed in the several Departments and bureaus,
whoso appointments :u'e made by the several heads
of Departments under the provisions of Jaw, shall,
from and after the 3Uth day ol June, 1870, bo the
same as male clerks performing tho like or similar
services: and it shall be the duty of the several
heads of Departments so to classify said female
employes us to carry out the provisions of this sec-
tion; and the amount necessary to pay the increased
compensation heroin provided for for the year end-
ing June 30,1871, is hereby appropriated out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
And the heads of the several Departments are hereby
authorized to appoint female clerks who may be
found to be competent and worthy to any of the
grades of clerkships known to the law in the respect-
ive Departments, with the compensation belonging
to the class to which they may bo appointed; but tho
number of second, third, or fourth class clerks shall
not be increased by this section.
Mr. DAWES. The Committee on Appro-
priations recommend that the Senate amend-
ment be'concurred in, with an amendment to
strike out all after the enacting clause and
insert the following:
That hereafter, in the appointment and employ-
ment of clerks, copyists, and counters, or other em-
ployes in the several Departments of the Govern-
ment, thereshall be no discrimination between males
and females; and it shall be lawful to appoint and
employ any competent and worthy persons in such
positions without regard to sex; but the number of
first, second, third, or fourth class clerks shall not be
increased by this section.
Mr. DAWES. I will state in a few words the
effect of these amendments. The amendment
of the Senate proposes to increase the pay of
the female employ6sin the Departments in the
positions they now occupy. The amendment
recommended by the Committee on Appropria-
tions of this House puts the female clerks or
employes on the same footing as other clerks or
employ6s. It opens the door to any female to
be appointed to any clerkship, if found compe-
tent to fill it, without increasing tho number.
Any head of a Department will be authorized
to appoint a female to any clerkship in his De-
partment with the full pay of that clerkship.
This is -done without adding one dollar to the
public expenditures, and I may say that, so far
as I can learn from the female clerks them-
selves, the amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations is more satisfactory than the
Senate amendment.
Mr. SARGENT. I would suggest to the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Sir. Dawes]
that, instead of enumerating the different
classes, the amendment should read, " but the
number of clerks shall not be increased by this
section."
Mr. DAWES. I have no objection to that
modification.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to ask the chairman of the Committee on Ap-
propriations [Mr. Dawes] if the amendment
reported from his committee proposes to in-
crease the pay of a single female, who is now
a clerk, counter, or employ^?
Mr. DAWES. It does not; it leaves them
in their present positions, at $900 a year; but
it opens any of these clerkships to such of
these females as in the opinion of the head
of the Department may be competent to dis-
charge the duties. In reference to the increase
of their salaries, I will say that they are now
paid $900a year; a larger salary than any female
in any of the States obtains for the highest
of the ordinary employments to which a female
is called. The amendment, however, opens
the highest grade of clerkship, with the highest
compensation in any of the Departments, to
any lady who is competent to discharge the
duties of such a position.
Mr. WILLARD. Is not that the law now?
Mr. DAWES. It is understood otherwise
by the heads of the Departments. The experi-
ment waa tried by putting one of the lady
superintendents into a position as first-class
clerk ; but she could not draw pay as a first-
class clerk, because the officers of the Treas-
ury Department were of opinion that it was
not in accordance with the law.
Mr. HOAR. This provision is an affirma-
tive enactment that there shall be no discrim-
ination ; it goes further than simply removing
any pretext for the position which the officers
of the Treasury seem to have taken on this
subject.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to oppose the
amendment recommended by the Committee
on Appropriations. That proposition, as it
strikes me, is nothing but a delusion. It will
amount to nothing. The Senate, by its amend-
ment, has undertaken to place employes in the
Departments upon afootingof equality without
regard to sex, a measure which ought to have
been adopted long ago. The Senate amend-
ment proposes that women, where they do the
same work as men, and do it equally well, shall
receive the same compensation. Theresultof
this proposition would be to give $1,200 a year
to a large number of female clerks who now get
but $900. The Committee on Appropriations
propose to strike out this amendment and
simply to open the door so that females may
be appointed to clerkships of the first, second,
third, or fourth class ; but at the same time it
is provided that the number embraced within
these classes shall not be increased.
Mr. DAWES. Does my friend from Illinois
propose to increase the number of all these
classes of clerkships—a measure which would
involve an additional expense of $400,000?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will tell the gen-
tleman what I propose. Whether it involves an
expenditure of $400,000, or twice that amount,
I propose that a woman doing just the same
work as a man shall receive just as much
money for her work—I do not care whether
the amount be billions or dimes.
The Committee on Appropriations propose
only that women may be admitted to these
different classes of clerkships ; but if we do not
allow the number of those classes to be in-
creased, how do we help the large number of
ladies who are now getting but $900 a year?
The door will bo as effectually barred against
them asithasbeen. If underrhis amendment
a woman should be appointed to a first:class
clerkship she might be placed beside another
woman doing the same kind of work at $900
a year. There would be no equality in that.
Now, sir, let us be just; let us commence
to do right. If we are paying men too muck
for doing work in the Departments, let the pay
of all the clerks in all the Departments be re-
duced. But let men and women be put upon
the same footing. Do not " whip the devil
round the stump'' by a delusive proposition
which purports to open the door of promotion
to women with reference to all classes of clerk-
