1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5275
ginia that tliey insert an amendment in tlielast
section of this bill requiring a survey of the
James river this year. They will get a report
from the engineer department by the 1st of
December, and then if the report requires it
they can get an appropriation. But {or Con-
gress to set the example of making appropria-
tions in the absence of these surveys I think
s a thing utterly impracticable.
Mr. LEWIS. Will the Senator from Indi-
ana allow me to state that rny colleague has just
said that these obstructions in the James river
are of stone and clay, and there is no obstruc-
tion there except a few sunken vessels thatdid
not exist when the former survey was made,
and therefore there is no necessity for a survey
now. We have asked but very little, and I
think the Senate should grant what little we do
ask.
Mr. MORTON. I think a recent survey-
would be more satisfactory to the Senate and
to the country, and as I do not believe that this
bill can successfully carry through several ap-
propriations of this kind, I suggest to the Sen-
ators from Virginia, as a matter of policy on
their part, instead now of asking for an appro-
priation, to ask for a survey. I will vote for
that.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is provided for
already in the bill.
Mr. MORTON. I am told that that is pro-
vided for in the bill. I am willing to vote for
that.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I have already stated
the character of the obstructions in the James
river. They are not sand-bars that shift from
time to time, but they are of rock and clay,
which are permanent and do not change. The
survey that was made ten years ago indicates
the character of the bar, and the character of
the bar is the same now that it was then. The
additional obstructions are those caused by
vessels sunk in the river during the war. There
has been no survey of those, but the expense
«f removing them cannot be very great.
I will say, in this connection, that before the
war the commerce of Richmond in one respect
was the largest of any city in the United States.
The flour made at Richmond was found by
actual experiment to stand the test of climate
better than any other. It could be carried
with impunity across the equator without sour-
ing, which scarcely any other flour made in
the United States could do. That fact caused
a very large trade to grow up between Rich-
mond and Brazil; Richmond sending flour
there, and receiving in return coffee. I lie
trade in those commodities was larger in that
city than in any other city in the United States.
That trade is now lost to (he city entirely.
She is unable to send her flour abroad, and
unable to get coffee in return, in consequence
of the obstruction of the fiver, and all the
enterprises in that city are suffering on that
account. I think no appropriation could be
more meritorious than this. -There is not the
least necessity for an additional survey. Ine
Senator from Indiana seems to think it neces-
sary that we should have a further survey.
The former survey answers the same purpose
that any survey now can. _
But, sir, at the suggestion of several Sen-
ators, I agree to accept the amendment ottered
by the Senator from South Carolina, to strike
out "two" and insert "one;" so as tj make
the appropriation $.100,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
aior from Virginia modifies his amendment by
reducing the appropriation to $100,000.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I can hardly suppose
that the Senate, after adopting the amendment
of the Senator from North Carolina, [Mr. Ab-
bott,] will refuse to adopt,^ this amendment.
Undoubtedly the reasons in favor of this amend-
ment are as strong, if not far stronger, than
those in favor of the amendment of the Senator
from North Carolina, I trust that the Senate
niil no; make a distinction between two south-
ern States, and appropriate money to the one
and not to the other.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Virginia, as modified; on which the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Boreman, Casserly. Davis,
Fowler. Harris, Johnston, Lewis, McCreery, Osborn,
Pool, Rice, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Stockton, Vickers,
and Warner—-17.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Carpenter,
Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Drake, J?enton, Gilbert,
Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Howard, Howe,
Howell. Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Patterson,
Pratt, Ramsey, Seott, Sherman, Sumner, Trumbull,
and Wilson—25. ,
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Brownlow,Buck-
ingham, Cattell, Corbett, Cragin, Edmunds. Ferry,
Flanagan, Hamilton of Maryland, Kellogg, McDon-
ald, Morrill of Maiue. Norton, Nye, Pomeroy, Rev-
els, Robertson, Ross, Sehurz. Spencer, Sprague, Stew-
art, Thayer, Xhurman, Tipton, Willey, vY illiams, and
Yates—30.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. VICKERS. I send to the Chair an
amendment to come in as an additional section.
The amendment was read, as follows:
And be it further enacted. That the sum of $42,900 be
paid out of any money in the Treasury not o therwise
appropriated, to be expended under me direction
of the Secretary of War, to the widening and deepen-
ing the ship-canal in the Patapsco river and Chesa-
peake bay, leading toward the harbor of Baltimore.
Mr. VICKERS. Mr. President, this work
has the advantage of a recommendation from
the Department. It will be found among the
estimates of appropriations. There is also a
special report from General J. H. Simpson, of
the engineer department. It was commenced
by the city of Baltimore, which expended a
considerable amount of money in order to con-
struct a ship-channel of about five miles in
length and about two hundred feet in breadth.
The State of Maryland generously came to the
aid of the city, and appropriated a consider-
able sum for the same purpose.^ As the work
was a very important one, the aid of the Gen-
eral Government was solicited; surveys and
estimates were completed, and an appropri-
ation made by that Government. It is now in
process of completion. The channel was made,
but it was found too narrow for ships under
sail. The buoys were washed away by the ice,
and sailing vessels it was ascertained could not
with safety enter the harbor through it. _ I will
remark that the channel lessens the distance
to the city about five miles. It is made through
hard oyster-beds; and General Simpson in his
report urges the widening of the channel to five
hundred feet, which work hasbeen commenced.
The machinery is now in good order and con-
dition, hands are employed, the work is in pro-
gress ; and he recommends an appropriation in
the whole for the completion of it of $107,000;
but inasmuch as that amount cannot be ex-
pended advantageously in one season, he pro-
poses that $42,900 be appropriated this year
for the continuance of this important enter-
prise. I have therefore inserted m this amend-
ment only the sum which has been recommended
by the engineer department.
I will remark that this is essential, as he
says, to the safety of vessels. They are liable
to be run upon the edges of the banks, and
consequently to serious injury and loss._ He
said, in a communication which I hold in my
hand:
"I will add that both the large steamships and
: sailing vessels at present seldom use the Craighill
channel lor fear of grounding on the oyster-banks on
either side of the channel: and in order to make the
channel perfectly sjfe and desirable it saouid unques-
tionably be widened to the extent stated, and with
tho least possible delay.
" In reply to your third query. I 'will state that the
above specified amount of 5542,000 will keep the pres-
ent machinery engaged during the wording seasons
till the 1st of July next year."
1 have another report from him sent by the
Secretary of War, in which, he speaks^ of the
money expended on this work} and lis import-
ance.
The following table will show the amount ot
datipR collected from customs at the port of
Baltimore from 1862 to 18G9.
Amount of duties collected at the port <■/ Baltimore,
from 1862 to I860,. inclusive.
186 2 81,941,529 51
186 3  1,919,229 99
186 4  2,167,120 05
186 5  2,983,202 33
1866  •«  4,665,064 85
186 7  5.798,820 85
186 8 ,  6,217,496 41
1S69   9,027,513 63
Total $34,719,977 12
This statement was furnished to me by the
collector of the port, who also spoke about the
necessity of the completion of this channel.
The receipts for two months of the current
year after this statement was prepared, indicate
that the amouut of revenue during the present,
will perhaps exceed the amount of duties col-
lected the last year.
The improvement is not properly subject to
either of the objections made by Senators either
for the want of a survey or an estimate, or of
a recommendation by the Department.
I will state that the amendment which I have
offered was not examined by the Committee on
Commerce. I endeavored to bring it before
that committee, but a majority concluded to
report the bill as it came from the House of
Representatives, without examination of any
other work or tho necessity of any other appro-.
priation. The Senator from Michigan, the
chairman of the committee, now says that he
thinks this bill a judicious appropriation of the
public money. No doubt the Senator thinks
so, because ho has eighteen appropriations for
bis own State, amounting to $343,000. Let
me give a statement of the amount appropri-
ated and the number of appropriations for
places provided for in the various States:
Wisconsin, nine 1207,000
Michigan, eighteen  343,000
Indiana, one  25,000
Ohio, five      386,000
Pennsylvania, two  35,000
New York, thirteen 515,000
Vermont, one  15,000
Minnesota, two  60,000
lowi, one fX'iS?
Illinois, three  ^®9,999
Florida, one  5,000
Connecticut, three  9I'0®?
iihode Island, three  *3,000
Massachusetts, live 
Maine, six  §£>.000
Oregon  31,000
Delaware  15.000
Alabama   
Tennessee    80,000
Texas  2o,000
It has also been said that this bill came from
the committee of the House, and therefore
should be adhered to without amendment.
The committee of the House was composed of
whom ? A gentleman from Rhode Island, one
from Philadelphia, one from Illinois, onefrom
Wisconsin, one from Missouri, one from New
York, one from Michigan, one from Indiana,
and another from New York, one from Con-
necticut, and one from Louisiana. Not a single
member of that committee resides in any State
upon the Atlantic sea-board, except New York,
Rhode Island, and Louisiana. The Bast and
the West were largely represented. Of course
the Atlantic States, from which the revenues of
the Government are principally derived, had
scarcely any representation upon the commit-
tee. It is not surprising, therefore, that the
appropriations should be confined to the States
from which this committee came. I believe
every State represented on that committee has
appropriations in the bill except Louisiana,
j It has been said, also, that it is not judicious
to load this bill down by additional appropri-
ations. Why, sir, the bill if it has been bur-
dened at all" has been done so by the East
and by the West. The middle and the south-
ern States have not incumbered it. Is it not
competent for the Senate of the United States
to examine into every claim for an appropri-
ation when it is presented here ? Is the Sen-
