1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4331
ships, while at the same time, by forbidding
the enlargement of any of those classes, you
make the proposition futile.
This is no question of gallantry ; it is a ques-
tion of justice, equal justice. It is a question
whether the Congress of this great country will
pay to a woman as much as it will pay a man
when she does similar work to that performed
by the mail, and does it equally well.
When this subject was before the House a
year ago, during the last session of the Fortieth
Congress, I mentioned by way of illustration
the injustice of the present discrimination with
reference to female clerks in the Post Office
Department. There are employed in the dead-
letter branch of the Post Office some fifty or
fifty-one writers. They open and read and dis-
tribute and direct all dead letters, look out all
the various post offices from which they were
mailed, find the names of the writers, and send
them on. Before they employed women to do
this work men did it at $1,200 a year each, and
those men were stinted to one hundred letters
a day. That is all your men did at $1,200 a
year. When they employed women they found
out gradually that women did more work.
They crowded them up to one hundred and
thirty and one hundred and fifty and finally to
two hundred letters a day. The Department
increased the stint assigned to the females to
two hundred letters a day, at $900 a year for
each employ6. Those clerks are doing twice
as much work as their male predecessors did,
while they receive one fourth less pay. Now,
Mr. Speaker, what justice is there in that? I
hope this House will have the manhood to con-
cur in the amendment which the Senate has
given us, and I believe we ought to applaud
their manhood for having set us the example.
Mr. IvELLEY. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. PARNSWORTH. Yes, sir.
Mr, KELLEY. I wish to enforce what the
gentleman has said by a few suggestions in the
same line as those which he has presented.
There are two ladies in the Post Office Depart-
ment who are employed in translating the for-
eign correspondence and in keeping up the
accounts in foreign languages. They are schol-
ars in four languages—German, French, Span-
ish, and Italian. They labor more hours than
any of the men in the Departments, and yet for
all this service they can, as the law now stands,
receive no more than $900 a year each.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, the amend-
ment proposed to be ingrafted on the bill, and
which came from the Committee on Appro-
priations, is as follows:
That hereafter, in the appointment and employ-
ment of clerks, copyists, and counters, or other em-
ployes ill the several Departments of tlio Irovcra-
merit, there shall bo no discrimination between males
and females; and it shall be lawful to appoint and
employ any competent and worthy persons m such
positions without regard to sex.; but the number ot
clerks shall not be increased by this section.
I agree entirely with the general principle
announced by the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Farnswohtii,] that the Govermnentought
to pay to women the same compensation which
it pays to men when they perform the same
service. This is but the dictate of common
honesty, of reason, and ot justice; in fact,
instinct, witlioutreason, would feel and under-
stand the justice of this. That is precisely
what this amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations^oes. I hope the House will
not be misled by the remarks of the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Faunsworth] or by the
remarks of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Kelley. ] The existing laws authorize
in the Treasury and other Departments of the
Government the employment of female clerks,
copyists, counters of bank notes, coupons, and
bonds, and their compensation is fixed at $900
a year, which is, if notlioeral, at least entirely
adequate. The law for these purposes only
authorizes the employment of women, lhe
fitst effect of this amendment, as it comes from
the Committee on Appropriations, is that these
places now filled by women, and which by law
can be only filled by them, shall be opened up
to both sexes, without any discrimination what-
ever. This is alike just and reasonable.
If this shall be adopted and the Govern-
ment shall deem it desirable for any reason to
employ men in some of these places to count
coupons or bank notes, and turn some women
out, and pay the men so employed $900 a year,
the same compensation paid to women, the
Government can do so. And why not? The
question whether men or women should be
employed should depend, not on sex, but on
qualifications, merits, and claims to Govern-
ment consideration. It may be very proper
to turn out some able-bodied woman and put
in her place some deserving crippled soldier.
Then this proposition goes on further to
declare, that in all the other grades of clerks,
copyists, counters, or other employ6s in the
several Departments of the Government, and
which are now, and by law can only be filled
by men, the Government may fill any of those
places with women, with any competent and
worthy persons, without regard to sex. We all
know that women can be found worthy and
competent to fill many of these places. The
effect of this amendment, if adopted, will be
to open up all of these places, without any dis-
crimination on account of sex, to both men and
women. And, sir, the result will be, if we
adopt this provision, without increasing the
expense to tlio Government one dollar, that
all the places now filled by women, whether as
counters or otherwise, will be opened up to
both sexes. That is precisely what I think we
ought to do, and just what this proposition
accomplishes.
Mr. ALLISON. Does the gentleman from
Ohio speak in favor of the amendment of the
committee?
Mr. LAWRENCE. Yes, sir; I certainly
do. I suggested its adoption in committee,
and I stand by it now and forever.
Mr. ALLISON. Then I will follow him.
Mr. LAWRENCE. The provision as it
comes from the Senate proposes to increase
the compensation of all places now filled by
women.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Notunless men hold-
ing the same places get more pay than the
women now do.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I have stated the effect
of the two propositions, that ot the Senate and
that of the Committee on Appropriations. I
submit to the good sense and judgment of the
House that the provision reported by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations does equal and exact
justice. The Senate amendment unnecessarily
increases the salaries of the places now filled
by women, and will add $400,000 annually to the
expenses of the Government. The amendment
of the Committee on Appropriations increases
no salary, adds not one dollar to our national
expenditures, but opens up every place in the
Departments to the employment ot competent
and worthy persons, whether men or women.
And why not? Why shall a soldier's widow
beg or starve when she can discharge the duties
of a clerkship filled by some man having no
claims on the Government? - There is no dan-
ger that men will be crowded out ot these
places. While women have no votes or polit-
ical influence the danger is that men will ex-
clude them. Those who are now in the De-
partments are in because the law gives them
their places. But I think we may safely rely
on the officers having the appointing power to
do justice, execute the law, if we shall adopt
this provision, according to its spirit and pur-
pose and with judgment and fairness. Let us
try the experiment, for thus we will learn wis-
dom. Why should we make discriminations
by law where none exist in reason or justice?
God and nature have made distinctions of sex
for purposes alike wise and beneficial; but the
law should not create disabilities where nature
and reason do not.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BENTON. Mr. Speaker, this question,
in whatever way it may be presented by gentle-
men, whether under the color of gallantryor
as a question of strict justi'ce, is, in my opin-
ion, simply a question of raising salaries. As
I understand the matter, a large number of
female clerks have positions in various Depart-
ments of this Government, in the interest of
economy, and for the purpose of saving the
public money. That is the reason why they
have got these offices. I understand further—
and I believe the statement I am about to make
cannot be successfully contradicted—that no-
where in all the States of this Union do women
receive so liberal a compensation as is received
by the lady clerks employed by this Govern-
ment. And the simple question is, shall we
vote to appropriate $400,000 for the purpose
of raising the pay of these employes?
Mr. LAWRENCE. The gentleman is mis-
taken. That is not the question before the
House.
Mr. BENTON. I understand that the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] pro-
poses the Senate amendment.
Mr. LAWRENCE. The Senate amendment
proposes what the gentleman states, but the
amendment of the House Committee on Appro-
priations does not.
Mr. BENTON. It was stated to-dayby the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
that this would increase the amount of salaries
paid by $400,000.
Mr. LAWRENCE. The chairman of the
committee did not state any such thing.
Mr. BENTON. I did not yield for the gen-
tleman's interruption. I think I have just as
good an opportunity as the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] of >understanding what
the gentleman from Illinois advocates._ Now,
if I understood him, he was entirely in favor
of the Senate amendment, and opposed to the
amendment offered by the chairman of the
committee. So I understood him, and I do
not think he will say otherwise.
Mr. DAWES. What I said was that it ap-
peared from Senator Sherman's speech that
the effect of this Senate amendment would be
to increase the expenses $400,000.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I believe an exam-
ination of the figures cited by Senator Sher-
man would show that it would not increase tho
expenses but a little over two hundred thou-
sand dollars.
Mr. BENTON. I will say further that what-
ever may be the increase of cost, there are at
this moment any number of intelligent and
capable females all through the country who
are urging and importuning members of Con-
gress to secure them places in the various
Departments at the rate of compensation now
provided.
Mr. HOTCHKISS obtained the floor.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
enrolled bill stoned.
Pending the motion to adjourn,
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled a bill of
tho following title ; when the Speaker signed
the same :
An act (S. No. 5-34) to regulate credits to
prisoners for good behavior.
CIIARGJ5S OF BRIBERY.
The SPEAKER intimated that he bad ap-
pointed as a special committee on the reso-
lution in regard to the charge and resolution
of expulsion against W. Scott Smith, corre-
spondent of the New York Evening Post, Mr.
Poland of Vermont, Mr. Dickbst of Pennsyl-
vania. Mr. flxkelkburg of Missouri, Mr,
Potter of New York, and Mr. IIolmax, ot
Indiana. , ,
The motion to adjourn wts agreed to ; and
accordingly (at five o'clock p. m.) the House
adjourned.
