1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1499
Mr. McCIlEERY, from the Committee on
Territories, to whom was referred the bill (H.
I!. So. 778) to redetine a portion of the bound-
aiv line between the State of Nebraska and
the Territory of Dakota, reported it, without
amendment. :
Mr. NYE, 1'ioiii the Committee on Terri-
tories. to whom was referred the bill (II. R.
Xo. to confirm the apportionments and
amend certain laws of the Territory of Arizona,
leoorted it without amendment..
Mr. ROSS. I am directed by the Committee
on Indian Affairs, to whom were referred reso-
lutions of the Legislature of Michigan, in rela-
tion to the necessity of having the Indiaus of that
State vaccinated, to report them back. The
Commissioner of Indian Affairs informs us that
provision has beeu made for that purpose. I
move, therefore, that the committee be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
resolutions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ROSS. I am also directed by the same
committee to report back a letter of the Secre-
tary of the Interior, in relation to the account
ot'IrbyH. Iludd for transporting annuity goods
to the Navajo Indians, and to state that the
amount has beeu paid by the Auditor of the
Treasury out of the general Indian appropri-
ations. I move that the committee be dis-
charged from its further consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
NOTICE OF AN AMENDMENT.
Mr. SCOTT. I give notice of an amendment
which I desire to propose to the amendment
reported by the Committee on Finance to the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 120) declaratory
of the meaning and intention of the law re-
lating to income tax, which I desire to have
printed. I make that motion. [
The motion was agreed to.
° I
OUDEIt OF liOSINESS.
Mr. FERRY. I desire to ask the Senate to
take up the veto message of the President of
the United States on the bill (S. No. 273) for
the relief of Rollin White.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I would sug-
gest to the Senator to delay that until the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire [Mr. Cragix] or
the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Carpen-
ter] shall be present, both of whom take an
interest in this subject.
Mr. FERRY. I will send a page for those
two Senators, as I did yesterday morning, and
they were almost immediately in the Senate.
Mr. WILLEY. Mr. President, I was waited
on this morning by the petitioner in this case,
who stated that the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, lie understood, had left for the State of
New Hampshire, to be absent for a few days,
and he gave me to understand that he had some
papers material to a proper consideration of
this case in his possession, and he asked that
the case be postponed until his return.
Mr. FERRY. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire spoke to me yesterday about this case,
stating that he wished to address the Senate
upon it when it should be taken up, and that
he was to leave for New Hampshire to-morrow;
and if I could not succeed in getting it before
the Senate until to-morrow, he then asked me
to delay it some time. I suppose he is in town
to-day.
Mr. WILLEY. I do not see him in sight nor
do I see in his seat the Senator who had th-3
bill in charge, [Mr. Carpenter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from West Virginia object, the morning busi-
ness not being through with ?
Mr. WILLEY. I object, not seeing those
Senators in their seats.
. The VICE PRESIDENT. Resolutions are
in order.
PUBLIC BUILDING AT SACRAMENTO.
Mr. COLE submitted the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds bo instructed to inquire into tho expe-
diency of erecting in Sacramento, California, a build-
ing for the accommodation of the several Federal
officers in that city, and that they report by bill or
otherwise.
Mr. COLE. 1 have a word to say on the
resolution. I hope the committee Avill make
the inquiry as to the amount of rents paid
annually in that place for the post otlice, laud
office, internal revenue office, and custom-house
officers. [ think it will appear upon such an
examination to be a matter of economy to erect
by the Governmentof the United States a build-
ing for tho accommodation of these officers in
Sacramento. I believe the people of that city
will donate a proper site for such a building,
and if upon inquiry it should turn out to be a
matter of economy to make a proper appro-
priation I hope it will be done.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
WEST POINT ACADEMY.
Mr. SPENCER submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
llezolved, That tho Committee on Military Affair*
be, and aro hereby, instructed to inquiro into and
report upon tho expediency of abolishing tho Mili-
tary Academy at West Point, and of substituting
in lieu thereof an assignment of military officers to
duty at various colleges throughout the Union to
instruct the youth of the country in military science,
or to inaugurate some other system that will relievo
tho Government of the expense of educating and
supporting young men for army servico who never
perform the same, and by which opportunity may be
given to all who desire it to securo a military educa-
tion at their own expeu£0.
navalacademy.
Mr. SPENCER submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Ilesolvcd, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be,
and aro hereby, instructed to inquire into and re-
port upon tho expediency of abolishing the Naval
Academy at Annapolis, and of substituting in its
place an assignment of naval officers to duty as in-
structors in navigation and naval warfare at various
colleges throughout the Union, or to inaugurate some
system by which opportunity may be given to the youth
of tho country to acquiro a knowledge in this branch
of the science at private expense, to tho end that the
Government may be relieved of a largo proportion
of the outlay, and all may hare an equal chance to
enter the naval servico should it be desired.
VETO MESSAGE KOLLI.V WHl'X'Ji.
Mr. FERRY. I am informed by the chair-
man of the Committee on Territories that the
Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Cragin]
was in the room of the Committee on Territo-
ries a moment ago, and is coming up here. I
renew my motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business has been gone through with, and the
Senator from Connecticut r.-iakes a motion that
the Senate take up the bill lor the relief of
Rollin White, with the veto message of the
President of the United States theron.
Mr. ABBOTT. I ask the Senator to yield
a moment while I move to take up Senate bill
No. 400. I understand the Senator from Wis-
consin [Mr. Howe] who made objection to it
the other day is willing to withdraw the objec-
tion.
Mr. FERRY. There is not time in the
morning hour to give way to take up a bill. I
hope the Senator will excuse me. The Senator
from New Hampshire is in, and wishes to speak
on this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Connecti-
cut, to take up for consideration the veto mes-
sage of the President on the bill (S. No. 273)
for the relief of Rollin White.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FERRY. Mr. President, I will add
to what I was saying the other day but a very
few remarks at this time, in order, if possible,
to dispose of this matter this morning. The
petition of Rollin White asks to have his case
referred again to the Commissioner of Patents,
who had decided it against him ; his petition
being in the nature of an application for a new
trial upon two grounds: one, that his counsel
was sick and absent; the other that the models
of his invention had been stolen or lost; and
therefore his case, without fault of his own,
was not fairly presented to the Commissioner.
iJotli these grounds of his application for a
new trial are, in my judgment, unsustained by
the evidence, and in fact directly overthrown
by the evidence of the Commissioner himself.
I think, in the first place, that it would be set-
ting an exceedingly bad precedent to permit
parties who have been before the Commissioner
of Patents, and have had their cases tried and
decided, to apply to Congress for a new trial.
I regard tho case as one that upon principle
ought not to be entertained by Congress ex-
cept under the extremest necessity. To enter-
tain jurisdiction here of applications for new
trials after the decision of the Commissioner of
Patents would involve us in an amount of busi-
ness consuming necessarily a great portion of
time, and also in the investigation of a class
of cases which neither Congress nor its com-
mittees are at all adapted to investigate. Yet
perhaps if a case of corruption or fraud were
proved it might be proper for Congress to take
jurisdiction of such an application for a new
trial.
But, as I have said, the present application
is based upon two statements : first, the sick-
ness of the counsel of the petitioner at the
time his application was pending before the
Commissioner; and second, the absence of
models of his invention.
Now, as soon as this petition came to my
knowledge I addressed a letter to the Com-
missioner of Patents, who heard and disposed
of the case, for the purpose of ascertaining the
real facts as to which the petitioner had pre-
sented to us his application for a new trial. I
received a reply from the Commissioner, the
manuscript of which I have on my desk, and
which for convenience I have had printed, and
I ask that it may be read from the desk by the
Clerk. This statement embodies the facts
upon which the decision of the Commissioner
was made.
The Chief Clerk read the following letter:
Washington, National Hotel.
January 17,1870.
Dear Sir: For tho purpo-oof answering the in-
quiries in your letter of the 14th instant I have
reexamined the paperson file in the Patent Office to
refresh my recollection.
On tho hearing of Mr. Rollin White's application
for an extension of his patent Mr. Harding, of Phila-
delphia, and Mr. Stoughton, of this place, appeared
as his counsel. Mr. White spoko in his own behalf
and Mr. Harding was heard two or three times; and
to those acquainted with that gentleman I need not
:,ay that tho cause was argued with much ability.
It was .stated that Mr. Keller, of New York, who
had acted as counsel for Mr. White in suits upon his
patent and in taking testimony to be used on his
application, was absent on account of sickncss.
~S3ver.il persons (perhaps they could not properly
bo e.tiled *' counsel") seemed to be much interested
in Mr. White's behalf, and strongly pressed the
granting of the extension.
Soon after Mr. Whito's application was made (in
1866) objections to the extension were filed in tho
Patent Office by several persons, and testimony in
support of them was taken. Afterward the opposi-
tion of some was formally withdrawn, and at tho
hearing no one appeared to oppose the extension.
I was not awarethatMr. Whitehadfailedtoobtain
all the testimony he desired. I do not now recollect
that any complaint was mado in that rcspcct. Tho
time the application was pending, about two and a
half years, would seem to have been sufficient to pro-
cure all needful evidence.
At the hearing it was stated by Mr. White that a
part of his models, intended to illustrate his inven-
tions, had been lost orstolen, and itappeared to be to
himasourcc ofmuch regret and disappointment, ldo
not think, however, that I had any difficulty m fully
comprehending his inventions and other devices
referred towithoutthem.fromthe papers and models
in the Patent Office.
The principle I had adopted for my own acaon,
and which I thought accorded with the design and
intent of the statute, was to grant extensions in thoso
casc3 only in which tho invention had cnectcd a
decided and manifest improvement, and whilo great
benefits had been bestowed upon the public, 1 was
quite liberal in respect to the compensation received.
Mr. White's inventions did not appear to me to come
up to my requirements. Their object was to improve
tbe Colt pistol, and the leading idea seems to havo
been to attach to it a magazino of cartridges, one of
which should bo forced from tho rear into theoham-
ber by a plunger operated by the cocking of the pis-
tol. To prevent the explosion of cartridges by an
