43B2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &e., were presented
under the rule, aud referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas: Resolutions
of a public meeting held at Winfield, Cowley
county, Kansas, in favor of the purchase of
the Osage Indian reservation, the removal of
the Indians to the Indian territory, and the
opening of their lands in Kansas to actual
settlers.
_ By Mr. NEWSHAM: A petitiou of 183
citizens of Louisiana, for reestablishing the
mailroute between Springville and Shreveport,
Louisiana, and urging the measure as neces-
sary for the public interest.
By Mr. SCHUMAKER: A petition of
citizens of Brooklyn, NewYork, asking for the
passage of a law taxing distilled spirits at the
distillery only upon the basis of maximum
capacity.
By Mr. STEVENSON: The petition of
Jacob Zitis & Brother, and many other busi-
ness men and firms of Cincinnati, Ohio, pray-
ing a reduction of the tax on tobacco to one
uniform rate of sixteen cents per pound.
IN SENATE.
Saturday. June 11, 1870.
Prayer by Rev. J. G. Butler, Chaplain of
the House of Representatives.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
house bills kefbiuied.
The bill (H. R. No. 2058) to amend an act
entitled " An act for the removal of causes in
certain cases from State courts," approved
July 27, 13GU, and an act amendatory thereof,
approved March 2, 1807, was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The bill (H. R. No. 2180) to establish a
port of delivery at St. Joseph, Missouri, was
read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
The joint resolution (II. R. No. 824) grant-
ing condemned guns to the Soldiers' Monu-
ment Association of Adrian, Michigan, was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
unrolled bill signed,
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the Speaker of the House had
signed the enrolled bill (S. No. 554) to regulate
credits to prisoners for good behavior ; and it
was thereupon signed by the Vice President.
petition's and memorials.
Mr. YATES presented apetit ion of the Board
of Trade of Quincy, Illinois, praying for an
amendment of all bridge charters passed or to
be passed so that all high or draw bridges
whose piers are not erected shall give four
hundred feet clear way in the main ehanncl
from Des Moines rapids to the mouth of the
Mississippi, and from Pittsburg, on the Ohio
river, to its mouth, the same being required by
the late improvements in towing barges; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SCOTT presented a remonstrance of the
members of' the bar of Clearfield county, Penn-
sylvania, against the passage of the bill (H.
11. No. 2108) relating to certain counties of the
western judicial district of Pennsylvania; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petitiou of
William J). Sanford, of Lynchburg, Virginia,
praying the removal of his political disabilities ;
which was referred to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petitions of Allen
Howison, of Prince William county, Virginia;
of William N. Brown and George H. Ilobirfton,
of Alexandria, Virginia; and of Jere. Moore,
of Vienna, Fairfax county, Virginia, praying for
the remov al of their political disabilities; which
were referred to the select Committee on "the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petitions of Jesse Bibb,
Henry J. Wale, Dr. Charles Quarles, Thomas J.
Barret, and George W. May, of Louisa, county,
Virginia; of Samuel G. Burnley, of Fluvanna
county, Virginia; and of T. H. Ivey, of Camp-
bell county, Virginia, praying the removal of
their political disabilities; which wore referred
to the select Committee on the Removal of
Political Disabilities.
printing op tables.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to report certain tabular
statements from the Treasury Department,
showing the rates of increase and decrease of
duty on articles mentioned in the bill (H. li.
No. 2045) now before the Senate, entitled "An
act to reduce internal taxes, and for other pur-
poses." I move that they be printed for the
use of the Committee on Finance, and recom-
mitted to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
committee on finance.
Mr. SHERMAN. At this period of the ses-
sion I deem it proper to move that the Com-
mittee on Finance have leave to sit during the'
sessions of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
dull'tii i1akb0h.
Mr. RA MSEY. The morning business seems
to have been gone through with. It will be
recollected that yesterday morning I called up
a little bill, and after being taken up it was
passed over by the expiration of the morning
hour. I should like now to proceed to the
consideration of that bill if die Senate will
indulge me in doing so. It, is Senate bill
No. 703.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Minnesota asks unanimous consent to call up
the bill in regard to the harbor of Dulnth, which
was taken up yesterday and cur, off by the
expiration of the morning hour. Is there objec-
tion ?
Mr. DAVIS. 1 object.
The VJCE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Kentucky objects.
Mr. RAMSEY. Can I not move to lay aside
all other business with a view to taking up this
bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator can
move to pass over or to postpone. It is not
for the Chair to intimate the motion that should
be made ; but, if n, motion to pass over is made,
the question must be taken separately on each
measure passed over, if it is insisted upon.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move to postpone all
other orders with a view of taking up this bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What is the
proposition ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is the bill in
regard to the improvement of the harbor of
Duluth, which was taken up yesterday. The
Senator from Minnesota moves to postpone all
other orders, the morning business being con-
cluded, for the purpose of proceeding to the
consideration of that bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What is the
present order V
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is the Calendar
of resolutions laid over.
Mr. RAMSEY. It affects the morning hour
only, I presume.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am very anx-
ious to take up the joint resolution which I
reported from the Committee on Appropria-
tions yesterday in relation to the expenses of
the Indian delegations. There is a necessity
for passing it. The Indians are expected to
leave town on Monday, and the resolution
ought to be sent to the House to-day.
Mr. SUMNER. We cannot hear the Sen-
ator on this side of the Chamber.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I was remark- •
ing that I think it is quite important to take
up the resolution which I reported yesterday
from the Committee on Appropriations to pay
the expenses of delegations of Indians visiting
this eity. They are expected to leave on Mon-
day, and of course it is desirable that the res-
olution should go to the House at otiee. I do
not suppose that it will occupy any time.
Mr. SUMNER. Why not take it up now?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is exactly
what I was arguing that the Senate ought to do.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Minnesota obtained the floor at the conclusion
of the morning business and moved to take up
Senate bill No. 763.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, I have no objec-
tion to his proposition coming up, if he will
allow me to dispose of this resolution first.
Sir. RAMSEY. I will allow the Senator to
call up his bill immediately after mine is dis-
posed of. [Laughter.]
Mr. WILLIAMS. I suggest to the Senator
from Minnesota to take up his bill, and thirti
allow it to be laid aside informally for the pur-
pose of considering the appropriation bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. If the Senator from Maine
will agree to that 1 ana willing to agree to it.
Mr. DAVIS. The bill of the honorable
Senator from Minnesota cannot be called up
without resistance.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then I hope
the Senator from Minnesota will allow me to
take up this resolution.
Mr. DAVIS. That bill is simply a project
for a land subsidy to make an artificial harbor
within a stonq's throw of a very fine natural
harbor. The first subsidy that it asks is five
hundred thousand acres of land.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I rise to a question of
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kentucky will suspend. The Senator
from Oregon rises to a question of order. He
will state the question oforder.
Mr. WILLIAMS. 'The motion to pass over
is not debatable. The Senator is making some
statements about the bill which ought to be
replied to, if they are allowed to be made.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Minnesota has moved to postpone all
other business, not to pass over.
Mr. DAVIS. I want to defeat the motion
to take up that measure.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. ' Under the cir-
cumstances I trust the Senator from Minnesota
will allow me to call up this joint resolution.
Mr. liAMSEY. Will not the Senator allow
me, having been successful yesterday in call-
ing up this bill and then being cut off by the
expiration of the morning hour, to take it up
now, and then I will consent to its being
informally passed over?
Mr. TRUMBULL. We have gota rule here,
I believe, that allows a person to rise to a ques-
tion of order and set everybody else down,
and I want to avail myself of it for once, and
move to pass over the subject, whatever it is,
before the Senate.
land office bepoet.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first reso-
lution on the Calendar is the resolution offered
by the Senatorfrom Oregon, [Mr. Williams,]
on the 20th of May, to print extra copies of
the report of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office for 1809, with the report of the
Committee on Printing thereon.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I moge that that be
passed over.
The \ ICE PRESIDENT. That motion has
priority.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not see any
occasion for any such motion as that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
uli^ debatable under the rule.
The motion was agreed to.
expenses of indian delegations,
_ Mr. RAMSEY. Now, I presume my mo-
tion comes up, to pass over all other morning
business to proceed to the consideration of
Senate bill No. 703.
