2444
OIHE coTOEESsiamL GLOBE.
April &
a joint committee to consider the subject of
Indian policy.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Is it in order
to move to postpone all prior orders?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The CKuir sup-
poses it is.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I make that
motion, to postpone all prior orders, for the
purpose of proceeding to the consideration of
the bill making appropriations for deficiencies
for the current year. I make this motion be-
cause I am persuaded that the public service is
greatly suffering for the passage of this act.
The chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations of the House of Representatives is
urging me to insist upon its consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Calendar of
resolutions which have been laid over, being
before the Senate, the Senator from Maine
moves to postpone that and all other orders for
the purpose of proceeding to the consideration
of the deficiency bill. By the usage of the
Senate, the first question will be taken upon
postponing all prior orders.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That will not affect tho
regular order for one o'clock.
The VICE PRESI DENT. It will not. Tho
question is on postponing all the orders on the
Calendar of resolutions which have been laid
over.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine now moves that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of the deficiency bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RLCE. if the Senator from Maine will
give way to allow rao to call up the joint reso-
lution I have in charge, it will take only two
minutes to pass it. If there is any debate
upon it it mav fio over for tho present.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not like
to object, but it requires unanimous consent.
Tim VICE PRESIDENT. The deficiency
bill being before the Senate, the Senator from
Arkansas asks unanimous consent to take up
for consideration the joint resolution in regard
to railroads in Arkansas. Is there objection?
Mr. SAWYER. I object.
The Senate, as in Committee of tho Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (II. R. No.
13IGJ making appropriations to supply defi-
ciencies in the appropriations for the service
of the Government for tho fiscal year ending
June 30, 1870, and for other purposes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the amendments proposed by the
Committee on Appropriations as they ate
reached in the regular reading of the bill.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill.
The first amendment of the committee was
iu line nine, after the word "watchmen" to
insert "at $220 cach," and to strike out in
line thirteen, after the words "1870'' tho words
"provided that their pay shall not exceed $720
each for said yenr, S2,700" and to insert
" ?3,f!G0 :" to that the clause will read :
For nddiMonjl of twelve watchmen, at $220
each, and cloven laborers, employed in tho Treasury
Department buildings, at8120 cach, lor tho year end-
ing Juno 30, 1870, $3,030.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line twenty-
six, to insert:
For rtdditional pay of fifteen laborers, employed
in tho Po"t Office Department, at £ 120 each, &i,8U0.
For additional pay ot' eleven laborers in the oiiico
of I no Auditor of the Treasury for tho Post 0Cli.ec
iJeiMUment, at 2120 each, $l,o29.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after hae thirty-
seven, to insert:
To supply deHciciiey in tbo fund for tho relief of
sick and disabled seamen, elOO.OOu.
The amendment was agreed to,
The next amendment was in line sixty-three,
after the word "thereof," to insert "and for
settling the accounts of ngen*s employed iu
recovering s-uch property so as to lead :
For tbe necessary expenses inc-r.-'ed 3D ucioncling
guits against tho Secretary of the Treasury ,or his
subordinates and rigonts, in rcspcetto or growing out
of the seizure of such property, and in prosecuting
suits for the recovery of property claimed to have
accrued or belonged to tho United States, crowing
out of tho rebellion or tbo suppression thereof, ana
for settling tho accounts of agents employed in recov-
ering such property, $20,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lino sixty-six,
to strike out" $ 10,000'' and insert'' §25,000 j''
so as to make the clause read:
For roofing tho custom-house at Cairo, Illinois,
$25,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr.TRUMBUL L. There ought to be another
amendment made in lino sixty-six. After the
word "roofing" the words "and for continu-
ing the work on" should be inserted. The
appropriation is not simply for roofing.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. There is no
objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suggest the
same amendment in line sixty-eight in regard
to the custom-house at Detroit, Michigan, to
insert after the word "roofing" the words
" and continuing the work on."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. In line seventy-
three I move to strike out "$15,000" and in-
sert " §20,000;" so that the clause will read:
For general repairs of custom-house at Mobile,
Alabama, $20,000.
Tho amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move to strike
out lines eighty-three and eighty-four, in the
following words:
Vur custom-house at Sandusky, Ohio, tor general
repaiis, $10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. In line eighty-
eight I move to strike out " $10,000," and in-
sert " $25,000 so that the clause will read :
For continuing construction, granito, and lipic-
stono work for custom-house, St. Paul, Minnesota,
3:5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Tho nest q.roendmeut of the Committee on
Appropriations was in line ninety-seven, after
the words "New York city," to strike out
" $400,000" and to insert " $800,000so as
to make the item read :
For continuing the construction of the building
for conrt-houso and post offico in New York city,
$300,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in liue one hun-
dred, after "Massachusetts," to strike out
" $200,000" and insert " $;!50,000 so as to
make the item read :
For continuing tho work on tho building for post
office :<nd sub-Treasury in Boston, Massachusetts,
$350,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and four, after "San Francisco, Cali-
fornia," to strike out "$100,000" and insert
" $150,000 so as to read :
For continuing flic work, and for granito and
free-stono work on the huiiding for branch mint, at
San Francisco, California, $150,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line one hun-
dred and four, to insert:
• For conduction and repairs of custom-honso at
Charleston, Soutli Carolina, and of the wharves ad-
jacent thereto, and for employment of such labor as
may be necessary to protect from injury and deteri-
oration the marble and other biuldmg materials of
said custom-house, $25,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
bill to line one hundred and twelve.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I inquire of tho Sen-
ator from Maine if the proper place to insert
tho appropriation for continuing the work on
the marine hospital at Chicago is not after line
one hundred and twelve? 1 gave notice oi an
amendment which I understood the committee
agreed to. Would it notproperlycome in after
line one hundred and. twelve, which relates to
the subject of marine hospitals?
Mr. MORRILL,, of Maine. It is further, on
in the bill. That will come in afterward.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. In line one hun-
dred and fourteen the amount appropriated for
continuing the construction of the appraiser's .
stores; at Philadelphia should be ' $40,000"
ins^aii,of i'.jj80,000." X move that amend- _
ment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. After lino one
hundred and seventeen I move to insert:
For fitting Jilo3-rooms u,n<lor tho porticoes of the
Trctvsury, $0,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The reading of the bill was continued to line
one hundred and twenty-seven.
Mr. TRURMAN. 1 rise to say that I per-
ceive in this bill several provisions for furniture:
For furniture for tho eustom-hous© at Bangor,
Maine, 312.000. - •
For l'armturofortho custom-housa at Qgdensburg,
New York, $15,000. ' ,
For furniture for tho court-houso at Bes Moines,
Iowa, $12,000, , - ■ . •
For furniture for tho court-house at Springfield,
Illinois, $15,000.
It may seem that these are very small mat-
ters for anybody to cavil about; but I have
been accustomed to court-houses for a grpat
while and I never saw one yet that had $15,000
worth of furniture ia it or $12,000 worth of
furniture in it. 1 never saw a custom-house
that I thought needed $12,000 worth of furni-
ture iu it, much less $15,000 worth; and I
should like to have from my friend, the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations, some
explanation of what is meant by furniture; how
it is that a court-house requires twelve or fifteen
thousand dollars' worth of furniture, or a cus-
tom-house at Bangor, Maine, or Ogdensburg,
New York, twelve or fifteen thousand dollars'
worth of furniture.
And while he is explaining that, if he will
do me the favor to explain it, I wish he would
toll me also what is the aggregate amount of
money appropriated by this deficiency bill.
We heard during the political campaign last
summer a great deal said about the economy
that marked the first year of the present
Administration, how the appropriations were
much smaller than they had been in .preceding
years. I should like to know how much those
appropriations fell short of accomplishing
what the "Committee now think was necessary
to be accomplished, and for which they have
therefore reported this deficiency bi$. I should
like to know how much is to be added by this
bill to those appropriations which were made
and which were heralded forth as the expenses
of this year. Therefore, I hope my friend will
not only explain the small things, these fur-
niture accounts, but that he will also tell us
how much in the aggregate ho proposes to
appropriate by this bill to make up deficien-
cies that Congress did not appropriate for
before, and which appropriations were held
forth to the country as the utmost amount of
tho expenditures of the Government for the
present fiscal year.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. As to the par-
ticulars I am perfectly able to answer, but as
to the generalities I cannot say that I am. The
furniture for public buildings I think is not a
very extraordinary item. If tbe Government"
builds public buildings it would seem to- bo
natural enough that they should be furnished.
Whether these appropriations are extravagant
or not I have no particular information. They
came from the House of Representatives, and
we have left tho items stand as they eanae from
the House. I suppose I- have in a general way
the facts on which the House passed, and.they
are the estimates, first, of the Department, and
second, the detailed statements, whitih my hon-
orable friend will see.by looking-at the report
of the supervising architect of public'buildings.
