5276
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
ate to take the report of a committee as con-
clusive? Why, sir, there Ijas not been a bill
of a public character reported from any com-
mittee to this body that has not undergone
revision, amendment, and discussion. Every
bill, of whatever character, some of iafinitely
less importance than the bill now under con-
sideration by the Senate, haa been analyzed
and amended.
It is our duty to look to the various interests
and sections of the country. We are here not
. as the especial guardians of the West or of the
East, but to legislate for every interest in the
whole country. We are not to legislate par-
tially, not upon the ground that an amend-
ment to a bill may defeat it. We are here to
do our duty, to do justice to every portion of
the country; and if we shall avoid that duty
for any consideration we shall be recreant to
the great trust which has been committed to
us. We cannot shrink from our duty; itcling3
to and presses us to its faithful, fair, and hon-
est discharge. No motives of interest, of pol-
icy, or expediency can justify us, as the repre-
sentatives of great States, in evading duty or
responsibility. The House has its duties to
perform, and tlia Senate cannot shift upon it
any portion of its own. The honor and dig-
nity of this body constrain us to be faithful to
our trust.
Where is the money to come from which is
to pay for these appropriations? Does it not
'come from the ports upon the Atlantic and its
tributaries? Are not your revenues derived
from the duties on importations; and is it just
or right that the money which accrues from
these ports shall be taken and appropriated
exclusively to tiie deepening of harbors and
rivers in the West? I am not here to object to
any liberal appropriation for the West or the,
North or the East, but I am here to claim that
justice shall be done to every section of this
country fully and impartially.
It. wouid be grossly unjust to take the money
derived from the ports upon the Atlantic and
expend it all in the West or in the East; but
the States where thisrevenue is receivedshould
hnve a portion of it applied to their proper in-
terests and necessities. It is not my design to
ask that any item for any work in the West or
in i.he North or the East shall be diminished;
but it ia my purpose to demand that a portion
of the public money which comes from customs
in my own State, and paid into the Treasury
during the last year, shall be applied to the
deepening^ of the bay channel, and by that
means to facilitate commerce and enhance the
revenue. 1 hisis what I-claim as justice to my
State, and as essentially proper in itself.
Why, sir, it would seem to be an act of in-
gratitude for the young States of the West to
take all the money from the old States, the
mothers of the new, and appropriate it to them-
selves. I would foster the interest and pro-
mote improvements in the West or in any other
section of the country when the Constitution
authorizes it, in the deepening of harbors and
removal of obstructions to navigation. I would
contribute liberally of our means to increase
and secure the commerce and navigation of the
country whenever by the improvement of rivers
and harbors and the erection of light-houses
those ends can be accomplished ; but that aid
should be fairly and impartially bestowed, and
no such monopoly should be tolerated as is
attempted by this bill. The West having the
lion's share, seems very content that nothing
shall be awarded to any other meritorious
object.
All I ask is a small portion, not what is ne-
cessary to complete the work, but only what is
recommended by the Department for the pres-
ent year, that being enough to keep the ma-
chines employed until after another session of
Congress. This I think equitable and proper.
I ask not to discriminate against any section
of the country. All I ask is equal and exact
justice. Baltimore has a population estimated
at three hundred and fifty thousand ; her peo-
ple are enterprising, thrifty, intelligent, and
ambitious; her commerce has quadrupled in a
few years; her numerous railroad communi-
cations and facilities, her beautiful bay and
river, eligible location for navigation and trade,
capacious and secure harbors, and the iudom-
itaole'spirit and energy of her people, will
constitute ber one of the greatest cities of the
Republic, and of which the country may be
proud.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds in the chair.) The question is on
agreeing to the amendment of the Senator
from Maryland.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. VICKERS. I now offer the following
amendment:
And be it further enacted. That the sum of $12,000, of
any unappropriated money in the Treasury, be paid
and applied, under tho direction of tko Secretary of
War, to deepen the harbor or waters at the mouth
of the Susquehanna river.
That is a work also in charge of the General
Government. It has made appropriations for
this work. The Department rpcommends an
appropriation of $32,000 to complete it. The
committee in the House agreed to appropriate
§12,000, iu part; but the gentleman who had
charge of the bill was absent when the appro-
priation bill was under discussion, and in his
absence that appropriation of $12,000 was
stricken out by mistake, on the motion of a gen-
tleman from another State, who knew nothing
of the circumstances.
I will state that this work is necessary to the
Susquehanna canal and to the Columbia rail-
road, which is nearly completed. Vessels can-
not take the great quantity of lumber and of coal
which comedown the Susquehanna because of
the shallowness of the harbor. This harbor is
now being deepened, and the $12,000, it is esti-
mated, will continue the work during the pres-
ent season. It is a work very important to
the interests of Pennsylvania as well as of my
own State. As 1 stated before, the appropri-
ation was stricken out in the House of Repre-
sentatives without the knowledge of the gentle-
man who had the bill in charge, and in his
absence. If he had been present it would not
have been stricken out. The gentleman who
made the motion was mistaken in it, and would
never have made the motion if he had under-
stood the nature of the case.
As I stated before, the State of Pennsylvania
is largely interested in this work as well as the
State of Maryland. There was a break of the
canal in 1867, but I have the returns of its busi-
ness for 18G0. There were five thousand and
thirty-five boats cleared from there in a single
year. Coal, lumber, flour, grain, hay, iron,
lime, copper ore, and many other articles are
brought down in large quantities by that canal,
and have to be boated irom there.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
011 the amendment of the Senator from Mary-
land.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG. I offer this amendment,
to be inserted after line one hundred and eighty-
five, "for improvement of Bayou Teehe, Lou-
isiana, §17,500.;' I believe there will be no
objection to that. I have already stated that
that has been recommended, upon an estimate
and survey recently made, by the Secretary ol
War.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. OSBORN. I move an amendment in
line one hundred and twenty-five, to strike out
"$5,000" and insert « $15,000;" so as to
read:
For the improvement of the mouth of the Saint
John's river, Florida, §15,000.
This amendment was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and as this is the only
appropriation for the State of Florida in this
bill, I hope the amendment will be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FOWLER. In line one hundred and
seventy-three, on page 8, after the word ''ex-
pended' JI move to strike out the words i1 above
and 5" so as to read :
For improvement of the Tennessee river, $80,000, to
be expended below Chattanooga.
There is the great object of the expenditure,
and this limitation will only be frittering away
that little expenditure.
Mr. WARNER. I hope that amendment
will be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. I offer an amendment, to
come in after line one hundred and eighty-five,
in reference to a harbor in the State of Cali-
fornia:
For theimprovementof theharborof Wilmington,
in California, and the construction of a breakwater
therein, §100,000.
I send to the desk, and ask to have read for
the information of the Senate, concurrent reso-
lutions of the Legislature of the State of Cali-
fornia on this subject. They set out the merits
of the whole application, and the Senate will
perceive that a survey has been made of this
proposed improvement by the United States
officer of engineers on that coast, Colonel Alex-
ander.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Senate concurrent resolution relative to thccrcction
of a breakwater at Wilmington harbor.
PREAMBLE.
Whereas the harbor of Wilmington, in Los An-
geles county, is one of the most important on the
coast line of the State south of San Francisco, being
tho outlet for the large and rapidly increasing trade
of nearly the whole of the southern counties; and,
whereas a vast amount of merchandise is received
not only for tho supply of those counties, but for
northern Arizona and southern Utah, and the busi-
ness of said port is increasing every year, and it may
be considered, in a shipping and commercial point of
view, the second port in importance in this State;
and whereas the General Government has gone to
great expense in building large warehouses and
establishing distributing depot3 at said port, mak-
ing it the headquarters for United States troops for
the district of southern California and Arizona;
and whereas the said harbor is rapidly becoming
inaccessible by reason of the accumulation of sand
on tho bar forming across the harbor, thereby com-
pelling the lighterage of all goods received at or
shipped from said port, fit a great risk toowneisand
shippers, and a heavy additional expense of insur-
ance on both vessel and cargo; the expense attend-
ing such lighterage amounting to some §75,000 per
year, as shown by the books of tho commercial and
shipping houses doing business at that port; and
whereas it is shown by the accompanying report and
map of said harbor, made by 13revet Brigadier Gen-
eral B. S.Alexander, United States Army, lieuten-
ant colonel of engineers and chief of the engineering
corps on the Pacific coast, (which report and map aro
herewith submitted and approved,) that it is en-
tirely feasible and practicable to improve said har-
bor and deepen the water at the bar to an average
of from eleven feet to eighteen feet, by constructing
a breakwater some seven thousand feet in length
between the points of the harbor known as " Dead
Man's Island" and "Rattlesnake Island;" three
thousand six hundred and sixty-five feet of which
breakwater will stand upon ground that is bare at
low water, and three thousand three hundred and
thirty-live feet wilfhave its base under water; Gen-
eral Alexander estimating that the breakwater can
be constructed in one season, at a cost of $350,000;
and whereas the construction of said breakwater
would greatly increase the safety and facility of said
harbor, enabling vessels to receive and discharge
cargo alongside the pier, and the cars of the rail-
road (now completed) which connects this harbor
with tho city of Los Angeles and tho interior of the
richest portion of the southern counties, do dis-
charge (and receive freight at a warehouse on the
same pier with the vessel, to the great lessening of
expense and the saving of time and loss; and
whereas the report upon which we base this pre-
amble and following resolution, coming as it does
from such high engineering authority, is entitled to
the greatest consideration, and the estimate of the
cost of the work is based upon practical engineering
experience, and is so small, as compared with the
importance of the work and the immediate and im-
mense benefit to be derived therefrom, not only to
that section of the State, but to the welfare oi the
State of California and the General Government:
Therefore,
Me it resolved by the Senate, (the Assembly con-
curring.) That our Representatives in Congress be
requested and our Senators instructed to use all pos-
sible means in their power to obtain from Congress
an appropriation of $350,000 for the improvement of
said harborand the construction of said breakwater;
and that the Governor of this State be requested to
transmit a copy of this preamble and resolution,
together with the accompanying report and map
appended, to each of our Ueprebontatives and Sen-
