1500
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
escape of fire laterally a spring-ruard was provided;
and a shield also was plaocd in front, to arrest any
ball that might bo accidentally shot from a chamber
not in lino with tho barrel. In his experiment a
leather plug or pocking was put in the rear of the
charge, and that seemed to prevent the csc&pe of fire
and ihe explosion otall his cartridges.
For the several devices three patents wero granted,
in one of which the claim was broadly made for boring
through the cyliudor, whether loaded by hand or by
the plunger.
In the form in which Mr. White made his pistol it
is boliovcd to have had little or no practical utility.
Indeed, breeoh-loadors generally were then failures.
They encountered practical difficulties that seemed
insurmountable. Fire would e?cape from tho joint
at the breech and rapidly wear it away; or if made
gas-tight, expansion by hoat and other oauses would
obstruct tho operation. Tho object seemed hopeless
and unattainablo until the introduction of the metal-
lic cartridge. When that was perfected, with its
flange and fulminate and machinery tomanufacturo
it, (he difficulties wero removed and tho breech-
loader sprang at once into extorsive use.
It was then that tho claim in Mr. White's patent,
for boring through the cylinder instead of nearly
through, as Colthaddone, becamoof'greatpocuniary
value. But before White other arms had been bored
through, pistols, muskets, and rifles. In one a cluster
of revolving barrols, muoh liko Colt's chambers,
except in length, had been borcd_ through. The
metallic cartridge necessitated a boringthrough, and
when its use booame desirable in the Colt's pistol
tho boring through, as other arms had been bored
through, it seemed to me would have followed as a
matter of coursc, and as well without as with Mr.
White's devices.
Ididnot, therefore, regard his inventions as having
materially advanced tho art to which they related.
He had received, according to his own statements,
in licenso fees, from the three patents, $70,899. His
expenses, he states, wero $22,4^7, a large portion of
which were expenses of litigation, from which no
proceeds were credited. His rewards, I thought, had
been ample, having reference to the benefits oonferred
upon the public.
In view of the facts detailed, I do not think that
more arguments, or moro illustrations, or, indeed,
more testimony, would have altered the conclusions
to which I arrived or the decision which I made.
Very respectfully, yours,
ELISHA FOOTS.
Hon. 0. S. Fbery, United States Senator.
Mr. FEEEY. It will be seen, air, in addi-
tion to the reasons given in the President's
message why this bill should not become a
law, that from the report of the Commissioner
of Patents, before whom the original applica-
tion was tried, the facts stated by the petitioner
as a reason why he should be granted a new
trial utterly fail of being sustained. He was
not taken by surprise. His application had
been before the Commissioner two years and
a half; he was represented before the Com-
missioner by two of the best counsel in the
United States, one of whom argued his case
three times. The lost models, as they are
termed, could have been nothing but pieces
of wood or iron bored through, representing
the cylinder of a revolving pistol. The pistol
itself, complete, must have been before the Com-
missioner, together with the models in the
Patent Office. Now, it seems to me that the
mode in which the petitioner presented his case
before Congress last spring evinces his own
consciousness of the weakness of the claim
which he set up in his petition and desired to
get through Congress before it could be fairly
investigated.
It will be remembered that Congress ad-
journed on the 10th of April. On the 7th the
petition was presented in the House of Repre-
sentatives ; on the 8th in the Senate; a bill
was reported in the two Houses on the evening
of the 9th. The bill never was printed, and in
the hurry and confusion of the closing scenes
of the session the bill passed through both
Houses without observation.
The application having been rejected by the
Commissioner of Patents, the very large inter-
ests of the country engaged in the manufacture
of revolving pistols adapted their business and
made their plans for the future in accordance
with that fact. For now nearly a year the
industry has been an open industry to all who
chose to embark in it, and very large amounts
are embarked in it in many pf the States of the
Union.
Upon our returning at the commencement of
the present session this bill was found to be
in transitu from the House to the Senate,
having received the signature of the Speaker
of the House but not having received the sig-
nature of the President of the Senate. Upon
its being signed and transmitted to the Presi-
dent it was returned without his approval,
because tHe Government interests are also very
largely involved, and the extension of this pat-
entorthesubjecting the public and the Govern-
ment to the possibility of the extension of this
patent, after a fair hearing before the Commis-
sioner andarejection by him, would involve haz-
ard to large interests of the Government itself.
These interests are detailed fully in the report
made by the chief of ordnance, and by the
President referred to in the veto message.
An attempt has been made since to release
to the Government the capacity to use these
inventions without infringing upon the rights
of Mr, White, Those rights have been assigned
by him to two manufacturers of arms, one of
whom has not made any assignment to the
Government; and those two companies of
manufacturers of arms have the entire control
of this industry at the present time. Mr, White
has made some fifty or sixty thousand dollars
out of a simple invention, the great point of
his invention being the boring through the
cylinder of a revolving pistol. The other
patents are merely ancillary to this.
Underthese circumstances, first, because of
the danger of the precedent of permitting per-
sons whose applications for the renewal of their
patents have Deen granted or rejected in the
Patent Office to apply to Congress for a new
trial; second, because the two facts stated in
the petition as the ground for a new trial are
both disproved by tho report of the Commis-
sioner of Patents himself; and thirdly, for the
reasons stated in tho executive message, X am
of opiuion that the Senate ought to sustain the
veto and not suffer this bill to become a law.
Mr. CARPENTEE. Mr. President, having
been a member of the committee, and having
myself reported this bill to the Senate at the
last session, it is proper, perhaps, that I should
state in a few words the view which was taken
of it at that time by myself at least, and I sup-
pose by a majority of the committee.
There is, as I understand this subject, but
one question before the Senate. That is not
the merits of this man's claim for a renewal
of his patent. This bill has been misappre-
hended by General Dyer, who has given the
reasons why it should not become a law. He
evidently proceeds on the theory that the bill
renews Mr. White's patent. It does nothing
of the kind. It simply provides that he may
go before the Commissioner of Patents anS
have a new trial upon his application for a
renewal. Every lawyer knows that the ques-
tion whether a man should have a new trial or
not is a thing totally distinct from the question
what will be the result of that trial when he
gets it; and the policy of all courts is to extend
the right of new trial wherever injustice may
have been done, and we have in many of the
western States a statute which of late years
has added to this power of the courts, which
provides that a court may at any time within
one year relieve a party from any order,
judgment, or decree which had been rendered
against him by fraud, accident, mistake, or
his own excusable neglect, so carefully does
the law intend to guard the rights of parties
to a trial, and that, too, without any reference
to what may be the result of that trial.
Now, the only thing submitted to the Com-
mittee on Patents, and the only thing consid-
ered in the Senate, and the only thing con-
cluded by this bill, was the right of Mr. White
to have a hearing before the Commissioner of
Patents. If upon that hearing he oannot sat-
isfy the Commissioner that this patent ought
to be renewed, then, of conrse, his application
will be denied. Congress has not attempted
to exercise that jurisdiction whioh the law vests
in the Commissioner; nor should it in any
case do 60. But it is indispensable that Con-
gress should grant this new trial, and should
exercise in a proper case this power, because
the power exists nowhere else. As 1 under-
stand, and as I remember the facts of this case,
this hearing of Mr. White's before the Com-
missioner was on the last day within the term
' during which by law be could pass upon the
application ; and in consequence of the absence
of his models, which had been stolen from an
examiner's office in New York where they had
' been lodged to take testimony, and the sick-
ness of his counsel at the hearing, Mr. White
claims thathis case was not properly presented.
The Senator from Connecticut answers this by
a letter from that Commissioner which in sub-
stance says that nothing whatever in the way
of proof could have changed his opinion.
Is that an answer to Mr. White's application
! to be heard again? If it is to be taken in the
broad language in which that Commissioner's
language states it that was a sufficient reason
why Mr. White should have a hearing before
a Commissioner with whom proof would make
a difference. I know nothing about the merits
of that hearing; I know nothing about Mr.
White; I know nothing about the question
, whether ho ought or ought not to have a re-
' newal of bia patent; but I do undertake to say
that the case made by him is such as would
induce any court in the United States to grant
a party a new trial; and whether that new trial
shall result in any benefit to him or not will
depend upon the merits of the case as he
t shows them at the new trial before the Com-
I missioner.
I Now, sir, the great practical question here
! is whether this question, purely of patent law,
whether this man's patent shall be renewed or
not, shall be determined by the Commissioner
of Patents, to whom the law has given the juris-
diction, or whether it shall be disposed of by
the chief of ordnance.
It is, in my judgment, open to a fair question
in the courts whether this bill has not become
a law already. _ The Constitution provides that
"every bill whioh shall have passed the House
of Representatives and the Senate shall before
it become a law be presented tp the President
of the United States; if he approve lie shall
sign it, but if not, he shall return it, with his
objections, to that HouBein which it shall have
originated," &c. Again: " If any bill shall not
be returned by the President within ten days
(Sundays excepted) after it shall have been
presented to him the same shall be a law," &c.
This last provision, as to what shall happen
if a bill shall not be returned by the President
within a certain time, of course refers to the
former one, and means "if it shall not be re-
turned by the President with his objections."
Now, the President does not seem to have any
objections ; at least, if he h^s, he has nofcstated
any to this bill. His message, which is a model
of brevity, says:
To the Senate of the United Stat eg:
I return herewith, without my approval, Senate
bill No. 273, entitled "An act for the relief of B,o]lin
White," for tho reasons set forth in tho accompany-
ing communication, dated December 11,1869, from
the chief of ordnance,
IT. S. GRANT.
Executive Mansion,
Washington, D. C., January 11,1870.
!i Mr, EDMUNDS. Do you meaR that that is
II not a compliance with the Constitution ?
Mr. CARPENTER. I think that is very
doubtful.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then it is a law now.
Mr. CARPENTEE. At all events it is refer-
ring the question from the President's discretion
to the discretion of the chief of ordnance.
Mr. EDMUNDS, Oh, no.
Mr. CARPENTER. I wish to say in addi-
tion that this communication, which stands
substantially as a veto of this bill, appears to
have been written two days before the bill
reached the President. I say that in justice
to the vetoing power and capacity of General
Dyer, because it is manifest that his commun-
ication utterly misapprehends the scope and
object of the bill. He regards it as a bill
