3888
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
Mr. SHERMAN. I give notice that that
proposition, it* persisted in, will create more
debate than any other which could bo pro-
posed to be attached to an appropriation bill,
it involves $500,000. It revolutionizes the
policy of this country from the foundation,
it goes back to a policy adopted by England
alone of all the civilized nations of the world,
and this year abandoned by Eugland. It has
been pronounced against by all the writers on
political economy for the last hundred years.
The proposition is based on the idea that
Government is bound to coin money without
cost, to pay the expense of it. It is a great
Mibject; it will lead to a largo debate. It is a
matter that has often been considered by the
Committee on Finance, often proposed in Cal-
ifornia, but uniformly rejected. It is a sacrifice
of immediate revenue to the extent of about
hall* a million dollars. I trust, therefore, that
it will not be thrust upon this appropriation
bill. If it is, I shall feel it my duty as a member
of the Committee on Finance to debate it at
considerable length. Certainly I shall oppose
it strenuously.
Mr. STEWART. I appeal to the Senator
from California to withdraw his amendment,
although I am sincerely in favor of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair *>ks
tbe Senator from Oregon if the original amend-
ment is reported from the Committee on Fi-
nance, for if so he cannot accept the amendment
of the Senator from California?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I did not accept the
amendment. I stated to the Senator from Cal-
ifornia that so far as I was concerned I was
-willing to agree to it. I am in favor of the
proposition, but the Committee on Finance
have decided against it. I wish to make that
statement, bat individually I am in favor of the
amendment; but I hope the Senator will not
embarrass the amendment offered by me with
the one he proposes, although I am in favor
of the principle.
I wish to correct a statement made by the
honorable chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nanceabout the legislation of England. I have
in my hand a copy of the law just pased by
England, by which all charges for coinage in
the royal mint are abolished. So that they
charge nothing in England at this time for coin-
ing money.
Mr. COLE. I deem it my duty to correct
at least two misstatements made by the chair-
man of the committee. One is that we are
overturning or modifying a policy of the Gov-
ernment that has existed from its foundation.
According to my recollection and the informa-
tion I have received, this coinage charge has
only applied since 1853 in this country. An-
other statement which I regard as not founded
upon an investigation of the facts is that this
will result in an immediate burden upon the
Government amounting to $500,000. The
coinage charge is one half of ono per cent.
Mr. SHERMAN. On gold.
Mr. COLE. On gold; which would only
yield tbe Government S-300,000 in case there
were coined each year $100,000,000, as any
one can see who is conversant with the sim-
plest rules of arithmetic. The coinage of
this country does not amount to $100,000,000
a year, nor to more than a very small propor-
tion of that sum; and the burden upon the
Government instead of being $500,000 a year,
*will be, as I believe, less than $100,000 a year,
because I think the coinage does not amount
to oyer $20,000,000 a year.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will the Sena-
tor yield to me?
Mr. COLE. I will not insist upon stating
anything further at this time if the matter is
i.ot before the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
before the Senate as an amendment to an
amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Mipne. I wish to make
one remark.
Mr. SHERMAN. My statement was liter-
ally true. Although the coiuage is now only
about thirty million dollars) and although the
seigniorage, as it is called, on the gold coiu-
age is only at the rate of one halt per cent.,
the same principle would extend to the coin-
age of silver, the coinage of oopper, and the
coiuage of nickel, on which I can show by
official reports we now derive a profit of
$750,000, or more than enough to pay the
entire Mint charges. Of course if we coin
gold without charge wo must extend it to sil-
ver and the various metals. I can show by
Adam 8mith and all the writers on political
economy that the course of England on that
subject has been denounced; and the chan-
cellor of the exchequer, in a speech made
last August, which 1 think the Senator from
Oregon has read—at least I handed it to him—
favored the resumption of a coinage charge.
I only allude to these facts to show that this
opens a great question.
LEAVE OP ABSENCE.
Mr. WILSON. I ask leave of absence for
several days, I do not know how long.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts asks leave of absence from
the Seuate for several days. The Chair hears
no objection.
UKDUCTION or THE ARMY.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will the Senator
from California yield to me to make a sug-
gestion ?
Mr. COLE. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
from Massachusetts who has just asked leave
of abseoce from the Senate states to me that
he is under an absolute necessity of leaving
for home to-night, and he desires to present
the military bill for the action of the Senate
before he does so. Under these circumstances
I do not feel authorized to press the appropri-
ation bill now before the Senate against his
bill, and hence I appeal to the Senate to lay
aside the appropriation bill informally, that the
Senator from Massachusetts may present his
military bill to the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California being entitled to the floor yields
to the Senator from Maine, who asks unani-
mous consent that the appropriation bill may
be passed over informally for the purpose of
taking up the bill (H. R. No. 987) to reduce
the number of officers in the Army of the
United States, and for other purposes. The
Chair hears no objection, and the bill is before
the Senate, subject to a call for the regular
order. The pending question is on the motion
of tbe Senator from Alabama, [Mr. Warner,]
to strike out the first section of the amendment
of the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. The yeas
and. nays were ordered on that question.
Mr. CASSERLY. They were ordered the
other day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is in-
formed that they have not yet been ordered.
The Senator from Maryland demands the yeas
and nays on the motion to strike out.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HAMLIN. . Before that motion is put
I wish to amend the first section by striking
out "twenty-five" and inserting "thirty."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion is
in order and has priority. The Senator from
Maine moves, before the question is taken on
striking out the first section, to strike out
"twenty-five" and insert" thirty," so that the
reduced Army shall consist of thirty thousand
men. That motion has priority, being in the
nature of perfecting the section.
Mr. POMEROY. I think the chairman of
the committee and those who are familiar with
the subject would be willing to accept that
amendment.
Mr. HAMLIN. He cannot accept it.
Mr. POMEROY. The original amendment
having been reported by the committee, per-
haps it is not in the province of the chairman
to accept an amendment to it; but I am con-
fident from conversations that I have had with
the Military Committee and others they would
be willing to compromise on thirty thousand
men instead of twenty-five thousand, and per-
haps we can agree to that by unanimous con-
sent. I think the chairman of the committee
himself, if ho would express his own opinion
at any rate, would say that the reduction to
thirty thousand would be acceptable.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kansas asks unanimous consent that the chair-
man of the committee may accept the amend-
ment of the Senator from Maine so as to make
the section stand at thirty thousand. Is there
objection?
Mr. WILSON. I should bo very glad to
accept thirty thousand.
Mr. DAVIS. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The original
amendment being the report of a committee,
an amendment to that amendment cannot be
accepted except by unanimous consent. The
Senator from Kentucky objects. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from
Maine.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The section now
stands at thirty thousand, and the question
recurs on striking it out as amended, on which
the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 31 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames. Anthony, Borcman, Drake,
Edmunds, Flanagan, Kellogg, Lewis, McDonald,
Nye, Ramsey, Eiee, Robertson, Ross, Sawyer, Sher-
man, Spraeuo, Stewart, Thayer, Warner, and Wil-
ley—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Brownlow, Casserly, Chandler,
Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Davis, Fenton, Ferry. Ham-
ilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin,
Harlan, Harris, Howard, Howell, Johnston, Mc-
Creery, Morrill ot' Maine, Osborn, Pomeroy. Pratt,
Saulsbury, Schurz, Scott, Sumner, Thurman,Tipton,
Vickers, Williams, and Wilson—31.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Buckingham,
Cameron, Carpenter, Cattell, Cragin, Fowler, Gil-
bert, Howo, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Norton,
Patterson, Pool, Itovels, Spencer, Stockton, Trum-
bull, and Yates—2().
So the motion to strike out was not agreed to.
Mr. FERRY. Mr. President 
Mr. STEWART. Is the first section still
amendable ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The section is
still amendable, but the Senator from Con-
necticut is recognized.
Mr. FERRY. I move to strike out the
eleventh section, if that motion is now in
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Connecticut will reserve that amendment,
the Senator from Nevada desires to still further
amend the first section.
Mr. FERRY. I will reserve it for the pres-
ent.
Mr. STEWART. I move to amend the first
section by striking out " thirty" and inserting
"thirty-four."
Several Senators. That cannot be done.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator can
move to add the word "four," because that
does not strike out anything that has been
inserted. That will be within the parliamentary
rule.
Mr. HAMLIN. I beg tbe Chair's pardon.
The Senate have struck out the original num-
ber and put in a definite sum. They have put
in a fixed sum; and it must stand as that sum,
and cannot be changed.
Mr. EDMUNDS, On a sura, that is so.
Mr. HAMLIN. Oh, yes; there is no doubt
about it. We have struck out certain words
and put in certain words. You cannot change
those words by increasing them or adding an-
other so as to make the amount thirty-four
thousand. The bill must stand in its precise
form. When we come into the Senate the
Senator can then move his amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair agrees
with the Senator from Maine that probably
