1870.
TUB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1501
renewing the patent, whereas it is & bill simply
granting a new trial and conferring that juris-
diction upon the officer to whom the law has i
<rireu the power to hear these questions.
° Now, without knowing or caring anything
about the merits of Mr. White's case, when
he shall reach his case, it does seem to me
that tiio case as he makes it presents a condi-
tion of things which should induce Congress to
give him a fair trial on that question. That
is all this bill proposes to do.
Mr. CRAGIN. Mr. President, with the
strong impressions I have in favor of the jus-
tice of this bill, I shall be compelled to vote
forit, notwithstanding the veto of the President
of the United States. I have no fault to find
with the President for vetoing this measure;
but I must say that I regret that he should have
felt it to be his doty to veto a bill which simply
proposes to give to a citizen of the United
States a new trial, a new hearing before the
Commissioner of Patents.
It is possible that sympathy has something
to do with my views upon this measure, and
that my judgment may be somewhat influenced
by that feeling: bnt I believe that I look at
this question candidly. Rollin White is my
friend. I have known him for fifteen years.
For much of that time he has been my neigh-
bor. I know him to be a good, honest man,
and an upright citizen. I have watched him
during the struggles which he has had under
the operations of these.patents. I have seen
him contending against the men who were
infringing upon his rights. I have seen his
health fail. I have seen him grow crippled by
his exertions in that direction. Therefore it
is not strange that I should have some sym-
pathy for this man.
Last spring, one morning, he appeared at my
hotel and told me that he had been denied the
extension of his patents, and I found him in
such a condition that his mind was bordering
almost upon insanity. I advised him to go
home and to rest, to obtain sleep, and to return
to his family. He told me that he had em-
ployed as his counsel, after Mr. Keller was
taken sick, Mr. Harding, of Philadelphia, and
Mr. Stanton, the son of the late Secretary of
War, and that they proposed to bring the mat-
ter before CongTess. I told him that I believed
he had very good counsel, and I hoped if his
case was a just one that he would succeed;
but he told me that he had failed mainly before
the Commissioner, as he believed, because his
exhibits and proofs had been stolen in New
York, and he was not therefore able to make
out a case.
The Senator from Connecticut says that in
this he was mistaken, and stated what was
not true. I propose to prove that he stated
what was true. The commissioner before
whom the question of the extension went be-
fore it came to the Commissioner of Patents,
on the 23d day of March last made this report
to the Commissioner of Patents:
"In the matter of the application of Rollin White
for the extension of the patent granted to him for
repeating fire-arms, dated April3,1855, No. 12,643.
'The questions which arise in this case are:
" Firgt. Is the invention novel ?
"Second. Is it useful?
" Third. Is itvaluable and important to thepublic?
"Fourth. Has the in ven tor been adequately remun-
erated for his time and expense in originating and
perfecting it?
"Fifth. Has ho used due diligence in introducing
his invention into general use?
"To the first question I have to state that this
patent hai been declared to be'good and valid'
by Judge Nelson, in the case of K. Whito et al. vt.
H. Booko et al., and that I am unable to find any-
valid references which were not in evidenee in this
case. I, however, call your attention to a clerical
or typographical error in page 29 in the printed state-
ment of this case, filed by consent, where the number
of the patent adjudicated upon is printed 12,649. It
should be 12,618, which is the number of the patent
in evidence in the case."
Now comes the point.
" The evidence filed by the applicant in thi  ca*e
u almost unintelligible, owing to the entire absence
of the exhibits to which the witnesses refer.
"1 am informed verbally that these exhibits were
abstracted from the effie* of the magistrate before
whom the testimony was taken after tlioy were
packed up for transmission to this office. That the
invention is useful, valuable, and important to the
public, is apparent to my mind, and upon the latter
point there is sufficient testimony from disinterested
parties."
This is signed "Charles Everett, Exam-
iner," and addressed to "Mr. Foote, Commis-
sioner of Patents." To prove the loss of these
exhibits I beg leave to read the affidavit of
Hamilton M. lveefe, of New York:
Socthkrn District of New York,
City and County of New York,
Hamilton M. Kcefe, of the city of N ew York, being
duly sworn, deposes and says:
I am the crier of the United States circuit court
for tho southern district of New York, and have
chargo of all the modelsduring examinations in said
court. Kenneth G. White, esq.. United States com-
missioner, before whom tho to^timony in the matter
of the application of Rollin Whito for an extension
of his patent in fire-arms was taken, instructed mo i
to lock up the models which had been put in evidence '
in this case. 1 did so: put some of them in a trunk
and the rest in a carpet-ba<jr, and locked them up in
a room adjoining tho United States circuit court
room, and to which room no ono had access but my-
self. I had occasion to go into the room on the after-
noon of the 17th of March as late as. five p. m., and
then saw that they (the models) wero all there safe.
I came out and locked tho door.
On the morning of the 18th of March I visited tho
room, and found that during the night it had been
opened by some one and tho trunk broken open,
i most all of the models taken, and the oarpet-baghad
been taken away altogether; said carpet-bag hav-
ing in it exhibits. There was also a valise which
contained books and papers in the case, which had
! been dragged out of the room through tho court-
| room to an open window, where I found it in the
i morning. In the room where these models and
papers were kept wero also a number of valuable
! models in other eases, and a quantity of clothes
< belonging to this deponent, none of which had been
disturbed, X assisted in packing up all tho pistol3
1 and exhibits that I found left after the robbery, and
I have this day delivered all of them to the express
company to be forwarded to the Commissioner of
Patents, at Washington. Bistrict of Columbia.
' HAMILTON M. KEEFE.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 23d day of
! March, 1869. J. F. 6XILWELL,
United State* Commissioner
Southern District of Neio Yorlc.
This was on the 17th day of March last. I
I am credibly informed that there were some
twenty different pistols and a large number of
other models, parts of pistols, stolen at the
time; and the examiner, Mr. Everett, states
that the examination of this case was wholly
unintelligible for the want of those models
and these exhibits which were stolen, and it
was for that reason, and that alone, that Mr.
White came before the Committee on Patents
of this body and asked for a new hearing; and
he was granted that hearing by that committee
and by a vote of the Senate.
Mr. President, at this time there was pend-
ing before the Commissioner an application for
tlie extension of five different patents by Mr.
White, and the opposition that is made by
General Dyer and others is only to one of those
patents; but this bill, which has been vetoed by
the President of the United States, covers all
these cases.
Now, sir, there is not time to go at much
length into the discussion of this question. I
said in the outset that I was personally ac-
quainted with this applicant. I know of my
own personal knowledge that he is to-day
comparatively poor. I know that he has spent
nearly all that he has received by way of roy-
alties in defending his patents. I know that
if this bill fails to pass, and if he fails to pro-
cure his extension, he will be compelled to sell
the house in which he now lives in order to
support his family.
I would state also that Mr. White and
Messrs. Smith & Wesson, and the other party
having the right to manufacture, have leased
to the United, States the right to manufacture
and qse these fire-arms. It is said by the Sen-
ator from Connecticut that a large number of
manufacturing establishments for making these
arms sprang up immediately after the expira-
tion of this patent, and that it would be a
hardship if they were now to be cut short in
their operations. I will say to you, Mr. Pres-
ides^ that nearly all those manufacturers are
the very men who have been for years infring-
ing on the rights of Mr. White, the very men
who had their machinery ready, and who, the
moment they supposed the patent expired, aa
they had a right to do, of course, under tho
laws, went on manufacturing; but they had
notice of this application ; they knew that thia
bill had passed Congress and that it only re-
mained to be submitted to the President at
the beginning of this session, and if they went
into the manufacture under those circumstances
they went in with their eyes wide open, and
there is- therefore no reason why this bill
should be defeated on their account.
I only ask that justice may be done to this
citizen of the United States. I say that he has
not received a sufficient remuneration for the
fifteen years which he has devoted to this sub-
jectandfortheexpensewhich he has incurred;
and I hope, alth^gh perhaps without any
reason, that the Senate may concur with me
and pass this bill, notwithstanding the veto of
the President of the United States. I believe
that the President of the United States got his
impressions in relation to this bill under the
idea that it was an act absolutely extending
this patent before the bill actually reached him,
through General Dyer probably ; but I know
he has no desire to do injustice to any man.
Mr. SCOTT. I desire, before the Senator
from New Hampshire takes his seat, to ask
him a question for information in regard to this
bill, which may have some effect upon my vote
on it. Did Mr. White ask from the Commis-
sioner of Patents a postponement of this hear-
ing on the ground of the absence of his coun-
sel or the loss of his models ?
Mr. CRAGIN. I will say that he could not
make that request, for his patent was to expire
on a given day, and it could not be extended
after that day. It must be extended before that
day or there was a total failure.
Mr. WILLEY. Mr. President, before the
order of the day shall come up I desire to
submit some remarks upon this subject to the
Senate.
Mr. FERRY. I hope the order of the day
may be informally laid aside and that this
case may be concluded. I think we can con-
clude it in a short time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. One o'clock has
not yet arrivbd.
Mr. SHERMAN. How long is this matter
likely to occupy ?
Mr. WILLEY. As far as I am concerned,
not more than ten or fifteen minutes,
j Mr. SHERMAN. The funding bill is the
| special order for to-day, and I desire to proceed
; with it; but I do not wish to interfere with this
i business if it will not take much time.
! The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
> hour has expired, and the unfinished business
' of yesterday, being the bill (S. No. 626) to
: promote commerce among the States and to
cheapen the transportation of the mails and
military and naval stores, is the regular order.
Mr. SHERMAN. If this bill will not take
long I shall not object to its being continued,
j The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill in charge
j of the Senator from Michigan [Mr. ChandUbr]
| is the unfinished business.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to postpone that
'■ with a view to take up the special order,
i Mr. CHANDLER. I am willing that the
i unfinished business should go over informally
: for a short time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Both Senators
' are willing that this matter should be.contin-
ued. It will be subject to a demand for the
J regular order by any Senator. The regular
, order will be passed over informally, and the
veto message of the President on the bill for
1 the relief of Rollin White will be considered
! as before the Senate.
j Mr. WILLEY. I shall detain the Senate
! but a moment or two. The bill itself does not
j seem to be of sufficient importance to com-
I mand the attention of the Senate, and I very
1 much fear that this matter is to be passed upon
