1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4333
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next reso-
lution 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Is it m order
for me now to move to take up the joint reso-
lution to which I have referred ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
it is.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I make that
motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maine moves to proceed to the consider-
ation of the joint resolution reported from the
Committee 011 Appropriations in regard to pay-
ing the expenses of Indian delegations.
Mr. RAMSEY. Was not my motion pre-
viously pending? I hope we shall now be
allowed to take up the bill which I have moved
to take up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that the Senator from Minnesota made
his motion ; the Senator from Illinois then
made a motion which had priority of it. The
Chair then called up the next resolution and
the Senator from Maine took the floor and
moved to postpone the resolution with a view
to proceed to the consideration of the bill in-
dicated by him. The question is on the motion
of the Senator from Maine.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the joint resolution (S. R.
No. 217) to pay the expenses of delegations of
Indians visiting the city of Washington.
The joint, resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate wit hont amendment, ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
c uk tit ac. branch pactfic railkoad.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 409, relating to tho Central^ Branch Union
Pacific Railroad Company. 'This is the bill we
had up yesterday, which was recommitted and
reported back last night, the parties having
agreed ; and I move, that it be taken up.
°Mr. THAYER. I hope tho Senate will not
take up that bill this morning. There are cir-
cumstances connected with it which render it,
in my judgment,, ill judged, at least,^ to proceed
to the consideration of that bill this morning
with this extreme haste. A11 amendment was
offered yesterdity by the Senator from Michi-
gan FMr. Howard] as a substitute tor a large
part of the bill, which 1 thought that he him-
self did not comprehend. The bill was recom-
mitted to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road ; it was reported back last night, and has
come up printed this morning; and I venture
to say that not five Senators have read that
amendment yet. Sir, I do not oppose taking
up the bill at a reasonable time, but 1 do as.c
time to consider it. I have not been able to
read this amendment yet. There arc provis-
ions in it, 1 am informed, which require the
closest consideration.
I will say further, in reference to a state-
ment made yesterday by the Senator from
Michigan, that both roads had agreed upon
amendments which would remove all dithcul-
tics, that one of the parties representing one ot
the roads called upon me not fifteen minutes
ago and stated that one of tlie amendments
which had been agreed upon is not m this
amendment of the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. HOWARD. Let me ask, when was that
information communicated to the Senator from
Nebraska?
Mr THAYER. Fifteen minutes ago.
Mr! HOWARD. Is he at liberty to state by
whom? . .
Mr THAYER. By a representative ot the
Brownsville and Fort Kearney, and Midland
Pacific roads, in the State of Nebraska.
Mr. HOWARD. I have a written stipula-
tion as to the agreement between the roads
■which are concerned in this bill, which I will
read if necessary. .
Mr. THAYER. I will merely state this tact;
there is an extraordinary haste about this move-
ment. I am not making these remarks for the
sake of opposing the taking up of the bill; I
shall not object to its being taken up when we
have had a little time to consider. That is all
I ask.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator must know
that we have had a great deal of time. Two
years this bill has been pending.
Mr. THAYER. This is an entirely new
proposition. One of the objectionable features
is that it is not limited to the' odd sections.
The result of it, if passed, will bo to take a
solid belt of land. The Senator from Michigan
stated to me yesterday when I raised that point
that he had" an amendment which provided
that not an aero of land should be taken in
Nebraska; but afterward he found that he was
mistaken. I do not know yet what tho pro-
visions are in the amendment reported; and
it being so intimately connected with the State
which 1 have the honor in part to represent, I
ask a little time at least for consideration. I
hope the Senate will not take it up this morning.
Mr. POMEROY. The phraseology of this
bill, so far os making up compensation for
deficient lands is concerned, is precisely the
same as that of tho Nebraska bill, which the
Senator says he wants passed. He has pre-
cisely the same phraseology in that bill that
there is in this. 1 want the Senate to consider
it for the sake of taking the vote upon it. So
far as the lands are concerned it is a matter
of very little importance; but this company |
want to get at making conncction and closing I
up their work. There is not land enough in j
tho bill now to quarrel over. _ j
It is verv important to the interests of the i
State which I have the honor in part to rcpre- !
sent that tho, bill be acted upon, and acted upon j
at once. There has not a bill passed this ses- ,
sion relating to lands in the State ot Kansas, j
We have passed the Nebraska bill and other j
! bills. The Senator from Nebraska has^ had j
a bill passed without opposition containing |
more than four times this quantity of laud, and
so have other Senators. I ask that we may
proceed with the consideration of the bid.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
011 the motion to take up the bill.
The motion was agreed to —ayes thirty, noes
not counted ; and the Senate, as in Committee
of tho Whole, resumed the consideration of
the bill (S. No. 4(59) relating to the Central
Branch Union Pacific Railroad Company.
The amendment, reporled by the Cominiltee,
011 the Pacific Railroad was to strike out tho
proviso to the original bill, and in lieu thereol
to insert, the following:
Prvvidrd, That no further subsidy in Cnited Stales
bond* shall be allowed to said Central liranch Union
, 1'acitic ltaihuad Company: And pi ovidrd, Thattho
i Central ilraneh [Jnion Pacific Itailroad Cornpanysoall
be allowed, and thereby authouzed.to issueits own
mortgage bonds to an amount not excceums OlM
1 per mile on alt tlia.t portion of lUl-oad upon which j
: 110 United States bond-; hare been issued: An4 tiro- |
! v'ukd. That there shall he, and are hereby, reserved 1
i from the giant, to t aid Central .Branch Union Pacific
I' ltailroad Company nil feci ions or parts ot sections ,
of land designated by odd number;-, situate Witain j
the 1 unitsol the Stale ot .NobrasKa; a!-o any sections |
or parts of sections ot land dc-ngna'cd by or,d mun- |
bers, to which the S'. .Joseph and Denver City Iv.ul-
road Company may become entitled on complying j
with the p.o\isions of the acl ot Congress, apper- J
taining to said St. Joseph and In over I i!y katno.id ;
Company, approved July -•*>, biti >, anu tyin^c witdin |
tho limits ot twenty mile? on each side, ol tne route .
of the St. Joseph and Denver City railroad, as now ,
designated and bled with the bceictary of the inte-
rior: Ard providxd Ju.rilur, Ttiat wnere, tho united
States have sold or disposed o[ any sot tious or pan
under its corporate seal, and file the same m the
Department of the Interior, and thereby doolaro
that it accepts tho same in full satisfaction of all its
claims, of whatever nature arising out of or by rea-
son of the passage of said act of July 3. low;, and
shall also within the six months aforesaid,designate
the general route of its road, as near as may be, and
file a map of the same in the Department of the
Interior, whereupon tho Secretary of tho Interior
shall cause tho lands to be withdrawn from sale, home-
stead settlement, and preemption.
Sec. 0. A nd be it further enacted, That this act snail
take effect from and alter its passage.
Mr. SHERMAN. This amendment is said
to be reported from the Committee oil the
Pacific Railroad. I would ask my honorable
friend from Michigan when tho Committee on
the Pacific Railroad acted 011 it V
Mr. HOWARD. The committee acted on
it yesterday after the Senate had ordered a
recommittal of the bill to the committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask if the members of
the committee were notified of the meeting?
Mr. HOWARD. They were called upon,
and a majority of the committee signed the
report; allowed the report to be made which I
presented yesterday.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask my honorable
friend why 1 was omitted from the uotice?
Air. HOWARD. I do not know. My direc-
tion was that each member should be called
upon.
Mr. POMEROY. T can state that the Sen-
ator from Ohio was temporarily absent in his
committee-room, I buppose, at the moment.
Mr. HOWARD. The probability was that
the person who had the paper in charge was
not able to find the Senator. I do not know
what the fact was ; but my direction was that
eachmemberof the committee should be waited
upon to get his opinion.
Mr. HAltLAN. With the honorable Sen-
ator's leave, 1 think I ought to explain that, I
! consulted with some of the members^ of tho
j committee myself, and was unable to find the
honorable Senator from Ohio at, the time. I
! think I10 was not in his seat at the time, not in
1 the Chamber.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 was in the I'imitice
Committee, engaged. 1 make no complaint,
because, if 1 had 'been present my vote would
probably not have changed the result. I only
allude to it to explain that 1 am not respons-
ible for these changes in the bill, which, as I
shall show, are ot a very extraordinary char-
acter. Tins amendment was introduced yes-
terday and referred t.o the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, which committee, I suppose,
was convened by an informal notice not com-
municated to all the members ot the commit-
tee, and it was agreed to as the action of the
committee hurriedly, during the session of the
Senate yesterday, and without notice to ail the
members of tSie committee. I was engaged in
official duties in the eommittee-room assigned
to the Committee 011 hhnance. I do not com-
plain of this, and only mention it to show that
t had no opportunity to give this proposition
an examination carefully. I have looked
it cursorily this morning, and 1 shall consider
idv duty fully discharged when I call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the. extraordinary provis-
ions of this amendment; and then it will be
for the Senate to say whether or not they will
, adopt it.
: The original bill, as it was first reported, I
! should have been witling to vote for, with one
I amendment. I should be willing to confer on
I this railroad company the ordinary grant of
the odd-numbered alternate sections ol public
serv
tlCia^..^   ~v ■ --- , , - . r
lent amount, of lands is heieoy erantedto stud com-
pany, to bo selected by tho Secretary ni the interior
from the public lands "t the Luited Stages: I ro-
il, That no l.mj siit-H be ]■■■ v:l moic mail
nty-tl vc miles i ,t,,a too I:no ol -aid road,
hie " A nd he it. in, tun- t'n.idcd. Toat the said Cen-
tial ft,ranch Union 1'acilic Railroad Company snail,
I within ."ix io<,nt lis after this act shall ttuje cftect or
I go into opciation, accept the sauie by an instrument
■idn
t wc
make up any deficiency caused by preenij
or homestead claims upon the route to oe pur-
sued, by selecting the odd sections outside o,
the grant within a certain tract of country.
That is the extent to which this company, or
any other company, ought to ask a land gran',
from Congress; and now let us look at the
