2446
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I can answer the ques-
tion. The present salary is $3,500. It was
increased by an act of Congress last year. It
used to be $2,500, but was increased by act of
Congress to $3,500, and now the original ap-
propriation having been made only_ for $2,500
last year, of course there is a deficiency this
year, and this is to cover that deficiency, to carry
out ail act of Congress.
Mr. THURMAN. That is all right,
The reading of the bill was continued. The
next amendment of the Committee on Appro-
priations was, after lino two hundred and ten
to insert:
Now Mcxico Territory:
For compensation and mileago of members of tho
Legislative Assombly, and for contingent, oxpenscs
of the same. $5,000.
The amendnlent was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the Georgia bill is before
the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suggest that
that bill be laid aside informally until this
appropriation bill be finished.
Mr. STEWART. I hope not. Thero arc
other amendments yet to be proposed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine asks unanimous consent to lay aside the
Georgia bill informally. Is there objection?
Mr. DRAKE. I object.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to give notice
of an amendment to this deficiency bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move that all
prior orders be postponed for the purpose of
continuing the deficiency bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I know the importance
of passing this deficiency bill, or some of the
provisions of it. The public service is perhaps
suffering bacause it does not pass; but I do
thiuk we ought to proceed with and finish the
Georgia bill. It is now more than a month
since tho Committee on the Judiciary reported
the Georgia bill to tho Senate, and certainly it
is not our fault that the Senate has not con-
sidered it and disposed of it long ago. I have
tried on every occasion to keep the Georgia
bill before the Senate, and I think we onghi, to
adhere to that measure and finish up the work
of reconstruction before wo go to other busi-
ness, and for one 1 hope we may adhere to I be
Georgia bill, though I dislike very much to
interpose any objection to early action on the
deficiency bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I got the impres-
sion from the course of the debate yesterday,
and from the apparent temper of the Senate,
that it was not expected that we should come
1,o a very speedy vote upon the Georgia bill ;
nor have 1 been able to persuade myself that
it was of the utmost importance that we should
within the next three days even come to a con-
clusion on it. My own opinion about it is that
the public service of tho country will be much
bettor promoted by allowing the Committee on
Appropriations now, for almost the first time
in this session, to occupy an hour or two of tho
time of tho Senate in disposing of a bill which
is absolutely necessary for the demands of the
public service, than it will be by laying aside
that bill now at this stage of the business to
continue tho debate on the Georgia bill.
I hope, therefore, Mr. President, that it will
be the pleasure of the Senate to allow this defi-
ciency bill to progress, and then I have in mind
also the fact that my honorable friend from
Ohio | Mr. Sherman] gave notice yesterday
that he proposed to displace the Georgia bill
by another bill which he deems of such urgency
in a public lespect as to justify him to make
that motion. So haung spent all the time we
have on the Georgia question heretofore, and
(lie Senate being m no temper of mind to vote
upon jl, I submit to the Senate whether it is
not well to remember that it is possible there
may be some other interests in this coun-
'.ry than those connected with Georgia, and
whether it will not be the pleasure ot the
Senate to hear somebody upon some other
question connected with the interests of this
country than that particular question ? I am
only charged with presenting the appropriation
bills, and if the Senate choose to put them
aside they must take the responsibility.
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall undoubtedly vote
for the motion of the honorable Senator from
Maine, liotonly because I think that in this par-
ticular ease the public interests will be advanced
by it, but as «, matter of courtesy and right.
Formerly, and I hope that practice will never
be changed, tho Committee on Appropriations
had thcright to present their bills at all seasona-
ble times; and they oughtto have, unless there is
some strong reason to the contrary, precedence
in disposing; of their business, because it is of
the highest importance, as a matter of course,
to pay such sinus of money as are neccssary to
carry on the service of tho Government, post
poning general matters of discussion for other
times.
I think also the public interests will be pro-
moted by postponing the Georgia bill for a low
days, for manifest reasons. In the first place,
the debate yesterday developed the fact that
the Senate is not prepared to vote upou-it.
There is no such pressing necessity for a vote
on tho Georgia case as upon many other bills
which might be mentioned. There is a great
diversity of opinion in the Senate, and I think
a little time will tend rather to harmonize than
to widen this feeling about the Georgia bill.
Besides, several Senators, six, I believe, in
number, are compelled to leave here to-mor-
row, all of whom wish to participate in the vote
on the Georgia bill. Their absence will prob-
ably be for the whole of this week. Now, I
suggest to the honorable Senator from Illinois
whether it would not be better, without con-
suming time in a struggle over these different
bills, to let the Georgia case go over until
Monday-/
I will state also that the bill in regard to the
income tax involves very grave considerations
which cannot any longer be postponed. I have
been myself rather guilty of neglect in the
hope that we could tide over the income tax
bill until the general revenue bill came from
the House of Representatives ; but now every
day's delay creates probable litigation and con-
troversy in more than a thousand cases. Tho
great corporations of the country now are refus-
ing to pay the tax oil dividends, on the ground
that the persons to whom the money is due are
demanding their dividends without deducting
the tax, thus creating great contrariety of
opinion. I have here a long printed argument
filed on behalf, I think, of the Pennsylvania
Central Railroad, justifying their refusal to pay
the dividend tax. There is a" considerable
doubt in tho minds of tho best lawyers as to
whether the dividend tax is now eniorced, or
whether there is any proper provision to secure
it. Xhe internal revenue officers are ill doubt
whether lo make seizures under the revenue
law or not. It is one of those cases that ought
to be decided at once, whichever way it is
decided.
Jftho income tax for this year is to be col-
lected, it ought to be made so plain and ob-
vious that there can be no controversy about
it. If the tax is to be repealed, it ought to be
repealed at once, so that citizens will not be
put to expense and delay. I have here the
letters of the proper officers of the Treasury
Department begging me to call the attention
of the Senate to the subject, and showing the
importance of immediate action, and the Com-
mittee on Finance, by a unanimous vote, have
directed me to press the matter on the atten-
tion of the Senate, on the ground of its imme-
diate pressing importance ; and every day's
delay creates very serious embarrassments to
the public officeis.
There can be no great harm, it seems to me,
in postponing the Georgia case, which must
bo settled at some time, until some day next
week. Let it stand at the head of the list of
special orders, and let this week be devoted to
the consideration of bills from the Committee
on Appropriations and the income tax bill. I
hope the income tax bill will not take very
long, because, so far as 1 am concerned, I in-
tend to confine its terms simply to the income
tax of this year, leaving the question of the
future income tax to be decided when the gen-
eral revenue bill comes to us.
Mr. DRAKE. I will inquire of the Chair
whether; if the Georgia bill is passed over now
or postponed, it does not lose its place entirely
as a special order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It does not.
Having been made a special order by a two-
thirds vote, the specialty still attaches to it;
but the Chair will state that in his opinion,
although this is perhaps anticipating, if the
Georgia bill should be postponed until Mon-
day, and the other business should be com-
pleted that is now sought to be completed,
that is, the approbation bill and the income
tax bill, the special orders in regard to the
North Pacific Railroad Co mpany and the frank-
ing4>ill) if they are reached before Monday,
would have priority over the Georgia bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. A majority of the Senate
can take it up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Georgia bill
would still remain a special order, however.
Mr. CONKLING. Would not unfinished
business also have precedence ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Yes; the rule
is positive in regard to that. Whatever is left
as unfinished business at any adjournment has
priority over special orders the next day.
Mr. DRAKE. The remarks of the chair-
men of the Committee on Appropriations and
the Committee on Finance are certainly enti-
tled to the gravest consideration, and I am
disposed to let the Georgia bill go over to make
way for those gentlemen who have the meas-
ures in charge to which they have called our
attention, provided it does not get thrown clear
out of place in such a way that we cannot
without difficulty get it back into place again.
I hope the Senator from Ohio will arrange it
in such a way that it will not lose its place per-
manently.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to the Senator
from Missouri that a majority of the Senate
may at any time postpone a special order, un-
finished business, or anything else. As a mat-
ter of course in a case like the Georgia bill,
where everybody knows it must bo acted ou, a
majority of tho Senate would take it up at any
time it was so disposed ; it could be placed at
any time at the head of the list. For myself,
as against anything that was not immediately
pressing, I would vote to take up the Georgia
bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair, con-
tinuing his reply to the Senator from Missouri,
will state that it would be subject to the unfin-
ished business of Saturday evening or Friday
evening, whichever should be the end of the
week's session, but when that unfinished busi-
ness was reached on Monday at one o'clock
the Georgia bill could by a majority vote be
taken up, the unfinished business or the special
order being first postponed by a like vote.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to make a sugges-
tion to the Senator from Ohio. It seems to me
that his proposition would have been quite iu
place before the Georgia bill had been taken
up and the debate commenced, or it would be
in place to-morrow.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to my honor-
able friend that I went to the chairman of the
Committee on the Judiciary 'and stated the
tacts in regard to this income tax bill, and ex-
pressed my hope that he would allow me with-
out any controversy to have that taken up and
acted upon; but the Senator from Illinois
thought the Georgia bill might be disposed of
in a day or two. I did not wish any struggle
about tho order of business, and therefore I
allowed the Georgia bill to go on. I now Icel
that I am compelled by direction of the Com-
mittee on Finance to present the matter to the
