1502
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2A,
and the bill is to be defeated simply because it
has been vetoed by the President of the Uni-
ted States. I am afraid that the attention of
the Senate cannot be attracted to the point at
issue in this matter sufficiently to enable it to
form any opinion whatever 011 the real merits
of the subject, and that we are to be carried
heedlessly along on the veto message simply
becanse the bill has been vetoed, aud upon the
impression that the matter in and of itself is
of so little importance as to be unworthy of
deliberate consideration.
But, Mr. President, there is a principle in-
volved here that in its practical application
may become very important to a great many
citizens of the United States. Evidently the
President has proceeded, as General Dyer pro-
ceeded, upon the hypothesis that if this bill
were allowed to becomc a law the extension
of the patent by virtue of the bill would take
place. Most unquestionably General Dyer
did not seem to perceive the fact that the
operation of the bill was simply to refer for
examination, to the officer provided by the Gov-
ernment to make it, the question whether the
party was entitled to an extension of his patent
or not; and I beg the Senate to take time to
consider that question. This is not a bill per-
emptorily to extend the patent of Mr. White.
It does not have that effect at all. It is a bill
to give Mr. White a hearing before the Com-
missioner of Patents, to enable him if he can
to show that he is entitled to have his patent
extended; and if he cannot show before that
officer, appointed by the Government for the
very purpose of making such examination, that
he is entitled to that extension, of course the
extension will not be granted, and then the
effect of this veto message will be accom-
plished.
Now, Mr. President, I think we ought to
pause before we allow a military officer of this
Government upon his own mere motion to
interpose and arrest the legislation of Con-
gress by substituting himself for the legally
authorized and appointed officer of the Gov-
ernment whose duty it is to examine into all
such questions. What right had General Dyer
to interpose his authority here? And if he had
the right or assumed the right, why did he not
proceed according to the law in the case ? If
he is to substitute himself as the Commissioner
of Patents to examine into such matters, why
did he not give the other party notice to come
before him to be heard? Why did he assume
not only to discharge the duties of another offi-
cer of the Government, duties not pertaining
to his position at all, but to do it upon ex parte
testimony, without giving the other party any
notice of what he was doing? I think, sir,
that we ought to pause before we allow our-
selves to be influenced by the action of an offi-
cer of this Government in such a summary and
unauthorized mode as this. What does he
assume to do? He decides upon ex parte tes-
timony that Mr. White has received $71,000 as
his compensation growing out of this patent,
and that that sum is a sufficient compensation
for the value of the invention.
Well, now, sir, is that a fact? It may be a
fact that Mr. White has received that sum in
the aggregate; but that is but one side of the
case. General Dyer does not appear to have
taken into consideration at all the expenses
of Mr. White f he does not attempt to ascertain
what his net receipts have been, what his net
compensation has been after deducting ex-
penses. He does not, so far as I can see, allow
anything for expenses at all in estimating
White's net receipts; but simply advises the
President that Mr. White has received $71,000
of compensation, and that this sum is amply
sufficient compensation.
But what are the facts in the case? Hero is
Mr. White's affidavit, showing that although
he received $71,000 compensation he has been
at an expense of about sixty thousand dollars.
That is his affidavit, and he gives the items
showing the important fact that the net com-
pensation he has received amounts to little
over ten thousand dollars.
Now, sir, this is the result of an ex parte
examination by an officer who had no official
authority to make the examination, and who,
from the nature of his education and of his
duties, was not prepared to make a proper
and scientific or a satisfactory examination at
all in such a case. The law has provided the
officer who is to make such examinations. I
think, then, that the Senate ought not to allow
these officers of the Government to assume a
jurisdiction that does not belong to them, and
to attempt to advise the President of the United
States in regard to matters which they do not
understand, and that, too, upon ex parte testi-
mony.
Now, sir, as to the real grounds of this appli-
cation here, what are they ? They are grounds
that would appeal to a judge of a court for a
new trial and nothing more. I shall not dis-
cuss whether this is a veto message or not. It
certainly is a very informal one. But grant-
ing that such was the design of it, and that such
would be the effect of it, what is the real ques-
tion at issue here ? It is, ought Mr. White to
have a rehearing of this case ? And what are
the facts in the premises? They are that
while this application was on file before the
Commissioner he became sick, and his family
sick, and he thereby became incapacitated from
attending to his case as he ought to have
attended to it.
Now, let Senators remember, this is the law:
that where a party applies before the Commis-
sioners for an extension of his patent he must do
it within ninety days before its expiration. He
must give due notice, and unless the patent is
renewed before the expiration of those ninety
days his right to apply before the Commis-
sioner is gone forever, and his patent is gone
forever. This applicant comes in here and
shows that in "the exercise of due diligence he
did file his application; that in the exercise of
due diligence he had prepared himself with
testimony, and that he was prepared to place
that testimony before the Commissioner of
Patents, but that while it was in his carpet-bag
his models and other testimony were stolen; and
in consequence of these facts, and the indispo-
sition of himself and family, he had not a fair
trial before the Commissioner, he had not the
evidence before the Commissioner upon which
he relied to show that he had grounds to have
his patent extended.
It is not a question of whether he could have
shown such grounds or not. It is not a ques-
tion ofwhether the Commissioner shall perempt-
orily extend this patent or not. That is alto-
gether within the control of the Commissioner
upon the evidence adduced before him. The
ground of the application is, shall we allow
this applicant to have a fair opportunity of
making his application, which he was prevented
from doing by providential dispensations, by
by the theft of his models and of his testimony,
as he has stated?
If the Commissioner shall be of the opinion,
as some Senators seem to think is tho fact, that
there is 110 value in this patent, that he is not
entitled to have it extended, that is a question
for him to d ecide. He is appointed and selected
for that purpose, and it is to be presumed that
he can decide that question better than any
other officer; better than the Senate; better
than General Dyer; better than the President
of the United States. He is the officer ap-
pointed to make such examinations. All that
is asked on the part of the applicant is that he
may have a fair opportunity to be fairly heard;
to supply before the Commissioner the lack of
testimony which he wanted before; to supply
the models that were stolen, and to supply the
depositions and other testimony which were
stolen at the time he made his former applica-
tion. Is that unreasonable? Is it not such
a case as any court under tho circumstances
would grant a new trial? I think it is, and
therefore, without going into the examination
of this case any further, I feel disposed to sub-
mit it to the Senate.
Mr. FOWLER. How did General Dyer
come to make this examination?
Mr. WILLEY. The Senator from Tennessee
| asks how General Dyer came to make this
j examination. I cannot tell how it was. I
1 only find at the cohclusion of his letter, under
the date of December 11, 18G9, addressed to
the Secretary of War, this:
i " For those reasons I respectfully request that you
will call tho attention of the President of tho United
States to this subject before he acts upon the bill
which is now before him."
Who called General Dyer's attention to the
subject I do not know, or how his attention
I became attracted to the subject I do not know.
It is certain that he called the attention of the
, President to it, and upon an ex parte state-
ment containing the extraordinary allegation
that the profits of this claimant were $71,000,
and that, perhaps, on this ground the Presi-
dent returned the bill without his approval,
" whereas the facts show, according to the affi-
! davit of Mr. White himself, that the net profits
of his patent amounted to a little more than
: ten thousand dollars.
j Mr. FERRY. Will the Senator from West
i Virginia inform me where he obtains the in-
formation that the nrofits of Rollin White were
but $10,000?
Mr. WILLEY. From his own affidavit.
Mr. FERRY. Do you mean the yellow-
covered pamphlet which is laid on our tables ?
■ Mr. WILLEY. Yes, sir.
Mr. FERRY. I ask the question because
there is on the file here among the papers from
th« Patent Office Mr. White's affidavit, in which
he stated his receipts at over seventy thousand
dollars, and his expenditures at $22,000, leav-
ing a balance of net receipts of nearly fifty
, thousand dollars. The statement in this affi-
1 davit here is not true if the statement he made
i in the Patent Office last spring is true.
Mr. WILLEY. Mr. President, I understand
that there is an item of $88,321 08, being
expenses of litigation, &c., which, owing to
the illness of Mr. White as aforesaid, could
not be presented before the Commissioner of
Patents, to the truth and exactness of which
the applicant makes oath, and that was part
of the evidence which he had in his carpet-sack,
as I understand, which was stolen, and he
now makes oath to the aggregate of items of
$38,321 08 as being a part of the testimony
which he could not lay before the Commis-
sioner when the application was made, at the
time it was made. So I understand his affidavit.
I know nothing about the facts of this case.
I am only speaking of it as it appears on the
record and as it is presented, and I am only
insisting that in my view Mr. White ought to
be allowed to make this application, on the
ground that he was prevented, as seems to be
admitted on all hands, from having his testi-
mony fully before the Commissioner at the time
of the previous application. It does not follow
because the application will be again made
that the patent will be extended. That is a
matter for the Commissioner to judge of; but
not having had a fair opportunity to make his
case before the Commissioner heretofore, all
that this bill does or permits is to allow him to
have a fair opportunity now ; and if he cannot
show himself entitled to an extension the mat-
ter is ended.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I have no doubt that
the_ Senators from Wisconsin and West Vir-
ginia have stated the case properly; that this
is not a question of renewal, but simply a
question whether the patentee, Rollin White,
shall have a new hearing before the Commis-
sioner ; but the Senate should take into con-
sideration the consequences of such a hearing
or the probable consequences which may result
from it.
The patent of Rollin White expired with the
3d day of April, 1869. He then ceased to be
the proprietor. This patent was then open for
