5278
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
one hundred and four and one hundred and
five, by striking out " $15,000" and inserting
" §25,000and I hope my friend from Michi-
gan, as we are amending the bill, will not
object to this. If amended as I propose, the
clause will read:
For improvement of Burlington harbor, Vermont,
625,000.
The estimate from the board of engineers is
$75,000. This improvement is a breakwater
■which has to be built of cribs loaded with stone
and sunk in the lake in front of the wharves;
and to build one crib and put it in place re-
quires more than fifteen thousand^ dollars, so
that they cannot with this appropriation build
a single crib, and the appropriation of $15,000
would be entirely useless. One crib can be
built about one hundred feet in length and
sunk for $25,000. The amount of duties col-
lected in that district, although not all of them
but the largest portion of them at that port,
was last year $708,059 50. So Senators will
see that it is a place of very considerable com-
merce; nearly a million dollars a year of
duties, and this year it will be probably quite
$1,000,000. 1 trust the Senator from Michi-
gan, as we are amending the bill, will consent
to this.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPENCER. I move on page 0, section
two, line nineteen, to insert "the Tombigbee
river, in Alabama and Mississippi, from its
mouth to the head of navigation." This is only
to insert that among the rivers to be surveyed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CORBETT. I offer the following amend-
ment for surveys simply ; no additional appro-
priation is required. These words are to be
inserted in the second section:
For the survey of the Willamette river above Oro-
gon City; for the survey of Umpqua river, Oregon.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSTON. If it is in order I should
like to renew the amendment which 1 offered
and which has been voted down.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It can be done
in the Senate. The bill is now in Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. HAMLIN. Inasmuch as the Senate is
amending the bill at all localities, I offer the
following:
For the improvement of the Potomac river between
tho Long Blidgo, in Washington, and the city of
(ieoigetowu. in the District of Columbia. 850,000.
I wish to say that the Long Bridge has mate-
rially obstructed the navigation of the river,
in addition to the obstruction which the bridge
itself forms, between the bridge and George-
town, winch was formerly the principal port
from tlie mouth of this river to its source. I
hesitate not to say that no amendment has been
adopted to-day of more merit than this.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. VICKERS. I beg leave to offer the
following amendment, merely for a survey, to
add at the end of the second section, after the
word "Massachusetts," the words "the har-
bor of Cambridge, in Maryland, and the harbor
of Queenstown, in Maryland."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPENCER. I offer as additional sec-
tions the following:
Sv.C. —. And be it further enaotpd, That an net enti-
tled "An aetto establish and declare the railroad and
"bridges of the New Orleans, Mobile, and Chattanooga
Railroad Company, as hereafter constineled, a post
road, and for other purposes," approved March 2,
1808, is hereby so amended as to require the Jfevr
Orleans, Mobile, and Chattanooga Haiti uadCompany
to construct and maintain a draw-bridge, which when
open shall give a clear space for the passage of ves-
sels of not less than one hundred and fllty teet, ia
the channel of the Great, Rigolet; audsaid draw-
bridge shall be located in mid-channel, withdraw and
piers in the direction of the currents, and a.t a dis-
tance of ntit less than a mile and a half from the east
end of the Great Rigolet; and said company shall at
all Limes open the said draw-bridge, and shall pro-
vide all necessary and convenient tacihties tor the
safe and speedy passage of all vessels requiring tlie
same.
Sec. —. And he it further enacted, That the railroad
company shall submit to the Secretary of Warfor his
approval apian, with the necessary drawings, of their
bridge, in a new location, conforming to the above
requirements; and until the Secretary of War ap-
proye the plan and location of said bridge, and notify
the company of the same in writing, the bridge shall
not be built or commenced; and should any change
be made in the plan of the bridge during the progress
of the work thereon, such change shall be subject
likewise to the approval of the Secretary of War.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted. That Congress
shall have power at any time to alter, amend, or
repeal this act.
I dislike to offer this as an amendment to
this bill; but owing to the short duration of
the session I have thought it best to do so.
It is germane to the river and harbor bill. Its
object is to compel this railroad company to
build such draw-bridges as will admit of the
navigation of the rivers over which its road
crosses. This bill, which I now offer as an
amendment, has been recommended by Gen-
eral Humphreys, and I would ask that his
report be read. The Clerk has it, and it will
explain the necessity of this measure.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is not worth while to
read the report. The engineers report in its
favor, and I do not object.
Mr. WARNER. I should like to know the
facts in regard to this matter.
Mr. SPENCER. That is the reason I want
the report read.
Mr. WARNER. These bridges are already
built, I believe. Somebody has said to me that
this involves the tearing down of bridges
already built. I do not know anything about
the merits of the case.
Mr. CHANDLER. The bridges are not
yet built, and the engineers report in favor of
this amendment.
Mr. SPENCER. Let the letter be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Office of the Chief of Engineers,
Washington, D. 0., May 25,1870.
Sir: In reply to tho communication referred to
this office for report, from the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Commerce, United States Senate, of May
5,1870, requesting the views of the Secretary of War
as to tho expediency and necessity of the legislation
proposed by Senate bill No. 878, namely, "To amend
an act entitled 'An act to establish and declare the
raihoad and bridges of the New Orleans, Mobile,
and Chattanooga Railroad Company, as hereafter
constructed, a post road, and for other purposes,'
approved March 2, 1868," I have respectfully to
transmit herewith a copy of report from Brevet
Brigadier General C. B. Reese, major corps of engi-
neers, who was instructed from this office to examine
the subject and report the result.
Three tracings are inclosed, giving the location of
the railroad, the site of the bridge over the Rigolet,
and showing also the direction of the currents in ref-
erence to the direction of the pivot or draw-pier as
located by the railroad company.
It is evident that if the bridge be built upon its
present plan and location it will prove to be a dan-
gerous obstruction to navigation. In my opinion it
should be located not less than a mile and a half
inside tho cast mouth of the Rigolet. The draw
should be placed in mid-channel, its piers should
be placed in the direction of the currents, and the
width of the draw should be not less than one hun-
dred and fifty loot. These requirements are sug-
gested as amendments of the Senate bill, and have
been entered on the copy of it, together with the
condition that the railroad company shall submit to
tho Secretaiy of Wai a plan of their bridge in a new
location conforming to these requirements, together
with necessary drawings; and until the plan and
location are approved by the Secretary of War the
biidge shall not be built.
The communication of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Commerce is herewith returned.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
A. A. HUMPHREYS,
Brigadier General and Chief of Engineers.
lion. W. W. Belkxai', Secretary of War.
Mr. HARRIS. I shall not vote for this
amendment. This railroad between Mobile
and New Orleans is just about being completed.
One at least of these bridges I understand is
completed. I think it would be well to let
this matter go over for this session and see
how much interference with commerce the
bridge will actually be.
Mr. SPENCER. I am astonished at the
Senator from Louisiana, because I have under-
stood from him, in fact, from both Senators
from Louisiana, that they conceived this meas-
uie to be just and right. The object is to
compel the railroad company to build their
bridges with a draw sufficiently wide not to
interfere with the commerce and navigation
of the streams which flow into the Gulf along
the line of the road. I think one bridge is
partially constructed but not completed, and I
understand two of the Morgan line of steamers
have already been seriously injured in trying
to get through the draw. There has been a large
petition, signed by all the commercial men,
both of New Orleans and Mobile, protesting
against the manner in which the bridge has
been constructed. The matter has been fully
and carefully investigated by the Committee
on Commerce. I hope the amendment will
prevail.
Mr. KELLOGG. I only desire to state,
more in explanation than otherwise, of the
connection I have with this proposition, that
there was a long memorial sent here from
Mobile and New Orleans, signed by a large
number of shippers, protesting against this
bridge as an obstruction to commerce. It
'should be remembered, however, that this
bridge has been built by authority of an act of
Congress passed in 1867, when neither Alabama
nor Louisiana was represented in either branch
of Congress. There was no question then as to
whether it would be an obstruction. When
this memorial came here some two or three
months since, the Senator from Alal*aina pre-
sented it, and it was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce. The Committee on Com-
merce referred the whole matter to the chief
engineer of the United States and the Secre-
tary of War. The Secretary detailed an officer
to go down and survey and examine that
bridge as to whether it was an obstruction to
commerce, as declared by the memorialists.
This officer, after an elaborate examination,
made a report to the chief engin«er, who in
return reported to the Secretary of War, and
the Secretary of War, transmitting his report
with the letter that has just been read, recom-
mended that the draw be increased and that
the bridge be removed from its present site a
mile and a half up the Rigolet, which i3 the
entrance to the Gulf of Mexico from Lake
Pontchartrain. It was claimed that it was too
near the mouth of the Rigolet and should he
pushed up a mile and a half; that it was an
obstruction to commerce, because vessels couli
not make an entrance owing to the diverse
winds. •
Now, so far as the merits of the case are con-
cerned, it is before the Senate in the letter
of the Secretary of War and the report of the
engineer. Undoubtedly they report that it is
an obstruction to commerce; but that bridge is
built, or very nearly built; it is so nearly com-
pleted in fact that the piers are built, and I
believe the draw has been contracted for and
is about to be if not already placed upon the
pivot; but the Secretary of War says, and so
does the engineer, that that draw is not suffi-
cient, that it should be much longer. The draw
they have now ordered, according to this letter,
is an impediment to commerce.
If, in the judgment of the Senate, this mat-
ter could consistently be passed over until the
question of its being really an impediment to
commerce could be tested itwould be very well;
but I leave the whole question to the Senate.
Mr. CHANDLER. If this leads to debate
I will appeal to my friend from Alabama to
withdraw it.
Mr. KELLOGG. I have nothiug to say
except to explain my connection with it. It
is a matter that embarrasses me somewhat,
because I have the railroad company and their
interests on the one side, and I have the shippers
and their multifarious interests on the other.
If the draw-bridge is an impediment to com-
merce, that is a question for the Senate to
determine. They must pursue such a course
as seems to them best. I desire to deal justly
by all interests.
Mr. SPENCER. With the permission of
the Senate ■
The VICE PRESIDENT^ The Senator has
spoken twice on this proposition.
Mr, SPENCER. Is there a five-minute rule?
