190
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
who took the life of Socrates because he said
the soul was immortal,- and that there was
only one God, this same blind spirit of fanat-
icism is enabling oar Shylocks to draw the
wealth, the energy, the life-blood of the nation
in drops of bright gold to minister to their
pampered wants and swell their already bloated
wealth.
Rome, for fifteen hundred years mistress of
the world, was in her best days, as our country
lias been for yeargj the arena of contending
factions, and the " majesty of the Roman peo-
ple" —here it is " the loyalty of our Shylocks''—
was their watchword. Although Rome had her
Regulus, her Cato, and lier Cicero, she also had
her Clodius, her Sylla, and her Cfesavs, honored
in their day as the friends of the people.
It matters not whether Marius or Sylla, Ceesar
or Pompey prevailed, the victory was in the
name of liberty; the republic was honored
with a triumph and a clamor of approbation
echoed from the forum and the capitol. Even
Augustus Csesar, absolute as he was, preserved
the forms: and mockery of a republic, just as
the party in power now do; while, by the per-
version of his vast patronage to his own aggran-
dizement, he made an obsequious anp prosti-
tuted Senate the registers of his will, and in the
name of liberty fastened a heavy and enduring
yoke on an applauding populace.
France had herDanton and her Robespierre;
and after the bloody idol of licentious liberty
had crashed its thousands and overturned the
temple of the true God a Pretorian band of
grenadiers delivered over the "republic" to a
Bonaparte, not to a Grant!
Madame Roland, under the guillotine, ex-
claims :
"Ah. liberty! what crimes arc committed in thy
name!"
Mr. FITCH obtained the floor.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I ask the gen-
tleman from Nevada to yield to me for five
minutes.
Mr. FITCH. I will yield for five minutes.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Mr. Chair-
man, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Mungen]
has said, and well said, that he spoke only for
himself. If what he said had not been said
upon the floor of the House, in the presence
of the House, I should not have felt it neces-
sary to disclaim all responsibility for his advo-
cacy of repudiation; and I think I may speak
for the Democratic members of New York city,
as well as for myself, that we never have, never
can be, and never will be repudiators. While
much of what the gentleman said is true, all
that relates to the repudiation we utterly dis-
claim. _ We expect to pay every cent of debt
according to the contract, and under a better
and reduced system of taxation we think it will
bo as easily paid as that of the war of 1812. I
now yield to ny colleague.
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Chairman, upon ques-
tions of public faith and national honor I do
not purpose to let any man decide for me or
any organization to control my vote. I am
not unmindful of some of the evils to which
the gentleman from Ohio has adverted; but
without now referring to them I desire simply
to say that for myself and my constituents I
disclaim the doctrine of repudiation advocated
by the gentleman from Ohio.
^ Mr. RANDALL. I ask the gentleman from
Nevada to yield to me.
Mr. FITCH. For a few minutes.
Mr. RAN D ALL. Mr. Chairman , in the time
allowed me it is hardly possible that I should
follow the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Mungen]
in all his sayings, or what I might mildly term
his political heresies; but for myself—and I
think I can speak for my constituents—I am
utterly opposed to repudiation. But the mo-
ment allowed me gives me the opportunity to
remonstrate against the enunciation of any
scheme of legislation which 1 believe would
place my country in a dishonest attitude before
the world. Not only do 1 believe that we should
pay the debt, but I believe, what is of vastly
more importance, that the country has the abil-
ity, the disposition, and the resources to pay it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FITCH. Iyieldfiveminutesmoretothe
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Randall.]
Mr. RANDALL. I agree with the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Mungen] that the debt
was negotiated at ruinous rates. That is a mat-
ter of just criticism against the party who then
controlled the Government and made the ne-
gotiation. But as regards those who hold
bonds upon which is stamped the faith and
credit of the country, I say repudiation stands
in no other light except the light of dishonesty.
In saying this I but repeat what I have said
before my constituents. But, sir, I do not appre-
hend half the danger from speeches such as
that of the gentleman from Ohio that I do
from the extravagance, from the corruption,
from the undue and unequal taxation which
has been placed upon the statute-book by the
majority of this House. I have a vast deal
more apprehension of the growth of the spirit
of repudiation from that cause. Again, the
same thing is to be apprehended when the
majority stand up here and defend one of the
most crushing, one of the most wasteful monop-
olies—the banking interest of this country.
The same thing is to be apprehended from the
legislation there has been with the view of
making the few rich at the expense of the
many. I believe that in the interest of my
country there should be no question about pay-
ing the entire principal of the public debt. I
yield to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Slocum.]
Mr. SLOCUM. I am glad that the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Mungen] in the remarks
he addressed to the House declared that he
represented no party. I represent on this floor
a congressional district which pays more into
the United States Treasury in the shape of
taxes than some two or three of the western
States combined; and I say that any man
repudiating or favoring any measure looking
towards repudiation, either directly or indi-
rectly, represents no party in that district, and
I may say no people residing in it. I say
further, that no political tie, no hope of party
advancement will ever induce me, for one, to
favor either directly or indirectly any measure
calculated to impair the obligations which our
Government incurred in the suppression of the
rebellion. I here repudiate all repudiators on
behalf of the Democracy that I represent.
Mr. FITCH. I yield one minute to the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr.]
Mr. KERR. While I remember very well
that my friend from Ohio [Mr. Mungen] did
us on this side the justice to remark that in
whatever he was about to say he would attempt
to bind nobody but himself, yet I think it is an
act of duty to myself and those I represent, and
I believe—and I say it with becoming modesty—
to the whole Democratic party of this country,
to say that I do not indorse repudiation in any
form, and that I do not believe that that great
and honorable party of which I have the honor
to be an humble member indorses any such
theory. While I approve of very much of
what my friend from Ohio has said, and while
I believe that there is very great truth in much
that he has said, I think it is my duty to say as
much as I have now said, to enter my emphatic
disclaimer of the conclusions and theories of
my friend.
Mr. FITCH. I yield to the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Cox. J
Mr. SARGENT. Will this be deducted from
the hour allowed to the gentleman from Nevada.
[Mr. Fitch?]
The CHAIRMAN. Not at all.
Mr. SHANKS. Itis a class-meeting, I under- •
stand. [Laughter.]
Mr. YAN TRUMP. Will the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Cox] yield to me for an
inquiry ?
Mr. COX. I must decline. I wish to sav
j! this, that I do not believe that a single member
j| of the American national Legislature desires
il the American nation to be degraded, either in
its credit or in its honor, before the world or
among its own people. I should be ashamed
to belong to a body where one man for partisan
purposes would desire the impression to go
abroad that for any conceivable purpose we
would desire to breakdown the good name and
fame of our credit. All of our constituents
pay taxes alike, and they pay them for the pur-
pose of sustaining our credit. There are ques-
tions arising to be discussed in this Congress
hereafter as to whether this taxation is inor-
dinate or not; as to whether we cannot reduce
! it; whether it is not now with a full Treasury
! almost an outrage upon the people to add still
' further to their burden. It may be that, as the
gentleman says, we have repudiated the claims
of loyal citizens; in one senserepudiated them.
It may be true also that these bonds were
made for a less consideration than appears
upon their face. It maybe true that our legal
tenders are to-day in a state of repudiation.
You gentlemen on the other side who now
stand around us on this side either have not
the skill or the courage to propose and carry
a plan to redeem that part of the national debt.
As long as you do not pay it it is repudiation.
I denounce this and all other forms of repudia-
tion. I denounce the repudiation either of the
legal tenders or of the bonds in the interest
of the honor and honesty of our people.
I need not, Mr. Chairman, say to you that
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Mungen] is
an honorable soldier and a gentleman. He
belonged to the Army; he fought his fight well.
He is not entitled, as some people are, to any
opprobrium in respect to his patriotism.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from New York a question.
Mr. COX. I will hear it.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman, in connection with what he has said
about greenbacks, how far and to what extent
he differs from his late colleague, Mr. Pen-
dleton?
Mr. COX. I am not arguing now on Mr.
Pendleton's theory or his interpretation of the
contract, as the gentleman knows very well.
Mr. DAWES. That was the reason I put
the interrogatory.
Mr. COX. I might not have approved of
Mr. Pendleton's interpretation of that contract,
and yet if I had approved of it it would not
have been repudiation. The gentleman has
my answer, but that does not pertain to this
question.
Mr. DAWES. It was because I saw that the
gentleman was not arguing Mr. Pendleton's
theory that I put the interrogatory to him. I
desire to get his views in this connection as
having some bearing upon the credit of the
United States, as we are all desirous of sustain-
ing it and preventing it from being degraded.
I should like to hear how far he repudiates
Mr. Pendleton upon that point, if he will do
us the favor to tell us.
Mr. COX. I understand the astuteness of
the gentlemen from Massachusetts. He has
been doing by this question just what I feared
some one would do, endeavoring to make a
party question of it. So far as Mr. Pendleton's
theory is concerned, I do not know that it is
peculiar to him. I presume there are gentle-
'j men on the other side of the House who agree
i' with him. I refer to a distinguished gentle-
| man, one of the gentleman's own colleagues,
'j the great moralist of New England. [Laugh-
'i ter.] He agrees with Mr. Pendleton on that
;[ subject.
I Mr. DAWES. He is not in the House now,
and that was the reason I put the interrogatory.
■ I Mr. COX. The former distinguished states-
;j man from Pennsylvania, Mr. Stevens, gave the
| same interpretation. Was he a repudiator?
il Is Mr. Morton, of Indiana, a repudiator? I
jj am not arguing so as to show that the theory
II of Mr. Pendleton, or Mr. Buti.eh, or anybody
