8890
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
will not disgrace every man that is dismissed ?
Nobody can be turned out, then, unless he be
a disreputable man and be disgraced.
Mr. 1IAML1N. I do not want anybody else
to go out.
Mr. TllUMBULL. Such persons may be
discharged from the service now. I do not j
understand the words " unfit for the proper
discharge of their duties" in so broad a sense ;
as the Senator from Maine does. I do not
suppose that because an officer of the Army,
otherwise qualified and perfect in every respect,
an accomplished officer and a brave man, had
lost an arm on the field of battle, any general j
commanding the Army would recommend him ;
as unlit for service. That is not the meaning ,
of the word " unfit" in this connection. He
would be the last person that the commanding j
General or the commander of any department 1
would think of reporting to the Secretary of
War as unfit for the service. That class of
persons who would be embraced doubtless under
the amendment of the Senator from Maine are
those who would be reported ; but I would not
like to have the section passed in a form that
necessarily disgraced every man dismissed.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, it seems
to me that this section is defective in this: that
it makes no discrimination whatever between
unfitness for service caused by the officer's own
misconduct and unfitness caused by no mis-
conduct of his, but owing to his service in the j
Army, either wounds or disease happening to '
him in the service of the country; but here is i;
ah absolute power given to the President to |
retire all alike, those disqualified by their own
bad habits and those disqualified by wounds or j
disease incurred in the service of the country.
I do not think that is right; but I think a dis-
crimination ought to be made. I do not think,
however, it would berightto adopt the amend-
inent suggested by my friend from Maine, and
that for the reason stated by the Senator from
Illinois; but I am willing to trust the President
with adiscretion which will enable himto retire
all such as by their own misconduct are unfit
for service and to place on the retired list, on
precisely the same footing as those provided
for in section three, those who have become
unfit for service by means of wounds or disease
incurred in the service of the country; and for
that purpose I shall offer theamendment which
I send to the Chair, to come in at the end of
the eleventh section.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator j
from Maine [Mr. Hamlin] has moved an j
amendment.
Mr. THURMAN. I will offer it if he will I
withdraw his, or it can be read for information. [
Mr. HAMLIN. Let it be read first.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Itwillbereported J
for information. _ i
The Chief Ci.erk. At the end of section
eleven the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Thurman]
wishes to insert:
Or may retire them on the same terms, as to pay
and emoluments, as are provided in section three of
this Act.
Mr. THURMAN. That will enable the
President of the United States to discriminate
between those who onght to be absolutely dis-
missed from the service because of their unfit-
ness, and because they have no claim upon the
country to be retained in the service, and those
who have become disqualified without fault of
theirs, disqualified by their very service either
by disease or by wounds incurred in war; and
that will enable the President to do it. I am
wilting to trust that in his hands. I have no
doubt he would exercise that discretion prop-
erly as a President and military man, as he is,
ought, to do; and I think that is the safest
way to tru«tthia in his hands. If that be done,
then officers who have become disqualified
by wounds received in the service or owing to
sickness incurred in the service may be placed
on the retired list on the same conditions as
the officers who have served thirty years, pro-
vided for in section three( and I for one am
perfectly willing to place in that position any
man who has become unfit for service owing to
wounds he has received, or owing to sickness
incurred in the service of the country.
Mr. CORBET!. I understand that under
the act referred to in the proviso to section four
there are now retired about one hundred and
seventy-five officers. This increases the num-
ber to three hundred. This is in order to give
the opportunity that those officers may be
retired who are worthy, as provided in that
section ; and the eleventh section is, I suppose, ,
intended to meet certain cases that are not I
provided for in any other portion of the bill, j
Under section four there can be added to the
retired list one hundred and twenty-five offi- ;
cere ; consequently I see no necessity forstrik- i
ing out or amending the eleventh section, but
I prefer to leave it just as it is. j
Mr. STEWART. I wish to make a sngges- !
tion iu regard to this section. I do not under-
stand very much about Army discipline; but I j
understand that under the law as it now exists '
officers are court-martialed and removed, and
I believe there is some system enumerating the j
definite offenses for which they are removed, j
Now, according to this section men are to be I
tried for unfitness "for the proper discharge of |
their duties, setting forth specifically in each j
case the canse of such unfitness." j
It seems to me that is a very strange way of
creating an offense for which a man is to be
removed from the service. I am very certain
that any respectable officer would rather be put
out of the service directly than be subjected
to a trial as to whether he was fit or not. Then
the question whether he is fit for service or not
will depend upon a thousand considerations;
in the first place, whether he is in favor with
the board. If he is out of favor with the board,
if the majority of the board happen to be against
him, they will decide one thing to be unfitness
at one time and another thing at another time.
By this section all the officers of the Army are
to be tried, and, it may be, branded with unfit-
ness for the service.
Now, it.seems to me that if a man is to be
discharged from the Army, which is a punish-
ment, the offense should be defined. I would
much prefer to say that they should be put out
arbitrarily than that they should be tried by a
board which shall define the cause of their unfit-
ness. I do not believe in that. Such a board
might not always be just. It is not very safe
to allow the same tribunal to prescribe the
penalty, make the law as to what shall consti-
tute unfitness, and then discharge the officer.
I do not believe that the officers of the Army
have committed any such offenses that they
should be subjected to such a law as that.
Mr. WILSON. The bill as it came to us
from the House of Representatives was very
explicit on this point. That bill provided that
all the officers of the Army should be exam-
ined by a board who should inquire "into
the military record, qualifications, and general
fitness of all officers of the Army, whether of
the line or staff, below the rank of brigadier
general." Then it provided for the mustering
out of all officers who, " by reason of inexperi-
ence, inefficiency, immoral conduct, or other
cause, have given evidence of want of adapta-
tion to the military service."
Now, sir, the reason why I did not insert
those provisions in the amendment that is now
under discussion, which is said not to be defi-
nite enough, was that I did not wish to dis-
grace the men who went before this board.
Mr. 8TEWART. I think the Senator has
improved the House bill very much; but still
I object to his amendment. To call up all the
officers of the Army and brand them as so
many prejudged rascals to be condemned by
a committing magistrate, and put them all on
proof to show that they are innocent, as the
House bill does, it seems to me is the most
enormous proposition that I ever heard of.
Mr. WILSON. Well, Mr. President, I hardly
know what to say. We have got four hundred
and eighty officers whom we do not need and
cannot use. We cut off about twenty regiments
of the rank and file last year, but did not muster
out the officers. We have them on hand and
cannot use them. They are not wanted. They
cost us over a million dollars a year. We hear
a great deal about economy, a great deal about
retrenchment. Still there seems to be no way
in the world to reach this case.
There came to us with the unanimous vote
of the House of Representatives a proposition
to send the entire officers of the Army below
the rank of brigadier general before a board,
who were to take into consideration all the
matters affecting them. I felt that that was deal-
ing pretty hard with the Army. I therefore
framed this amendment, and after it was pre-
pared, before submitting it to the committee, I
submitted it to many officers of the Army, and
I venture to say to-day that nineteen twentieths
of the officers of the Army are in favor of the
Senate bill. I hardly know one who is not.
They especially favored this mode of reduction
because it was so liberal. In the first place, it
offers to all the officers of the Army who choose
to resign, who have served under five years, one
year's pay; those who have served from five to
ten years, a year and a half's pay ; and those
who have served above ten years, two years'
pay. If this bill passes, a captain of the Army
who retires, if the President accepts his resig-
nation, if he has served over ten years, will
receive $4,000 to take with him to go into any
other kind of business that he chooses.
The whole proposition, I think, is liberal
and kind and just to the Army. I want to be
just to the Army. That is my feeling now, and
has been throughout this entire struggle. I
have endeavored to frame every act of our
legislation, and I think the evidence of it will
be found on the statute-books during the last •
nine years, so as to deal with generosity and
liberality toward the officers and men of the
Army.
Now, sir, if this section is stricken out I
admit that we can reduce the officers without
it; but how? Many of the officers will offer
their resignations. Some of those resignations
will be accepted, and some will not. The res-
ignations of some of the best officers of the
Army I do not suppose would be accepted,
and they will not be got out any way; their
services are too great and too marked. _ The
probabilities are that the poorest men in the
service will not offer their resignations. This
section was intended to reach that class of men,
and to do it in such a way as not to disgraee
them. It gives a year's pay to a man who is
turned out for his own fault. Suppose a man
is intemperate, careless, does not behave well,
and he is recommended by the general of his
department or by the General of the Army,
who has £e record before him of that man's
conduct and life, to go before this board—not
to be court-martialed; the board looks into
his record as well as the facts in the case, and
recommends that the President muster him out
of the service; that he be wholly retired. What
do we do? We give him a year's pay to take
home with him. Can anything be more gen-
erous or liberal?
But, sir, there is one section, if Senators
will retain it in the bill, which provides that
when these other sections have executed them-
selves, if there are any of these officers left
over, if we have too many officers, they may
be furloughed or they may be mustered out of
the service with ayear's pay.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to ask the
Senator a few questions for information.
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. STEWART. I understood the Senator
to say the other day that about one hundred
of these officers had resigned during the last
year, , ,
. Mr. WILSON. Resigned, died, or been
court-martialed, in a little over a year.
Mr. STEWART. And now there are about
four hundred and eighty supernumeraries ?
