1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5279
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no five-
minute rule, but a Senator is confined to two
speeches in each debate, and the Chair has
been requested to enforce the rule. The Chair
has no objection himself to allowing the Sena-
tor to proceed, and he will do so unless some
Senator objects openly.
Mr. VICKERS. At the request of the Sena-
tor from Alabama I move to amend the amend-
ment which be offers by inserting after the
word "then," in line ten, the words "safe and
-convenient;" and in lines ten and eleven to
strike out the words ''of not less than one
hundred and fifty feet."
Mr. SPENCER. I accept that modification.
The amendment, as modified, was read, as
follows:
That an act Entitled "An act to establish and de-
clare the railroad and bridges of the New Orleans,
Mobile, and ChattanoogaRailroad Company, ashere-
after constructed, a post road, and for other pur-
pose?," approved March 2,1868, is hereby so amended
as to require the New Orleans, Mobile, and Chatta-
nooga, Railroad Company to construct and maintain
a draw-bridge, which when open shall give a clear
space for the safe and convenient passage of vessels
in the channel of the Great Rigolet; and said draw-
bridge shall be located in mid-channel, with draw and
piers in the direction of the currents, and at a dis-
tance of r^ot loss than amile and ahalf from theeast
end of the Great Rigolet; and said companyshall at
all times open the said draw-bridge, and shall pro-
vide all necessary and convenient facilities for tho
safe and speedy passage of all vessels reauiring the
same.
And be it further enacted. That the railroad com-
pany shall submit to the Secretary of War, for his
approval, a plan with the necessary drawings of their
bridge, in a new location, conforming to the above
requirements; and until the Secretary of War ap-
prove the pla.n and location of said bridge, and notify
the company of the same in writing, tho bridge shall
not be built or commenced; and should any change
bo made in the plan of the bridge during the pro-
gress of the work thereon, such change shall be sub-
ject likewise to the approval of the Secretary of War.
And be %t further enacted. That Congress shaU have
power at any time to alter, amend, or repeal this act.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know anything
about this specific case; but I have seen the
folly of trying by act of Congress, without a
leport, without the matter having been invest-
igated by some competent engineer, of trying
to fix the place where a bridge should be built,
or even to fix the spans or the draws. It only
leads to difficulty. If tho Senate in the ab-
sence of any information of this kind try to fix
in the law that a bridge shall be at a particular
place, to accommodate, perhaps, some private
interest that we do not know anything about,
or that it shall have a particular span 
Mr. SPENCER. Will the Senator 
Mr. POMEROY. I do not yield until I get
through.
Mr. SPENCER. I should like to say, for
the information of the Senator, that General
Humphreys, the chief of engineers, has rec-
ommended this.
Mr. POMEROY. I understood the Senator
from Louisiana [Mr. Kellogg] to say that if
the Senate were willing to decide this question
now he did not object to that, in the absence
of any testimony leading him to know what
was the proper location and the length of the
draw ; he wanted to throw the responsibility
on the Senate.
Mr. KELLOGG. No, sir ; I stated distinctly
that the chief of engineers, General Hum-
phreys, had made a report, transmitted to the
Senate by the Secretary of "War, in which he
said that the bridge should be removed. Now,
this amendment contemplates the removal of
that bridge, and that is just what^ I was about
to call attention to. This very bill which has
just been read proposes to remove that bridge,
now almost completed ; and if the requirement
of the Secretary of War and the chief engineer
is complied with it will be necessary for the
company not only to remove that bridge from
its present site a mile and a half, but to in-
crease the draw some forty or fifty feet in length.
That is the point.
Mr. POMEROY. Yes ; that is the point.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator will par-
don me, I will appeal to my friend from Ala-
bama to withdraw it from this bill.
Mr. POMEROY. It is clearly a question
we cannot decide. If the company are build-
ing the bridge under a law, and have got it, as the
Senator says, partly or two thirds completed,
they cannot be required to move it by another
act of Congress unless compensation be ren-
dered them. If they are building without law
that is another thing; but I understand there
is an act of Congress authorizing them to build
where they are building.
Mr. KELLOGG. It is so.
Mr. POMEROY. Another act of Congress
requiring them to remove somewhere else can-
not be passed to their prejudice without their
consent unless compensation be rendered them,
unless some arrangement be made. Such a
bill as this cannot pass requiring arbitrarily
the removal of a bridge where the parties are
building it under law. Certainly there ought
to be some report, some investigation, and if
they have spent a large amount of money in
building their bridge where they are authorized
to build it under the law, they cannot be re-
quired to move and construct their draws larger
unless compensation be rendered them, unless
they are paid for it. This is a provision that
cannot certainly prevail.
Mr. KELLOGG. I hope the Senator from
Alabama will withdraw the amendment, and
let the Senate consider the matter at some
other time, when it can be properly under-
stood.
Mr. SPENCER. I will withdrawthis amend-
ment and move to take up the bill itself at
some future day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
is withdrawn.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring in the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CHANDLER. On the question of
concurrence I ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. SCOTT. I desire to reserve one amend-
ment, the separate section I offered in refer-
ence to an inquiry as to bridges on the Ohio
river.
Mr. VICKERS. I should like tho sense of
the Senate taken on eachamendmentseparately
as they stand on a different footing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maryland demands a separate vote on each
amendment. The Chair is informed by the
Secretary that the Senator from New York,
not now in his seat, [Mr. Conkling,] left an
amendment at the desk to be proposed to the
clause for the improvement of Oswego harbor,
so a3 to make it read, "for enlargement of
completion of harbor facilities at Oswego,"
without changing the amount. The amend-
ment will be regarded as agreed to if there is
no dissent. It does not alter the amount, but
simply the phraseology.
Mr. ABBOTT. Are not the amendments to
be taken up separately ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. They are to be
acted upon separately.
Mr. SHERMAN. Thepurposeof thefriends
of the bill is to oppose any amendment, so as
to pass the bill here to-day without amendment.
Therefore I shall object to the amendment of
the Senator from New York unless the other
amendments are concurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio objects to the proposition of the
Senator from New York, and it will have to
be moved in tho Senate. The Secretary will
now report the first amendment adopted in
Committee of the Whole, the Senator from
Maryland [Mr. Vickeks] demanding a sepa-
rate vote on each amendment.
The Chief Cleuk. The first amendment is
on page 5, lines one hundred and four and one
hundred and five, 10 strike out "fifteen" and
insert " twenty-fiveso that the clause shall
read;
For improvement of Burlington harbor, Vermont,
$25,000.
Mr. ABBOTT. That was not the first amend-
ment that was offered. The first amendment
that was offered was the amendment offered
by the Senator from South Carolina, [Mr.
Sawyer,] and the next was the amendment
that I offered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendments
were offered to various points in the bill, and
this is.the first one that occurs in the text of
the bill in its order. The question is on this
amendment increasing the appropriation for
the harbor of Burlington, Vermont.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The next amendment was on page 6, line
one hundred and twenty-two, after the word
"river" to strikeout the words "to be ex-
pended by contract or otherwise;" so that the
clause will read:
For improvement of the mouth of the Mississippi
river, $800,000.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The next amendment was on page 6, line one
hundred and twenty-five, to strike out "five"
and insert "fifteen;" so that the clause will
read:
For improvement of the mouth of the Saint John's
river, Florida, $15,000.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The next amendment was on page C, after
line one hundred and twenty-five, to insert:
For removing obstructions in Town ereek, near
Charleston, South Carolina, $7,500.
Mr. SAWYER. I call for the yeas and nays
on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SAWYER. I desire to call attention to
the fact that this amendment stands on a differ-
ent ground from certainly several others which
have been adopted in committee; that is, it
stands on the estimate of the engineer depart-
ment and a communication of the results of a
survey of the river to be improved. It is strictly
in accordance with the rule adopted with regard
to these appropriations.
Mr. DRAKE. I desire to say in this con-
nection that the purpose which actuates me in
voting against all these amendments to tho bill
is to try and save the bill as reported by the
committee. We have had experience hereto-
fore of the efforts made to multiply appropri-
ations of this kind. We have had river and
harbor bills lost by that means; and I submit
to the honorable Senator from South Carolina,
to the honorable Senator from North Carolina,
and to other Senators who have had amend-
ments put upon this bill, that it is a great deal
better for the interests of the country to have
them forego for the present these appropri-
ations which they are now seeking than that
all the rest of the country should fail to receive
that which the committee has reported in favor
of. It is with this ■view that I vote steadily
against any amendment to this bill, not because
of a feeling of opposition to the appropriations
which the Senators from the South or from any
other section of the country desire to have put
upon the bill. It is a question of the bill as it
came from the committee or nothing, and I
would rather have that bill than nothing.
Mr. ABBOTT. I desire to inquire of the
Senator from Missouri how long it has been
since this doctrine has existed, that when a bill
came in here from a committee it could not
be mutilated, added to, or taken from? Why,
sir, the Senator from Missouri during this ses-
sion has introduced amendments on top of
amendments to almost every bill that has come
from a committee; and so have other Sen-
ators; and sometimes amendments not ger-
mane to the bill. And now, because one or
two amendments are offered to this bill that
has come from this committee, we are told
that it is a production of art so exquisite that
it cannot be touched. We hear the cry raised
everywhere that the bill will be lost if any
amendment is put upou it. Now, sir, I hope
we shall put these judicious and reasonable
amendments on this bill as they are needed,
