1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8391
Ur. WILSON. One hundred and twenty
or one hundred and thirty have resigned, died,
or been court-martialed within the iast fifteen
months.
Mr. STEWART. Then they received no
additional pay. There was no inducement
offered to them to resign. That was the natural
reduction of the Array without any reason, or
perhaps because those officers apprehended
that the Array would be greatly reduced. It
seems to me we might try that system, say, one
year longer, and offer them this inducement of
a year's pay. If without any inducement one
hundred of them, or one fifth of the whole
number, left in ayear, perhaps if you give them
a chance to retire you will get rid pf all your
supernumeraries in the course of a year. I
think you will get rid of them in that way with-
out branding tftem. I am very confident of it.
1 believe the officers of the Array are as sen-
sible as other people, and if they think their
services will not be required, in the course of
a year you will get rid of the supernumeraries.
So far as the first sectiou of the bill is con-
cerned I do not see any value in that now, as
I understand the whole number of the Army
is about twenty eight thousand.
Mr. WILSON. Thirty-five thousand.
Mr. STEWART. The actual number, filled
up?
Mr. WILSON. Enlisted men.
Mr. STEWART. Enlisted men, nominally.
Mr. WILSON. Really. That included, how-
ever, perhaps fifteen hundred men who had not
yet been assigned to any command, men who
had been en .isted; I have forgotten the exact
number. I had a detailed statement made up
to the month of February.
Mr. SIEWART. Then this bill reduces it
about five thousand.
Mr. WILSON. The first section only makes
a reduction of about five thousand. I remem-
ber that some weeks ago several of the leading
officers connected with the Army here thought
it would be very well to have a force of thirty
thousand men, but thought I was rather press-
ingthe matterin making it twenty- five thousand.
Air. SIEWART. Does the chairman of the
committee know from where those five thou-
sand men can be spared, and in what particular
branch of the service ?
Mr. WILSON. I think we can bring the
Army down to the number we have now fixed
within a year. The Senator will remember that
this reduction only takes place a year hence,
or before that in the discretion of the President
and the War Department.
Mr. STEWART. There will be no discre-
tion left,.to the War Department, for it is pro-
vided in t.he bill that the number shall not
exceed thirty thousand.
Mr. WILSON. The reduction is to take
place a year from next July. It givas over a
year within which to do the work,anaif at the
end of the year it should be found that the
reduction cannot be safely made, Congress
before the adjournment of the next session
will unquestionably make provision for it.
♦u d STEWART. Would it not be well for
the President to have the discretion in a case
of emergency to call out more men ? Should
he not have some little discretion in the matter?
Js it wise to fix the number of the Army arbitra-
rily at exactly thirty thousand ? Is it perfectly
certain that that number will be sufficient under
aoycircumstance8 ? I understand the number
of the Army has been always fixed at a figure
lar above the actual figure in administration,
l would inquire of the Senator, has the War
JJepartment shown any disposition to increase
number of enlisted men beyond what was
necessary? The limit now, I believe, is fifty-
six thousand. '
^kSON. When we had an Army of
ntty-four or fifty-five thousand men there was
® great deal of opposition to coming down
to thirty-five thousand. The Army is nearly
twenty thousand less now than it was two years
Mr. STEWART. What is the limit in the
law?
Mr. WILSON. By the limit now in the law
I think it could be carried up to about forty-
five thousand.
Mr. STE WART. Has the Department shown
any disposition to raise the Army above what
was actually necessary, so as to get up to the
limit, or has it fallen below the limit?
Mr. WILSON. I-will do the Department
the justice to say that I think they have striven
to get along with as few men as they reason-
ably could, and they have seconded the policy
of Congress in reducing the Army. The Sen-
ator will remember that at the last session we
consolidated twenty infantry regiments into the
other regiments.
Mr. STEWART. Then,a8 theDepartment
have shown a disposition to get along with the
least possible number, I do not think it is worth
while for us to pass the first section, making so
small a reduction as five thousand. I do not
see the smallest importance in it. I intend at
the proper time to offer a substitute for this
entire bill. It is the second section with a
slight amendment. I think it will cover all the
object sought to be attained. It is as follows:
. That the President bo, and ho hereby is, author-
ized. at his discretion, honorably to discharge from
the service of the United States officers of the Army
who may apply therefor on or before the 1st day of
October, 1871, with the pay, <fcc.
That i3 the only change. I propose to give
them a year within which to go out voluntarily.
I think in that way we can attain all that is
desirable ; and if at the end of that time we
shall still have supernumeraries on hand it
will be time enough next year to provide for
them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Nte in
the chair.) Does the Senator offer that as an
amendment to the eleventh section?
Mr. STEWART. No, sir; I intend to offer
it at the proper time as a substitute for this
entire bill. I am opposed to the eleventh sec-
tion. I think this substitute that I shall pro-
pose is all the legislation that is necessary.
Instead of a reduction of the pay of the Army
being effected by the fifteenth section, we have
it from the chairman of the committee himself
that that section adds to the aggregate pay
largely. There is no clamor about raising the
pay of the Army; and as that section adds quite
largely to the pay of the Army we do not want
to retain that section.
The first section, which fixes the number of
the Army, is also unnecessary. There does
not appear to be any abase in that direction.
I am quite confident that we shall need all the
Army we have; and for the present year there
is no need of any legislation in that direction.
As for getting rid of the supernumeraries,
which appears to be the other object of this
measure, I believe if you will give them a polite
invitation to leave with a year's pay you will
get rid of the supernumeraries during the next
year. Then there will be nobody injured and
nobody disgraced, and no harsh treatment, at
the Bame time that the Government will have
a sufficient force on hand to enforce the laws.
_ Mr. CARPENTER. I understand the pre-
cise question before the Senate to be the
amendment proposed by the Senator from
Maine, [Mr. Hamlin.] Now, I understand
from the chairman of oor committee that the
design of this section is to provide only for
sending before this board those men who have
rendered themselves unfit for continuance in
the service by their own bad habits and course
of living. The Senator from Illinois objects,
however, to the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Maine, because, he says, that if men
are dismissed specifically for that cause they
will be disgraced. The section as it stands at
present provides:
That the Oeneral of the Army, commanding offi-
cers of the several military departments, and chiefs
of the several staff departments of the Army shall,
as soon as practicable after the passage of this act,
forward to the Secretary of War a list of officers serv-
ing in their respective commands deemed by them
unfit for the proper discharge of their duties, setting
torta specifically in each case the cause of such
unfitness.
_ So that by the section as it stands, if a mau
is sent there to be tried for habitual drunken-
ness that fact must be specified, and if he is
discharged for that reason he is as much dis-
graced as he would be under the section as
proposed to be amended. But if it be the
purpose of the Senate to confine this examina-
tion to that specific class of offenses, then it is
proper that the section should be so framed as
to accomplish the purpose. The section now
reads that the officers named shall—
"Forward to the Secretary of War a list of officers
serving in theirrespectivecoiamandsdeemed by them
unlit for
What? Not for the service, in the technical
sense of being unworthy of being officers in the
Army, but—
"Unfit for the proper discharge of their duties."
Now, suppose a man is a colonel of cavalry
and has lost a leg in battle. He is unable to
sit on a horse ; he is unfit for the proper dis-
charge of his duties as a colonel of cavalry.
He would clearly come within the purview of
this section as it is written, but not within what
the chairman says was the object and intention
of thesection. The amendment of the Senator
from Maine clears it of any ambiguity, and con-
fines it to the precise class of cases which it is
the object of the chairman to try, namely, those
persons who have rendered themselves unfit to
continue in the service by reason of their own
misconduct or habits, and then the entire ac-
tion contemplated by this section is confined
to that class of persons.
So far as the disgrace is concerned it is no
greater by limiting the section to the precise
class of persons you intend to have it apply to
than it is in leaving the provision in its present
form. In each case the specification must be
made. Again, if a man has rendered himself
entirely unfit to be continued in the Army, from
his habits of intemperance or other immoral-
ities, the disgrace is not in his being dismissed;
the disgrace is in his having contracted that
course of life which renders his dismissal
necessary and a proper act of justice to the
remaining officers of the Army.
Mf. STEWART. Do they not court-martial
officers for drunkenness ?
Mr. CARPENTER. This may accomplish
the same purpose. I do not see myself that
the section is necessary, because I think that
for every offense for which a man ought to be
dismissed from the Army he can be court-mar-
tialed ; but at all events this is a more speedy
and it may be a more graceful way of accom-
plishing the same purpose.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to call the
attention of the Senator from Wisconsin and
the Senator from Maiue to this consideration :
that - this section could not properly apply to
the case of any officer who is to be tried for mis-
conduct, drunkenness, or bad habits, because
it provides that in all cases where the officer is
retired under this section he shall be retired
with one year's pay. Now, if an officer is to be
retired for vices, for misconduct, he is not enti-
tled to one year's pay. Those are causes for
dismissal.
Mr. CARPENTER. He is entitled to one
year's pay if the law provides that he shall
have it, and this Bection does clearly provide
that he shall have it.
Mr. MORTON. Then I think the' section
is clearly improper.
Mr. CARPENTER. If the Senator will
pardon me for a moment, the chairman evi-
dently designed, and he says himself the inten-
tion of this section ia to meet just that class
of cases; and yet the section does provide
that in that class of cases, construing the sec-
tion as the chairman intends to have it read,
they shall be retired with a year's pay.
Mr. MORTON. If that is the construction
to be given to this section I think the section
ought to be stricken out.
