3392
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
Mr. CARPENTER. That ia the language
of it; it is 110 construction of it.
Mr. MORTON. 1 was going on further to
my that the language is entirely too broad.
To provide that an officer who by his vices has
become unfit to be an officer in the Army, or
who has been guilty of misconduct, shall be
retired with a year's pay on the same footing
as others who are retired, perhaps, for physical
disability or for disease contracted in the Army,
would be injustice certainly to the other class.
If this section is to be confined to that class
of officers, then the whole section should be
stricken out; because there are already laws
or regulations that authorise a man to be tried
and dismissed for misconduct, for drunken-
ness, or other vice.
But I desire to call the attention of the chair-
man of the committee to the language of the
section. 1 was not present in committee when
the bill was considered ; and therefore I feel
at liberty to call the attention of the chairman
to the language contained in this section as
being too broad, and as giving to superior offi-
cers a power that they ought not to possess;
because it enables every commander of a de-
partment, every staff officer, to place aay sub-
ordinate on trial for unfitness; and that unfit-
ness is not to be regulated or determined by
any law or Army regulation, but may be what-
ever in his opinion would make the officer
uufit. There are dislikes and prejudices and
enmities in the Army just as there are oat of
it. This section enables any of these princi-
pal officers to place any subordinate on trial
tor unfitness whom he does not like! and that
unfitness may consist of whatever his imagina-
tion may determine.
I know there was a practice during the war
of getting rid of obnoxious subordinates in
this way; and that called my attention partic-
ularly to this subject. Whenever there was a
subordinate officer, for instance the colonel
of a regiment., who was obnoxioas to the com-
mander of tbe division, it waa in the power of
the commander to get clear of him, to send
him up before a board for examination as to
his qualifications; and that board waa always,
or generally, so organized a* to dismiss the
officer. 1 know of very many hard cases of
that sort. I see that the Senator from Con-
necticut [Mr. Buckingham] nods assent.
Every Governor of a State, 1 doubt not, whs
called upon to take cognizance of many cases
of that kind. .
Here is a section which enables any staff offi-
cer or commander of a department to place
upou trial and to disgrace, any subordinate offi-
cer whom lie does not like, against whom he has
a prejudice. He may say that he ia unfit to
be an officer of the Army because he has not
got the requisite education, or because he ia
not a gentleman, he has not good manners,
or for any other cause that goes to make up
liis dislike; and he eaa put tbe man on trial,
and although he may be acquitted he ia to
some extent a disgraced officer. Therefore,
the tenure of office of every Subordinate
officer is to some extent dependent upon the
will and good opinion of his superior. He has
no certain tenure, but his standing in the
Army is to depend absolutely on the will of
the superior officer above him. It is to take
away that independence and that absolute right
which every officer ought to have in his par-
ticular grade.
For this reason I think the language of the
section is too broad, that it gives a dangerous
power to superior officers. But if the opera-
tion of the section is to be confined to these
officers who have been guilty of misconduct,
and who ought to be court-martialed and dis-
missed for their vicea or for their misconduct,
then the section; ia wrong, becaose it provides
that they 8ball be retired with a year's pay.
Mr. WILSON* I suggest to the Kenator from
Maine who has offered this amendment to
modify it so as to insert after the word "du-
ties," in the seventh line, the words "from
any cause except injuries Incurred in the ser-
vice," in lieu of the words he has proposed.
Mr. HAMLIN. That is a little smoother
language and accomplishes the same result. I
will, therefore, withdraw my motion with great
pleasure and allow the Senator to offer that
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maine accepts the amendment offered
by the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I hope we shall now have
a vote on that amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment now offered by the Senator from Maine,
as modified by the Senator from Massachu-
setts, will be read.
The Secretary. The amendment is to in-
sert after the word "duties," in the seventh
line, the words "from any cause except inju-
ries incurred in the serviceso that the clause
will read:
A list of officers roving in their retpective com-
mands deemed by thorn unfit for tha proper discharge
of their duties from any oauso exoept injuries in-
curred in the service, setting forth specifically in each
oase the oauso of such unfitness.
Mr. WARNER. If the chairman will allow
me, I suggest that whatever words are inserted in
the section ought to be inserted at the end of
the section after the words giving the President
authority to retire these officers.
Mr. WILSON. I think the Senator is mis-
taken in that.
Mr. HAMLIN. This is the proper place.
Mr. WILSON. I think the amendment is
in the right place now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts.
Mr. THURMAN. If my friend from Mas-
sachusetts will allow me, I suggest to him that
he ought to enlarge that language by adding
"or disease incurred in the service." I think
a man whose health has been destroyed in the
service of the country, without any fault of his,
should also be excepted.
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator thinks that
disability from disease is Bot included in the
words " injuries incurred," I should have no
objection to inserting those words.
Mr. THURMAN. Put in the words "or
disease;" so as to read "injuries or disease
incurred in the service."
Mr. CORBETT. Suppose the disease should
be delirium tremens ? [Laughter.] It would
be very improper to make an exception of
such a case as that.
Mr. WILSON. That would not be a disease
incurred ia the line of his doty. I think the
amendment as it now stands comprehends
everything.
I wish to say a single word to the Senator
from Indiana in regard to this provision, which
he has criticised; and there is something in his
criticism. I know there ace rivalries and jeal-
ousies ia the Army as there are in Civil life.
Officers of the Army are human beings, and
have their frailties like all the rest of us. But
I do not fear in the least degree aay injustice
under the provisions of this section. The Gen-
eral of tbe Army, tbe commanding officers of
the military departments who are major gen-
erals and brigadier generals of the Army, and
the chieis of the several staff departments of
the Army, the quartermaster, commissary,
engineer, and other departments, are to desig-
nate the officers to be seat before this board.
I am confident that but few men will be sent
before it. Some of them could possibly be
broafht before courts-martial and dismissed.
If you have got to select oat of the Army cer-
tain officers to go out of the service there are
some who oould not be convicted beforo a
court-martial, but who have frailties and faults
and have a record that would justify their going
out ia preference to others. We want to retain,
of course, the high-toned, best officers of the
Army j and as a body of tten in experience,
devotion to the country, intelligence, and char-
acter, they are nowhere surpassed in the world.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to make a sugges-
tion to tho chairman as to this amendment. I
suggest that instead of using the word "ser-
vice" he employ the words "in the line of his
duty;" so as to read, "disqualified by injury
or disease incurred in the line of his duty."
Mr. CARPENTER. That is right.
Mr. WILSON. I will not object to that
modification.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That modi-
fication of the amendment will be made.
Mr. WARNER. I do not think that the
amendment of the chairman of the committee
after all reaches tho point which he is aiming
at. What we ought to provide is that no offi-
cer shall be discharged from the service because
of wounds or disability incurred in the service
in time of war, not that they shall not be ordered
before a board. You do not want to leave dis-
cretion in the hands of these major generals ;
but you want finally to provide that the dis-
charging power, the President of the United
States, shall not discharge a man because of
disability or wounds incurred while in the ser-
vice. It seems to me that a proviso at the end
of the section in the words " provided, that
no officer shall be retired, without his consent,
because of unfitness caused by wounds or dis-
ability incurred in the late war," will reach the
precise point.
Mr. WILSON. Does the Senator mean
retired or mustered out of service, dismissed?
Mr. WARNER. The word which is used
in the section by the committee is " retired."
Mr. WILSON. " Wholly retired."
Mr. WARNER. The language is "may
wholly retire any of the said officers." The
language of the proviso could be made to con-
form to the language of the section. It means
muster out, although the chairman of the com-
mittee used in the bill the word "retired,"
which usually has a different meaning, rather
than mustering out.
Mr. WILSON. Thewords "whollyretired"
mean "dismissed." It iB a softer phrase than
to say " wholly dismissed." I hope we shall
have the qnestion on tbe amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts as modified.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. President, I do not
suppose any plan can be adopted to which there
may not be objections, and which may not pos-
sibly work some injustice; but it has been the
1 object of the committee to reach Bome plan of
! accomplishing the object in view. There being
four hundred and eighty supernumerary officers
in the Army it is certainly evident to the Sen-
ate that there is a necessity for the reduction
of the number of officers. No w, 1 desire to say
that the committee have not received to my.
knowledge—I certainly have heard of none—a
single remonstrance from any officer of the
Army against the sections which are now under
consideration; but on the contrary, having con-
versed with several officers of the Army, I am
able to state that they regard these provisions
as exceedingly liberal and just to officers of
the Army.
I have been surprised to hear tho denuncia-
tions of honorable Senators in this Chamber
in regard to this proposed reduction. It seems
to me that they have come to a conclusion
without giving the subject much consideration.
We propose, first, that the General of the Army
and the commanding officers of the Army shall
report those whom they regard as unfit. That
does not dispose of them. Then it is provided
that the Secretary of War shall order a board
of officers, a majority of whom shall be of those
who were appointed from the volunteer-ser-
vice, to pass upon these officers, to examine
them. That does not put them out of the Army.
The board are to make their report to the Pres-
ident, and then he may—we do not say that he
shall—retire them wholly from the Army. He
may do it in his discretion. ThoBoseveral pro-
visions are made; none of them final. There
is left to each officer who may regard himself
