■m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
(ion me if I first dwell for a moment upon the
very great benefits the recognition of Cuban
indap<3,pdQnc£ would bring primarily to Cuba
and ultimately to ourselves. It would prob-
ably secure and make certain the half-accom-
plished project of Cuban nationality. It would
doubtless unloose altogether the dubious and
uncertain grasp of the dubious and uncertain
Government; of Spain upon the throat of its
struggling colony. It would at least placeSpain
and Cuba upon an equality with our ship-build-
ers, musket manufacturers, and United States
m&rshals; and we should no longer be subject
to the pending humiliation of beholding foreign
war vessels sail unquestioned and unchallenged
by the officers of our Government out of Amer-
ican ports to aid in subverting the liberty of a
neighboring people with whose cause we warmly
sympathize. Then Spanish and Cuban expe-
ditions might proceed to sea together or remain
in port together unmolested. And when Cuba
should have gained her independence by such
aid as might be legitimately given to her, and
as doubtless would be given to her, by Amer-
ican citizens, were she an acknowledged Power,
there would come to us through ties of sym-
pathy and gratitude and by the natural course
of channels now obstructed, the rich commerce
of as fair a domain as ever reflected the smile
of tropic skies.
Possibly we should have more than this.
Perhaps we should possess by the generous
suffrages of a people whom we had helped to
liberty the right of ownership of "that tongue
in the Gulf of Mexico which can dictate com-
mercial laws to the Caribbean sea"—the right
to flaunt a banner of thirty-eight stars in the
face of the equator, and to count among the
brightest of the constellation the planet which
would symbolize the island State.
Now, sir, against results so desirable, results
to be greatly advancedif notcertainlyprocured
through appropriate action by Congress, there
exist but three leading objections, none of which
seem to me forcible enough to influence the
action of this Government, and all of which
combined are, in my opinion—and [ speak it
with due respect for the high source from which
some of them emanate—inadequate to sustain
the cause in whose behalf they are invoked.
The objections are these; it is said that the
republic of Cuba has not yet reached that con-
dition of national existence which under the
laws of nations justifies us in recognizing her
belligerence, much less her independence. It
is claimed that recognition by us would be an
act ot bad faith toward and aggression upon
the Government of Spain. It is urged that by
such recognition we would entail consequences
and concede doctrines which would greatly
embarrass the settlement of what is known as
the Alabama claims.
I will endeavor, Mr. Chairman, to answer
these objections in the order in which I have
stated them. First, then, let me say that I
have searched in vain through the works of j
standard writers on international law for an
authoritative statement of what is and what is !
not a condition of belligerence. Thatbelliger- !
ence is^ a question ot fact to be determined by |
the evidence is announced by a distinguished :
statesman at the other end of the Capitol, and |
is the doctrine generally held by writers on
international law; but the amount of evidence i
needed, the character of evidence admissible,
the nature of the evidence required, the quality
and quantity of the minor, probative facts, so
to speak, neoessaryto sustain the ultimate fact
or belligerence, are left mailers of conjecture.
We are given, indeed, by the same high author- i
ity a list of failures to achieve belligerence, but !
the particulars in which the cases cited failed ,
or fell shoit of that condition are not given, i;
mix], indeed, could not be given, for there exists i
110 certain, no definite, no universal rule on the !|
subject. After all has been said that can be J
said the question of belligerence is a question '!
that must be left to the judgment and con- i'
science of the nation Dassing upon it, and it is ll
a question which, in my opinion, should be
determined quite as much by its external rela-
tions as by the intrinsic facts.
This absence of authority, this paucity of
European precedent on this question of bel-
ligerence, is doubtless due to theiact that all
the wars of Europe have been struggles between
sovereigns for balances of power,- or for com-
mercial advantages, or for territory claimed
by both, or to overturn existing Governments,
or for the purpose of religious propagandise!,
or from undisguised lust of empire.
Onafew occasions there have been efforts to
recover, to recreate, to reestablish lost nation-
alities ; but in no instance that I recall in the
history of modern Europe has there been a
serious endeavor to establish by force of arms
a new nation out of a portion of an old one.
We must turn to new-world history for what-
ever there is of precedent. And on every page
of that brief but mighty volume we can find
examples to justify and reasons to induce our
recognition of the independence as well as the
mere belligerence of the republic of Cuba.
Sir, the people of that nationality have been
in arms for over a year. They have kept forces
in the field. They have captured and held
towns. Destitute, perhaps, of sea-ports, they yet
have access to the sea through an unblockaded
coast line; They have a civil government or-
ganized, in operation, and exercising actual
jurisdiction over a considerable extent of coun-
try. They had until recently the nucleus of a
navy. Their flag floats over a large portion
of western Cuba. They have a capital and a
legislature. They have brave hearts and strong
armsamongthemfrom ourownland. They have
inscribed upon their banners and written in their
organic law those maxims of justice and equal
rights withoutwhich no nation can permanently
endure, and with which no nation can long be
subdued. Themselves are imbued with that
spirit of sacrifice, that spirit of devotion, that
spirit of love of liberty which are their choicest
possessions. And not all the army Spain has
sent against them has been able to subdue the
patriots or gain any considerable advantage
over them except in the Spanish dispatches,
where the grandiloquence of pronunciamento
is substituted for the record of victory.
The republic of Cuba has almost as much of
a national existence as we had when France
recognized our independence—more than the
Juarez government possessed when Maxi-
milian reigned in Mexico, when, although the
Mexican empire alone was recognized by the
European Powers, Mr. Lincoln's administra-
tion still maintained diplomatic relations with
the republic only—and very much more in du-
ration and possibilities of duration than the
confederate States had when England and
Prance made indecent haste to recognize their
independence, and Spain allowed their priva-
teers to enter and depart from her ports with-
out. interference.
And what, sir, if the republic of Cuba had
less than all these? What if this child of lib-
erty were yet unborn ? What if she were but
now animated with the throb of incipient life?
What if it rests with us to withhold the mur-
derous hand that would strangle the young
1 republic ere yet the first cry of victory over
travail disturbs the anxioushush by her waiting
cradle? Shall we hesitate? Shall we fear?
j Shall we fail to act lest we violate a friendship
j with Spain we should need diligent search to
, find or run counter to maxims of public law
i which wehad no hand in making. Sir, public
| law, like every other science, should be pro-
gressive. We have made advances in juris-
| prudence based on a recognition of new con-
ditions of society. We have made progress in
social science and in the art of governing
which our grandfathers would have regarded
as Utopian and dangerous. Shall we stand still
only in the making and construction of laws
that govern our relations with other countries ?
Is tins eobwebbed bugbear which we call the
law of nations to affright us forever from avail-
ing ourselves of advantages which events are
placing within our grasp and humanity is call-
ing upon us to secure?
Now that wemay gain Cuba, not by the "buc-
caneer s bargain " expressed in an Ostend man-
ifesto, but by the free voice of afree people; not
by helping slavery, but by aiding freedom ; not
at the cost ofahundred millions, but without the
expenditure of a single dollar of the public
money—shall we, I say, fail to act because we
are not quite sure that Spain will fail to crush
the patriots, or because we are not quite cer-
tain that such action on our part will find jus-
tification in some musty work on international
law, in the pages of Grotius for instance, who
two centuries ago compiled and speculated upon
the maxims of Roman jurisprudence; or of
Puffendorff, who speculated on Grotius ; or of
Yattel, who a hundred years later speculated
on both ?
When, sir, has this law of nations been a
rule of action with the Powers that quote it
when it operates against the interests of those
powers ? How long did De Jure Belli et Pads,
the great work of Grotius, keep the hungry
grasp of the Unholy Alliance from the dead
body of Poland? How long did the theories
of Yattel prevent the British East India Com-
pany from overrunning Hindostan ? Was it the
pages of Puffendorf or the inaugural address
of J efferson Davis, the law of nations or the in-
terests of Liverpool ship-owners, that were most
attentively consulted when Napoleon shipped
his land pirates to Mexico and England sent the
Shenandoah forth to light the Arctic ocean
with our burning whalers ? How long would
England hesitate to-day to recognize the bel-
ligerence or the independence of the people of
Egypt if they should revolt against the Sultan
or his Viceroy, and hint at placing their terri-
tory, with the control of the Suez canal, under
British dominion ?
Sir, the great Powers of Europe have never
been eager to consult this law of nations when
they could find in it no justification and no
excuse for their schemes of acquisition and
conquest. They have always molded and con-
strued the public law to suit themselves. They
have held it toward us as a one-sided rule, a
sort of Flora McFlimsey promise to marry:
" A kind of engagement, you see,
ihat is binding on you but not binding on me."
What do we need to convince us that there
is a republic of Cuba? Shall we wait until
France and England, and even Spain herself,
anticipate us in recognition and so take from
us the prize of Cuban commerce and the possi-
bility of Cuban acquisition ? Shall we turn
coldly fromthis gulf stream of desire for lib-
erty and union that comes up from the south-
ern sea bearing the promise of empire upon its
swelling tide ? Sir, not by the dim uncertain
lanterns of European precedent, not by the
sputtering candles of European logic, should
we read the great book of destiny which is
spread before us. If in the light of precedents
furnished by ourselves and by others upon this
continent, if in the greater light of our own
exigencies and responsibilities there exist suffi-
cient facts to justify us in the eyes of civilized
mankind in recognizing Cuba, why not make
such recognition at once ? And if there be a
doubt give liberty the benefit of that doubt.
Guided and governed by an enlightened, by
a fearless, by a free, by a progressive, by an
American policy, it should require less evi-
dence to convince us that Cuba has reached a
state of belligerence or achieved a condition
of independence than would be required to come
to a similar conviction with regard to any
European people who might engage in a like
struggle. We are the leading Power in this
western hemisphere. To us other and weaker
nations naturally look for counsel and assist-
ance. , We have given the most signal proofs of
the ability of a free people to maintain a repub-
lican form of government. Liberty emerges
here victorious from domestic as well as for-
eign strife. In other lands sovereigns are fugi-
