5280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
as justice to the country demands that they
should be put on; and I hope that hereafter we
shall have no more one-sided river and harbor
bills.
Mr. HOWE. I desire to say, in reply to my
friend from North Carolina, that this doctrine
to which he refers has not existed for a long
time. In point of fact it is not established at
all. But just because we have felt at liberty to
advocate and maintain our own local interests,
just for that reason we have been unable to
pass any bill for the improvement of rivers
and harbors, I think, for the last two or three
years.
The Senator will remember that there are
two things to be determined in making these
appropriations: one is, how much money the
Governmentcan afford to appropriate in a given
year; and then, which are the most deserving
objects among which to distribute that amount
of money. We have to consult, therefore, the
interests of the Treasury to judge how much
we can appropriate, and then we have to be
guided mainly by the judgment of the War
Office and the judgment of the committees of
the two Houses, who can compare work with
work, locality with locality; and unless we shall
be guided mainly by these sources of inform-
ation, it seems to me hopeless to expect that we
ever can pass a bill for the improvement of
rivers and harbors.
It by no means follows, because a particular
locality is omitted from a bill at a particular
year, that therefore that work is to be laid out
of the consideration of the Government. There
are in my own State two very important works
that I desire to see the Government under-
take, and I am very strongly urged to move
amendments in behalf of them this present
year; but I simply dare not, and therefore I
do not move in reference to either of them. I
prefer to take what can be had, in the judg-
ment of the War Office and of the Treasury
Department, this year, and trust to the future
for the balance.
Mr. COLE. The Senator who last spoke
suggests a remedy for all these difficulties, as
it seems to me. If Congress can determine
about how much they can afford to appropriate
for the improvement of rivers and harbors I
do not know why that appropriation might not
be made in gross, and leave it to the engineer
department, to whom it is referred after all, to
determine where the expenditures shall be
made. We are always met by the committee,
when an application is made for an improve-
ment at a particular point, with the statement
that the engineer department has not made a
report on the subject. They rely, therefore,
upon the report of the engineer department.
If that is to be relied upon, we may well sup-
pose that they will make a good use of these
appropriations in gross for the improvements
of rivers and harbors throughout the United
States where those improvements are most
needed.
We have had a little illustration of this. A
year or two ago we made an appropriation of
$1,500,000, 1 think it was, in gross for the im-
provement of rivers and harbors ; and though
we had attempted in vain on the Pacific coast,
in California at all events, to obtain any portion
of the appropriation, yet the department went
to work and expended some §50,000 toward
the removal of a very dangerous rock from the
harbor of San Francisco—Blossom rock. I
remember contending here for an appropria-
tion for that specifically, and was unable to
Hfct it. But the engineer department, having
the discretion to make use of the money appro-
priated where it was most needed, did make
use of a small proportion of that appropriation
ior the purpose of removing that rock; and
it has been done, greatly to the advantage
of commerce on that coast as well as to the
advantage of all those who are interested in the
commerce of that coast, wherever they may
live.
Now, sir, I think this is the appropriate
remedy that we ought to resort to, to prevent
this wrangling about the par ticalar points where
the appropriations are to be made, to prevent
these heart-burnings, to prevent this ill-feeling
which will spring up over this appropriation
bill from yearto year. We have been told that
many of the appropriations are to be made in
the State 'of Michigan and in the State of the
Senator who last spoke, Wisconsin, and a great
many in the State of New York ; and it is said
none at all are given to the southern States ;
and I know very well that none, or almost
none, are given to the Pacific coast—not a cent
to California, and only a few thousand dollars
for our neighboring State of Oregon.
. Now, sir, I believe the proper course is to
leave it to the engineer department, in whom
the committee itself has faith, upon whom the
committee itself seems to rely, and whose re-
port is always asked for when an application is
made for an appropriation. I shall not prob-
ably vote against this bill if it is passed through
without any amendments ; but I suggest to the
committee that they can determine by calcula-
tion what the Government can afford each
year for these improvements, and when they
have determined that, whether it is one, two,
three, or five millions, it would be better to
leave the expenditure of the money to the
engineer department of the War Office. We
know that they are competent; we know that
they are careful; we know that they will make
use of the money where it will be most to the
advantage of the whole country.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President, I notice in
the book of estimates, under the head of "im-
proving harbors," that we have " Oswego,
New York," with the note, "No details fur-
nished," and an estimate for it. We have
the time-honored "Big Sodus" and "Little
Sodus," for which, I think, every river and
harbor bill, time out of mind, has contained
an appropriation with the same note, "No
details furnished." We have, I suppose, fif-
teen Michigan locations with precisely the same
thing, an estimate, but" no details furnished."
It is simply an estimate which is put in here
probably at the request of somebody who is
interested in Michigan harbors; and yet we
are told that this is iu accordance with the rule
in this matter. The truth is, we know nothing
about these harbors from any data furnished
to Congress, except the fact that there has been
an estimate for it. What that estimate isbased
upon, or what the character of the improve-
ment is to be. we know not at all.
Now, Mr. President, if there is anything I
hate, it is the spirit of sectionalism. I do
not desire to defeat this bill because there is
nothing in it for the South ; but I do not think
that the passage of the bill is a matter of very
great consequence at this session. If I am told
that it is a matter of very great consequence to
the Northwest that they should have two thirds
of this appropriation, 1 say, then let the North-
west wait until we can have a committee of
the Congress of the United States who shall
apportion the amount of money which the
Government, can expend in the improvement
of .rivers and harbors in any one year fairly
over the country, instead of bringing us a bill
which has nineteen appropriations and nearly
four hundred thousand dollars for a single
State, manj' of whose harbors mentioned in
this bill are of so little consequence that you
would have to consult a very minute geograph-
ical gazetteer to find them, and having no
appropriations for large Atlantic ports.
Mr. President, I do not blame the Senator
from Wisconsin for not desiring to have this
bill meddled with. The State of Wisconsin
has appropriated to it by this bill $167,500,
and the Wisconsin river, entirely in the State
of Wisconsin, has $100,000 more. I commend
the good taste of the Senator from Wisconsin
in not putting into this bill a provision for
another appropriation for the State of Wiscon-
sin. I do not blame the Senators from that
section of the country for not desiring to tamper
with this bill. It is entirely satisfactory to
them; and so long as the committee of the
House of Representatives which considers this
subject makes bills so satisfactory to Senators
from that section of the country I never ex-
pect to see my honored and honorable friend
from Michigan disturb the details of the bills
they send us.
Sir, if the Government can spend $3,500,000
in appropriations for the improvement of rivers
and harbors, let us have it distributed on some
equitable plan. There are probably surveys
on the files of the War Department for every
one of the improvements that have been sug-
gested here by the Senators from the South
and from the Pacific coast.
But my friend from Michigan says he will
have nothing to do with surveys which were
made before the war. Have the principles of
geometrical science been changed by the war?
Have the natural features of the ocean bed'
changed specially since before the war ? I can
well understand that where hulks were sunk in
the mouth of Charleston harbor the currents
thereby may have been changed, and that the
topography, so to speak, of that ocean bed may
be modified somewhat. But has the James river,
the obstructions in which are of no shifting
character, and to which attention has been
called by my friend from Virginia, been changed
by the passage of five or ten years ? Sir, we
have in the War Department to-day ample data
upon which to make appropriations for every
harbor on the southern coast, and the opera-
tions of the Coast Survey have given all the
information which the Committee on Com-
merce need, if they were disposed to use it.
But when the House of Representatives send3
us a bill which appropriates $3,518,000 for the
improvement of rivers and harbors, and the
great Northwest gets over two million dollars
of it, and New England and New York get
another million, and the rest of the country
gets $400,000,1 can quite well understand why
the Senators who represent that great North-
west and the Senators who represent New
England do not wish to have the bill tampered
with or amended.
Mr. STOCKTON. I understood the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin to say that there were
some special interests that he had in his State
which he should like to have inserted in this
bill, but that he did not dare to do it. I am
not surprised that he did not attempt to insert
any interests in his State in this bill. From
the little time I have had to look at the bill
while the Senator from South Carolina was
speaking I think he has made a mistake, un-
less 1 have. There are $277,500 appropriated
to Wisconsin alone. The first five pages of
this bill consist of appropriations for Wiscon-
sin and Michigan alternately. I should call it
"An act for the benefit of Michigan and Wis-
consin, with a good slice to New York."
The first item in the bill is:
For improvement of Superior City harbor, Wiscon-
sin, $40,000.
Then, on the next page:
For improvement of Green Bay harbor, Wisconsin,
817,500.
For improvement of Manitowoc harbor, Wiscon-
sin, $20,000.
For improvement of Sheboygan harbor, Wiscon-
sin. $15,000.
For improvement of Milwaukee harbor, Wiscon-
sin, §40,000.
For improvement of Racine harbor, Wisconsin,
$10,000.
For improvement of Kenosha harbor, Wisconsin,
$10,000.
Forimprovemcnt of Port Washington harbor, Wis-
consin, $15,000.
Then I find on page 5 of the bill:
For improvement of the Wisconsin river, 8100,000.
That, I suppose, is in Wiscousin. Those
appropriations added together make, I think.
$277,500.
Now, Mr. Pi'esident, this may be all right.
I know nothing of the necessities of Wiscon-
sin ; but it is very strange that this year, when,
above all other years that have occurred in the
history of the country it is important that we
