490 .
APPENDIXTO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 14,
Ho. of Reps
Currency Bill—Mr. Armstrong.
41st Cong....2dSess.
seven. None of theso fluctuations were brought
nbout by an increase or decrease of the currency.
On the contrary, gold rosp the most rapidly when
there was no considerable increase of the currency,
and fell in the face of large additions to it.
" Nothing, [continues the Comptroller, McCulloch,
:ifterward foecretary of the Treasury,] can be more
■/[inclusive of the incorrectness of the opinion that
V)l.l is always the standard of value, and that the
hi^li piico it has commanded in the United States
'luring the progress of the war is the result of an
inflated currency, than this brief statement of its
variations m the New York stock market."
Add t-o this the continued speculative rise
and fall from 1864 to the present time, and the
memorable black Friday of September last,
and the demonstration is complete that gold,
inflated and uncertain, is not the measure of
values, and affords no standard of comparison
by which to determine whether the currency is
or is not inflated.
I appeal to the experiences of those around
me whether when money was at its maximum
abundance the industries of the country did
not speed forward with unexampled prosperity.
Contentment reigned in the cottages of the
poor no less than in the mansions of the rich,
i'lie laboring chissps were everywhere prosper-
ous and content. The number of houses built
in every part of the country, and particularly
by the poorer classes, were large beyond all
precedent, Laboring men were buying land
ami building who always beforo had beenrent-
i r.s. They were rapidly changing from their
long habits of tenantry to fee-simple ownership
in the soil. They and their families were clad
m better clothing and sat down to tables filled
with all the substantial comforts which pros-
perity supplied. Education advanced, school-
houses were built and filled and overflowed.
Wages were no longer bartered away in the
exorbitant prices of company stores, but were
liemamled and paid in cash. Theorists again
looked upon this prosperity and called it delu-
sion. They pointed to gold; it was at one
value and currency at another; they cried
aloud that double prices were distressing the
people. The laborer looked upon his title-
deeds and upon his family, smiling in unwonted
comfort, and he knew that it, was to him a fact
and not a delusion. He could not argue on the
relative value of gold and currency, but he
knew that he had labor and wages in cash, and
he was contented and happy. He had money
because he had labor, and there was content-
ment in his home.
In England, if is true, as stated by the
learned chairman of the committee, that they
have not by law increased their currency for
a quarter of a century ; but the necessities of
buhinchs have driven them to a device not
recognized by law, by which their circulation
i-i practically and largely increased. In addi-
lion to the authorized bank notes there is ill
extensive use a paper circulation in the form
ol individual bills of exchange or promises to
deliver money at a future day. Large quan-
tities are in constant circulation, returning
finally to their payers covered with indorse-
ments, sometimes fifteen or twenty or more,
and performing the duty of bank notes during
all the time they are out. It is the mode iu
which the necessities of business there evade
the law of Sir Robert Peel, which forbade the
mcrcase of currency.
But, sir, the circumstances of Great Britain
are not sufficiently analogous to render their
experience of much value to us. They have
not by law increased the currency, but they
evade the law. A system of checks and drafts
may be well adapted to their financial condi-
tion, but to any .similar extent would be alto-
gether inapplicable to ours. The twenty-nine
millions of population in Great Britain are con-
densed into a territory not larger than Penn-
sylvania, Ohio, and Michigan. They are a
nation of tenantry, and with all the subserviency
of hereditary and dependent tenants. Ourpop-
ulation are in a large degree owners of the soil.
The abundance and cheapness and fertility of
our soil, and our infinite and but partially devel-
oped resources, invite to instability of hab-
itation. A people will be restless where a
month's labor may buy a farm, and where ex-
plorations may at any time develop fortune?.
These things cannot fail to affect our financial
condition, and require a larger percentage of
currency than is required in populations moro
condensed and settled. Analogies drawn from
English experience do further fail when con-
sidered in connection with the disparity in the
wages of labor. The money which will buy
one day of labor here will buy two days there.
It is, for every purpose of industrial employ-
ment, a practical doubling of the volume of
their currency as compared with ours.
But, sir, I think a fair consideration of the
facts will show that the expansion of our cur-
rency has not kept pace with the necessity
of its use. It has been abundant, perhaps
excessive, in a few money centers of the East;
but in the nation at large it is less than their
necessities require.
The circulation of the United States reached
its maximum in 1866.
There were in circulation on tho 1st of June,
18GC:
United States notes S400.619.20f)
Postal ourrency  7,030,700
Fractional cuirency  20,040,17(5
Bank circulation  292,071,753
Juno 1, 1869:
United Slates notes 
Fractional currency
.Bunk circulation 
720,301,835
 $558,107,221
39,503,057
299,789,895
695,405,173
$24,956,662
There is, then, in these three years a con-
traction of the currency of within a fraction
of twenty-five million dollars, and that, too,
at a time when of all others the necessities of
the country required expansion.
Wehad just emerged from the war. Business
had been stimulated to an immense but not
excessive or injurious activity. Contentment,
and prosperity everywhere prevailed. Those
who looked upon gold as the only measure of
value clamored for contraction, in the vain
hope of forcing resumption. In April, 1886, a
law was passed to authorize it; but it had hardly
begun to operate before the universal outcry of
the nation compelled its suspension, but not
until it had already alarmed the business inter-
ests of the country and infused its leaven of
distrust in the stability and wisdom of our
financial legislation. This unwise but happily
limited contraction came just when the activ-
ities of the nation were strongly tending to tho
South. The system of southern labor had been
overthrown. Slaves received no wages. The
agricultural interests of t-be South required
no money for such purpose ; and the ordinary
habit of the planters was to consign their crop
and di-aw upon their consignees at the North,
and but little currency sufficed for their uses.
But when free labor was substituted their en-
tire financial system necessarily changed with
it, and a large volume of currency, notes of
circulation, not checks and drafts, were needed.
Of what value vvould be checks and drafts for
the general uses of a population and anindustry
so diffused as this and so peculiar iu all its
reciprocal relations?
But, sir, it is not to be overlooked that the
§720,000,000 of currency which was out in
1866 was used for the most part in the non-rebel-
lious States, and in a population which may be
fairly estimated not to exceed twenty-five mil-
lions, for the restored territory was still dis-
turbed and suffering from the shock of the
war, and business had scarcely revived. The
$694,000,000 of to-day spreads over a territory
more than double the extent, and in a popula-
tion estimated at forty millions.
This absolute contraction of $25,000,000,
most of which was in one year, gave quick
evidences of the fact in the almost instant dis-
turbance and embarrassment of manufacture
and trade. And it was done in the very face of
the still greater contraction caused by the steady
flow of currency to those remote and absolutely
destitute portions of the country left by the re-
bellion without any money of circulation. The
commerce of the Mississippi valley, so long
suspended, was actively reviving and"returning
to itsaccustomedchamiels. It rapidly advanced
to its present enormous magnitude, exceeding
two thousand million dollars per annum,stretch-
ing over sixteen thousand miles of navigable
rivers, and penetratingintovastaud remote dis-
tricts wholly unprovided with banking facili-
ties. The drain upon the currency was resist-
less and immense. Thus the North found
itself suddenly struggling with business ex-
panded into utmost activity, and the facility
of doing it taken away not only by positive
contraction, but by large diversion into other
and far distant channels of trade.
The anthracite coal interests of Pennsyl-
vania in 1861 reached a total development of
7,954,314 tons ; in 1866, 12,708,882 tons ; in
1869, 13,723,030 tons. Add to this the im-
mense development of other industries depend-
ent upon coal, the corresponding development
of iron, and, in short, of all the industrial
interests of the country under the currency as
it was in 1866, and it is easy to perceive the
reasons of the embarrassments which followed
the contraction. I see in this the rational
explanation of the depressed condition of
business which is manifest in all industrial
pursuits, whether of trade or manufacture.
They who look to gold as the standard point
to the depression of business as the result of
inflation; or, in other words, the differences
in the value of gold and currency. 1 do not
attach such consequence to the gold gamblers
of New York. Place business back to the
condition of its former activity, by restoring
the facilities under which it prospered ; tax
gold gamblers out of existence, and trust to
the renovated business of the country for a
return to specie payments, the consummation
most devoutly to be wished. It is my earnest
conviction it cannot come from any other
source. Business does not. rest upon the specu-
lations of the gold board, and we must cut
asunder the imaginary bands which unite them.
We must reach specie payments by other means
than watching the fluctuations of a commodity
which has ceased to represent values at all.
Stimulate all industries with every properfacil-
it.v: content the people ; they bear heavy bur-
dens, but they will not complain of taxation
when they have prosperous business and abun-
dant and well-paid labor wherewith to pay
them.
But, sir, the insufficiency of our currency
becomes still more apparent when compared
with that of other commercial and manufac-
turing nations. The currency in Great Britain
is estimated, in currency and coin, to be at the
present time $700,000,000, or a little less than
twenty-five dollars per head, and reckoned by
the territory which it covers it is about fifty-
five hundred dollars per square mile.
The volume of currency in France is esti-
mated at $1,070,000,000, or about thirty dol-
lars per head, and over live thousand dollars
to the square mile.
In the United States, taking our currency in
round numbers at $700,000,000 and the popu-
lation at forty millions, and it is about eighteen
dollars per head and about three hundred dol-
lars to the square mile, taking only the busi-
ness territory of the country.
But, sir, I feel that I have already trespassed
too long upon the attention of the House.
There is infinitely more to be urged in behalf
of the suffering interests of the people. F.m-
