1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4337
took place on this subject heretofore there was
no opposition even on the part of the Senator
from Ohio to making up to the Central Branch
its claim in lands. I think he stated, perhaps
repeatedly in the discussion, that he was quite
willing to grant the indemnity to the Central
Branch in public lands. They have now agreed
to accept land ; and the only question really
before the Senate appears to rae to be this:
whether we will thus compromise a claim for
Government bonds at the rate of $16,000 a
mile by granting to this company lands instead
of the bonds.
That is all there is in the case. Shall we
compromise with these claimants by giving
them lands instead of giving them Government
bonds at the rate of $16,000 a mile? I think
that the compromise will be a very profitable
one to the United States and will save us a con-
siderable amount of money in the end ; and I
therefore am in favor of granting what they ask
in this bill.
There is, as has been remarked, another line
of railroad lying to the north of this, I do not
remember how far upon the average, 'some
twenty or thirty miles perhaps, which company
has received a donation of lands from the Uni-
ted States. The grant to this latter company
coines ia contact with the grant which is con-
templated by this bill. The two companies
have made an agreement between themselves,
which I now hold in my hand, and for the ben-
efit of the Senate and for the public I beg to
read it. It is indorsed upon a copy of the bill
and the amendment how pending before the
Senate:.
The within bill and amendment arc approved.
thomas harbin 15.
For St. Joseph and Denver railroad.
effingham nichols,
Attorney for Central Branch
Union Pacific railroad.
So that this compromise is satisfactory to
both these companies.
Mr. THAYER. Will my friend allow me to
interrupt him ?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. THAYER. I ask him if he has anything
there from any one representing the Brownville
and Fort Kearny, and the Midland Pacific
railroads ?
Mr. HOWARD. Nothing in express terms
representing any other parties than such as are
designated in the stipulation I hold in my hand.
I have read the stipulation. I was not aware
that there was any other railroad line in con-
flict with the Central Branch excepting the St.
Joseph and Denver.
Mr. THAYER. Yes, sir; there is.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not know how that
may be, but at all events we are here settling
a claim against the United States, an equitable
claim, and the only question for us to determ-
ine now is, whether we will pay off and sat-
isfy this claim in lands, or whether we shall
still permit the claim to be pending before the
Gongress of the United States for Government
bonds. I think that we may very safely and
properly compromise upon the terms men-
tioned in this bill and the amendment.
Mr. THAYER. I will state to the Senate
the reason why I did not desire this bill to
come up for consideration to-day. I have taken
measures to secure some information from the
Interior Department bearing on the question
involved in this bill, and I should mucti prefer
that the Senate had postponed the considera-
tion of the bill until Monday. I state m good
faith now that, I have sought some information
which I was not able to have here to-day, but
which I can have by Monday. I have no inten-
tion of taking up time or keeping oft this bill
other than for that purpose. Making this state-
ment now, I ask the friends of the bill if they
will not consent to postpone the further con-
sideration of it until Monday?
Mr. POMEROY. By unanimous consent
we have agreed on Monday to take up a bill
which the present occupant ot the chair [Mr.
Trumbull] has in charge, which, having been
41sx Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 272.
agreed to by unanimous Consent, cannot be
changed. Tuesday is also appropriated, and
this is the only day I know of thatwecan con-
sider it.
Mr. THAYER. Say Monday evening.
Mr. POMEROY. I cannot say anything,
because that bill, when once up, will undoubt-
edly occupy day and evening. It relates to the
new apportionment of the country for the next
Congress. Besides, we must consider the state
of the public business. We are drawing toward
the close of the session, and the Pacific Rail-
road Committee of the House havenoffyet been
called; they are to be called in a few days.
This bill if it passes at all at this session must
pass now, because the Pacific Railroad Com-
mittee of the House will be called in a few days,
I presume on Monday or Tuesday. They are
the next committee to be called, and there is
no use in passing this bill at this session if it
cannot pass the Senate now.
Mr. THAYER. I do not know that the
Senator has any right to come to that con-
clusion. We must all take our chances in
regard to the passage of bills through the othet
House. I make the proposition in good faith,
and ask the friends of this bill to agree to let
it go over until Monday evening, and let us
then have an evening session and dispose of
it. I do not make this proposition for the pur-
pose of delaying action, but, as I said, in good
faith, for the purpose of having an opportunity
to obtain some information I have not yet been
able to obtain bearing on this question.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator opposed the
taking up of this bill yesterday; he opposed it
to-day. This is only another way of putting
it off so that we cannot pass the bill.
Mr. THAYER. In reply to that I wjll say
that I did not suppose the Senator from Kansas
would ask to bring up this bill yesterday, when
we were so near it on the Calendar and were
going to take up the Calendar last evening.
Indeed we then reached it on the Calendar. I
had no thought that he would call it up yester-
day morning. My colleague and myself have
a bill which we desire to pass.
Mr. POMEROY. That is the secret.
Mr. NYE. This bill was passed over last
night on the general Calendar because it was
on the special Calendar.
Mr. THAYER. No, it was not on the spe-
cial Calendar. It was not made a special
order.
Mr. POMEROY. It was reached last night
and passed over.
Mr. THAYER. I was saying that I was
surprised that the Senator from Kansas called
up this bill yesterday in the morning hour,
knowing that we should reach it last evening
in going through the Calendar. A long amend-
ment was offered yesterday by the Senator from
Michigan, and the bill was recommitted to the
committee with the amendment. I certainly
did not suppose that it would be brought up
again this morning, becausethe report fromlhe
committee was made only last night, and I did
not think the amendment would be laid on our
desks in print this morning.
I repeat that I have not interposed these
remarks with any view to a factious opposi-
tion. I ask only one day more, that I may be
able to get some information bearing on the
question. 1 therefore move that the bill be
laid aside, and if that be done I shall then
submit a motion that it be set for consideration
on Monday evening next.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Trum-
p.ULXi in the chair.) The Senator fiotn Ne-
braska moves that the bill be passed over.
That question is not debatable.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope it will not be done.
Mr. THAYER. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 13, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Daris. Gilbert, Hamilton of
Marvtand. McOveery, Patterson, Pratt, bhevman,
« - 1 V!]lf>  lo.
Harris, Howard, Howell, Johnston, Morrill of Maino,
Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy, Rice, SootU Stewai't, Stock-
ton, Sumner, Tipton, Truinbuli, WiUey, and Wil-
son—26.
ABS13NT—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Cameron, Car-
penter. Casserly, Oattell, Chandler, Conkllng, Uor-
bett, Cragin, Drake, Edmunds, Fenton, Flanagan,
Hamilton of Texas, Howe, Kellogg, Lewis, McDon-
ald, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Norton, Pool,
Ramsey, Bevels, Robertson, Ross. Saulsbui-y, Saw-
yer, Bohurz, Sprague, Warner, and Williams—33.
So the motion to pass over did not prevail.
The PRESIDING OFICER. The question
recurs on agreeing to the amendment reported
by the Committee on .the Pacific Railroad.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. President, the Senator
from Michigan seems to have overlooked the
fact that there is a company in Nebraska which
has an interest in this question. He seems to
be satisfied that all the difficulties between the
Central Branch and the St. Jo and Denver
City road have been reconciled, and presents
here an agreement signed by representatives
of both those companies. Now, sir, I know but
little about the St. Jo and Denver road, but I
do know something about the Brownville and
Fort Kearny and the Midland Pacific roads
within the State of Nebraska. In those roads I
feci a deep interest, because they interest espe-
cially the people of southern Nebraska. There
are two roads, one starting from Nebraska City
running westward, tho other from Brownsville
running westward, both of them beginning on
the Missouri river, coming together as they
propose at a certain distance back from the
river, perhaps one hundred miles or so, then
forming a junction and continuing on to Den-
ver, running through the whole width of the
State of Nebraska.
Mr. POMEROY. Does not this bill except
the odd sections for those roads?
Mr. THAYER. Certainly it does.
Mr. POMEROY. Very well.
Mr. THAYER. If my friend will wait he
will see the point to which I am coming. We
are interested in procuring a land grant for
those roads, a bill for which is now pending
in this body. We are anxious for the passage
of that bill. That bill will take the odd sec-
tions of land. So far, so good. This Central
Branch Union Pacific, by the amendment sub-
mitted yesterday by the Senator from Michi-
gan, proposes to take the even sections of land
in the Slate of Nebraska. Thus, if the odd
sections are granted to the Nebraska roads
which I have named, and the rest given to the
Central Branch, the whole body of land for
fifty miles in width will be given away. Against
this feature of this legislation I respectfully
protest.
Sir, this Central Branch road is not required
by the public interest. It is not required by
the interests of the State or of the people ot
Nebraska. The public interests in that State
do require the building of the Brownville and
Fort Kearny and Midland Pacific railroads.
The people of Nebraska ask for the building of
those roads and a grant of land to aid them,
because they are corporations organized within.
theState of Nebraska and belong to the people
in that State. Tho lands are there in that State,
and it isbut right that we should ask that those
public lands which are to be given away should
be given to home corporations in preference lo
foreign companies.
This is the reason why I am manifesting the
interest I do in this question. It isbecause the
people whom I in part represent demand it
at my hands. They do not want a solid body
of land given away, but they do want the alter-
nate sections to be given to those Nebraska
roads which I have named, and the rest to be
taken up by actual settlers. Yesterday I under-
stood the Senator from Michigan to say that
the amendment which he offered, or was then
about to offer, excepted the application ot
, this grant from all lands within the state ot
'! Nebraska. I find the following in the U.ooe:
1 "Mr TnuriJR. Do I understand the Senator!,'ora
i Kansas to say that this bill makes no grant ot any
ii la"llr.nPoMEBor! No,'suT'JheSenator Irom Mich-
