1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3393
as aggrieved by the report of bis commanding
officer, or by the board, an appeal to the Pres-
ident, and an opportunity of being hoard by
him before he is mustered ont.
Every safeguard is put in the bill which could
be made to guard against injustice. I have
confidence enough in the President and the
Secretary of War and the General of the Army
to believe that it will be their aim to see that
injusts  is not done; that decisions are not
maii according to the prejudices or the partial-
ities of this man or that man. Where specific
charges are made, as is suggested by my friend
from Oregon, [Mr. Corbett,] they can be in-
quired into ana reported to the President of
the United States.
I should have added that the officers of the
Army refard this provision as very liberal,
letting those go out who are unfit for service
with one year's pay. Then again, under a pre-
vious provision, they have the opportunity of
going out according to their length of service
with two years' pay, or with a year and a half's
pay, or with one year's pay.
Mr. President, five years ago a million sol-
diers were dropped out of the Army and thirty
thousand officers or more were dropped out
of the Army. We heard no hue and cry about
the injustice done to them. They had no year's
pay given them. They had been four years in
the service of their country. Their business
at home had been wholly broken up. They
were at sea so far as their private affairs were
concerned. They had to start in life anew.
Where, then, was the eloquence of my friend
from Nevada in regard to the injustice done to
those officers ? Sir, let us have a regard for
all, for the volunteers as well as the officers
of the regular Army. We are seeking to do
justice to all. Why throw these obstacles in
the way ? There are four hundred and eighty
supernumerary officers in the Army who are
not needed. Can we justify ourselves to the
country in retaining them?
Mr. STEWART. I should like to inquire
of the Senator whether these supernumeraries
are not made up by the action of Congress
since the war in inviting volunteers who have
done good service into the tegular Army, and
giving them the opportunity to enter the reg-
ular Army? Did yon not hold out the idea to
them at that time that their places were to be
permanent, and did they not break up their
business to enter the Army?
Mr. THAYER. The officers who have been
appointed to the Army sinoe the war are placed
on precisely the same footing as the other
officers of the Army.
Mr. STEWART. But those who went into
the service daring the war of course under-
stood that when the war closed they were to
go out. After the war closed you provided
for appointing a large number of meritorious
volunteer officers—and I suppose they were
selected from the most meritorious—into the
regular Army, with the understanding that they
were to be there permanently. I know that
was the understanding with a good mapy of
them with whom I conversed. Now, after
volunteer officers have got into the regular
Army with that idea, you propose to put them
out faster than they will voluntarily go out,
although they are leaving at the rate of a
hundred a year; and it seems to me that is
unjust.
t Mr. THAYER. I will say to my friend from
Nevada that they take their chances with all
others. It mast have been evident to them
that there mast be a reduction of the Army.
We could not continue to keep up the number
of the Army which then existed. If they die or
resign at the rate of a hundred a year, we cer-
tainly are not imposing a hardship upon those
who remain by giving them one year's pay and
putting them out of the Army, if so many have
resigned without receiving any consideration.
Mr. HOWARD. I have no doubt, Mr.
President, that great good may be derived from
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 213.
the principle embodied in this eleventh section
by way of reducing the number of supernum-
erary officers, and that if the section is fairly
and honestly and impartially carried out it will
be a great benefit to the Army and to the coun-
try. But on looking into it carefully it struck
me, as it has struck the Senator from Indiana,
that there probably will arise instances of great
injustice under this eleventh section unless it
is amended. The Senate will observe that the
proceedings axe entirely ex parte, entirely one-
sided, and without any requisition that notice
of these proceedings shall be given to the offi-
cer. For instance, it provides—
That the General of the Army, commanding offi-
cers of the several military departments, and chiefs
of the several staff departments of the Army shall,
ge of this act,
as soon as practicable after tho .
forward to the Secretary of War a list of officers
serving in their respective commands deemed by
them unfit for tho proper dischargo of their duties,
sotting forth specifically in each caso the causc of
such unfitness.
In all these cases the person accused, so to
speak—there is no formal accusation, to be
sure, but the officer interested—has no informa-
tion whatever of the proceedings taken against
him. The Senator from Connecticut [Mr.
Ferry] says he is to be regarded as a person
accused. Well, he is accused, but he has no op-
portunity to answer. There lies the difficulty.
The accusation may be entirely unfoanded
and entirely malicious, and he may have no
notice whatever of it until his name is placed
upon the fatal list and until that list has been
furnished to the board to be organized as the
section provides; and even that board is not
required to give him any notice whatever of
the charges brought against him. The whole
thing, therefore, from the beginning to the end,
may be carried on against the officer, who may
be a perfectly innocent, perfectly virtuous, and
Eerfectly meritorious officer, entirely without
is knowledge; so that the first news he may
receive of it will be an order for his complete
retirementfrom the Army upon one year's pay.
It seems to me that this is not exactly in accord-
ance with the analogies which prevail in other
I quasi trials. It seems to me that great injus-
j tice may be done, and will be done, by persons
j who are not disposed to act fairly toward their
[ subordinates or their fellows in the Army. We
know very well, as has been remarked, that the
officers of the Army are not exempt from that
human frailty which goes by the name of envy
or jealousy. We know very Well that there are
bitternesses existing between officers of the
Army, and that very often the grossest injustice
is perpetrated toward officers, and even toward
soldiers, by the unfairness and the oppressive
disposition of their superiors.
It seems to me that as this is to be tanta-
mount to a dismissal from the service the
person confcerned ought to receive notioe of
the proceeding, and have an opportunity to
appear before the board and show cause to
the contrary. It is nothing but simple justice,
and I do not think it will grfeatly embarrass
the proceedings, or protract them, or render
thetti Expensive. I therefore offer an amend-
ment, to come in after the word "pay," in line
fifteeh of Bection eleveiij in these words:
But such retirement shall fiot bo ordered without
allowing such officer a hearing before such board to
show cause against it.
I offer this amendment, if it be in order.
I wish fair play. I do not wish to see a board
organized in secret without the knowledge of
the persons concerned, and have that board
allowed to proceed.
Mr. WILSON. Let us take the vote on the
pending amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Nye ia
the chair.) The amendment_offered by the
Senator from Michigan is not ifa order at this
time. The question pending is on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. WILSON. Let us have the vote on
that amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson.]
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. Now I move my amend-
ment to come in after the word " pay " at the
close of the eleventh section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
read.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed at the
end of the eleventh section to insert:
But such retirement shall not bo ordered without
allowing such officer a hearing before such board to
show cause against it.
Mr. WILSON. If that amendment isneces-
sary and deemed so by the Senator, I am sure
no one would object. It would be an infamy
to send these officers before a board and give
them no notice and not allow them a word of
explanation. That, as . a matter of course,
they will all have the fullest opportunity to do.
Mr. STEWART. I inquire if there is an
appeal from the board ?
Mr. WILSON. The President is to act after
the report of the board.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Michigan.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to hear the
section reported as amended.
Mr. WILSON. The question now is on
striking out the eleventh section.
Mr. STEWART. Let it be read as amended.
The Chief Clerk. As amended the section
now reads:
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That tho Gen-
eral of the Army, commanding officers of the several
military departments, and chiefs of tho several staff
departments of the Army shall, as soon as practica-
ble after the passage of this act, forward to the Sec-
retary of War a list of officers serving in their respect-
ive commands deemed by them unfit for the proper
discharge of their duties, from any cause except
injuries reoeived or disease contracted in tho line of
his duty, setting forth specifically in each case tho
cause of such unfitness. The Secretary of War is
hereby authorized and directed to constitute a b oard
to consist of one major general, one brigadier gen-
eral, and three colonels, three of said officers to be
selected from among those appointed to tho regular
Army on account of distinguished services in the
volunteer force during the late war, and on recom-
mendation of such board tho President may wholly
retire any of tho said officers so reported with one
year's pay. But such retirement shall notbo ordered
without allowing such officer a hearing before such
board to show cause against it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the motion made by the Senator from
Connecticut, [Mr. Ferry,] to strike out this
section.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CARPENTER. I move an amendment
by way of an additional section:
And be it further enacted, That an act of Congress \,
approved January 21,1870, entitled "An act relating V
to retired officers of the Army," be, and the same
hereby is, repealed; and any retired officer may bo
assigned to any duty except service with troops: but
whilo so serving such officer shall be allowed no
additional compensation except actual expenses and
mileage provided by law. ,
The act which is specified in this amendment
provided as follows:
"That no retired officer of the Army shall here-
after be assigned to duty of any kind or be entitled
to receive more than tho pay and allowances pro-
vided by law for retired officers of his grade; and all
such assignments heretofore made shall terminate
Within thirty days from tho passage of this act."
It is to be borne in mind that the retired
officers of the Army are retired, not for mis-
conduct; they are retired.because in the dis-
charge of their duty id the!fieldand elsewhere
they have been mutilated and maimed in battle
and are no longer capable of discharging the
active duties of their offices. They are in no
case branded. They are subject to no sus-
picion of disloyalty or of anything else. They
are the meritorious officers of our Army. Now
they are retired because it is necessary to retire
them. That is all right; and they are pro-
