194
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
There was a general conviction in the American
mind that our war with the southern confed-
eracy had; somehow been supplemented by a
war with England, a war which was confined
to the high seas and-in which the loss and dam-
age were with us exclusively ; and thus it came
that for the purpose of obtaining atonement,
reparation, or satisfaction, the Alabama claims
were prepared and presented and urged upon
the attention of the British Government, not,
indeed, with any distinguished success in the
way of procuring either payment or a confession
of indebtedness. Thus it came that the last
Administration bequeathed to the present one
the legacy of a elaim uncollected, a demand
unrecognized, a demand worthless so far as
practical results are concerned, but which,
nevertheless, raises a lion in the pathway of
Cuban recognition and Cuban independence
to-day, a lion whose roar of " consistency!"
" consistency!" shakes diplomatic circles from
center to circumference, and the echo of whose
voice may even be heard in this Chamber.
Sir, if we have made a mistake in insisting
upon this demand at all; if, judging upon a
purely commercial basis, the precedent is worth
more than the money claimed ; if the damage
to the English mercantile marine and the con-
sequent benefit to American shipowners, which
may some day come by our adopting the Brit-
ish interpretation of the word neutrality, is of
greater value to this nation than the remote
chance of collecting fifteen or twenty million
dollars from the British Government, and if
beyond this the assistance we may lend to
oppressed and struggling peoples, the help we
may give to freedom, the aid we may render to
the growth of republican constitutional liberty
by means of this new doctrine which England
has grafted upon the law of nations, be consid-
ered, then is it not best now to assume a differ-
ent attitude, and say to her Majesty's Govern-
ment, in such brief and courteous phrase as
diplomacy may command,that the United States
withdraws all its claims for the depredations
committed upon its commerce by the Alabama
and kindred vessels; that we accept the new
law of national comity written with fire on the
surface of the seas; that we agree that between
us and Great Britain neutral nations may legit-
imately equip and man revolutionary navies;
that wc consent that between us and her Ma-
jesty's Government neutral ports maybe legiti-
mately the dock-yards and arsenals of hostile
Powers, and that by this doctrine we shall
henceforth shape our course.
Why, what better can we do ? Do gentlemen
suppose that by a course of dignified inaction
we shall succeed in procuring from her'Majes-
ty' s Govern men t that material satisfaction which
has been denied to the diplomacy of Mr. Sew-
ard and to the eminent social attainments of
Mr. Reverdy Johnson ? Can we hope to coax
twelve or fifteen million dollars out of the Brit-
ish treasury by becoming the very Turveydrop
of nations in the matter of deportment ? Will
we, by standing idly by while Cuba is being
throttled to death, set such an example of Chris-
tian neutrality that England will no longer hesi-
tate about paying our bill ? Sir, if it were possi-
ble that such proper behavior on our part would
be followed^ by an invitation to draw at sight
we could stilly collect nothing but the actual
value of the ships and cargoes destroyed.
Our elaim against England is not one where
consequential inquiry could be estimated or
would be paid. We are restricted by the ad
damnum of the writ. We could collect no
payment for vindictive, for consequential, or
remote or contingent damages; and I believe
we_ shall collect nothing at all unless we are
satisfied with payment in phrases.
We have but one adequate remedy for the
injury inflicted. It is to wait patiently till
England shall become involved in war with
another country, and then to recapture our
commerce by the same means as were used to
wrest it from us. Occasions will not be want-
ing as long as Canada continues to grow dis-
satisfied or Ireland continues to long for in-
dependence. The Abyssinian war might have
answered the purpose if King Theodore had
lived long enough to issue commissions to offi-
cers- of his navy. Without eulogizing his gen-
eral character, we may on this account regret
the untimely decease of that distinguished
sovereign.
Sir, we can bring to us by the recognition of
Cuba a land whose commerce and whose reve-
nue, either as an independent republic or an
American State, would be worth to us every
year treble the sum of the Alabama claims,
and if the Alabama claims are all that stand in
the way of Cuban recognition, I say let us make
brief work of the Alabama claims. Pay or
refuse to pay, if you will, the beggared owners
of American shipping who wait at the doors of
your Capitol with five years of accumulated
interest on their demands; but let us no longer
insist on claims which furnish only a subject
of ridicule and insult to the British pifess and
a field for the exercise of mild diplomacy and
meaningless paragraphs to the British ministry.
And if it be said that there is a broader view
of the relations and duties of nations to each
other than the mere enforcement of the lex
talionis; if it be said that we have no right to
abandon the Alabama claims or act incon-
sistently with the doctrine upon which the de-
mand for their payment is based, then I say
our recognition of the independence or bel-
ligerence of Cuba would differ in effect from
England's recognition of the belligerence of the
southern confederacy—differ in motive and
effect, as much as it is possible for any two
seemingly similar things to differ. In the one
case the parties recognized were three thou-
sand miles away, not connected with England
by any peculiar tie and not necessary in any
wise to the growth, the greatness, or the geo-
graphical security of the British empire; Cuba,
on the other hand, is divided from us by a narrow
strait, and is of great importance to us as com-
manding the ocean entrance to our Gulf States.
The confederate States fought to perpetuate
slavery; Cuba strives to obliterate it. England,
as I said before, recognized the belligerence of
the confederacy for the purpose of assisting to
destroy our commerce. Spain has no con-
siderable commerce, is not our rival for the
carrying trade of any nation, and it is safe to
say would not be affected practically in that
respect by our recognition of Cuba. And, sir,
if it is better to be consistent and lose, than
to be wise and gain, I answer that our recog-
nition of Cuba upon the principles I have sug-
gested would not conflict or interfere with our
pressing the collection of the Alabama claims
if deemed necessary to do so. I believe that
even "the law of nations," which is cited so
often, permits one nation for good cause shown
to espouse the cause of another, and what better
cause can be given to civilized mankind than
that which would induce us to espouse the
cause of Cuba by the recognition of belliger-
ence, by the recognition of independence, even
by tlie open aid of Army and Navy?
Why, sir, we have contended for half a cen
tury for the doctrine that the United States
would not permit any European nation to es-
tablish monarchical institutions upon this con-
tinent against the wishes of the people whose
liberties were subverted. President Grant has
reasserted that doctrine in his late message.
It is only a step further—a logical step—to say
that the United States will not permit any
European Government to deny republican in-
stitutions to any people upon this continent or
the contiguous islands who may desire their
establishment. I say we have precedents for
it under the laws of nations. Why, the inde-
pendence, the preservation of the nationality of
Turkey from the onslaughts of the Czar of Rus-
sia was not half as important to Great Britain
in any sense as it is to us to secure the inde-
pendence of Cuba from the unnatural and ob-
solete dominance of the kingdom or Govern-
ment of Spain. France had not half as strong
a reason for aiding Victor Emmanuel as we
have for aiding Cespedes. And yet both of
those nations involved themselves in bloody
wars for the purpose of preserving what they
call " the balance of power" inEurope. We
have a right under the laws of nations to do as
much for the purpose of procuring the proper
balance of power in America.
Sir, I cannot see how our recognition of Cuba
upon the principles Ihave endeavored to present
will in any way conflict with our insisting on the
payment of the Alabama claims, and 1 cannot
see how a continued demand which is met only
by a continued refusal to pay is befitting the
dignity of a great nation. I believe that after
five years' delay the Alabama claims have
reached a condition of ripeness; I believe that
we should either go to war with England to
enforce their payment or else withdraw them
and avail ourselves of the precedent.
I am in favor, Mr. Chairman, not of stopping
at belligerence, that " half-way house to inde-
pendence;" but if my wishes were consulted we
would recognize the independence of Cuba. I
believe that all the evils that could result, pos-
sible war with Spain included, would weigh as
nothing when compared with the great benefits
to be derived therefrom. If I have looked
beyond this; if I have looked beyond the burst-
ing of the bonds that bind Cuba an unwilling
satrap at the chariot wheels of Spain; if I have
seemed to see her not merely in the garb of an
independent republic, but clothed in the richer
garments of an American State ; if I have be-
held her not only as a principality whose wealth
would excite the cupidity and invite the attacks
of other Powers, but as the southeastern confine
of a Republic which stretches through three
zones and whose shores listen to the wash of
three oceans, it is because I expect so much,
not from the sword of the filibuster, but from
the generous, well-grounded confidence and
love of the people whose freedom, whose hap-
piness, whose political salvation we can so
greatly aid to procure.
Mr. Chairman, I believe it is the duty of this
Government of the United States not only to
recognize but to procure and defend the inde-
pendence of the republic of Cuba. If we do
the first our fellow-citizens outside of these
doors will accomplish the second ; so shall the
blessings of the enfranchised encompass us,
so shall the thanks of posterity be due to us.
[Applause on the floor and in the galleries.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, obtained
the floor, but yielded to
Mr. WILLARD. Mr. Chairman, I desire to
call the attention ofthis com mittee for a moment
to the subject which has just been so eloquently
discussed by the gentleman from Nevada, [Mr.
Fitch.] Without entering into any debate
upon it I wish merely to say that it seems to
me the last part of his speech, where he says
that this Government is under 110 obligation to
maintain its consistency, is under no obliga-
tion to stand to the doctrine it has held for the
last eight or nine years in all its diplomatic
intercourse with Great Britain ; when he says
the Government is under no obligation to stand
to that doctrine, I must dissent from him en-
tirely. I dissent from him, however, not merely
because we have taken that ground with Great
Britain, but because it is American ground,
the ground this Government has stood upon
from it earliest history, through everv admin-
istration from the time of Washington to the
present day.
In the correspondence which Minister Adams
had with Earl Russell in respect to the prema-
ture recognition of the belligerent rights of the
confederacy he set forth with distinctness and
with clearness and with emphasis the doctrine
of this ^Republic in its treatment of all the in-
surrections from the earliest period of its exist-
ence. He stood on that as the American
ground.
While it may be true that it has been conven-
ient for Great Britain to advocate what is for
her interest for the time being, while interna-
