5282
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sup-
poses that the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sher-
man] will now withdraw his objection to the
change of phraseology in regard to the appro-
priation for the improvement of Oswego harbor.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be changed
accordingly.
Mr. CONKLING. May I hear the phrase-
ology read ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is as written
by the Senator, not changing the amount.
Mr. CONKLING. They want it in the lan-
guage of the estimates. It is ''for the enlarge-
ment of harbor facilities."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read it as it is written in the bill.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish it to read in this
way: "For the enlargement of harbor facil-
ities according to the plans of the engineer
department."
Mr. CHANDLER. That was agreed upon
in committee. It was a clerical error in not
having it so printed in the bill.
The YICE PRESIDENT. It will be so cor-
rected.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to offer an amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the last section
of the bill, to provide "for a survey of the
Wabash river from its mouth to the town of
Wabash." I do not ask for any appropriation,
but simply for a survey. I suppose the chair-
man of the committee has no objection to the
amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have no objection.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSTON. Was the amendment
which I offered included in the amendments
that, hove just been adopted?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stood that the amendment of the Senator from
Virginia was not agreed to in Committee of
(he Whole, and consequently it could not be
included.
Mr. J OHNSTON. Then I renew the amend-
ment which I offered, and which was disagreed
to in Committee of the Whole.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Virginia renews the amendment which he
offered in Committee of the Whole. It will
be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to insert on page 8, after line one hundred
and eighty-five, the following :
For the improvement of James river, in Virginia,
and the removal of bars and obstructions from Itich-
mond to and including Harrison's bar below tho
junction of the James and Appomattox rivers,
8100,000.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope that will be voted
down.
Mr. JOHNSTON. As every other amend-
ment has been adopted, I cannot understand
why the Senator from Michigan should ask the
Senate to vote this amendment down. He
agreed to accept all the other amendments.
This is certainly as meritorious as any that has
been adopted. I really do not understand why
the Senator should propose to discriminate
against this proposition after accepting every
other amendment. I hope the Senate will
adopt it, as they have adopted almost every
other one that has been proposed.
Mr. WILLEY. Mr. President, I desire to
say a word in behalf of old "Virginia. First, I
desire to correct my friend from Alabama [Mr.
Warxek] in his estimates. As I understand
this bill, the southern States get precisely the
sum of $75,000. The appropriation for the
opening of the mouth of the Mississippi is not
a sectional improvement at all; it is more for
the benefit of the great West and Northwest
thanitis forany particular section ofthe South.
The same remark may be made of the improve-
ment of the falls ofthe Ohio at Louisville. The
appropriation for the Ohio above Louisville is
certainly not a southern improvement; and
when you take out all these, you have §50,000
at Mobile and $25,000 at Galveston harbor.
Mr. SPENCER. The Senator will allow
me to correct hira: there is an appropriation
of $80,000 for the Tennessee river.
Mr. WILLEY. Well, include $80,000 for
the Tennessee river.
Mr. CORBETT. And an appropriation for
the Cape Fear river.
Mr. WILLEY. That has been put in since.
I am speaking of the bill as it came from the
committee. It does not appropriate $150,000,
including everything in all the South. Now,
here is a great river in the old mother of States,
leading up to connect directly with the great
central railroad route of this continent, now in
process of construction, speedily to be com-
pleted—the Chesapeake and Ohio railroad—
connecting also with the James river canal; and
there is a provision made for the survey of that
route to the Ohio river, leading in tho direction
of the central trade and traffic and travel of the
continent on the line of latitude with the great
Pacific central railways across this continent
and to the Indies. If there is any improvement
of merit in this bill at all it is the very im-
provement now for which this appropriation is
proposed to be made. 1 am not personally in-
terested in it at all, nor is the State in which I
live particularly interested in it; but I do hope
that this discrimination will not be made against
the State of Virginia, and that this appropri-
ation, as necessary as any contained in the bill,
will be given to this improvement.
Mr. MORTON. I voted against the appro-
priation of $100,000 for the James river, ex-
pecting at that time that all these amendments
would be voted down ; but as others have been
accepted I think the one for Virginia ought not
to be excepted, and I shall vote for it cheer-
fully.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Vir-
ginia, in regard to the James river.
Mr. CHANDLER. On that I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CORBETT. I suggest to the Senator
from Virginia that he accept $50,000.
Mr. BAYARD. The original proposition
was for $200,000, and he has already taken off
half.
Mr. CORBETT. That amount will keep
one or two dredging boats running for a year.
The work is dredging, is it not?
Mr. JOHNSTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. CORBETT. That will keep one or two
dredging boats running for a year.
Mr. SPENCER. It is certainly all they will
need for the next year.
Mr. CORBETT. If the Senator from Vir-
ginia will accept $50,000, that will keep two
dredging boats going.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I will accept it rather
than have any controversy about it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Virginia modifies his amendment by re-
ducing the appropriation to $50,000. Does
the Senator from Michigan withdraw the
demand for the yeas and nays on the amend-
ment as modified ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I move to amend the bill
in the second section by adding "for a survey
of Narraganset bay, Rhode Island."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POOL. I wish to offer an amendment
providing for a survey, to which the chairman
of the committee agrees:
At Nag's Head, in Noith Carolina, with a view of
reopening the old inlet near that place.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. OSBORN. I wish to offer an amend-
menttothe same section, providing for surveys,
by adding:
At the mouth of tlic Appalachicolariver, Florida.
The amendment was agireed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. I desire to renew the
amendment, which was lost by a very small
vote in committee, for an appropriation of
$100,000 to commence the work at the harbor
of Wilmington, California.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California renews the amendment for an appro-
priation of $100,000 at Wilmington, California.
Mr. CASSERLY. No Senator regrets more
than I do to hear sectional appeals made in
this body. We have had a good deal of trouble
from the spirit which grew out of such feelings.
They should be, so far as they can be, omitted.
But when it comes to a question of improving
the rivers and harbors of this country, it is
always a fair subject of observation how the
appropriations are distributed as they should
be with just impartiality and with reference to
the interests of different localities.
Now, sir, I understand of course that I rise
here under some difficulty, the Senator from
Michigan having very dexterously conciliated
an opposition which promised to be formidable
by accepting in gross the whole body of the
amendments which had been adopted in Com-
mittee of the Whole after a portion of them had
been voted down in the Senate by very positive
votes. But, sir, I observe by the figures shown
to me by a Senator near me that four western
States have in this bill appropriations to the
amount of $1,000,000, and the entire coast of
the Pacific within the United States has exactly
§>31,000, and that sum is given entirely to the
State of Oregon. It is the good fortune of
that State to have a memberon the committee.
She is also fortunate in having a member in the
person of myfriend, [Mr. Coebett,] indefati-
gable always in presenting and defending her
claims, and generally highly successful in so
doing.
Mr. CORBETT. Allow me to correct the
Senator. This provision was inserted in the
Home. It was not by my influence.
Mr. CASSERLY. I shall be through in
one moment if the Senator will allow me to go
on. I say the State of Oregon is fortunate in
having upon the committee one of her Sen-
ators. I observe that she absorbs the entire
appropriation for the Pacific coast. I do not.
complain of it. I am sure that it is no more
than she ought to have, probably not so much
as she ought to have. She has a growing com-
merce of her own at the mouth of the great
river from the ancient name of which she has
derived her present name. I do not refer to
it in any spirit of complaint—far from it.
But, sir, it is v/orthy of remark that the State
of California, which.must be conceded to be a
State of growing consequence in your commer-
cial interests, as well as in many other respects,
has not one single dollar of appropriations in
this bill. Need I repeat that her principal
sea-port is to-day, in the amount of revenues
collected, in the amount of customs which she
pays into your Treasury, fourth or fifth in the
list? And yet, so far as this bill is concerned,
no one would conjecture that there was such a
State as California, or such a sea-port as San
Francisco.
I shall not dilate upon what I already at-
tempted to state, after the language of the
memorial of our Legislature with respect to
the great importance of this harbor; but I beg
Senators again to remember that this is the
harbor for all the most important part of the
southern country of California. Itis connected
by railroad with the city of Los Angeles; and
with reference to the future business of the
great trunk Pacific railroad, a bill for which
you passed here the other day, this harbor is
certain to become of very great importance;
and hence I was struck with surprise to see at
least one gentleman who was very active in
carrying that bill so successfully through this
body vote against the proposed appropriation.
I have examined the report read by the Sen-
ator from Michigan against this appropriation
when it was in committee, and it seems to me
there must be some mistake about that report.
It certainly is not the report relied upon by
the Legislature of my own State and referred
