4338
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
igan gave notice that lie has an amendment which
is satisfactory to tlie company.
"Mr. Thayer. But that does not answermy ques-
tion. Some Senator stated that it made no grant of
lands within the State of Nebraska.
" Mr. Pomeeoy. I was not that Senator.
"Mr. Thayer. Did I understand the Senator from
Michigan to make any statement on that subject?
"Mr. Howard. X said nothing about it. I said I
should offer an amendment to the bill which would
reconcile both the companies who claim lands, an
amendment upon which both companies have agreed,
as 1 am credibly informed; and I have no doubt that
such is the fact: and further that by this amendment
there will be granted to the Central Branch railroad
no lands lying within the limits of Nebraska.
'(Mr. Thayer. I did not hear the last remark.
" Mr. Howard. The amendment which I propose
to ojfer, X will say, will not grant to the Central
Branch any lands iying within the limits of Ne-
braska.^ All the lands lying within the limits of that
State will be granted to the otherrailroad company.''
Now, I do not understand that tliis amend-
ment which the honorable Senator offers, and
which has been printed and lies on our tables,
contains any such exception or reservation.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Mich-
igan was speaking of the odd-numbered sec-
tions, that they would be reserved.
Mr. THAYER. The language is broad and
explicit.
Mr. POMEROY. He had reference to the
odd-numbered sections.
Mr. THAYER. The Senator from Michi-
gan said "therewill be granted to the Central
Branch railroad no lands lying within the limits
of Nebraska." There is no exception. Not
an acre, according to this language, was to be
granted to this company within the State of
Nebraska. I ask my friend from Michigan
if that was his intention or expectation at the
time, or rather, if that was his understanding
of his amendment?
Mr. HOWARD. The honorable Senator
from Nebraska seems anxious to make a point
upon me' 
Mr. THAYER. Not at all; but I quoted
from the Globe, from the Senator's language
as reported.
Mr. HOWARD. Of course the bill and
amendment were open to the Senator from
Nebraska as well as to myself.
Mr. THAYER. I had not seen the amend-
ment, and had not heard it read,
Mr. HOWARD. It had been road at the
moment, if my recollection serves me. Pos-
sibly theSenatorfromNebraskadid not under-
stand it very accurately. He may have been
misled. That is very likely. I do not know
what I said actually in the course of the debate ;
there was a great deal of confusion in the
Hall; but I will say this to the Senator, that
at the time I offered the amendment I had not
examined it as critically as it should have
been examined, for the reason that I had had
no opportunity to do so. What may bo its
effect in Nebraska must be judged of from the
language of the amendment itself. What I may
have- said in respect to it cannot change it
one way or the other, and is therefore entirely
immaterial. I may have been mistaken in the
language which I used. Very probably I was
mistaken, in consequence of the haste which
prevailed at the moment, and the noise and
confusion in the Hall. That is all I can say
about that. •
Mr. THAYER. Then it comes to this, that
instead of my not understanding it, my friend
from Michigan did not understand the pro-
visions of the amendment, because, by the
report  
Mr. HOWARD. As to that, I do not see
any occasion for going into these personal in-
quiries as to the meaning and effect of the
amendment. The amendment speaks for itself.
Mr. THAYER. I will state my object in
referring to it. It seems that yesterday it
was intended, or the Senator so thought, to
make an amendment to the bill which would
Obviate all objection on the part of the people
in Nebraska which I have named, and to-
day 
Mr. HOWARD. I supposed and still sup-
pose that all objection on the part of the con-
flicting company in Nebraska has been obviated
by the amendment.
Mr. THAYER. No, sir.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator from Ne-
braska would read his colleague's speech he
would see exactly what the understanding is.
Mr. HOWARD. I hold in my hand a mem-
orandum signed by F. A. White, president of
the Midland Pacific railroad, in which he says,
"The exception in your bill of odd sections in
Nebraska is satisfactory to us."
Mr. THAYER. I have a statement from
a representative of the Brownville and Fort
Kearny road, made to me just as we came into
session, stating that an amendment which was
intended to obviate any difficulty which that
road had, was not printed in the amendment
laid on our tables this morning.
Mr. TIPTON. Will my colleague allow me
to explain ?
Mr. THAYER. Certainly.
Mr. TIPTON. That amendment—itis agreed
upon by us and by the gentleman who gave my
colleague the information—was that when this
Central Branch shall enter the Republican val-
ley, the valley that the Brownville road pro-
poses to traverse, it shall not remain in the
valley further than twenty-five miles, but shall
go on its way northward to the Union Pacific
railroad. That is not printed, but it isagreed
upon among us, and will be offered to this bill
and adopted.
Mr. YATES. Allow me to ask the Senator
from Nebraska how many miles will this road
run through the territory of Nebraska?
Mr. TH.AY15R. It will run across the State
of Nebraska diagonally. I cannot tell the whole
distance across the State.
Mr. YATES. I understood that the one
hundred miles already built extend it nearly to
Nebraska.
Mr. THAYER. From the end of the one
hundred miles already built it will not be long
until it strikes Nebraska ; and then it continues
in Nebraska most of the way to its junction
with the Union Pacific, about two hundred
miles, I suppose; I cannot state accurately.
Mr. POMEROY. Does the Senator state
that this Central Branch road runs two hun-
dred miles through Nebraska.
Mr. THAYER. Yes, sir; I do.
Mr. POMEROY. It does not propose to
run over seventy-five miles, as well as 1 can
judge.
Mr. THAYER. Then, with all due respect
to my friend from Kansas, I must say to him
that he knows very little about it.
Mr. POMEROY. I take it for granted that
they are going to run as straight as they can
conveniently; and if they do it will not be
seventy-five miles.
Mr. THAYER. Where does the Senator
expect that they will form a junction with the
Union Pacific?
Mr. POMEROY. At the nearest practica-
ble point east of the one hundredth meridian.
Mr. THAYER. Where does the Senator
suppose that to be? About Fort Kearny?
Mr. POMEROY. I do not suppose anything
about it.
Mr. THAYER. If at Fort Kearny, this road
will run entirely in the State of Nebraska from
its southern boundary to the Union Pacific.
Mr. POMEROY. It is fifty or sixty miles
from its present terminus to the Nebraska State
line.
Mr. THAYER. I am speaking of the dis-
tance after it strikes the southern boundary of
Nebraska, and it will be more than two hun-
dred miles. Now, sir, whether the representa-
tives of the Nebraska companies have agreed
to any arrangement with this Central Branch
Company or not, I, as a representative of the
State of Nebraska, am not to be bound by any
such agreement.
Mr. POMEROY. The statement I made
was on the supposition that this company are
going to take their road in a direct line. I do
not know where they are going ; but if they go
in a direct line what I stated is about the
straight distance.
Mr. THAYER. The amendment my col-
league referred to contemplates their striking
off further to the west. I was saying that no
agreement or understanding by parties repre-
senting the different roads can control the
action of the representatives of the State. I
am here to speak in behalf of the people of
the State of Nebraska. I repeat in most em-
phatic language that the people of that State '
ask for the construction of the Brownville
and Fort Kearny and the Midland Pacific
roads, which are corporations within thatState,
and whose roads are to run through the whole
State. For them I ask for a land grant. I ask
for the odd sections. The people do object
to the etcn sections being taken up by the
Central Branch, a foreign corporation. Sir,
wo protest against a solid belt of land fifty
miles wide being thus absorbed for railroad
purposes ; no public interest, no public policy,
no rights in behalf of this central branch of
the Union Pacific railroad demand any such
grant. It is an extraordinary grant, a grant
which I do not believe has ever been made.
Granting away of the even sections, after the
alternate sections had already been given, has
never been done with the intelligent sanction
of Congress. As I stated awhile ago, I am so
informed by a Senator who has had a seat in
this body many years. He did not believe it
was so intended by Congress ; that if such bills
had passed they had been passed without being
fully understood. Sir, I repeat, in the name
of the people of Nebraska, I protest against
giving away the even sections. I claim for our
roads the odd sections. I claim then the
even sections for settlement, for homesteads,
for preemptions.
Now, Mr. President, that there may be no
misunderstanding about it I quote that portion
of this amendment to which attention was
called by my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman:]
And provided, Ibat there shall be. and are hereby,
reserved from the grant to said Central Branch Union
Pacific iiailroad Company all sections or parts of
sections of land designated by odd numbers situate
within the limits of the State of Nebraska.
My friend from Kansas called my attention
to this a few moments ago. That provision is
here. It does except from this grant the odd
sections in Nebraska, but the object is then to
take the even sections, which will be done if
this bill passes; and here is the obnoxious
feature, a measure which is not called for by
any public interest, and whose claims are not
sustained by the law or the facts. This claim
is set up, and the prospect seems to be that it
is to be sustained. Senators can understand
why, with these facts before me, I object to
the passage of this bill. I ask my friend from
Iowa [Mr. Harlan] if he would be willing that
within the State of Iowa a belt of land fifty
miles wide should be given away to two rail-
road companies and none left for settlement?
Mr. HARLAN. I answer very cheerfully
that I think the principle of giving the whole
of the land to a railroad company within given
limits would be wrong, clearly so. I so stated
in my remarks in reply to the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio, that 1 thought his observations
were just and proper; but there are exceptional
cases. Congress has in several instances per-
mitted the even sections to be taken, in one
case in Iowa, in one case in Missouri, and 1
remember a case in Kansas, and also a casein
Minnesota, I think.
Mr. THAYER. Does the Senator remem-
berthe extent of land given away in those cases,
and the reason why ?
Mr. HARLAN. The reason in the Iowa
case was that most qf the land had been sold
or taken up by settlers.
Mr. POMEROY. Itis the same in this case.
Itir. HARLAN. The Committee on the
Pacific Railroad understand the facts in this
case to be substantially the same; that, under-
standing where the line of this railroad was,
settlers have gone on in advance during the
