15Q6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
He was appointed provisionalgoveruor accord-
ing to law, and has acted as such. He was
provisional governor when this gentleman was
elected Senator, and continued to be provis-
ional governor until the President signed the
bill which he has signed to-day, and it is an-
nounced that Mississippi is restored to her
representation here.
Mr. STOCKTON. Will the Senator per-
mit me to ask him one question? I should like
to ask when Mississippi became entitled to
representation in this body ?
Mr. WILSON. This very morning ; nottill
then.
Mr. STOCKTON. Then the Senator admits
that the two persons claiming seats were
elected before the State was entitled to repre-
sentation.
Mr. WILSON. Certainly ; and so have all
the others who have been elected in these
States, and that is tsue generally with regard
to,the first Senators from new States formed
out,of Territories.
Mr. THAYER. My friend from Massachu-
setts will permit me to state a fact. In the
case of the State of Nebraska, the Governor
gave .certificates certifying to the election of
my colleague and myself, although he had never
taken the oath of office, and could not take
it as Governor of Nebraska, because the Ter-
ritory had not been admitted as a State. He
gave a certificate that my colleague and myself
were elected Senators in advance, the legality
.of the act depending upon the subsequent ac-
tion of Congress in admitting the State. That
perfected it; it was not perfected before.
Mr. WILSON. The practice has been, I think,
from the beginningofthe Government in almost
every case lor the new State Legislature before
the final admission of the State to elect Sena-
tors. It was so in Missouri years ago. It has
been so in nearly every new State organized
under the Government, and it has been so, I
think, in all of the reconstructed States: Their
Senators were elected by the Legislatures before
the States were finally declared entitled to rep-
resentation, and when so declared they took
their S6fttS
Mr. STOCKTON. May I ask the Senator
from Massachusetts whether he considers that
the government of the State of Mississippi is
republican in form up to this time ?
Mr. WILSON. I do not understand the Sen-
ator. I did not hear him fully.
< Mr. STOCKTON. I asked whether, at the
time of the election of these Senators, at the
date of these credentials, the government of the
State of Mississippi was republican in form.
Mr. WILSON. I think when these Senators
are admitted here there will be no question
about Mississippi being a State republican in
form and republican in reality and in fact. It
will be remembered that Governor Alcorn,
who was elected Governor, declined to act as
provisional governor. He is now on his way
to Mississippi to accept the office of Governor
of the State. Up to the time of the signing
of this bill by the President General Ames
has been provisional governor. The action in
this case has been precisely like the action in
all the other cases. It is a simple and plain
case, and I hope there will be no further objec-
tion to administering the oath.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
upon the reception of the papers submitted by
the Senator from Massachusetts and objected
to by the Senator from Delaware. As many
as are in favor of receiving the papers will say
"ay;" those opposed, "no."
The question being put, the decision was in
the affirmative; and the paper was received.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Now, the ques-
tion that arises on the credentials is, Shall the
oath of office be administered ? That is sub-
ject, however, to the prior motion suggested
by the Senator from New Jersey.
Mr. STOCKTON. I send to the Chair a
resolution. I had drawn this resolution refer-
ring to the case of the other Senator-elect from
Mississippi, and I prefer leaving it so, although
his credentials are not at present before us.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They ai;e not
before the body. If not objected to the reso-
lution will be entertained in that form], but if
objected to it will be amended so as to apply
only to the case before the Senate. The res-
olution will be read.
Mr. POME ROY. I reserve my right to object.
Mr. STOCKTON. I did not hear what the
Senator from Kansas said.
Mr. POMEROY. I want to hear the reso-
lution read, reserving my right to object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. . It will not be
before the Senate until it is reported.
11 . The Chief Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
' lows:
Resolved, Thatthooredentialsof AdelbertAmesand
. Hiram B. Revels, who are now claiming seats in this
1 body as Senators-elect from the State or Mississippi,
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, who
. are hereby requested to inquire and report whether
1 either or both the parties have been citizens of the
; ( United States for the period of nine years, and were
; i inhabitants of the State of Mississippi at the time of
i their alleged election in the sense intended by the
]1 third section of the first article of the Constitution
i, of the United States; and whether the said Adelbert
Ames was not for several months prior to and at the
time of his alleged election a commissioned officer
of the Army of t.ho United States, and as such on
duty in the said State as military commander therein
tinder the reconstruction acts of Congress, and
whether he has resigned his said commission in the
Army,
Mr. POMEROY. I apprehend that a reso-
lution of that character cannot pass on the first
, day of its introduction.
Mr. EDMUNDS, it is not open to that
objection. It is a proposition to refer creden-
i : tials. It is a motion in effect.
I> Mr. POMEROY. If it is made in the shape
: of a motion relative to pending business I
should not object; but this is a resolution in
relation to papers not before the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is another question.
Mr. WARNER. I hope the Senator from
Kansas will withdraw his objection, and let us
vote on the resolution.
j: Mr. STOCKTON. I am perfectly willing
j to let the resolution take the course the Sen-
i i ator from Kansas suggests.
' | The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair was
about to rule that the point made by the Sen-
ator from Kansas is not correct.
j I Mr. POMEROY. As to papers not before
the Senate ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
make his decision, covering the whole case.
The question being before the body, any mo-
tion legitimately growing out of it is also before
the body, and entitled to the same rights as a
question of privilege.
Mr. POMEROY. I did not object to the
motion to refer the papers before us. What
I object to is the motion to refer papers not
before the body.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That objection
is good. The objection of the Senator from
Kansas is to referring the credentials of Mr.
Ames, which are not yet before the body. The
Chair stated that that would not be in order
if any Senator objected.
Mr. STOCKTON. The objection of the
Senator from Kansas is perfectly correct. I
stated that before I offered the resolution.
Now, the point being made, I will strike out
the reference to General Ames.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not object to the
consideration of the resolution as modified.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will be modified by the Secretary; and the
question is on agreeing to the resolution of the
Senator from New Jersey as modified.
Mr. STOCKTON. I desire to state the
reason why I preferred to have the resolution
stand in its original shape. It was because I
wished to make a few remarks to show the
Senate that the case of General Ames really
presents an important question for this body
to examine. It is a question that has nothing
to do with politics, and I will say to the Sen-
ator from Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds,] who
asked me a question a moment ago, that it has
' nothing to do with personal matters of any kind
whatever. I say this most distinctly. I have
heard from sources which are entitled to the
highest credit kind things about both these
i gentlemen; and in reference to General Ames,
! 1 have heard him spoken of as one of our be*>t
; and most gallant officers. I have nothing per-
sonal against either of them, and if I had ii
certainly should not operate on my course us
a Senator of the United States. I propose
simply to suggest the point to the Senate, and
then to ask them whether they do not think
the Judiciary Committee should examine into
; this question.
Sir, I presume this is the first time in the
history of the country that there have been
i presented to this body credentials of a man
claiming a seat in the Senate signed by a
! brigadier general of the Army; and it is under-
j, stood—I might as well allude to it here—that
^ this general of the Army who was commander
of the military district from which this cre-
dential comes has also been elected a Sen-
ator, and his credentials are immediately after-
ward to be presented. But it is not the first
time that this question has come up in the
country. There are many cases that have
occurred in the House of Representatives in-
volving somewhat analogous questions, and I
j think the decision in every one of them is
| against the admission of these Senators,
j The Constitution of the United States pro-
■ vides that—
"The Senate of the United States shall be com-
posed of two Senators from each State, chosen by
I the Legislature thereof for six years, and each Sen-
, ator shall have one vote."
And further:
" No person shall be a Senator who shall not have
attained to the age of thirty years and been nine
years a citizen of the United States, and who shall
not, when elected.be an inhabitant of that State
■ for which he shall be chosen."
Now, I simply propose that the Senate shall
ask the Judiciary Committee to inquire whether
j these two gentlemen are inhabitants of the
! State from which they have been chosen. I do
; not know the facts; but if the facts are as they
have been stated on the public records of your
j Government, if the truth is that Mr. Ames has
a military commission in his pocket, and had no
other domicile or habitancy in the State of
Mississippi but such as he acquired as a mili-
, tary officer, I say he is certainly not an "in-
habitant" of that State within the meaning of
the Constitution.
A man cannot acquire domicile or inhabit-
ancy where he is sojourning involuntarily.
General Ames had to go when the command
was "go;" he had to come when the com-
mand was "come;" and it is an admitted
principle in reference to the law of domicile
and inhabitancy that a man cannot acquire it
by mere residence, in the position of a military
i; officer, or in any involuntary capacity. I do
1 not mean to say that a military officer cannot
in another capacity acquire a residence, that a
military officer may not remove his family and
acquire a residence in a place; but if he has
no other domicile there, he cannot acquire it
by the mere act of sojourning there in his
military capacity.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to ask a
: question for information, whether the Senator
from New Jersey understands the fact to be
( that Mr. Revels was not an inhabitant of Mis-
; sissippi at the time of his election ?
j! Mr. STOCKTON. I think it unnecessary for
j: the gentleman to ask me that question when I
j stated in the beginning that I had drawn a
j ■ resolution in reference to the two persons, and
II desired the Senate to hear me now for con-
venience sake on both cases together. I am
perfectly aware that the credentials of Mr.
: Ames are not before the Senate, but the ques-
tion comesup because General Ames has signed
;i the certificate of Mr. Revels as provisional
: governor, and because it is understood that his
own credentials are next to be presented.
