1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5283
to in its resolutions. That report was the
report of our chief officer of engineers on that
coast, General Alexander. I have sought for
it, but, I regret to say, without finding it; and
yet undoubtedly it was designed that it should
come, because the resolutions as certified to
this body speak of the report and map of
General Alexander appended thereto. That
is evidently something later, something more
authentic' than the report read by the Senator
from Michigan from the printed volume of
documents accompanying the President's mes-
sage, which was a report made by Major Wil-
liamson, who is probably known to many
Senators.
I am sure that the figures mentioned by the
i .egislature ot' the State in its resolution,
$350,000, are not out of the way. Three hun-
dred and fifty thousand dollars is but a little
more than the amount of four years' expense
of lighterage from the shore to the large ves-
sels, obliged to lie four miles from the land by
reason of the condition of that harbor. This
whole expense of the improvements of that
harbor amounts to but four years' lighterage
less $50,000; and with this improvement the
risk and the expense thus caused will of course
cease.
I trust that this amendment will be adopted,
for it is the only appropriation which goes to
that coast south of the Columbia river.
Mr. COLE. I was out of the Chamber and
engaged upon a conference committee at the
time this amendment was moved in Committee
of the Whole, and I had not, therefore, an
opportunity to vote upon it at that time, and
am not now advised of the action of the com-
mittee further than by a mere allusion to it.
The report that has been alluded to, made
by General Alexander, chief of the engineers
of the United States Army on that coast, rec-
ommends au appropriation of $350,000 for the
creation of a convenient and safe harbor at
San Pedro, which is the sea-port of the town
of Los Angeles, and the one through which
pass most of the supplies of that part of the
Slate, and from which are exported very many
products of that portion of the State. I remem-
ber, however, one feature of the report; I have
it not before me at present. It is that the
appropriation that is recommended should be
made without miy intermission or delay, and 1
must therefore suggest that the proposition to
appropiiate $100,000 to begin the work would
not be in accordance with the recommendation
of that skillful engineer, General Alexander.
If an appropriation could be made for all that
is asked and required for the perfecting of that
harbor it would be a very great advantage to
that portion of the Pacific coast.
It is true, as stated by my colleague, and by
myself once before, that no appropriation is
embodied in this bill for the improvement of
any river or harbor in that State. The total
amount, I will add, that has been appropriated
since that country has belonged to the United
States for the improvement of rivers and har-
bors on that coast, I will say more particularly
for the rivers and harbors of California, has
been exceedingly small. A small appropria-
tion I think was made about the year 1853 for
the improvement of the harbor of San Diego.
I am aware that a portion of the last appro-
priation for the improvement of rivers and
haxbors, amounting I think to from fifty to
sixty thousand dollars—I do not recollect the
exact sum—has been used for the purpose of
removing Blossom rock, in the harbor of San
Francisco. If any other expenditure has been
made for the improvement of rivers and har-
bors in that State I do not now remember it.
I will say that we shall not require a large
sum for the improvement of the rivers and
harbors of California. This appropriation for
the improvement of the harbor of San Pedro
will be, as I fcslisve, the largest that will ever
be asked for. A aueh smaller appropriation
will eventually be needad for the harbor of
San Diego, and perhaps a little additional im-
provement in the harbor of San Francisco,
and a small appropriation for the improve-
ment of the Sacramento river, which, I will
state, has been improved by the private enter-
prise of a company navigating that river. The
California Navigation Company have expended
many thousand dollars out of their own funds
for the improvement of that river; but their
own private purse is not equal to all that is
required to be done to make it navigable as
it should be. A small appropriation will be
needed at some time for the improvement of
that river.
I observe in this bill, in a general item, a
proposition for the survey of that river at a
certain point, the point to which I have alluded,
for the purpose of ascertaining what improve-
ment should be made there. In my judgment,
the total amount of expenditure that the Gen-
eral Government will need to make will be
comparatively small. When that survey is
made, next year or the year following, I shall
ask Congressto make the proper appropriation.
When these appropriations are made for these
new works California will not further annoy
Congress by these requests.
If the committee who have had before them
this application for the improvement of the
harbor at Wilmington, or San Pedro, had seen
fit. to make the appropriation at this time, I
think it would have been well.
At an earlier stage of the session I referred
to that committee a series of resolutions passed
by the Legislature of California, which embodied
in full the report of General Alexander. I re-
gret that they have not seen fit to embody it in
this bill, because when the work is once done
it is done forever. I will, however, in candor
repeat what I said before, that General Alex-
ander's report was that the total amount he
estimated for should be appropriated at once;
that it should not be expended in piecemeal,
because if the work is partially completed and
then left it will result in damage and loss. I
do not know, therefore, but that my colleague
may as well withdraw this proposed appropri-
ation. He should either do that or put it up to
the sum demanded by the eugiueer who made
the survey.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment of the Senator
from California.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hops it will not be
agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask the yeas and nays
upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. THURMAN. I do hope that the friends
of this bill will agree to this amendment. If I
understand the matter, while there are some
millions appropriated by this bill for the coun-
try to the East, there are but $50,000 appro-
priated for the whole Pacific coast. Now, if
there is any part of our coast line that needs
harborage and needs improvement, surely it is
the Pacific coast. As every one knows, the
natural harbors there are comparatively few.
If you only wanted this place as a harbor of
refuge it ought to be improved; but it will be
a harbor of commerce as well as a harbor of
refuge, I gather from what has been said by
the Senator from California; and certainly it
does not look graceful in the friends of this bill
to take money by the million for this side and
refuse to the Pacific coast anything beyond a
few thousand dollars ; I believe only $50,000.
Mr. CASSERLY. Thirty-one thousand dol-
lars.
Mr. THURMAN. Thirty-one thousand dol-
lars for the whole Pacific coast, and we take
millions! I do not think it looks well. I hope
this amendment may be agreed to.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 26 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Boreman.Casseily,
Colo, Fowler, Johnston, Lewis, JlcCreery, Osoorn,
Robertson, Ross, Saulobury, Sawyer. Sprague, Stew-
art, ritookton, Ttiurinan, Tipton, Yiclters, Warner,
and Willey—22.
NAYS—Mesxrs. Anthony, Carpenter, Chandler,
Conkling.Corbett, Cragin, Brake, denton, Gilbert,
Harlan, Howard, Howell, McDonald, Morrill, of
Maine, Morrill of \ ermout, Morton, Pomeroy, Pratt,"
Ramsey, Rice, Pcott, bherman, Spencer, Sumner,
Williams, and Wilson—26.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Brownlow. Buckingham,
Cameron, Cattell, Davis, Edmunds, Terry, Flanagan,
Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin,
Harris, Howe, Kellogg, Norton, Nye, Patterson, Pool,
Revels, iScburz, ihayer, Trumbull, and Yates—24.
So the amendment was rejected.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill wa3 read the third time, and passed.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had agreed to the
concurrent resolution of the Senate for the
printing of the report of the Superintendent of
the United States Coast Survey for the year
1869, one thousand extra copies for the use of
the Senate, two thousand extra copies for the
use of the House of Representatives, and one
thousand extra copies, for distribution by the
Superintendent of the Coast Survey.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the report of the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 781) makiug
appropriations for the payment of invalid and
other pensions of the United States for the
year ending June 30, 1871.
The message farther announced that the
House had passed the following bills and joint
resolutions : in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 175) to cede to the State
of Ohio the unsold lands in the Virginia mili-
tary district in said State;
A bill (H. R. No. 363) to confirm title to
certain lands in Illinois ;
A bill (H. R. No. 569) to vacate the Fort
Dakota military reservation in the Territory
of Dakota, and for other purposes;
A bill (II. R. No. 086) to make the Terri-
tory of Arizona a separate surveying district,
and to establish the office of surveyor general
therein :
A bill (H. R. No. 1545) relinquishing what-
ever title may remain in the United States to
a certain parcel of ground in Fremont, Ohio,
to the corporation of Fr&mont;
A biil (H. R. No. 2026) to repeal an act
entitled "An act to confirm the grant of cer-
tain lands to Jos6 Dominguez, in California/'
approved June 12, I860;
A bill (H. R. No. 2209) to carry into effect
the decree of the circuit court of the United
States for the southern district of New York,
in the case of the schooner L. S. Davis, and
her cargo;
A bill (H. R. No. 2353) to create a port of
delivery at Duluth, Minnesota;
A bill (H. R. No. 2361) for the relief of the
heirs of Jethro Wood, the inventor of the mod-
ern plow ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2372) for the relief of cer-
tain purchasers of lands from the legal repre-
sentatives of Bartholomew Cousin;
A bill (H. R. No. 2374) to authorize the
importation of a common road steam locomo-
tive free of duty;
A biM (II. R. No. 237-5) allowing the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to increase the pay of
inspectors of customs;
A bill (H. R. No. 2307) granting arrears of
pension to certain persons therein named ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 183) directing
the Commissioner of the General Land Office
to issue a patent to Stephen Marston, of Hart-
ford, State of Connecticut, conveying to the
said Marston the lands described in said reso-
lution ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 358) to eon-
| slrue the act of March 31, 1808.
| The message likewise announced that the
J House had pass"d the following bills of the
i Senate:
i A bill (S. No. ?-i) to carry into effect the
