1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3395
the office of sub-Treasurer in the city of New
York and at the same time an officer of the
Army?
Mr. SHERMAN. I am opposed to any-
body on the active list holding any civil office ;
but I should like to put a question to the Sen-
ator. Take the case of General Fessenden, a
one-legged soldier, who lost his leg in the ser- 1
vice and is now on our retired list. Would
.oil deny to him the right to hold the office of
mayor of Portland, a thing which I noticed ,
with surprise ? I have now in my eye an officer
of the highest credit and rank, who lost almost
his life in the service of the country, who is ,
now breathing through one lung, who would
be honored by the people of Ohio with any
office he would accept; would he be denied
ihe right to hold some subordinate place, say
that of postmaster, merely because he was
wounded in the Bervice of his country? It
seems to me revolting.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose that we must
make our laws of a general character. It is
possible that the Senator from Ohio may be
able to adduce instances where he thinks it
would be very proper for a retired officer to
hold some civil office. I do not suppose the
law prevents such an officer from holding an
office under State authority. If the people of
Portland think proper to elect General Fes-
senden a justice of the peace or mayor I do
not know that the bill as it passed the House
would cover his case at all. I suppose it is
confined to offices under the United States.
I have not the bill before me at this time, but
I presume that to be the case.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That would be the legal
0TT0pt r\f s nnrfip
Mr.' TRUMBULL. That would be the legal
effect unless the law were worded so as to pre-
vent his holding a State office. But the diffi-
culty will be that if you allow officers upon the
retired list to hold civil offices the law will be
evaded. Persons will be placed on the retired
list for the purpose of giving them appoint-
ments in the civil service. I think that this
Government is a civil government. It should
be administered by civilians. The Army itself
is subject to the civil authorities of the coun-
try ; and I do not believe in having the civil
offices of the country administered by the mili-
tary authorities, and therefore I am in favor
of this twenty-first section, " that it shall not
be lawful for any officer of the Army of the
United States on the active list to hold any
civil officeand I would strike out the words
"on the active list" and say " it shall not be
lawful for any officer of the Army of the Uni-
ted States to hold any civil office," except, if
you think proper so to provide, or if you think
it necessary, that retired officers might be
assigned to duty perhaps in the Indian service;
and I think they could be under the provision
of the amendment of the Senator from Wis-
consin.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I object to that excep-
tion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Perhaps it is not best
to have the exception, and then you might pro-
vide, perhaps, that this should not apply to
State officers. But, in my judgment, for the
general good of this country, and as a general
rule, the exclusion should be absolute; and if
persons wish to#hold civil offices under this
Government let them give up their military
positions.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, the amend-
ment of the Senator from Wisconsin concludes
with a provision that the retired officer who
may be assigned to duty shall not thereby have
any increase of pay over that which belongs to
a retired officer. Now, sir, it seems to me that
by adding that to the provision he takes away
from it any benefit to accrue to the retired
officer. Of what advantage is it to a retired
officer to be assigned to active duty when he
gets nothing more for it? The precise hard-
ship in the case is that certain officers have
oeen retired who are poor mea, whp ha73 large
families to support, who are quite capable of
performing active duty, and who desire to re-
turn to active duty that they may get the salary
that belongs to an officer on active duty.
I will call the attention of the chairman of
the committee to one case. Dr. McDougall,
one of the oldest surgeons in the Army, nearly
sixty-four years of age, was retired, I believe,
in 1866, one of the most eminent men in the
profession in the Army, of fine physical and
mental vigor, as strong intellectually as he ever
was. He has a large family and is a poor man,
and he has been seeking in various ways to be
restored to the active list and put on active
duty that he may get the salary of an officer in
the active list. His pay as a retired officer is
not sufficient for him. I am in fovor of this
amendment, striking out that part of it to which
I have referred, because if the officer is able
to perform active duty, why not give him the
pay ? Will not the Senator consent to amend it?
Mr. CARPENTER. If the Senator from
Indiana moves that amendment I shall cer-
tainly vote for it. I desire in this connection
simply to state that I would of course prefer
the section as he suggests it. I put it, how-
ever, in this form at the suggestion of several
retired officers who happened to be my per-
sonal friends and acquaintances, and who make
this plea. It is not so much with them a mat-
ter of dollars and cents as it is the indignity
that seems to be put upon them by the act
which my amendment repeals. They smart
under that more than they do under the loss
of service and of the additional pay. If the
Senator will move the amendment he suggests
I certainly will vote for it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is not in order now.
Mr. CARPENTER. Whenever it is in
order, then ?
Mr. MORTON. I will move an amendment,
to strike off that part of the proposition.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is an
amendment to an amendment now pending.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 ask the indulgence of
the Senate to reply very briefly to one or two
points made by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Trumbull.] What is the condition of a retired
officer ? He is simply an officer who has per-
formed his duty well, who is discharged by the
United States as no longer needed in the mil-
itary service of the country. In consideration
of his services he is allowed a small sum amount-
ing to from seventy-five to one hundred and
twenty-five dollars a month. Now, such an
officer as this is forbidden by law, I am told,
to hold a civil office, either by election or ap-
pointment ; and thus is condemned to poverty
all the rest of his life, merely because he once
rendered good service to the United States of
America.
Is there justice in that? Is there any equity
in it? Is there any reason in it? Why cannot
such an officer hold a seat in the Senate of the
United States ? Why is he not as worthy to hold
a seat here, if he is a man of equal ability, as
anybody else ? Why should he not hold a seat
in the House of Representatives, as a member
of that House, if he is elected by his neighbors
who know him ? Why should he not hold any
appointment ? Should the fact that he has ren-
dered military service and received this reward
of merit, a small pension, prevent him? Would
you vote for a law that would prevent a military
pensioner from holding any office of trust or
honor? Certainly not. There is no ground for it;
and the whole basis of this opposition to retired
officers holding offices under the Governmentis
a vague idea that the people of the United States
have something to fear from military men, or
men who have served in the Army. I thought
we had outlived that absurd idea. That is the
whole of it; that because a man has served m
the Army, has been an Army officer, and is
called an Army officer, but is on the retired
list, discharged from the military service, no
longer necessary for service, therefore he is
UEfii to perform cavil duty; he cannot enter
the lists with all the rest of us and hold officte
either by election or appointment. It seems
to me that the fear is an idle one; that there
is no reason for this exclusion 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does the Senator from
Ohio wish to know why a retired officer can-
not be a member of the Senate or the House?
He has asked that question.
Mr. SHERMAN. There may be some pro-
hibition of the Constitution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Do you not suppose
there was a reason for it in the Constitution?
The Constitution says that no person holding
any office under the United States shall be a
member of either House of Congress.
Mr. SHERMAN. I doubt very much whether
a retired officer is an officer of the Army within
the meaning of the Constitution of the United
States. The Senator himself says that that
provision only applies to a member of the Sen-
ate or a member of the House of Represent-
atives. The framers of the Constitution never
forbade a man who had rendered military service
from holding any other office by appointment or
election. There may be reasons why a retired
officer or an officer^of the Army, especially
while an officer, and bound by law to obey a
superior, should not hold a seat here in a co-
ordinate branch of the Government; but those
reasons do not apply to a person who is on
the retired list, a soldier of honor, no longer
in your military service, and no longer subject
to orders. A retired officer cannot be ordered
into the field by the President, cannot be or-
dered to perform the simplest duty of an officer;
he is retired by law. The reason of that pro-
hibition was founded upon the military right
of the President of the United States to order
an officer of the Army, and therefore he can-
not be a Senator or a Representative, because
the Senator and the Representative, in theory
at least, must be independent and above the
power of the President. But, sir, that reason-
ing does not apply to an administrative officer,
nor does the language of the Constitution
forbid a retired officer from holding any civil
employment conferred upon him by anybody
in the various walks of life except only to share
in the legislative power. The Constitution
thought proper to guard the Senator and the
Representative from executive influence.
Mr. President, when I saw in the newspapers
that objection was made, for instance, to Gen-
eral Sickles, a retired officer with one leg, hold-
ing a civil office, even abroad, and that objec-
tion was made that General Fessenden, another
wounded officer, could not be mayor of his
native town, and when objection was made
that retired officers in my own State coold not
hold the office of postmaster because, forsooth,
they had served in the Army and were still on
the retired list as pensioners, (because that is
all there is of it,} it seemed to me shocking,
and that any such prohibition ought to be
repealed. I was here when this retired list
was first organized. It was simply organised
as a mode of increasing the pensions of mili-
tary officers, and the retired list was limited
carefully in number, both of the Army and
Navy, to a certain limited proportion of the
officers, and it was a means of increasing the
pension of those officers. It was a reward of
merit, a mark of honor. That was all there
was of it. There are now one hundred and
seventy 
Mr. WILSON. This bill provides for three
hundred. ✓
Mr. SHERMAN. I remember when the
proposition was first made to form this retired
list it was stated that there were officers in the
Army and Navy who were unable to discharge
their duties; but they had their offices for life
and they could not be turned out, and the Army
became inefficient because these brave men,
old men, many of them at that time—it was
before the war—were unfit to discharge mili-
tary duty. It was proposed, in order to reju-
venate the Army and Navy to some extent, to
form this veteran reserve corps, if I may so
