1870.
TBD CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1507
Mr. EDMUNDS, My friend from New Jer-
sey misunderstands my question. I wish to be
informed whether the Senator from New Jersey
understands the fact to be that Mr. Revels—I
am not speaking, now of Mr. Ames—is not an
inhabitant of the State of Mississippi.
Mr. STOCKTON. I have heard it so stated
and I should like inquiry made as to how the
fact is. 1 do not kuow anything about Mr.
Revels's residence myself; but i have seen it
stated that he is not an inhabitant of the State
of Mississippi.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to see the
authority for that.
Mr. C0NKL1NG. Was he not a member of
the senate ol the State?
Mr. STOCKTON. I do not know. I know i
nothing about it; but I have seen it stated that
he was not an inhabitant of Mississippi. The
very object of the investigation I propose is to j
ascertain the fact.
Mr. President, the Constitution of the United
States provides further:
"No person holding any office under the United
Suites shall be a member of either Bouse during his
continuance in office."
I wish the Judiciary Committee to inquire
whether the Army Register which you have
published is true; whether this gentleman, Mr.
Ames, has been commanding a military depart- .
ment; whether he has been a lieutenant colonel ;
and brevet brigadier general of the United
States Army or not; and if he has been so, j
whether he was so when he was elected. Then i
the grave question comes up, if he was so when
he was elected can he make himself eligible by
resigning afterward ? Are not these grave ques-
tions?
N ow, let me call the attention of the Senate
to an act of Congress passed in 1865. I read
from Brightly'8 Digest, volume two, page 201:
"It shall not be lawful for any military or naval
officer of the United States, or other person engaged
in the civil, militaiy, or naval service of the United
Butts, to order, bring, keep, or have under his au-
thority or control any troops or armed men at the
place where any general or special election is held in
any State of the United States of America, unlessit
shall be necessary to repel the armed enemies of the
United States, or to keep the peace at the polls. And
that it shall not be lawful for any officerof theAnry
or Navy of the United States to prescribe or fix. or
attempt to prescribe or fix, by proclamation, order,
or othe' wise, the qualifications of voters in any State
of the United States of America, or in any manner
to interfere with the freedom of any eleotioa in any
State, or with the exercise of the free right of suf-
frage in any State of the United States. Any officer
of the Army or Navy of the United States, or other
person engaged in the civil, military, or naval ser-
vice of the United States who violates this section
of this act shall, for every such offense be liable to
indictment as for a misdemeanor in any court of the
United States having jurisdiction to hear, try, and
determine cases of misdemeanor, and on conviction
thereof shall pay a fine not exceeding $5,000, and
suffer imprisonment in the penitentiary not less than
three months nor more than five years, at the dis-
cretion of the court trying the same; and any per-
son convicted as aforesaid shall, moreover, be dis-
qualified from holding any office of honor, profit, or
trust under the Government of the United States."
That act was passed at the close of the war,
and it shows what was the sense of Congress
in reference to interfering with State elections
or controlling them in any way by the presence
of the military. Now, Mr. President, 1 do not
know anything on this subject that I have a
right to state to the Senate, because I am not
myself a witness to the fact, except the one
fact that Mr. Ames was a brevet brigadier gen-
eral at the time of his election; that Mr. Revels
comes with ci edentials porporting to come from
a brevet brigadier general who is on the Army
Register and is there set down as being in com-
mand of a military district. Is that in consist-
ence with this act of Congress?
But I go further. 1 hold in my handthe con-
stitution of the State of Mississippi, as printed
by order of this Congress, and on page 18 of that
document you will find this section :•
" All laws now in foree in this State not enacted in
furtheranceof secession and rebellion, andnotrepug-
nant to this constitntion, shall continue in operation
until they shall expire by their own limitation or be
altered or repealed by the Legislature, except the
hereinafter-mentioned laws."
Among those laws, not repealed and now a
la* of the State of Mississippi, on page 586
of the revised code of Mississippi, is this:
"It shall not be lawful for any military officers or
other person to order, bring, or keep any troops or
armed men at any place within a mile of anyplace
where a general or special eleetion is being held,
except for the purpose of quelling a riot."
Mr. President, let me refer the Senate to
Bailey's case, on page 411 of the second volume
of Contested-Election Cases in Congress. The
real question, I think, that the Judiciary Com-
mittee ought to examine, ia the effect of the
word "inhabitant" that is used in the Consti-
tntion of the United States; and, as I said be-
fore, not with reference to these gentlemen per-
sonally, not with reference to this case, perhaps,
but in reference to a great question, a question
of permanent importance, what is the meaning
of the word "inhabitant" as it is used in the
Constitntion? 1 confess that although some-
what familiar with the use of the words '' domi-
cile" and "inhabitant," I was not aware that
the word "inhabitant" was used because it was
considered the strongest possible word to ex-
press the idea intended when the Constitution
was formed. The word "resident" was consid-
ered weaker than the word '4 inhabitant.'' The
subject occupied the particular attention of the
Convention that formed the Constitution, and
that word "inhabitant" was not introduced
without much consideration and discussion.
44 In the draft of the Constitution'' ——
Mr. DAVIS. What is the Senator reading
from?
Mr. STOCKTON, ol will state presently :
" In the draft of the Constitution reported by the
committee of five, on the 6th of August, the word
' resident' was contained, and on the 8th of the same
month the Convention Amended that report by
striking out' resident' and inserting ' inhabitant' as
a stronger term, intended more clearly to express
their intention that the persons to be elected should
be completely identified with the State in which they
were to be chosen."
I am reading from page 415 of the second
volume of Contested-Election Cases in Con-
gress, from the report of the committee. The
head-note of the case is :
"An iohabitant of a State within the meaning of
the second section of the first article of the Consti-
tution is one who is bona fide a member of the State,
subject to all the requisitions of its laws and entitled
to all the privilegesand advantages which they con-
fer."
I ask if in reference to an Army officer who
never had any residence in Mississippi except
as a military commander this is not a grave
enough question to be examined? We are
setting a precedent, and it is a very serious pre-
cedent. I think that the Senate has been in
the habit whenever questions of this kind were
presented of giving them acareful examination.
There are many other cases of similar char-
acter to that which I have cited. I will not
detain the Senate with going into them ; I will
simply state them. The matter is fully ex-
amined in Story's Conflict of Laws, page 457;
in Levy's case, 2 Contested-Election Cases,
41; 1 Kent's Commentaries, pages 76 to 86;
in the case of the Diana, 5 Robinson, and the
Ocean, in 5 Robinson.
Mr. President, when the Constitution said
that Senators were to be chosen, elected, se-
lected, it meant that the people were to have
a free choice; it meant that they were to send
whom they liked, who suited them best;
and in order to preserve that these restrictions
were placed in the Constitution. He must be
a man identified with their interests. One of
the definitions of " inhabitancy " is "the place
where the man's largest interest is concerned.''
That seems to have been its original meaning.
If the 8enate of the United States should now
establish the precedent that any military offi-
cer has such a habitancy in the State in which
he is living as a military commander that he is
eligible to be chosen a Senator it does seem
to me that we shall be departing very far from
the principle which was purposely made the
foundation of the election of Senators. Sen-
ators represent States—it is States that choose
them. Only a few years ago, the States having
adopted various methods of choosing, you pre-
scribed a uniform rule and stated how they
should choose. You require a certain number
of votes; you direct whether it shall be done
in joint session or in separate session, and then
you require that there shall be certain evidence
of the election.
I differ with the Senator from Illinois, who
says that all we want is to be satisfied of the
fact of the election. That might have been so
before you passed the law of 1866; but you
then passed a law for the very purpose of pre-
scribing a uniform rule to all the States. In
that law you stated what the evidence should
be, and there can be no other evidence perti-
nent. Nothing can give a man atitle to aseat
on this floor but the evidence prescribed by that
law, a certificate given by the Governor, and
giveu by the Governor of a State. You made
a law to that effect. You may repeal the law,
but you cannot take any other certificate or any
other evidence. You cannot admit the papers
presented here, or the paper which has been
read, purporting to contain the proceedings of
the Legislature.
Suppose one person should come here from
a State and present the certificate of the Gov-
ernor, and another claimant should come with
the proceedings of the Legislature, showing
that he was elected, to whom would you give
the seat? If the fact be that this State to-day
became a Slate in this Union, entitled to repre-
sentation, and had not been so before, it must
reelect its Senators, because it cannot elect
and give a certificate of election until it is en-
titled to representation. And I say that when
this State elects Senators it is not entitled to
any particular privileges or immunities more
than other States in the Union, and it must
give such a certificate to its Senators as the
Senators from Maryland and the Senators from
Kentucky and other States bring with them
under the law when they come to claim their
seats.
Mr. President, I read the provision of the
Constitution prohibiting officers of the United
States holding seats in either House of Con-
gress. Cases have arisen in the other House
under that clause, to one of which I will refer ;
and here I am glad to have the high authority
on this point of one of the most learned and
experienced Senators; I allude to the Senator
from Maine, [Mr. Hamlin.] The head-note
of the case of Baker, decided in 1847, is in
these words:
"Holding an office in the Army of the United
States is incompatible with holding a seat in Con-
gress."
The report of the Committee of Elections,
made by the chairman, Mr. Hamlin, states :
" The sixth section of the first article of the Con-
stitution of the United States provides that 'no per-
son holding any office under the United States shall
be a member of either House during his continuance
in office.' The question then arises, are the, offices
which have been accepted by these gentlemen offices
under the United States within the meaning of the
Constitution? We think they are. If it bo urged
that the com mission is derived from the State author-
ities, the answer is that a commission does not con-
fer the office; it is only the evidence of the right to
exercise its functions. The commissions of members
of Congress, or, in other words, their certificates of
election, are derived from the State authorities. Like
the colonels whose eases are now under considera-
tion, their services are rendered to the United States
and they are paid by the United States, but their
commissions are derived from the State authorities.
It seems to the committee that the question whether
the office is held under the United States or under
a State does not depend upon the question who gave
the commission, made the election, or conferred the
appointment, but upon the question what are the
duties to be performed, tlw .government for whom
they are to be performed, and to what government
is the office responsible for a failure to perform j
Testing the offices in question by this standard, ana
there can remain butvery littledoubt. These colonels
perform like servioes with those of the regular Army:
they are responsible to the laws of the United States
for the manner in which they discharge the duties ot
Thecwnmittee believe that to hold an officein the
Army of the United States is incompatible with the
office of a member of Congress, and that, therefore,
the two offices cann ot be held at the same tim e by th o
same individual; that it is against the whole theory
and spirit of our form of government. The Consti-
tution intended that the President should have bo
power to control the action of Congress in anj
