4340
THE CONG SESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
and St. Jo road had any right to make any
such assignment; and then I deny that they
had any right to make a condition of this kind.
The condition is? simply that when this central
branch of the Union Pacific shall be extended
out to a point of junction with the Union Pa-
cific all freight and all traffic shall he brought
down and turned over to the Hannibal and
St. Jo road. For instance, if parties wanted
freight to go to Plattsmouth, to Nebraska City,
to Brownville, or to Rulo, towns in southern
Nebraska on the Missouri titer, their freight
conld not be turned away from the Central
JJrauch into other roads leading to the points
which I have named, but must be carried down
to the Hannibal and St. Jo road. Sir, I de-
nounce, this condition as contrary to the public
policy and public interests.
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senatorwill allow me,
I will ask him where is the difference between
that state of facts and the state of facts as they
would have been had the Hannibal and St.
Jo road retained the grant and built this exten-
sion itself?
Mr. THAYER. Then it would have had no
right to control the business of forwarding
freight.
Mr. HARLAN. But owning the whole line,
from Quincy to the connection at the one hun-
dredth meridian, would any other company
have the power to prevent them carrying freight
all the way through ?
Mr. THAYER. That would depend on the
persons sending the freight as to what route
they chose to send it by. What I mean to say
is, that there can he no condition which shall
control business men who choose to forward
freight by certain roads.
Mr. HARLAN. The point I am at is this :
the original grant was made to the Hannibal
and St. Jo railroad Company. They were
authorized to extend their line of road to a
junction with the Kansas branch in the valley
of the Republican river, and, by implication, to
unite with the main line at the one hundredth
meridian. Now, if they had retained that
grant, and had not assigned it at all, they
surely would have had the same control over
all freight and travel on the other line that the
two companies now have. By assigning their
rights they could not confer on the assignee
any more-authority and power than they them-
selves had under the original charter.
Mr. THAYER. The objection is that this
assignment bmds the central branch of the
Union Pacific to use every influence by which
it can control freights to bring it to the Hanni-
bal and St. Jo Road. T say the principle is
wrong; it is in opposition to public policy, and
I believe it is also contrary to the charter.
There is no such power, if I understand it, in
the original charter of the Hannibal and St. J o
road, and I do not think the Senator from
Iowa can point to such a condition as existing
between different roads anywhere.
Mr. HARLAN. If that is true, then they
could not confer it by assignment on this com-
pany ; so, to that extent, the authority is void.
Mr. THAYER. They attempt to confer it,
and I ask the Senate to do nothing which shall
appear to legalize or sanction that, attempt.
That is the reason why I have called attention
to it. I do not think myself that the condition
will hold good in law or can be enforced ; but
I desire that the Senate shall not do anything
which shall appear to sanction it.
Mr. President, believing that this bill, if
passed, will inflict a great injury upon the
State of Nebraska, believing it to be a gigantic
wrong upon the people of that State, I enter
my respectful protest against its passage. I
shall conclude by submitting to the Senate a
communication handed to me by the Governor
of Nebraska, and which I send to the Chair
and ask to have read.
The Secretary read the following letter :
Y/ashington, Mop 20,1870.
MyDear Sir: Senate bill No, 409, now pending,
is a measure, in jay judgment, so damaging to the
material prosperity of Nebraska that I feel it in-
cumbent upon me, as the Executive of the State,
before leaving this city for our StatG Capital, whither
lam called by imperative official engagements, to
give you briefly some of the reasons why, in my
judgment, it should not become a law.
1. It gives Nebraska landsto a Kansas road; lands
which are cssenti&lly necessary to aid in home Enter-
prises.
2. The road, which, by the provisions of this bill,
would absorb the best lahds in southern Nebraska,
would at the same time divert the trade and com-
merce of our agricultural districts from the towns
and cities of our State, and carry them to the rival
towns and eitlcs of other States.
3. A large portion of the best lands in Nebraska
have already been given to aidcorporations in which
the State had no voice, and over which we had no
control. The Sioux City and Pacific railroad was
designed by Congress to connect Sioux City with
the Union Pacific railroad at or near Columbus,
Nebraska. The large grant given to this road was
subsequently diverted to the building of a railroad
in Iowa, and the Nebraska lands used in its con-
struction are among the best and most valuable in
the State.
The St. Joseph and Denver railroad (a Kansas
coiporahon) has a large body of Nebraska lands iti
the valley of the Lii tie Blue river, given by Congress
to aid in its construction. This road, when com-
pleted, will operate as a drain upon our ti-ade and
commerce for the benefit of cities and towns outside
of our State,to the seriousdetriment of our Nebraska
towns.
And now, by the provisions of Senate bill No.409,
it is proposed to give to the central branch of the
Union Pacific railroad (another Kansas corporation)
nearly the entire residue of the public lands in the
southern portion of the State; thus defeating, or at
least postponing for many years, several important
railway enterprises in our own State.
4. The lands in Nebraska which it is proposed by
this bill to give to this Kansas corporation are abso-
lutely necessary to secure the construction of an im-
portant home enterprise, neccssary to the develop-
ment of southern Nebraska, a road which is now m
course of construction, and which has thus far been
constructed by individual enterprise. This road, by
existing arrangements will constitute, when com-
pleted, a part of a gren t through route from Phila-
delphia, via Pittsburg, Columbus, Keokuk, Nebraska
City, and Lincoln,Uho capital,)to Denver, Colorado,
forming a shoit and diret t through line between the
Atlantic sca-boaid and the Pacific oecnn.
5. To grant these Nebraska lands to a Kansas cor-
poration would not only greatly injure our State, but
be a departure from the former and almost uniform
policy of Congress, to give the public lands to aid in
the construction ol works of internal improvement
within the Stitcs in which tho lands are situate.
6. Nebraska ha? never received an acre of public
lands in aid of local improvements beyond Ihe half
million acres given to tho State upon her admis-
sion into tho Union, while not loss than one million
acres ox the public domain within our limits have
been given to foreign corporations, together with an
equal amount of ourbest lands, under theprovisions
of the act to provide for tho construction and endow-
ment of agricultural colleges.
7. The effect of this bill, should it become a law,
will be to paralyze tho efforts now making, and de-
feat the construction of the iirownville and Port
Kearny railroad, the line of which traverses the rich
agricultural counties of Nemaha, Johnson, Gage,
and Jefferson, and the importance of Which in the :
development of southern Nebraska cannot be over-
estimated.
8. T-be appropriation of these lands to aid in the
construction ol a Kansas road would break up the
harmony of the entire railroad system of Nebraska
and cut off the inhabitants of the svestern portion of
tho State from all oommumcotion by rail with the
capital, an well as the commercial towfis on the
Missouri livei.
i). The bill under con3ideration proposes ^o grant
a solid belt of lands, including both the even and
odd-numbered sections, fifty miles in width, thus
depriving Nebraska loads of all hope of aid from
bind grants by absorbing in the construction of a
Kansas rail way all the lands in southern Nebraska
now belonging to the Government.
Surely a piopo$ition so unjust to the people of
Nebraska a.nd so manifestly disastrous to our mate-
rial interests and the just rights of our pioneer set-
tlers will not be indorsed by Congress when its pro-
visions come to be undesstood.
Id. It will be observed that the grantoilands a?kcd
for by this Kansas road is not to aid in the buiidim?
of anew road, but ns indemnity to theccnlial branch
of tho Union Pacific railroad for Indian and other
lands taken by settlers, or otlienvi^c appropriated,
along that portion of the line already constructed
within the luriiU of the State of Kansas.
The pi oposiiion is to give to a toreign corporation
a belt of lands titty mites in width and beyond tho
reach of settlers, unless they consent to pay what-
ever price this foreign corporation mnv see proper
to place upon them. Section three ot the act of 1862
provided that alter ihe road had been completed tor
three years these lamU should be suhjeor. to the pre-
emptionlaws. Thobill to which Ircter proposes not
only to take these Nebraska lands, but also to repeal
tbih Wise a.nd wholesome pi ovision of the act of 1SG2.
1 tru-d you will present these facts to the Senate,
o.nd use your iniluencc to prevent the consummation
of this great wroug upon the people of our State.
Of course I have no desire to retard the progress
of these Kansas roads. If they can be encouraged
and aided by subsidies m lands lying within the
limits of that State, I shall be pefsonally gratified
at their good fortune^ A11 X desire in reference to
them is that they shall not be built by absorbing all
the laftds available for railroad purposes within the
limits of Nebraska} leafing our ovf n enterprises with-
out the possibility .of future aid from this source.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
DAYID SUTLER,
Governor of Nebraska.
Hon. Johs- H  Thayeb,
United States Senator, Nebraska.
Mr. TIIURMAN. Mr. President, I feel it
a duty to say something oh this bill, although
1 regret exceedingly to be compelled to say it
to-day, and should prefer not to do so for two
reasons: first, because I am very hoarse and
somewhatindisposed, but secondly and mainly,
because I have not had time to master the
intricate facts connected with this subject, and
which ought to be mastered perhaps before one
speaks upon it, except so far as he may speak
upon the general policy of these grants. In
respect to that general policy I have already,
on former occasions, addressed the Senate
somewhat at large. I do not feel disposed to
go into a repetition of what I then said, and
therefore I feel embarrassed in speaking upon
the question now, when I ought to confine
myself to the details of the transaction, with-
out having had the opportunity to master those
details as fully as they ought to be mastered.
However, I think I have a good general idea
of the bill; and, subject to be corrected in case
I should fall into error, I wish to ask the atten-
tion of the Senate to some views I have to
present.
The first thing that strikes one is, that we
have had laid 011 our tables by this railroad
company the opinion of one of the ablest law-
yers in the United States and one of the most
upright men, Judge Curtis, late of the Supreme
Court of the United States. That opinion sets
forth, for reasons that are stated in it, that this
company has a right to make its road to unite
with the Union Pacific at any point not further
west than the one hundredth meridian, and that
it has a right not only to a land grant, but also
to a subsidy in bonds; that those are its legal
rights under legislation already upon your
statute-book; that as the assignee of the Han-
nibal and St. Joseph railroad it has these two
rights: first, the right to make the road; sec-
ondly, the right to have a subsidy in lands and
in bonds. If that opinion be sound, the first
question that I propose to the learned chairman
of the committee who reported this bill is,
where is the necessity for this bill at all V
Mr. HOWARD. The necessity consists in
the simple fact that the Secretary of the In-
terior, whose duty it is to administer in the
premises, does not agree with the opinion of
the learned counsel which the Senator quotes.
1 suppose that is an answer to his question.
Air. THURMAN. That answer does not
seem to me to meet the case. For two years
or more, as I understand it, that has been the
situation of affairs. If the Secretary of the
Interior was bound in behalf of this company
to withdraw this land from settlement, to take
it out of the market entirely, I imagine there
would be a legal remedy to compel him to exe-
cute that requirement. If he was bound to
issue the bonds and failed to do so, 1 think
there is a legal remedy for that. If nqt, let
us see how the case stands. Take the case of
the Northern Pacific railroad. You have made
it the duty of the Secretary of the Interior to
withdraw the sections of land to which that
company may become entitled. Is it possible
that whenever a Secretary, at any time in the
future, shall refuse to execute that power, it is
necessary to come here and have an act of
Congress passed on the subject? Is there 110
legal remedy to compel him to execute that
bare ministerial duty? My friend from Mich-
igan is a very good lawyer, and when he shakes
his head as he now does, I am bound to doubt;
but I must say, with very great respect for his
attainments and for his judgment, I thir.k
there is, and I think that it would not be diffi-
cult to find it ciut. Therefore, I say agaia, it
