196
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
seated to me of voting that that part of this
bonded debt not specified to be paid in gold,
shall be paid is gold, or of voting for repudia-
tion, I would then go for repudiation. I am
not now for repudiation, and I would not have
said this at this time if I did not consider that
the resolution was aot proper to he passed at
this time and toy vote may be misunderstood
and misconstrued. I have voted in the neg-
ative, and I still maintain that vote. -
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
Mr. ELDRIDGrE. I ask the indulgence of
the Bouse to say a word as to my vote on the
resolution just adopted.
Mr. ARNELL. I object-
Mr. ELDRIDGB. I hope the gentleman
will alio w me to make a very brief explanation;
I wish to sayjust one word.
Mr. ARNELL. I withdraw the objection.
Mr. ELDRIDGB. I do not wish by any
vote of mine to pronounce censure on the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. MunoejtJ or any
other member of this House for the expression
of their opinions. I believe in the perfect
freedom of debate. I believe he had a right
to make the speech he did if he was so con-
vinced, and it was for that reason I hesitated
about having my vote recorded for the resolu-
tion. But I am not a repudiator, and never
expect to be one; I pay my debts as far as I
can, and think the nation should do the same.
message from the president.
A message in writing from the President of
the 0 nited States was presented by Mr. Horace
Pom-eii, his Private Secretary.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Goriiam, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had passed a bill (S. No. 305)
giving the consent of the United States to the
erection of a bridge across the "Willamette river
in Oregon, from the city of Portland to the east
bank of said river ; in which he was directed to
ask the concurrence of the House.
fifteenth amendment.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, kid
before the House the following message from
the President of the United States.
To the House of Representatives :
I transmit a further report from tile Secretary of
State ill answer to the resolution of the House of
Kepresentatives of the 0th instant, making known
that otiioial notice has been received ,it tho Depart-
ment of State of tho ratification by the legislature
;, tbA bJ:atc of Alabama of the amendment to tho
lii'toci 11CCG11 *v by Congress as article
, , U. S. GRANT.
, December 3o, 1309.
Washington,
ments, was referred to the Judiciary Commit-
fpe. and ordered to be printed.
I'AYMENT OF -MEMBERS.
^he bPijAIvL11, by unanimous consent,
iouse the following communi-
the Committee on the Judiciary, with instruc-
tions to the committee to report on the points
involved.
leaves of absbkob.
Leaves of absence were granted as follows:
to Mr. Dockery, Mr. Reading, and Mr. Kel-
logg, from the 18th instant till after the holiday
recess; and to Mr. Tillman and Mr. Stores,
during Monday and Tuesday of nest. week.
SHANKING PRIVILEGE,
Mr. FABNSWORTH, by unanimous con-
sent, reported from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads a bill (H. R. No. 608;)
which was read a first and second time, referred
back to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
adjournment TILL monday.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I move that
the House do now adjourn.
_ Mr. DAWES. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move to reconsider the vote by which
the House agreed to adjourn till Monday.
Mr. BROOKS. I insist on the motion to
adjourn.
The question being taken, the motion to ad-
journ was agreed to.
Accordingly (at four o'clock and thirly min-
utes p. m.) the House adjourned.
obniinin
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. AXTELL: The petition of W. F.
Edgar, United States Navy, Hon. W. A. Conn,
./Eneas Quinn, and 100 others, citizens of San
Bernardino, California, praying for a post
route and mail service between the cities of
San Bernardino and San Diego, viaTemascala
and San Jacinto.
By Mr. BENJAMIN: The petition of Eliz-
abeth Capp, praying for a pension.
By Mr. BOFFINTON: The memorial of A.
S. Hallett, of Hyannis, Massachusetts, and 252
others, for the repairs of the breakwater in the
harbor of Hyannis.
By Mr. BURCHARD: The petition of Ben-
jamin Rhodes and others, citizens of Freeport,
Illinois, for admission of soda ash, caustic
soda, sal-soda, and bicarbonate of soda free
of duty.
By Mr. CESSNA : The petition of Peter M.
Bojton, guardian of Patrick McKeown's minor
children, praying for a pension.
By Mr. COBB, of North Carolina; The
- .   petition of Ballard Moore, of Halifax county,
Theabovemessage.withaccompanyinffdoeu- 1 Carolina, asking removal of political
retort ,0 „« Mc<„ Commit. ! ^ „D.
dell county, North Carolina, asking removal
( of political disabilities.
! Also, the petition of Samuel S. Harrison, of
| Caswell county, North Carolina, for the same,
j r- DUVAL: A petition for the relief
j of Ed. II. Fitzhugh, of Virginia, from political
; disabilities.
; , By Mr. GILFILLAN : The petition of Chris-
i tiana Eakins, mother of Henry Eakins, com-
pany F, one hundred and fifty-second Penn- i
1 syivania volunteers, for a pension. |
Also, the petition of Cornelia Stokes, mother !
of William A. Stokes, company I),
Pennsylvania cavalry, for a pension.
By Mr. HAY: A petition of citizens of
Clinton county, Illinois, prayingthat the import
duty on hides be remitted.
By Mr. HOAR: The petition of D. H. Whit-
temore, of Worcester, Massachusetts, asking
extension of letters-patent.
By Mr. KELLEY: A memorial of the
Senator and Representatives of Tennessee in
Congress, praying Congress to interfere for the
relief of her loyal citizens against the recent
and pending revolutionary proceedings in that
Mate, and tor the maintenance of a republican
form of government therein,
laid before t[i 
cation:
W.vr.IIixriTijX, December 16, 1869. !
sir: lne law of 1850 makes it the duty of tho '
Seigoant-at-Arms to deduet fiom the pnvof meia- '
110 !Uim}).or Of Clays which eaeli member is. ab- ,
Vi1*  1C ,SG,Sril0ii of Congress, cxcept when !
of w"familj- 10 's0f !limselfor some member [
That act was undoubtedly intended to ar nlv to 'I
member? of the House who had been qualified and !!
admitted to their seats at the opening-ot the first ''
session, but its mandatory proviso™ rai'eTque'- '!
fVnS, \h wbK0thw not to delnk >!
liorn thi, pay of members! and Delegates who li'ivp
been eleeted and Ulcen their sea*. ° iiiee tl 10 com- i>
mcncoinent of tho present Congress the number of i
days tho House was in session previous S their ;!
admission; and as the number so admitted is ouito I!
,®n0DtttWOmy iD^U' 1 taV(! thought it X"- !
able to address you this note tor the purpose of j
ins1 instructions in regard to my duty in :
tnoccrtincatci for the pay ofsueh iflcmbc"*
pen admitted to pen's smee tho tioh.mrr
ing up
have been
went of the present Con^re
very re.vpocifuUy, &c„
fill-
 -s as
since tho eommcnce-
- - . ■ _ ~ G. Oil!)WAY.
Tr T ^rpeant-cd-An/n JJov.sc of Jieprcveniativw.
ilan, J AifFs G. Diai.vr:,
Speaker of the Ilouseof Representations,
The above communication was referred to
By Mr. KELLOGG: The petition of E. Car-
riagton Bowers, for arrears of pay as com-
mander in the Navy.
By Mr. KETCHAM : The memoiial of John
Thompson, for renewal of patent for improved
machine for. folding paper, &e.
By Mr. LAFLIN: The petition of Mary
Danahy, of.Jefferson county, New York, for
a pension.
By Mr. MAYNARD: The memorial of John
Turner, sen., of Union county, Tennessee, pray-
ing to be compensated for services as a guide
during the late war.
By Mr. O'NEILL: The petition of Sarah
Dick, mother of George H. Dick, late a sur-
geon in the United States Army, asking for a
pension.
By Mr. SCHENCK: The petition of Mary
B. Walker, executrix of the estate of Robert
J. Walker, praying for the allowance of a claim
of her deceased husband against the Govern-
ment for money expended by him on public
account.
Also, the petition andpapez-s of Mrs. Elizabeth
Culbertson, of Kentucky, praying for the allow-
ance of arrears of pension on account of her
deceased son, James H. Culbertson.
By Mr. TWICHELL: The petitions of Mary
J. Pearson, Drusilla Williams, and Josephine
Donahue, for pensions.
By Mr. UPSON: The petition of Miles A.
Beebe and 21 others, letter-carriers at Cleve-
land, Ohio, post office, for increase of com-
pensation.
By Mr. VAN TRUMP: The petition of
Edward S. Jefferson and 26 others, of Perry
county, Ohio, praying for a repeal of the duties
on leather and its products.
Also, the petition of Mary Ulery, widowed
mother of Daniel A. Ulery, deceased, late a
private in company D, twelfth Ohio volunteer
infantry, praying for a pension.
By Mr. WHITTEMOBE: The petition for
invalid pension of Hugh McCain, a soldier of
the war of 1812.
Also, the petition for invalid pension ot
Wiliiam Combs, of North Carolina, late a soldier
of the war of 1812, now eighty years of age.
Also, the petition of Job Mazvck, a colored
citizen of South Carolina, praying remunera-
tion for commissary stores taken from him by
the United States Army for their use.
IN SENATE.
Friday, December 17, 18G9.
Prayer by Rev. Byron Scxderlaxd, D. D.,
of Washington, District of Columbia.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
Hon. Alexander McDonald, from the State
of Arkansas, appeared in his seat to-day.
petitions axd memorials.
Mr. CAMERON presented the petition of
I'ranklin Peale, of the city of Philadelphia,
praying compensation for certain improve-
ments made by him in the machinery and pro-
cess for refining and coining the precious
metals while he was engaged in the service of
the Mint, of which the United States has re-
ceived the benefit; which was refei red to the
Committee on Claims.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
f ti ]i f°y'"ludelphia, praying that a pension
fourth be allowed to tho widows of soldiers of the war
j, of 1812which was referred to the Committee
j on Pensions.
jj Mr. B.OBERTSON presented the petitions
| of Peter P. Battle and John C. Armistead, of
(j Virginia, and L. A. Lindsey, of Mississippi,
j, playing the removal ol their political disabili-
l; ties; which were referred to tho select Com-
I rnittee on the lfemoval of Political Disabilities.
I vr j'-T-LLEY presented the petition of O.
| N. Cutler, of Missouri, praying compensation
j lor cotton which was seized by the military
j authority of the United States and used for thfi
| protection ol a vessel which passed the enemy's
1 .orts on the Mississippi river so that tho cotton
