1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4341
■ Judge Curtis s opinion be correct, and this
company has the legal right to do precisely
•what this bill provides, it has the legal right
not only to make its road, but also to both a
land and a bond subsidy; and if the Secretary
ot the Interior will not withdraw the lands
from entry the statute itself is sufficient, with-
out any act^ of the Secretary, to protect the
company in its rights; and therefore there is
no necessity for this bill.
j.hen there can only be a necessity for this
bill upon the ground that this company has not
the right to these lands. The company does not
now set up any claim to bonds ; it ignores that;
but it does claim a subsidy in bonds, and the
only necessity for this bill must be that it has
no such right, and therefore it comcs here to
petition for the grant; in other words, it is a
new subsidy case out and out. It is not the
execution of a contract with this company ; it
is not in execution of rights that belong to (his
company ; but it is a new grant out and out.
It seems to me that it can only be on that foot-
ing that this bill can be sustained for a moment.
Well, sir, if that is the case, surely we are
to look into the question whether this road is
of such great public necessity that we ought to
give this subsidy that is asked for at all. Cer-
tainly every consideration of that kind is to be
taken into account, and in doing that we look
to see what other roads are made in the same
general direction and subserving the same pur-
poses of travel and trade. What, then, do we
find in respect to that?
I am the advocate of no one of these roads;
I care no more for one of them than for another;
but what do we find on the question of public
necessity, that public necessity which should
induce us to give so much land as this for one
hundred and fifty miles, the length of the pro-
posed extension of this road, if I am right in
my estimate? Will the chairman of the com-
mittee tell me whether the grant is ten sections
or twenty sections to the mile?
Mr. POMEROY. Ten sections on each side
is what the bill calls for, if the land is not
already taken up by settlers.
Mr. THTJRMAN. Then it is twenty sec-
tions a mile if they.can find the land—twenty
sections to the mile for one hundred and fifty
miles. That makes nearly two million acres
of land, I think, calculating it mentally on the
spur of the moment. What public necessity
is there why we should give so many acrcs of
land to this private corporation to make one
hundred and fifty miles of railroad? When
we come to look at the map we find that we
have already endowed another railroad from
St. Jo, (which is in connection with Atchison
by railroad,) and which is a direct prolonga-
tion of the Hannibal and St. Joseph road, and
which runs to the same terminus that this road
under consideration is to have, and whose
average distance from this road for the whole
length is not more than ten. or twelve miles.
The Senator from Kansas shakes his head.
How much will he say it is?
Mr. POMEKOY. This railroad not being
located, it would not be safe for me to state
the exact distance; but it is much more than
that.
Mr. THUBMAN. According to the map
furnished me by my friend, the other Senator
from Kansas, [Mr. lloss,] on which these roads
are laid down, the average distance of these
two roads from each other is not more than
ten or twelve miles; and I am informed by
a gentleman residing out there and largely
acquainted with these lines that for the greater
part of the way you could hear the whistle of
the locomotive on one road if you were travel-
ing on the other. The St. Joseph and Denver
road, running parallel with this road at a dis-
tance of only from ten to fifteen miles the whole
way, is endowed by Congress with twenty sec-
tions of land to the mile, and we are now asked
to endow another road, this Central Branch
Pacific now under consideration. Such are the
facts. Now, what is this but aiainly giving
away the public lands without any use what-
soever?
But, sir, in order to further this bill we find
that the St. Jo road had to be taken care of,
so as to avoid its opposition, and henoe comes
in a provision in th-e bill that nothing in this
act shall be held to interfere with the grant
of alternate sections to the St. Jo and Denver
Railroad Company. That was necessary to
allay the opposition of that company. I do
not object to that provision. It is right enough,
because that road was prior in time. But that
provision satisfies that company, and that is
what is talked about as a compromise between
these two companies, the St. Jo and Denver
City road and the Central Branch Pacific. But
then comes another road that is to interfere,
and that is the Nebraska roads of which the
Senator from Nebraska spoke, two of them,
that are projected to run east and west almost
in the same general direction with this Central
Branch road and almost in the general course
of the St. Jo and Denver road. They must be
allowed to have something, too, and by way
of compromising with them this ■bill provides
that this Central Branch shall not have any
of the odd-numbered sections or parts of sec-
tions in the State of Nebraska. That removes
that trouble; so far as the Nebraska roads are
concerned, because the Nebraska roads aro to
have the odd sections, and by that provision
the odd sections are left to them. But then
what comes? Anything to protect the people?
Nothing whatever. Having got rid of the
opposition of the rival companies, no account
is taken of the interests of the people.
Why, sir, the companies, as if they were the
sole parties interested, have fixed it all up.
They are protected; this bill protects the
schemes of each of them, and I do not see that
either of them has any interest in defeating
it, except to defeat competition ; but there is
nothing here to protect the interests of the
people. Bach railroad company's inferests
are protected; but the interest of the people
is not protected ; it is sacrificed, as is shown
in the letter of the Governor of Nebraska, and
as I will try to show you, a little more. How
sacrificed? By making up the deficiencies in
the odd sections out of the even sections. That
is the way it is done.
Sir, let me give you an illustration, of it.
Take the place in Nebraska where this east
and west road, the Nebraska road, will cross
the Central Branch, if both roads be made,
and what will be the effect? The effect of it
will be that in a tract twenty-five miles square
the railroad companies take every acre of land.
The railroad companies endowed with the odd
sections take the odd sections, and this Cen-
tral Branch road takes the even sections to
make up its deficiencies. But that is not all.
That will be the case throughout the greater
part of this territory ; for how many roads are
there that are thus endowed? Here is the St.
Jo and Denver road; here are two Nebraska
roads, that I take it for granted will come in ;
and here is the Union Pacific road, within
whose boundaries the termini of all these other
,ds are. That has the odd sections. Here
is a provision to make up for the odd sections
given to one road by giving the even sections
to another, and if you will take the map and
look at it, and see how they run into these
belts, you will find that there is scarcely one
section of land in a vast space of country over
one hundred miles or more that is not taken
up by some one or other of these railroad
companies.
I know what will be said in answer to this.
It will be said—and to a certain extent it is
true—that some of these lands have already
been taken up by settlers, or that homestead
and preemption rights have accrued. That is
very true; but just so far as they have not
accrued, just so far will the lands be swallowed
up by these railroad companies. If the lands
were all taken by homestead and preemption
rights, then there would be no use for this
legislation; then the railroad company would
get nothing at all, because it could not go out-
side of the limit of fifty miles. This legisla-
tion, therefore, goes upon the grotind that the
lands are not taken up. It will not do to ssy
that they are all taken up by the people, that
they are all settled upon, that preemption ami
homestead rights have accrued, because, if that
were the case, there would be no use for the
bill, and the bill would grant no subsidy of any
kind whatever; and it is only because the land
is not yet taken up by Hie people, it is only
because the railroad company will get the land
in case you pass this bill, that the bill is here
at all. That is the reason for it.
Then, sir, I say it comes once more back to
the [question whether there is such a public
necessity for this railroad that you should grant
to it professedly twenty sections per mile for
one hundred^ and fifty miles, when, as I said
before, there is to be a road parallel to it almost
all the way, and terminating at the same west-
ern terminus, at precisely the same point, and
whose average distance from this road is not
more than ten or twelve miles. If that is not
just surrendering all our public domain to rail-
road companies, and without public necessity,
then I am at a loss to know what is.
_ These, sir, strike me to be the features pecu-
liar to this bill. I want to say, however, while
I am up, a few words on a more general topic
than the details of this bill. I have already
stated to the Senate again and again my oppo-
sition to these land grants because of tlieir
effect to create land monopolies and to deprive
the actual settlers of the country of the homes
that ought to be preserved for them. I wish
now to state, in regard to all these enterprises,
another objection that with me has great force,
and the more I think of it the more force it has.
It cannot be denied for a moment, that if
these projected railroads would be profitable
investments of capital, they would be built
without any Government aid. How are rail-
roads built in all the old States ? How are
they built in all the States east of the Alle-
ghanies 1 How are they built in all the States
east of the Mississippi river? Without one dollar
of Government aid ; and yet they are built by
the thousands of miles per year. Why built?
Because capital finds that it can be profit-
ably invested in them. Of course there aro
exceptional cases, where it is not profitably
invested in them; but yet the inducement is
strong enough to turn capital in that direction.
Then the building of roads west of the Missis-
sippi river with Government subsidies can only
be upon the principle that they will not be
profitable investments, and therefore the Gov-
ernment must come in and bear a portion of
the expense.
Now, what I have to say, and to ask for it
the serious consideration of Senators, is this :
is there no danger of bankrupting your coun-
try by diverting capital into unprofitable enter-
prises? You stimulate the investment of capi-
tal in enterprises which confessedly do not pay.
You stimulate it by giving great subsidies;
because if the road be built with the private
means of the corporation there will be no re-
turn on that investment, no profit whatsoever,
and therefore it is that we are asked to build
the roads out and out with Government subsi-
dies, by giving as much as it will cost to build
them, or at least to share in the expense, so
that the individual investment of the stock-
holder is but a small portion of the cost of the
roads, and therefore he may get some little
profit upon his investment. That is the theory
of it. You thus stimulate the investment ot
capital in unprofitable enterprises, and when
you do tliat, are you not in danger of bringing
upon this country such a financial crash as it
has never experienced before ?
Why, sir, there are some of us that cannot
but recollect what a crash was produced in this
country about the year 1837, principally by the
fact of immense investments of capital in wast0
lands. I am quite sure that you. Mr. Prcsi-
