1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2488
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I trust we shall
be able to do so. I will say to the Senator
that on the srmrlry civil bill, which I hope will
come from the House very soon, he will have
an opportunity to put this item.
Mr. RAMSEY. Then I understand the
Senator to refuse me permission to offer this
amendment for the relief of these starving
Indians?
Several Senators. That is it.
Mr. THURMAN. Now I want to go to the
furniture business again, and as I know more
of court-houses than I do of custom-houses,
I will begin with the appropriation in lines one
hundred and twenty-six and one hundred and
Uventy-seven: "for furniture for the court-
house at Springfield, Illinois, §15,000," I
know something about the furniture for a court-
house, but not about that for a custom-house;
and I never saw a court-house yet that had
$15,000 worth of furniture in it or a third of
that much, and I do not see any use for such
an appropriation as this for a couit-house in
Springfield, Illinois, where the district court j
or circuit court is held a short time in the year.
I move to strike out "$15,000" aud insert
'' $5,000," and even that I thinlc is too much.
On this questionl should like to havetheyeas
and navs.
The "PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio.
_ Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senate again to the general high
key upon which the appropriations for furni-
ture tor public offices seem to be pitched.
Under the head of " estimates of appropria-
tions for public works" in the letter of the
Secretary of the Treasury, communicating the
estimates for 1870-71, at page 192, the Sen-
ate will find that for the custom-house in
Portland aud for the court-house in Portland
the estimates for furniture in those two build-
ings are $70,000; that tor the court-house in
Madison, Wisconsin, upon the previous page,
and for the custom-house at Cairo, Illinois,
the estimates are $50,000, $25,000 for each.
It has been suggested with reference to cus-
tom-houses, and to court-houses also perhaps,
that a portion of these large expenditures is
for vaults, safes, and locks ; but that appears
to be a separate item in these estimates. I
believe it is generally so, and certainly it is in
the estimates for the coming appropriations,
because on page 192 will be found a general
head of estimates for these items "vaults,
safes, and locks for public buildings under the
control of the Treasury Department, $100,000."
From the observation I have been able to make,
at San Francisco for instance, the appropria-
tions for court-houses especially seem to me
very excessive.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will state m regard to
this court-house at Springfield, Illinois, that it
is a building not only for the court-house at
that place, but for other public offices. Spring-
field is the seat of government of my State, as
Senators are aware. I see that the appropria-
tion says " for furniture for court-house." Not
only are all the officers connected with the
courts accommodated in this building, aud the
rooms for holding the circuitand district courts
of the United States, but also the post office
in the city of Springfield, and that is fitted up
I do not know at what expense. In this same
building are also located the offices of internal
revenue, and also the pension office and the
land office, so that I suppose this includes the
furniture for all these objects, as well as simply
ike rooms for the accommodation of the United I
States circuit aud district courts.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move to amend
that line, after the words "court-house," by
inserting the words "and post office.''
Mr. SHERMAN. Say " court-house build-
ing."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Very well; per-
haps "court-house building" will answer. I
move to amend the item by inserting the word
" building" after the words " court-house."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection the item will be amended by in-
sertingafter the words "court-house" the word
"building." It is so amended. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Thurman.]
Mr. CASSERLY. I suggest that the pre-
ceding appropriation be amended in the same
way.
Mr. THURMAN. Let us finish this. I
insist on my amendment. Five thousand dol-
lars is furniture enough for the whole building.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I may as well
say a word about this point, and let us settle
the whole business on this question. I sup-
pose my friend from Ohio is "going it blind"
here. Of course he does not know anything
about it.
Mr. THURMAN. The trouble is that the
committee do not know anything about it,
and will give us no detailed statement at all.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Let us see how
that is. Let us see if I cannot raise a pre-
sumption in favor of this bill. Here is the
description of the building itself; and here is
a picture that shows it at large, [exhibiting a
plate in the report of the supervising archi-
tect of the Treasury.]
Mr. THURMAN. That is excellent.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is a new build-
ing and an expensive one, and if my honorable
friend has the curiosity to know the expenses
of public buildings here they arc in detail.
Now, if my honorable friend is willing to con-
sent to the construction of public buildings in
this country, if we are really to build for the
accommodation of the Government extensive
public buildings, so that we shall have com-
bined in one large, elegant building a court-
house, a post office, then accommodations for
internal revenue officers, I ask whether, when
such a building as that is erected, my honor-
able friend feels authorized to get up here aud
say that $5,000 is enough to furnish it? I hap-
pen to know a single instance where $2,000 is
paid for a safe put into a post office in my own
State. 1 know it, because I happened to be
at the Post Office Department the other day
when that question came up, and the Postmas-
ter General asked mo my opinion on the ques-
tion. There is $2,000 at once out of the $5,000.
That is furniture, and it is necessary. Under
your money-order system anyone who is at all
acquainted with the service knows that you
need in all the large places, especially as large
as Springfield, such safes. That is a portion of
the furniture. That is one item. Then what
about your internal revenue ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do you mean that by
construction of the Department safes are in-
cluded in "furniture?"
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I mean to say
that all through, in all the custom-houses, where
ever the Government furnishes one of these
places, we certainly furnish safes.
Mr. SAWYER. The Senator will allow me
to correct the remark made about the internal
revenue offices. There has been an attempt
several times to make the Government furnish
safes for the protection of the internal revenue,
but they have always up to this point refused.
It is true with regard to custom-houses and
post offices.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Besides, these
post offices are all furnished with boxes.
Mr. THURMAN. The postmasters put them
ud at their own expense.
*Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No ; they are
put up by the Government and the postmaster
accounts for them. That is the way it is done.
I have seen them advertised, and I have had
the curiosity to examine them, and they are
patented and worth about two dollars and a
half apiece. I cannot tell how many hundred
thousand dollars will furnish the post office at
New York. That is one of the items. The
Senator from Ohio talks of furnishing'the
building at Springfield by simply an appro-
priation of $5,000. The estimates, I perceive,
are .$25,000 for that building at Springfield,
Illinois. The House of Representatives has
given $15,000, and theSenate eommittee have
followed it, and my honorable friend now
proposes to cut it down to $5,000. It is the
merest guess in the world.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to ask for
information, because Iwanttofollowthechair-
man if possible, how much has been expended
already for furnishing this post- office, constru-
ing the word "furnishing" in the way my friend
does, as including all the safes and locked boxes
and all that sort of thing?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am not in-
formed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, this is a deficiency
bill, if I am rightly informed, and it supposes •
that this appropriation is to make up the differ-
ence between what has already been expended
and what is necessary to complete the furnish-
ing.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Not at all.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is a deficiency bill.
The officer in charge—a very worthy man in
my opinion—who has had this building erected,
the supervising architect of the Treasury, re-
ports on the 30th of October that the building
has been completed and occupied. Now, 1
imagine that they have not held courts there
and carried on a post office and internal reve-
nue business without furniture, and therefore
some furniture must have been bought and
paid for, because it is contrary to law to buy
it without paying for it. There is a statute
against that, I believe. It must have been
bought and paid for with the public money
already. If that is so this appropriation would
look very large, if this were an appropria-
tion to do all these things in the first instance,
to supply everything and to cover everything,
then there would be great force in what the
Senator from Maine says. That is the inform-
ation I desire to have.
Mr. THURMAN. In the first place, Mr.
President, the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations commenced by saying that the
committee knew all about it, though I com
plained that it did not, and he would show the
necessity for this appropriation ; and how does
he show the necessity ? By showing us a pic-
ture of the court-house at Springfield, Illinois.
That is all he showed us. He showed us a
lithograph picture of the Springfield court-
house as a complete justification for this appro-
priation of $15,000 for furniture, upon the prin-
ciple that every good-looking man, like the
Senator, ought to have good clothes, and that
every fine-looking house like that ought to have
fine furniture. That is the way he addresses
himself to our imagination, to our fancy, to our
taste, to our love of art; but as to the details
he gives us none of them at all. But then he
assumes that safes have something to do with
this business. He had only to look at the very
estimates upon which this deficiency bill is
framed to see that safes are distinctly esti-
mated for, separately estimated for. Where
safes are needed they are estimated for; but
there is no such estimate here in regard to this
building ; on the contrary, it comes under the
head of furniture. Let us see how it is :
Furniture for plabile buildings:
Furniture, and repairs of same, for the various
public buildings under the control of the Treasury
Department, $150,000.
We find that item in this bill.
Furniture for the custom-house, Bangor, Maine.
That is here.
Furniture for the custom-house at Ogdensburg,
I?ew York.
That is in the bill.
Furniture for the eustom-house at Wiscassott,
Maine.
That is in the bill. .
Furniture for tho court-houso at Dos Momos.
Iowa.
