1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5285
Mr.'FENTON. I wish to inquire whether
the withdrawal provided for in this agreement
Of the conference committee is tits same as
that provided for in the Senate bill, namely,
$46,000,000 of three ^ per cent. certificates.
There seems to be an increase; and I wish the
Senator from Oregon would "explain the rea-
son for the increase over the Senate bill from
$45,000,000 to §64,000,000. '
Mr. WILLIAMS. Provision was made in the
Senate bill to take up the $45,000,000 of three
per cent, certificates and substitute therefor
$45,000,000 of bank notes, but the establish-
ment of the necessary amount of banks, in the
judgment of the committee of conference, to
take up the $4:5,000,000 of bank notes Would
require reserves to the extent of twenty per
cent, upon that amount, that being the medium
figure. Some of the banks would be compelled
to keep fifteen per cent, reserve, and some of
the banks would be compelled to keep twenty-
five per cent, reserve; so the committee took
the medium rate and called it twenty percent-
reserve, and the $9,000,000 that is added
to the §45,000,000 is intended to supply the
place of the $9,000,000 of Treasury notes that
must necessarily be taken up by these banks
as reserve when the $45,000,000 of bank notes
are issued; so that there can be added to the
circulation of the country in point of fact only
$45,000,000.
Mr. HOWE. Fifty-four million dollars.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Forty-five million dollars ;
$9,000,000 are reserve.
The VIC E PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the conference report.
The report was concurred in.
PENSION BILI.S.
Mr. HOWELL submitted the following
report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses upon the amendment of the
House of Representatives to the hill of the Senate (S.
No. 147) granting a pension to "William B. Looney,
of Alabama, having met, after full and free confer-
ence have agreed to recommend to their respective
Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede from its disagreement to
the amendment of the House, and agree to the same.
J. B. HOWELL,
D. D. PRATT.
Managers on the part of the Senate,
K. STRICKLAND,
R. S. HEFLIN,
W. N. SWEENEY.
Managers on the part oj the Ilouse.
The report was concurred in.
Mr. HOWELL submitted the following
report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendment oi the
House to the bill of the Senate (S. No._84-6) granting
a pension to Itebecca Shoemaker, having met, alter
full and free conference have agreed to recommend,
and do recommend, to their respective Houses as
follows: „ . ....
That the House of Representatives recede irom its
amendment to the said bill.^^^^
D. D. PRATT.
GEO. E. SPEKTCER,
Managers on the part of the senate.
R. STRICKLAND,
R. S. HEELIN,
W. N. SWEENEY,
Managers on the part of the Home.
The report was concurred in.
OltDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. MORTON. I inquire whether there is
a special order for this evening?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The conference
report on the Army bill was by unanimous con-
sent made the special order for to-morrow
evening. The naval appropriation bill is before
the Senate; but the Senator from Arkansas
[Mr. McDosald] gave notice that he intended
to antagonize against it the Oriental steamship
bill this evening. He is not now in his seat.
Mr. STEWART. T shall antagonize my bill,
preventing servile labor, pretty soon against
something.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Ihe hour of half
past four having arrived, the Senate now takes
a recess until half past seven o'clock, .
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
ORBRB, OF BUSINESS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The naval appro-
priation bill is before the Senate.,
Mr. THAYER. ' I submitted a motion yes-
terday to take up this evening the bills named
by me. They had also been set for one even-
ing last week; indeed, for two or three even-
ings. I suppose the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations did not expect to have
this evening for this appropriation bill. My
understanding was that that was to come be-
fore the Senate to-morrow. Will he not let us
have this evening to dispose of acting on these
bills? I should not antagonize against him
during the day sessions.
Mr. HAMLIN. I wish to say to my col-
league that that was my understanding. The
evening was to be devoted to the bills named,
and the day session was at first held up and
did not run over, though I know, technically,
by the rules it may.
Mr. SUMNER. I would suggest to the
Senator from Maine that his bill will be the
unfinished business at twelve o'clock to-mor-
row.
Mr. THAYER.- Certainly I would not an-
tagonize against the appropriation bills during
the day sessions.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maiue. I hardly know
that it will be so. Unless the appropriation bill
shall be taken up to-night it will hardly be the
unfinished business for to-morrow.
Mr. THAYER. Allow me to ask this ques-
tion : would it be in order to submit a motion
now that the naval appropriation bill be made
the order for twelve o'clock to-morrow?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It can be done
by unanimous consent.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Let it be taken
up and laid aside informally, to be called up
when the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations pleases.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have no objec-
tion to its being laid aside informally with the
understanding'that I shall have no trouble
about it to-morrow. ["Agreed!"]
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection this bill will be passed over informally.
llEPOUTB OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. Iaminstructed
by the Committee on Public Bnildings and
Grounds to report a bill (S. No. 1043) to pro-
vide for a building suited to the use of the
custom-house, post office, United States courts,
and the land and revenue offices of the United
States in the city of Omaha, Nebraska.
The bill was read, and passed to a second
reading.
APl'ROACllKS TO TUi! CAI'tTO!'.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont.^ I am also
instructed to report a joint resolution, which
will not take longer than to have it read.
The joint resolution (S. R. No. 213) in re-
gard to grading the streets in the vicinity of
the Capitol was, by unanimous consent, read
three times, and passed. It requires the mayor
of the city of Washington to have the grades
of the streets in the vicinity of the Capitol so
modified and established, with the approval of
the chief of engineers of the Army, the officer
in charge of public buildings and grounds,
and the architect of the Capitol extension, as
may be necessary to effcct an easy and proper
approach to the Capitol, and to furnish a plan
of the same to Congress at its next session.
LIQUIDATION Oi? NATIONAL BANKS.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask one
favor more. There was a bill reported from
the Committee on Finance the other day^ and
objected to by the Senator from New lork.
If he withdraws the objection I should like to
have it passed. It is a bill (H. R. No. 2062) to
require national banks going into liquidation
to retire their circulating notes.
Mr. CONKLING, I hope the Senator will
not ask me to withdraw the objection. I can-
not do that without disregarding the request
of many constituents, who say the time is too
short :
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then make
an amendment as to the time and let it pass
with the amendment, for it is necessary that it
should be passed at once.
Mr. CONKLING. What time does the Sen-
ator propose?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The time in
the bill is sixty days, as it passed the House.
If the Senator thinks a longer time necessary,
let him move it.
Mr. CONKLING. I am assured by bank-
ers, whom 1 know are well-meaning and do
not wish to resist any just law, that a very
much longer time than this is necessary to save
hardship, if not to prevent an impracticable
operation of the law.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. Say one hun-
dred and twenty days.
Mr. CONKLING. It would be better to put
in months; say six months.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope the
Senator will be content with one hundred and
twenty days.
Mr." CONKLING. That is four months.
Mr. NYE. If the steamship bills are not to
come up 
Mr. THAYER. I have not yielded the floor.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Very well; I
withdraw my request.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. THAYER. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
338. That is the first in order.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 038) to encourage the
establishment of a line of steamships under the
flag of the Union, for the conveyance of the
mails of the United States to European ports,
and ports of India and China by way of the
Suez canal, and for promoting emigration from
Europe to the southern States of the Union
and reducing the rates of ocean postage.
Mr. PATTERSON. I appeal to the Senator
from Nebraska 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands now that whatever the Senate adjourns
upon to night must go upon the_ Calendar,
and the naval appropriation bill is to come
up at twelve o'clock to-morrow, it having
been informally passed over for the evening.
["Agreed!"]
Mr. PATTERSON. I wish to make an
appeal to the Senator from Nebraska to lay
aside this bill informally until I take up and pass
a couple of small bills which willnotlead toany
discussion, as I have got to leave the city the
last of the week, and can be here only^a couple
of days more during the session. They will
lead to no discussion; if they do, I will agree
to withdraw them.
Mr. THAYER. I of course am anxious to
accommodate the Senator from New Hamp-
shire with the understanding that this bill i3 .
not displaced, and his does not lead to any dis-
cussion or protracted debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New Hampshire asks unanimous consent to
pass over the steamship bill for the purpose of
considering a bill indicated by him. The Chair
hears no objection.
PURCHASE OF FUEL.
Mr. PATTERSON. I ask for the consid-
eration of House bill No. 2220.
There being no objection, the Senate, as iu
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 2226) to regulate the pur-
chase of fuel for the legislative, executive, and
judicial departments, and for the military and
naval establishments of the United States in
the District of Columbia. It declares that here-
after it shall not be lawful for any officer or
person in the civil, military, or naval service
