1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
495
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Independence of Cuba—Mr. Oobum.
Ho. of Reps.
It appears, therefore, that the country from
necessity will be driven to develop every means
of water transportation as population andpro-
ductionsincrease. Whether or not necessity will,
interest must compel this. Even now, under
all the disadvantages arising from hinderances
which can easily be removed, corn can be sup-
plied to the people of the Atlantic cities by the
way of the Mississippi river and sea ten cents per
bushel cheaper than by any other route, and
wheat fifteen cents per bushel, and flour twenty-
five cents per barrel; and this, too, from any
point as high up as Keokuk, and within a con-
siderable distance eastward of the river. This
great water channel and tributaries have sev-
enteen thousand miles of steam navigation, and
extend into sixteen States and several of the
Territories. When the improvements already
in progress at the Des Moines and Rock Island
rapids and the Louisville and Portland canal
are completed they will be permanent works,
requiring trifling appropriations to keep them
in repair. Then from Pittsburg and St. Paul
to the month of the Mississippi there will be
continual and unobstructed navigation.
One other obstruction remains to be consid-
ered. That is the bar at the mouth of the Mis-
sissippi river. It is an obstruction created by
the deposit of the sediment carried along with
the current until the waters of the river and the
Gulf come in contact. This deposit is perpetual.
The natural force of the current is insufficient
tobear the sediment beyond the point of con-
tact. Artificial force is required to remove it.
It is now believed that the expenditure of a
few hundred thousand dollars annually will be
sufficient to deepen and widen the channel to
accommodate all ships which will be likely to
engage in the carrying trade. When this is done
cheap freights, oneofthe greatest wants of the
times, will be secured; celerity sufficient for
nil practical purposes will also be attained. The
application of steam power has become so gen-
eral that difference in time of transit for heavy
and bulky freights will not be an essential desid-
enuum.
Fur trade between the interior and the East
the advantages of the river route have been
shown. But there are other considerations
which enhance its importance to the North-
west. The people of the Gulf States raise
cereals largely inadequate for their own sup-
ply. When the lands bordering on the river
shall have become protected from overflow the
production of the great staples, cotton and
sugar, will engage larger numbers of people,
who will demand proportionately larger quam
tities of breadstuff's; so they will furnish more
of the raw material and consume more of mer-
chandise which enter into foreign and domes-
tic commerce. The cereal-jDroducing States
cannot, as a rule, rely upon European nations
for a market. After supplying the East the
people of the Northwest must look to the South
in and beyond our own country. Trade with
the West Indies, Mexico, and the northern
States of South America should be cultivated
and developed. These countries will absorb
our surplus wheat and corn, and give us in lieu
thereof the necessaries of life, the luxuries,
and the gold and silver which they produce.
The republic of Mexico has a foreign com-
merce amounting annually to between fifty
and sixty million dollars. Of this the United
States controls less than one tenth. It seems
shameful that distant nations control this trade
which lies so near us. New Orleans, the com-
mercial emporium of the Southwest, is but
three or four days' sail from the principal sea-
port and eommeicial cities of Mexico. It ap-
pears to be true that we have neglected to open
traffic with nations who most demand the pro
ducts with which we are surcharged, and which
will give us in exchange that which we most
need. But the time is at hand when this folly
or neglect will cease. With the improvement
of the mouth of the Mississippi- river to the
extent named importations from foreign coun-
tries will be transported by way of the river to
New Orleans, Vicksburg, Memphis, St. Louis,
Louisville, and Cincinnati, for all the people
in the Mississippi valley. The products des-
tined for exportation will in lflie manner be
transported over the same route.
Hitherto the Government has neglected the
development of commercial facilities for the
Mississippi valley. The former illiberal con-
struction of the Constitution confining appro-
priations to saltwater, and the absence of suf-
ficient political power m the valley States,
have in the past been the cause of this neglect.
This is the first bill that has done justice to
the West and Southwest. Sectional partiality
should never prevail in legislation of any char-
acter, especially in relation to expenditures
for internal improvements. In the future the
people of the Mississippi valley will be abun-
dantly able to secure to themselvos their just
proportion. The moneys expended upon the
Mississippi river and tributaries will bless the
country with greater returns in the way of de-
veloping resources than any hitherto appropri-
ated by Congress.
General Sherman is reported to have said
that the power in possession of the Mississippi
river could control the continent. When we
contemplate the vast territory lying between the
mountains, with a population already numer-
ically imperial, with a varied climate and fer-
tile soil, we are compelled to recognize it as
the granary of the western hemisphere and
the seat of power of the nation.
Independence of Cuba.
REMARKS OP HON. JOHN COBURN,
of indiana,
In the House of Representatives,
June 10,1870,
On the joint resolution (H. It. No. 329) in rotation to
tho contest between tho people of Cuba and tire
Government of Spain.
Mr. COBURN. Mr. Speaker, to fix rightly
our line of duty in this controversy in relation
to the policy to be pursued by the Government
as to the hostilities in Cuba, we should first
look to our own national attitude. Surely it
is not that of an aggressive, grasping, arro-
gant people, but rather that of a peacemaker,
a mediator, an exemplar of national good be-
havior. From our lofty position we can look
kindly and calmly upon the struggles of other
people, and, avoiding any complications with
them, give to those who merit justly our sym-
pathy the encouragement due the friends of
humanity.
This moment we are doing what no nation
ever did before, and what no other nation does
now. We afford an asylum and free citizen-
ship to the oppressed of all nations. We in-
vite them to our free schools, to the exercise
of free speech, to handle a free press, to enjoy
a free religion. We are literally a grand asy-
lum for all the downtrodden and unfortunate
children of earth. We are not buccaneers,
not filibusters, not knights errant.
When we set the example of free govern-
ment and ample protection to our own people
we have done enough, and if we do more it is
but gratuitous benevolence. It is the mission
of our Government to hold up to all men the
light of justice. freedom, security, and peace
within our own borders. This is done more
successfully and better thus than if by a thou-
sand conflicts of arms we secure the welfare
and progress of other nations. The success-
ful experiment made here and now insures to
all men for all time the hope, the possibility,
the model, the guide to liberal constitutions of
government. No nation but ours has done
that.
We want no wars for glory or conquest.
We want no annexation, purchase, or seizure
of territory. We have room enough. The
adjoining countries, the islands of the Gulf
and the sea, are all ours at any moment wo
want them. Long before we want them they
will be knocking at the door asking admission,
asking a share in our inheritance, asking the
benefits of our commerce, our national system,
our freedom, our progress, our ideas, our pol-
ities, our laws, and our religion. We need
not buy any territory. Canada, Cuba, San
Domingo, Mexico, Central America, all will
gravitate toward us and attach themselves to
us, soon to be the great overshadowing nation
of the continent and of the world. It is the
advantage of other peoples to become part of
our own, not any to us to acquire their terri-
tory or incorporate them as citizens. Popula-
tions of diverse languages, nationalities, tastes,
sympathies, and races, are an element of weak-
ness in a great republic.
We need fear no foreign intervention, no
establishment of monarchies on our continent,
no rooting of despotic power in our neighbor-
ing States ; there it is but a tenant by sufferance,
soon to receivc notice to quit. The spirit of
territorial aggrandizement should not influence
us or hurry us into any measures to bring about
that prematurely which destiny has carved out
for our people. Let us wait till the fruit is
ripe. Let us wait till it falls in our lap.
The Cubans are struggling for freedom. We
ardently hope they may be successful. We
hope to see tyranny overthrown everywhere.
We detest Spanish despotism, and pray for its
downfall.
What, then, is the condition of this strife in
Cuba? This question must be answered before
we are ready to declare what we ought to do as
a nation, if we take any positive steps. As to
the number of insurgents, there is the greatest
difference in the estimate; some count them
at hundreds, some at thousands. No authority,
official or unofficial, has been found that is at
all reliable on this point. As to the organiza-
tion of the forces in arms against Spain, the
statements are equally indefinite. Have they
an army, or are the forces mere scattering dis-
affected partisans and guerrillas? Are the
troops armed? If so, with what, and how
many? Have they ammunition or ordnance
stores? Have they commissary and quarter-
master's stores? Have they any supplies ? If
so, what and where are they? Have they
any camps or positions, any fortifications, any
strongholds they pretend to possess? Have
they a civil government, organization, laws, a
constitution, a legislative body, courts, civil
officers, or, indeed, any of the form and sub-
stance of national existence and power? All
is indefinite, uncertain, doubtful, the sport
and plaything of flying and deceitful rumor.
We know there is an insurrection; wo know
certain Cubans are defying Spanish authority ;
we know that there are hostilities; we know bar-
barities and atrocities are perpetrated, abom-
inable in the eyes of civilized man, by both
parties. We know that Spanish rule is deeply
detested by many thousand Cubans. We do
not know that they have a government, a civil
organization, an army, or a military organiza-
tion worthy the name.
There is not enough known definitely to jus-
tify our interference, our accordance to them
of belligerent rights, our declaration of neu-
trality as between the insurgents and Spain.
In view of these facts the Committee on For-
eign Affairs recommend the following joint
resolution :
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of Amerisa in Congress assembled.
