496
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 13,
Ho. op Reps.
River and Harbor Appropriations—Mr. Packard.
41st Gong. ... 2d Sess.
That tho President of tho United States be, and
hereby is, authorized and instructed to declare and
maintain a strictly impartial neutrality on tho part
ol' the Government of tho United States in the contest
now existing between the people of Citba and the
Government of the kingdom of Spain.
Sec. 2. And be it further renolved, That all pro-
visions of tho statute approved 20th of April, 1818,
entitled "An act in addition to the act for the pun-
ibhmcnt of certain crimes against the United States,
and to repeal the acts thorein mentioned," shall be
construed to apply equally to each of tho parties in
i he existing contest between tho people of Cuba and
i lie Government of Spain.
Sf.o. 3. And be it further resolved, That the Pres-
ident is heroby authorized and requested to remon-
strate against tho barbarous raannor in which the
war in Oaba has been conducted, and, if ho shall
deem it expedient, to solicit the cooperation of other
Governments in such measuros as ho may deem neces-
sary to secure from both contending parties an ob-
servance of tho laws of war recognized by all civil-
ized nations.
This recognizes- an existing war in Cuba as
war is understood in its regular signification,
not a mere insurrection, not a mere condition
of outlawry on the part of rebels, not mere
hostilities, but a war in its true sense; and as
a necessary consequence the declaration of
neutrality on our part in the contest. And
the enforcement of the neutrality act of 1818,
which is designed to prevent the entrance of
our citizens into the military service, the fitting
out of armed expeditions, and the assistance
in any way of belligerents with whom we are
at peace. The last clause of the resolutions
protests against the inhuman manner in which
the war has been conducted.
On the other hand the minority of the com-
mittee insist upon the passage of the following
bill:
Be it enacted by the Senate mid limine of Heprcsenta-
five* of the United titalettof Antcncain Congrenn assem-
bled, That if any person shall, within tho limits of
the United Statu*, lit out, arm, or ciiuip, or attompt
to tit out, arm, or equip, or proeuro to bo fitted out,
armed, or equipped, or shall knowingly bo concerned
at tlio lilting out, arming, or equipping of any ship
(u vessel, with intent that nucli ship or vessel shall
lie employed in tho service of nny ISuropoan prinoo
tii .State, for tho purpose of subduing Amoricancolo-
nisls claiming independence, or shall issuoordoliver
arommission within tho territory of tho United States
tor any whip or vessel, with the intont that she may
5>o omployoa as aforesaid, every person so offending
Miall bo guilty of a misdomoanor, and, upon convic-
tion thereof, shall be lined in any sumnot exoeecliug
$5,000, and ho imprisoned for a period not oxcoeding
two years, nor loss than six months; and ovory such
j-hip or vessel, with her tackle, npparoi and furni-
ture, together with all materials, arms, ammunition,
and stores, which may have been procured for tho
building and equipment thereof, shall bo forfeited,
one hah to the uso of tho informer, and tho othor
half to tho United States.
S!C<'. 2. And be, it further eii<i<>tcd. That in every
ease where a .ship or vessel shall bo fitted out, armed,
or equipped, or attempted to bo lilted out, armed, or
equipped, rontnry to tho provisions of this act, it
shall bo lawlul for tho Prcsidontof the United States,
or such person as ho shall have ompowercd for that
puipoM), to employ tho land or naval forces, or tho
militia of the united States, or any part thereof, for
tho piu pose of taking possession of and detaining
any such ship or vessel.
And he it further enacted. That tho pro-
visions of tho act approved April 20,1818, entitled
"Au act in addition to tho act tor tho punishment
of certain crimes against tho United Statos, and to
repeal the acts therein mentioned," shall bo held to
apply and bo in l'oroo as to all attempts of Ameri-
can colonies, or parts thereof, to assert their inde-
pendence; and the words "colonies, districts, or
peoples " m such act shall bo hold to apply to and
include all such American colonists claiming inde-
pendence, as described in the lirst soction of this act.
In the language of the minority—
"The policyjuKifcfctedwill preventKuropoanGov-
ernment* from obtaining hereafter in tho United
States any armaments or munitions of war for tbo
purposeotsuppressing: insurrections in American col-
onies, which tho law now forbids to bo sold to the
insurgents themselves, thus putting the parent coun-
try and the insurgents on terms of precise equality
in that respect,"
Is not this enough for us to do at present?
Does not this prevent the Spaniards from ob-
taining outfits, supplies, munitions of war, or
aid of any kind whatever Y Is not this all that
the Cubans really desire? This locks up our
ports to Spain as to war material and armed
expeditions ; nothing could do so more effect-
ually.
What, then? Shall we add the resolution
of protest against the barbarities perpetrated?
This protest has already been made and re-
peated by our Government. The President,
in his recent message, says:
" Most emphatic remonstrance has been presented
against the manner in which the strife is conducted,
and against the reckless disregard of human life, the
wanton destruction of material wealth, and tho eruol
disregard ol the established rules of civrized war-
fare."
What language could express more expli-
citly our desires in this regard? We, too, may
join in the protest; we, too, may emphatically
denounce the ferocity and cruelty exhibited by
the combatants. The people may well unite
with the President in this protest.
The whole case may be thus summed up:
the committee declare there is a Cuban nation
and a war; the minority declare there are exist-
ing hostilities, saying nothing of the existence
of the Cuban nation or of a war. The majority
on their basis claim a declaration of neutral-
ity and recognition of belligerent rights. The
minority declare that European Governments
shall not procure supplies here to put down
revolting colonists such as the Cubans. Either
proposition closes the door to Spain. The latter
treats with facts nakedly without the theory
of an existing nation and war, and leaves the
question of barbarities to executive remon-
strance. I prefer the proposition of the minor-
ity, as being equally beneficial to the Cubans
and avoiding any complication with Spain, as
a prudent, safe, and wise course of action, dic-
tated by a patriotic desire for peace.
We have no sympathy with the Spanish
monarchy; no affection, or even the coldest
regard, for that ancient and ruthless despotism.
Wo would rejoice in the overthrow of that
nation, as one of tho types of the most abom-
inable oppression yet devised by man. We
would see it go down forever, together with all
forms of barbarism, cruelty, and slavery; but
we cannot embark upon the wild, mad, bloody
ocean of intervention and foreign war. The
people of Cuba, like all other people, must free
themselves.
Every blow that is struck for the rights and for
tlie freedom of man finds a thrilling response
in millions of bosoms all over this land. May
God speed them to an early triumph, is the
universal feeling; but they must come out by
their own efforts from the house of bondage.
We are not authorized or commissioned to
liberate men in other lands, cxceptbvthepower
of our example and by the moral sway of our
free principles. There is no other salvation
for the races of men who have neglected their
rights and forgotten their manhood, till tyrants
have bound them, but their own exertions and
their own sacrifices. No other atonement is
known under Heaven for such men but their
own toil, tears, and blood. This is history;
this is God's law.
When Cuba has put lier bouse in order;
•when her people have crystallized into some
political form ; when, by her own efforts, she
can show an organization civil and military, or
either, what people so ready to hold out the
friendlyliaud aswe? But we, asa nation,have
110 false sympathy, 110 maudlin devotion to im-
mature efforts toward insurrection, no sickly
seutimentalism in regard to men who cannot
raise revolt and outlawry to the dignity of rebel-
lion and civil war. As individuals we may mourn
over the wrongs and misfortunes of Cuba, but
as a nation we can only deal with organized
powers with responsible heads. Here stands
the Administration; here stands the President;
here stand the people on an immutable rock.
A regard for the commercial interests, for the
general welfare, and public peace demands that
we stand in this position. When that unhappy
people have a civil and military organization,
a power to be treated with, a responsible Exec-
utive, and an armed military force then, and not
till then, can we hold them to be belligerents
and proclaim our neutrality.
lliver and Harbor Appropriations.
REMARKS OF HON. J. PACKARD,
OF INDIANA,
Ik the House of Representatives,
June 13, 1870,
On the bill (H. It. No. 2092) making appropriations
for tho repair, preservation, and completion of
certain public works on rivers and harbors, and for
other purposes, for tho year ending Juno 30, 1871.
Mr. PACKARD. Mr. Chairman, for the
purpose of submitting to the committee what
I wish to say I move to strike out the last word
in the thirtieth line.
In the examination of this bill I observe that
the appropriations for harbors in the State of
Michigan amount to $363,000; for the harbors
of Wisconsin, $167,500; for those of Ohio,
$86,000; for those of New York, $225,000,
and for the benefit of Illinois, $200,000. In-
diana is allowed the meagre sum of $25,000.
I am not going to complain of the Committee
on Commerce. It has done its work well and
carefully, and I shall not now ask that there
be any increase in the amount allowed by the
committee to the harbor at Michigan City. I
thank its members for this amount, and am
glad to see that it meets no opposition from
any source.
What 1 wish especially to impress on the
Committee of the Whole is this, and I do it for
the purpose of utilizing my remarks hereafter:
that Michigan City is a point where the whole
lake shipping imperatively requires that there
should be a harbor of refuge, as has boon u isely
recommended by tbe Engineer Bureau. The
local commerce of that place is rapidly increas-
ing, the number of vessels arriving and depart-
ing in tho year 1869 being nearly double the
number of those which arrived and departed
in the year 1868. The imports for May of this
year were three million three hundred and
ninety-one thousand feet of lumber, three mil-
lion two hundred and seventy-live thousand
shingles, two million five hundred and twenty-
two thousand laths, fifteen hundred tons of iron
ore, and twelve hundred and fifty-two barrels
of salt. The commerce of this year will proba-
bly double that of last. It is connected with
tho entire State, from north to south, by the
Louisville, New Albany, and Chicago railroad,
via La Fayette, to New Albany, and from La
Fayette by other railroads via Indianapolis to
Jeffersonville. The Michigan Central railrood
passes through the place giving an outlet to
Detroit and other places connecting by rail
with the Michigan Central railroad.
Another road is now in process of construc-
tion to La Porte, thirteen mileB distant, to be
completed in three months, which will give
still other connections with leading eastern
routes and with the Ohio river via Indianapo-
lis. The lines mentioned pass through some
of the richest portions of the State, and will
serve to bring Indiana coal and Lake Superior
iron ore near together. Thus the inside har-
bor, now inadequate to meet the wants of com-
merce, will soon be crowded still more by its
certain increase. But the general lake com-
merce will suffer more than the local commerce
with insufficient facilities at this place for pro-
tection to shipping. The commerce of the
lakes is estimated at the value of $500,000,000.
Many times during the prevalence of northerly
and northwesterly storms the present harbor
has been filled with vessels putting in for
refuge. Without a harbor they must all have
gone ashore and been a total loss. Situated at
