52m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
of the United .States in the District of Colum-
bia to purchase anthracite or bituminous coal
or wood for the public service, except on con-
dition that the same shall, before delivery, be
inspected and weighed or measured by some
competent person to be appointed by the head
of the Department or chief of the branch of the
service for which the purchase is made, and
that the person so appointed shall, before en-
tering upon the duly of inspector, weigher,
and measurer, and to the satisfaction of the
appointing officer., bind himself with not less
than two sureties, in the penal sum of @5,000,
that each and every ton of coal weighed by
him shall consist of two thousand two hundred
and forty pounds; and that each and every
cord of wood to be so measured shall be of the
standard measure of one hundred and twenty-
eight cubic feet. The inspector, weigher, and
measurer thus to be appointed shall be entitled
to receive from the vendors of fuel weighed and
measured by him twenty cents for each ton of
coal weighed and nine cents for each cord of
wood measured by him ; but each load or par-
cel of wood or coal weighed and measured by
him is to be accompanied by his certificate of
the number of tons or pounds of coal and the
number of cords or parts of cords of wood in
each load or parcel.
The proper accounting officer of the Treasury
is to be furnished with a copy of the apnoint-
mentof each inspector, weigher, and measurer,
and it shall not be lawful for any accounting
officer to pass or allow to the credit of any dis-
bursing officer in the District of Columbia any
money paid by him for purchase of anthracite
or bituminous coal, or for wood, unless the
voucher thereof is accompanied by a certificate
of the proper inspector, weigher, aud measurer
that the quantity paid for has been determined
by him as required by the act.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, rend
the third time, and passed.
BUREAU OF EDUCATION.
Mr. PATTERSON. There is one other bill
I should like to have passed, the bill (II. II.
No. 1-180) amendatory of an act establishing
the office of education, discontinuing thePreed-
mcn's Bureau, and for other purposes.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
Mr. KELLOGG. I object.
Mr. PATTERSON. I hope the Senator will
not object to that. What is the ground of
objection?
Mr. KELLOGG. I must, say that when an
evening is set apart ill this manner 
Mr. PATTERSON. The reading is almost
through.
Mr. FOWLER. I renew the objection
Subsequently, Mr. Fowler, withdrew his ob-
jection, and it was renewed by Mr. Pomeuoy.
vrbeuold land and ic.UIGIl.vno.X company.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Oriental
steamship bill is before the Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator who has
charge of the bill has been kind enough to
yield to me while I slate that the bill which
was up this morning has bi'en so amended, as
I atn authorized by the Senator from Vermont
who sits on my left [Mr. liyr.iL'xns] to say,
that it meets with his approbation, and he will
support it; and now I ask the Seriate to take
it up. I presume it will create no discussion,
and if I may be allowed to take it up I will
move amendments that are not mine, but
those of the Senator from Vermont, and then
I think the bill will puss at once.
Che VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Rhode Island asks unanimous consent to take
up House bill No. 2303, subject to the demand
for the Oriental steamship bill to he called up.
'1 lie Chair hears no objection, and the bill (II.
li. No. 2o03j to incorporate the United States
Freehold Land and Emigration Company, and
to continn certain legislation in Colorado Ter-
ritory is before the Senate ji« in Conmuueo of
the Whole.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move to amend the bill
by inserting after the word "corporate," in
the seventh line of the first-section, the words
"in the Territories of Colorado and New Mex-
ico;" so as to read:
Are hereby created a body politic and corporate
in the Territories of Colorado and New Mexico.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There was an
amendmentof the Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Edmunds] pending. Is that withdrawn?
Mr. ANTHONY. I am authorized to say
that he withdraws it, the amendments I shall
move satisfying the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. FOWLER. I confess I do not know
much about this bill, but I do not like it.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator will know
all about it when he hears it, and I am sure he
will agree to it.
I move, further to amend the bill in line i
eleven of the same section by inserting after
the word "all" the word "proper;" so as to
read "in all proper courts of law."
I move also to strike out in line twelve the
words "in theUnited States and the Territory
of Colorado."
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move next to insert
afterthe word " formed," in line seven of sec-
tion two, the words "not exceeding in the
whole the sum of $10,000,000;" so as to read :
Aud such capital stock may be increased from time
to lime, to the extent, necessary to carry out the ob-
jects tor which said company is formed, not exceed-
ing in the whole 810,000,000.
The amendment, was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move farther to amend
by making the proviso in the third section read :
J>rovided, That such by-laws shall not conflict with
any law of the United States or of the Territories of
Colorado or New Mexico, or the States which may be
formed therein.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move further to amend
in section five, line eleven, after the word "act,"
by inserting" with any co-tenant thereof;" and
by striking out in the same section the words
"other means of transit."
'The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. In section five I move to
insert after the word "corporation" the words
"subject to said statutes."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. In line nine of section
six after the word "real" I move to insert
"estate aforesaid."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move to make the sev-
enth section read as follows:
That this bill shall take effect immediately, and
shall at ail times be subject to repeal or modification
by Congress; and said corporation shall be subject to
the general laws of said Territories and the States
formed therein, operating on all corporations equally.
Mr. HARLAN. I offered an amendment
this morning which has not been disposed of
yet.
'The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
fiom Iowa moves to strike out in the fifth sec-
tion the woids:
And tiio powers, privileges, and franchises con-
ferred on corporations by and under the provisions
of chapter eighteen of the revised statutes of Col-
orado, or of any and all amendments thereto, are
hereby confirmed to and invested in said corpora-
tions.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope the Senator will
not insist on that amendment; it just defeats
the bill. The company has had certain fran-
chises and charters from the Territory of Col-
orado; and it is necessary, in order that they
may obtain credit abroad, that, they shall have
some further security than territorial legis-
lation, on account of the jealousy of foreign
capitalists of territorial legislation. I take it ,
that no territorial legislation is ever repealed j
by Congress if rights have vested under it. I j
think that has been the uniform rule, and this i
confirmation amounts to nothing whatever. ;
Mr. POMEROY. That clause was amended 1
this morning by adding the words " subject to
such statutes."
Mr. HARLAN. I regret exceedingly to be
under the necessity of raising any objection to
a bill that my honorable friend from Rhode
Island feels so much interest in as he has mani-
fested in this. My object was to confine the
privileges of this company to the purposes indi-
cated in the bill; and if the honorable Senator
can frame some amendment to that phraseology
which will give them no more privileges than
are contemplated by this bill, I will not-insist
on the amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think if the Secretary
will read the sentence as amended on the mo-
tion of the Senator from Vermont, the Senator
from Iowa will find it meets his views.
Mr. HARLAN. Let it be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The clause will
be read as it now stands.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
And the powers, privileges, and franchises con-
ferred on corporations by and under the provisions
of chapter eighteen of the revised statutes of Colo-
rado, or of any or all amendments thereto, are hereby
confirmed and vested in said corporation, subject to
such statutes.
Mr. HARLAN. Add "for the purposes of
this act."
Mr. ANTHONY. I have no objection to
that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amend-
ment will be regarded as agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. Now I withdraw the motion
to strike out.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed. and the amendments were concurred in.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. On the passage of that
bill I call for the yeas and nays. I do not
wish to delay it, if the Senate is disposed to
pass such a bill and create a great corporation
in the Territories, a thing never yet done, for
the purpose of holding lands in perpetuity, as
this bill does. I wish to record my vote
against it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I have opposed conscien-
tiously the aggregation of the public lands or
granting corporate privileges for the construc-
tion of railroads, from the beginning of this
session until the present moment. I have here-
tofore expressed my reasons for that course.
As to this measure that is now before the Sen-
ate I have this to say: that it has for its object
nothing more than that which has been ex-
pressed in the examination and the chartering
of a railroad and of all the developments con-
tingent upon a railroad, which has received the
assent of almost every member of this body.
The proposition is to develop a section of
country remote from the lines of railroad here-
tofore established. It is in accord with the
prevailing sentiment of this body and of the
other House that there shall be brought immi-
grants, people to develop the interior of our
country. The charter which the Senatorfrom
Illinois complains of is only what is granted to
every company constructing a railroad. Those
railroad companies have the power to lease
their lands as well as to sell them. This priv-
ilege is granted to a company that asks simply
the opportunity of doing business as a corpor-
ate body rather than as an individual associa-
tion, because it is necessary for the success of
the enterprise as well as for the protection of
those that are to enjoy the privilege.
It comes to us divested of many of the ob-
jections that have been a part of the grants
given to other corporations. It asks nothing
of Congress, except that which it possesses
itself. It does not require of the legislative
branch of the Government that it shall appro-
priate additional acres of the public lands.
What it, asks would be acceded to by every
State in this Union. It asks that it may so
conduct, its lands in the direction of bringing
upon them people to develop them as will
produce success.
