3398
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
pot on their own application, bat were retired
by the volition of the Government An exist-
ing law provides that these men shall not be
employed at all, and tbey are not employed.
These officers are now unemployed. Now, it
is proposed to take off that disability. We
have just adopted the .amendment proposed
by the Senator from Wisconsin to take off
that, disability, so that retired officers on their
own application can be assigned to certain
duties. They cannot command troops, but
can sit on courts-martial, and act in colleges,
and sit upon boards, and be at the head of
soldiers' homes, on their own application, but
without any increase of expense to the Govern-
ment. Some of these officers would like to
have some employment; at any rate, they feel
the disability, and we have provided that they
cannot iucrease their pay ; but if this amend-
ment, be adopted it will increase the ex-
pense, and it seems to me it ought not to be
adopted.
Mr. MORTON. If these retired officers are
assigned to and perform the duties of officers
on the active list, and, take their places, is
there any justice in saying that they shall not
have the same compensation 1
Mr. WILLIAMS. They ought to have it.
Mr. MORTON. Certainly; it is a mere
matter of justice.
Mr. WILSON. If that is going to be the
case, I must say to the Senate I shall resist
allowing them to go on duty at all. It seems
to me that we shall have officers enough in the
Army on the active list to do nearly all these
duties. There may be some little thing in which
some few of these officers might be employed;
but we.shall have enough Army officers to do
these duties without adding this additional ex-
pease to the Government. It may be, then, that
nearly all these officers will be assigned and
have the same pay as though they were on the
active list.'
Mr. MORTON. I want to refer to a single
case that gives rise, to this. In 1865 or 1866
jDr; McDougall, of the medical department of
the Army, was retired by an intrigue. I am
authorized to say that it was by an intrigue.
It was a matter of great injustice to him, one
of the ablest men in the Army, who had ren-
dered distinguished service in the Army—Ipre-
sume no man stood higher—still in the very
vigor of his life, physically and intellectually,
and now only sixty-five years old. But he has
lived entirely on his pay, and is a poor man
with a large family. He desires to be restored
to the active list, first, because he wants to have
something to do; and second,.because he abso-
lutely requires the pay. This is the case that
I have in view. , A bill passed the House, I
believe, without opposition, to authorize him
to be restored to the active list. Now, where
ever there is a case where a retired officer can
perform the duty of an officer en the active
list, and he does perform that duty, is there
any principle of justice that would prevent him
from receiving the pay of an officer on the
active list ?' It is no favor to authorize a retired
officer to perform the duty of an active officer,
and yet; only get the pay of a retired officer.
Very, few pf them willwant, to do that.
Mr. WILSON. I admit if the Government
should force these retired officers to do these
duties there would be some reason in it; but
the proposition to which the Senator refers, to
restore the officer named to the active list,
would not be affected by this amendment. If
he is restored to the active list he then baa the
pay of an officer on the active list.
-Mr. MORTON. But my motion would give
him pay,
Mr. THURMAN. Is this an amendment to
the eleventh section ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is an amend-
ment just adopted on the motion of the Sena-
tor from Wisconsin to add to it the proviso
moved by the Senator from Indiana.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move bo add to
the section just adopted on the motion of the
Senator from Wisconsin, the following:
And all provisions of law prohibiting a retired
oflicor from holding any civil office within the limits
•of tho United State3 ore hereby repealed.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am perfectly willing
that any arrangement should be made in refer-
ence to tlie officers of the Army as to pay,
whether they are upon the active or the retired
list; but I am opposed to thisattempt to con-
solidate the military and the civil powers of
the Government. I think that the theory of
our Government is that the military should be
separate from and subordinate to the civil
authority; and this proposition invades and
overthrows that theory; for if it be competent
for retired officers of the Army to hold civil
offices, then it is competent for officers on the
active list to hold civil offices, and the argu-
ments that will justify the one will justify the
other. Thousands of men upon the active list
of the Army are men of great merit and dis-
tinction, and are entitled to the gratitude of
the country ; bat that does not prove that they
ought to be eligible to civil offices under the
Government.
The Senator from Ohio puts this proposition
upon the ground that these persons deserve
well of the country, that they have served the
country faithfully, and that'they Have sacrificed
much for the country. That is true. But, sir,
( there are thousands and tens of thousands of
I others in the country, men who were volunteer
[ officers, men who were volunteer soldiers, who
are entitled to as much gratitude and favor as
the retired officers of the regular Army, and I
| think that if a man is an officer of tbe regular
! Army, if the Government provides him with a
competency during his natural life, the civil
offices of the eountry may very properly be
left open to the volunteers in the war and to
the civilians.
These retired officers are to all intents and
purposes officers of the regular Army; and
soch men have an advantage in applications for
office, because there is a tie between such an
officer and the other officers of the Army, and
lve can bring to his support the influence of the
entire Army ; and it is very powerful in this
country at this time,, and its power lias been
felt more than once in the appointment of civil
officers.- He can bring the whole power of the
Army to which he belongs to his support as
against an application -for office by a civilian
or by a man who lias served in the voluhtaer
force of the country.
But, sir, it seems to me that it is not suffi-
cient, to-overthrow a principle which underlies
the Government* to argue that a certain class
of men deserve well of the country. I appre-
ciate as highly as any man can the services of
these men. I mm willing to extend to them
every.possible favor that they can enjoy under
the Government as officers of the Army; but
at the same time I think that it is desirable,
as far as practicable, to maintain the distinct
tion between the military and tbe civil depart-
ments of the Government. It mig-ht as weH
be argued that men who belong to the judiciary
of the country, beoause they are eminent as
judges should be eligible to any ether civil
appointment, and so the legislative and'judicial
and executive departments of the Government
should all be blended into one, and nodistinc-
tion should be maintained, as torargue that the
military and civil power should be blended into
one, or that men who bold one office and are
subject to the authority of their military supe'
riors should be eligible to civil office.
Since the adoption of,-the amendment pro*
posed by tbe Senator from Wisconsin these
persons are-subject to, the authority of their
superior officers in the Army. I do not know
exactly the extent of the authority which is
maintained over officers upon the retired list,
but I suppose they are still subjectto the authors
ity of their superior officers; and if they are,
then they cannot be fully and completely re-
sponsible to the people and to the Government
ascivil officers.
I am advised that they are subject to the
Rules and Articles of War, like other officers,
and may be court-martialed and may be tried
like other officers to all intents and purposes,
although they are excluded from active em-
ployment. Under such circumstances it seerna
to me that they ought not to be eligible, and
they cannot complain if they are made inel-
| igible to civil office, because if a man is
j elected to a civil office by the people be ought
| to be solely and exclusively responsible to the
j people by whom he is elected, and not be sub-
| ject to the control of some authority not re-
] sponsible to the people by whom be is chosen,
j So if a man is appointed to a civil office be
S ought to be subject to- the same responsibil-
; ities, be ought to be amenable in all respects
j like all civil officers. There ought not to be
any such distinction maintained as there will
: be in this Government between officers of the
Army holding eivil office and civilians who are
elevated to civil office; and therefore I feel
bound to oppose this amendment of the Sen-
ator from Ohio, not-because I fail to appre-
ciate the services of these men, not because I
am ungrateful in any respect for what they
have done, but because I think that it is our
duty, as far as practicable, to keep the depart-
ments of the Government separate and distinct
from each other, and so maintain the theory
of the Government.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is one remark made
by the Senator from New York and the Senator
from Oregon to which I will reply; that is, that
these officers are subject to the Rules and Arti-
cles of War. In all other respects it is admit-
ted that they are not officers. They are on the
retired list; they are not subject to command;
they ate not liable to be ordered to tbe field;
they are toot entitled to promotion; but they
are subject to the Rules and Articles of War.
Why is that? Simply to maintain over them
the discipline of the Army, so that they shall
not draw their pensions after they hive com-
mitted acts that are violative of good order and
discipline. That was the object of that require-
ment, and the only purpose of maintaining this
rule was to secure over them the control and
power which the Rules and Articles of War pre-
scribe in order to make an Army officer a
gentleman in the true sense of the word, to
conduct himself properly. If a private citizen
who may hold any office of honor, trust, or
profit becomes drunk, is intoxicated daily on
tbe streets, or does anything that is bad and
injurioos to morals, he still is eligible to office.
The only purpose of snbjeeting theBe retired
officers to the Rules and Articles of War is to
maintain discipline over tbeir conduct, to pre-
serve their conduct proper and decorous.
. There is no reason in the world why these
few officers of the Army should be excluded
by arigid rule, of lawfrom holding subordinate
civil offices. Tbe hardship is that they are
excluded by fcrw from holding these offices
without any reason or without any principle
involved. .Perhaps there may not be more than
five or six of them who will ever receive an
office from the people or from executive au-
thority ; but the fact that tbey are excluded
by law from holding these offices is a matter
of which they have a right.to complain. I trust,
therefore, this amendment will be adopted.
. Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, two year*
ago the chairman of-the Committee on Naval
Affairs introduced a resolution and had it
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs
authorizing the President to appoint retired
naval officers as consuls. I believe the Com-
mittee- on Naval Affairs unanimously decided
to have them appointed to consular offices;
but when the proposition came up for discus-
sion the Committee on Commerce had a word
to say upon that subject. The Naval Commit-
tee had decided that the Navy conld spare the
dfficers, but the Committee on Commerce did
not decide that they conld nse them. Tbe troth
