mo.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
49"7
41&t Cong....2d Sess.
River and Harbor Appropriations—Mr. Buck.
Ho. op "B,eps.
the head of the lake, vessels readily enter here.
But they need room and call loudly for a harbor
of refuge.
Kiver and Harbor Appropriations.
SPEECH OF HON. ALFRED E. BUCK,
of alabama,
1st the House of Representatives,
June 13, 1870,
On the bil i (II. II.No. 2092) making appropriation:' for
the repair, preservation, and completion of certain
public works in rivers and harbors, and for other
purposes, for the year ending Juno 30, 1871.
Mr. BUCK. Mr. Chairman, a Grecian phi-
losopher once moat wisely said that he had
"often regretted having spoken, never having
kept silent." Until now I have certainly been
on the safe side, believing, although no philos-
opher, that as a new member of this House I
should say little, and only when I had some-
thing to say, and not because I wished to speak.
The subject of river and harbor improve-
ment, sir, has been discussed, and money has
been voted year after year by Congress after
Congress for the past thirty years for such im-
provements. The ablest men of the country
long ago discussed the theory and settled the
policy of the Government upon this subject.
No new light could I hope to give upon the
general topic. But, coming as 1 do from the
"Queen City of the Gulf," and representing
as X do great commercial as well as agricul-
tural interests, feeling a vital interest in the bill
now under consideration, I am constrained to
speak in behalf of my people, and to put in the
claims of my section upon the General Gov-
ernment for aid to its rivers and harbors.
In the bill before us I find the State of
Michigan has nineteen harbors and rivers to
be improved by expenditure of the aggregate
Bum, as recommended, of $363,000; Wiscon-
sin, eight rivers and harbors, at an aggregate
of $107,000; Maine, seven rivers and harbors,
at 580,000. I will not instance further. But,
sir, of the §3,330,000 to be appropriated by
this bill directly for improvement of rivers and
harbors, not, including surveys to be made, the
Gulf States get only $325,000 upon their whole
coast. To that add for Wilmington harbor, in
Delaware, $15,000, and you have the sum total
of appropriations for our entire southern, At-
lantic, and Gulf coast, from New York to the
Bio Grande! I do not complain that any
States get more than they ought; but I do say,
sir, that if Alabama and Georgia had each a
member on the sub-committee of three to draft
this bill, as had Michigan and Wisconsin, I
think Savannah and Mobile would not have
suffered in comparison with those States. Why,
sir, have any of the nineteen rivers and harbors
of Michigan, or the eight of Wisconsin, any
more claim upon the Government than has the
huibor of Mobile ? Is it because we have been
so long out of the Union, now admitted, we
are on an unequal footing with other States,
and are to have no material aid which is so
generously granted to other portions of the
Union ? Since the war harbor and river appro-
pi iations have been made, in the aggregate, of
$14,711,889, including the amount in this bill,
of which Alabama, Virginia, North Carolina,
South Carolina, Georgia, and Texas got noth-
ing. Louisiana, for improvement at the mouth
of the Mississippi, had §389,820!
Now, sir, from 1824 to the present time the
appropriations for the Gulf of Mexico hr.ve
always been small and meager as compared
with those for the Atlantic harbors and the in-
land bays and rivers. To-day, sir, I admit
your committee reportfor the improvement of
the mouth ot the Mississippi river the sum of
$300,000 ; for the harbor of Galveston, Texas,
§25,0001 And 1 am glad that my friend, the
41st Cong, 2d Bess.—No. 32.
gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Sheldon,] is
one of that sub-committee to which I have
referred, and the gentleman from Texas [Mr.
Clark] is also on the Committee on Com-
merce; for they have done nobly for their States.
But alas for Alabama! alas for Mobile bay
and harbor, where sits the pride of the Gulf, a
commercial eity of fifty thousand inhabitants,
possessed of a harbor which has flowing into it
two great rivers—the Alabama, navigable six
hundred miles, and the Tombigbee, three hun-
dred miles ! This prosperous city, with its rail-
roads, built and constructing, that radiate and
penetrate the Atlantic States on the east, the
great valley of the Mississippi on the northwest,
striking the river of rivers near its junction
with the Ohio, and Louisiana and Texas in the
southwest 1 Alas for the commercial trade of
the Gulf! Not one dollar do I see for this
harbor. I do not complain of appropriations
for other improvements. Especially would I
recommend the liberality of your committee
toward Louisiana and Texas; but, sir, I do
object to your committee failing to do simple
justice, under cover of the technical objection
that no recent survey warrants it. The gen-
tleman from Michigan [Mr. Conger] of the
special committee to make up and report this
bill complacently declares in his able speech
of to-day:
"i will not presume to say, Mr. Speaker, that the
committee has made the best or most advantageous
distribution of the limited amount of moneys which
thfi present financial condition of the country will
suffer to be appropriated at this time from the Treas-
ury for the protection and extension of our vast
ocean and inland commerce and navigation, but I
will say that whatever information and knowledgo
could bo acquirod by zeal, industry, and patience to
assist in forming the judgment and arriving at con-
clusions, the committee have consciontiously endeav-
ored to secuic; and they submit the result of their
best endeavor to the House and the country."
Now, sir, let us look at a few facts and see
if the "best and most advantageous distribu-
tion of the limited amount of moneys which
the present financial condition of the country
will suffer to be appropriated" has been made;
and let us see if this is the case when we appre-
ciate what Mobile harbor is and what it is to
become. This harbor is a broad expanse of
water ten miles in width, with a depth, at low
water, of only eight feet in the ship-channel,
and of twenty-five miles in length. This want
of depth is due in part to debris of the large
rivers pouring in, partly to bars of solid clay,
and partly to obstructions placed in the channel
as a means of defense to the city during the
rebellion. This bay only requires a moderate
expenditure to give a depth of from fifteen to
eighteen feet as a permanent channel. The
following statement from the harbor commis-
sioners, in 1861, is worthy of attention here.
They say:
"Themass of information thus obtained having
been collated and reduced to maps and tables in the
Ooast Survey office at Washington, the whole subject
was referred by permission of the General Govern-
ment to an advisory councilor United States com-
missioners, consisting of Professor A. 13. Bacho, Su-
perintendent United States Coast Survey, General
J. G. Totten, chief United States engineer corps, and
Commander C. II. Davis, superintendent United
States Nautical Almanac, gentlemen who are recog-
nized as the highest soiontiflc authority in matters
ot this nature. The conclusions at which the United
States commissioners arrived after a thorough exam-
ination and discussion of all the questions involved,
in which they were assisted by the engineer of the
Mobile harbor boaid, detailed for that purpose, ex-
ceed the expectations of the most sanguine friends
of the improvement. It is shown that not only is the
execution of the vrork comparatively easy, but its
pieservation in order when completed is attended
with but small expense. The report contains a sum-
mary and review of all the facts ascertained under
the instructions of the Superintendent ot the United
Slates Coast Survey, traces the lino of the proposed
channel, and recommends dredging as the cheapest
and speediest method of operation. The commis-
sioners, therefore, are enabled to lay before the pub-
lie the following results of their labors for the past
year:
"1. The contemplated improvement by the exca-
vation of a channel, twenty-three miles in length,
three hundred feet wide, and fifteen feet deep, has
been proved to benot only feasible, but comparatively
eas^ of. execution.
' 2. A thorough survey of the rivers and bay with
a view to the contemplated improvement, has been
executed under the direction of the Superintendent
of the United States Coast Survey by able naval
officers and mathematicians: all the information
bearing upon thosubjcct has boon collected, system-
atized by the most distinguished engineering author-
ities in the country, and made available in the shape
of maps, tracings, tables, charts, &c.
"3. It has been ascertained that the channel aljovc
described can be completed in from two to two and
a half years from the time ofcommenuing excavations,
and at an expense largely within tho amount con-
templated by the act authorizing the improvement,"
Again, from the same report I read as to the
point of the necessity of this work to the trade
already established :
"Tho expense of lighterage consequent on the shal-
lowness of tho Bay of Mobile, owing to which all
vessels but those ot very inconsiderable draught are
compelled to discharge and load at overtwentymiles
from the wharves of the city, has long been felt as an
onerous burden, not only on tho eommerce of Mobile,
but on tho productive wealth of the whole State.
This expense amounts to thirty cents on every bale
of cotton, and in the aggregate, calculating imports
as well as exports, is estimated at not less than 8350,000
per annum, from two thirds to three fourths of which
would be annually saved by a channel permitting
vessels drawing fiftaen feet water to take and dis-
charge their cargoes at the wharves of the city."
Now, sir, notwithstanding the great need of
this improvement here already shown; not-
withstanding I have presented petitions and
urged an appropriation for this harbor; not-
withstanding I have asked to be heard at length
before your committee in behalf of an appropri-
ation, I have been met only with the response,
" impossible," because of a rule shutting out all
cases were no recommendation for appropria-
tion was found in report of chief of engineers.
But, sir, this improvement of Mobile Bay and
harbor is not alone in the interests of Mobile
and of my constituents. Nature has given the
State of Alabama in its exhaustless, and I
might almost say limitless, coal measures and
its enormous area and depth of beds of iron
ore, unsurpassed in quality and yield, and that,
too, within easy access, that which is soon to
make this harbor the great coal depot of the
Gulf; and to-day an air-line road is under con-
tract that is to penetrate the heart of this great
mineral wealth of the State. Within a few years
the iron and coal trade alone will double, nay,
quadruple, the commercial trade of the city.
The valley of the upper Mississippi, too, is vitally
concerned in this work of improvement. St.
Louis and Chicago are directly connected by
rail with Mobile. The former is six hundred and
sixty-seven miles, and the latter eight hundred
and fifty-seven miles distant, while from New
York Chicago is nine hundred and seventy
miles, and St. Louis more than one thousand
miles.
And, sir, who shall now say that Mobile is
not to compete with New York for the trade
of Chicago and the great West in imported
goods; not only the imports from the West
Indies and South Amcrica,which are nowlarge,
but from Europe as well. To-day her coft'ee
trade with St. Louis is not insignificant, and
her imports are increasing. The superintend-
entof the Mobile Board of Trade in his annual
report for 1800, truthfully says:
"The project to make ours in part a market of
supply for coll'ee, for largo and rich sections of ad-
joining States as well as the Northwest, has been
successfully inaugurated. Direct importations from
Rio last year, ending 1st of September, wero twenty-
one thousand three hundred and fifty-four bags
against ninety-seven hundred the year previous, and
were sold in lame part to (icorgia, Tennessee, and
Missouri, which States have hitherto sought their
supplies in other markets, chieiiy New York and
Baltimore: and experience teaches thatwithproper
energy wo may in time rival markets in this trade
which have had a long start ahead,of us. We enjoy
facilities for quick and cheap transportation to the
West through tho far-seeing liberality of our rail-
roads, which are lending a helping hand to our in-
terests in this regard, and which in turn_ promise
ultimately to be amply remunerated by this policy.
The access to this port is easier, less expensive, and
