1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
199
General^ Government. I say again I express
no opinion upon that point, for I have not
studied the question at all; but surely after a
lawyer as eminent as the gentleman to whom
I have referred has' stated that to be his delib-
erate opinion 
Mr. SUMNER. Who was the lawyer, may
I ask? .
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. Reverdy Johnson.
He stated that opinion, professing to have
formed it after a deliberate investigation of the
question. It does seem to me that it is a ques-
tion, therefore, that merits investigation; and
that the bill ought not to be put through the
Senate without that investigation. If, then,
there be no objection on the part of the Senator
who is pressingthis bill, I would move that it be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The VICE PRESIDENT, Does the Chair
understand the Senator to make the motion ?
Mr. THURMAN. I make the motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
Ohio moves to refer the bill to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. SUMNER. My friend from Ohio shows
that he is new in this Chamber. Had he been
here longer I think he would not have made
such a motion. This bill comes from one of
the standing committees of this body. I have
stated that it was the subject of careful and
most mature consideration by that committee,
and the Senate has now before it the result of
their best consideration. And now my friend
from Ohio proposes that their work shall be
reviewed by a court of review, as I understand
him, being another committee of this body,
in whom at least he shows more confidence
than in that committee to which this subject
was referred by the Senate. I cannot quarrel
with the Senator for his opinion; but I do not
think that the Senate will concur with him
(hat the action of one committee of this body
is to bo referred to another for review. Such
t do not understand to be the order of business
in this Chamber. I doubt if the proceeding
could be adopted without disrespect to one
committee of this body, however much it might
exalt another. I cannot believe that my friend
from Ohio has either purpose in view.
The Senator asks that this bill shall be con-
sidered. I toll him it has been considered, and
it has been considered by the appropriate com-
mittee of this body, the committee to which
twice over, at two different sessions, it has been
referred. What more will the Senator have?
The Senator then adduces the opinion of a
lawyer not a member of this body. I wish the
Senator had given his own opinion. I should
have valued that opinion. An opinion given
under his responsibilities as a Senator in this
Chamber on the question he has presented would
certainly have received from every Senator hero
the greatest respect, aud from none more than
from myself.
But allow me to say that the Senator revives
an old and very familiar question, an old cus-
tomer in this Chamber; it is the question of
State rights under another alias; it is that ques-
tion whose agitation has been felt in the coun-
cils of this country from the first days of the
Republic down to this moment; and I am sorry,
allow me to say, that it should be introduced
on this occasion. Sir, there is nothing in this
bill to justify it. The bill proceeds on admit-
ted principles of constitutional law, principles
which I believe the Senator himself, if he will
give his attention to this great question, will not
dispute.
On the main principle allow me to say that
provided the national Government forbears to
exercise this power I have no opinion now to
express on the rights of the States. It may be
within their competency in such a case to allow
the landing of a cable. I do not undertake to
say the contrary; but I do undertake to say
against any lawyer whose opinion the Senator
from Ohio may introduce, and, with great
respect, against the opinion of the honorable
Senator himself, that it is absolutely within
the competency of the national Government to
assume this jurisdiction; and when the national
Government has once-assumed it it is in dero-
gation of all rights of the States. Sir, that
principle is fundamental in our constitutional
law. It has been established again and again'
by the decisions of the Supreme Court of the
United States ; and it goes back to a funda-
mental principle in the very text of the Con-
stitution which admits of no question. I will
read that, sir. Among the power of Congress
is this:
"To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and
among thesever&l States,and with the Indian tribes."
There it is, in the first clause, " to regulate
commerce with foreign nations." Now, 1
would ask if a cable which is to connect these
two hemispheres together does not belong to
the commerce between two nations; whether
it does not come under the foreign affairs of our
country; whether, therefore, it does not legiti-
mately belong to the national Government?
Sir, on the text of the Constitution there can
be no question. That text is explicit beyond
all peradventure. It is only by refinement, by
indirection, by traveling outside of that text,
that anything to the contrary can be found.
But going beyond that text, taking up the de-
cisions of the Supreme Court which I do not
cite—they are all familiar to the lawyers on this
floor, much more so than to myself—taking up
those decisions illustrating this very text, you
have tho irresistible conclusion that this is a
full, complete, and peremptory powerconferred
upon the Congress of the United States; and
when that body has proceeded to exercise it it
is exclusive of the jurisdiction of the States.
Mr. Conkling rose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New York.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I see that
the Chair looks toward the Senator from Ohio.
1 do not wish to interpose against any reply
that he wishes to make to the Senator from
Massachusetts, although I want some more in-
formation about the bill and shall seek it now
unless I interfere with him. I beg, then, to ask
the attention of the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts to the modification which he
means to introduce by the pending amendment.
The effect of that, as I understand it, is to
impose upon existing telegraphic lines and
cables new conditions—conditions which did
no t enter originally into their arrangements, and
which do not exist now as to them. I beg to
call his attention to the fact not only that there
are existing lines, but that there are lines and
corporations of this sort existing, not only
having been recognized by Congress, but under
the authority of Congress itself.
Mr. SUMNER. Those are excepted in the
bill. The language excepts them. This lan-
guage was introduced by myself; I drew it in
section two, line two: "and subject to the
terms of such grants as have heretofore been
made by Congress for laying and maintaining
telegraph cables between the United States and
foreign countries."
Mr. CONKLING. Then, shall we under-
stand that the effect of the amendment is to be
to apply this code to lines which hereafter
shall go into operation, but not to attach it to
those which now exist?
Mr. SUMNER. Not at all. The code is
applicable to all cables between the United
States and foreign countries, subject, however,
to any conditions already embodied in the
legislation of Congress.
Mr. CONKLING. Now I see that the hon-
orable Senator does not get the
which I seek to make.
Mr. SUMNER. I am very sorry: I
to get it.
Tf i ' ^O^KLING.^ It is my fault, no doubt,
it the Senator will give me his attention for a
moment I will endeavor to make my question
plain. This bill proposes to establish what the
Senator has called a code, namely, to annex
conditions one, two, three, four, and five, for
suggestion
tried
example, that the Government shall
have precedence over everybody else; that it
shall use this cable by an operator of its own,
and so on. Now that, if I understand him, is
to be applied to existing corporations which
have vested rights, and I call his attention to
the fact that some of those corporations exist
by acts of Congress, which acts impose no such
•conditions whatever upon them. Therefore,
when you say that these conditions are to be
imposed, subject, however, to other conditions
which have already been imposed, then I sub-
mit to the Senator that on the face of the bill
you have introduced new and heretofore un-
known conditions to operate upon those com-
panies. Ami not right in that ?
Mr. SUMNER. As a general statement.
Mr. CONKLING. As a general statement.
Well, am I not right in supposing that condi-
tions first, second, third, and fourth, for ex-
ample, are applied to existing lines, and that
they are entirely new ? If I am right in that,
then I ask the Senator the question whether
we have the power, if I may so put it, orwhethei
if we have the power we have the sound discre-
tion, arbitrarily to say new things, to impose
new conditions, to make exactions never here-
tofore agreed to from people who have exist
ing rights, which rights are vested by acts of
Congress that have never been repealed; and
1 refer particularly now to the act to encour-
age^ telegraphic communication between the
United States and the island of Cuba and the
West Indies, and also to the joint resolution
passed later to encourage and facilitate tele-
graphic communication between the western
and eastern continents. The question is
whether we have as to these corporations
the right, or at all events the fair discretion,
arbitrarily to ingraft anew upon them condi-
tions to which they never agreed.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, lam obliged
to the Senator from New York for proposing
the question, and I shall certainly answer it
frankly. That was considered by the com-
mittee, and their conclusion was that it was
within the power of Congress now to provide
what I have already called a general code or
a system of general regulations applicable to
all cables between the United States and for-
eign countries, except so far as any special
privileges were already secured by an indi-
vidual cable ; and in order to keep alive those
privileges the words to which I have referred
were introduced into the second section. 1
will read them again. I will begin at the
commencement of the section, " that subject
to the foregoing conditions, stipulations, and
reservations'' 
Mr. CONKLING. If the honorable Sen-
ator will allow me to interpose, I desire to sub-
mit to him that that could not have been any
part of the original scope of this bill. Why?
Because it was wholly prospective in its oper-
ation, and it is so now unless the amendment
shall prevail which the Senator has just offered.
The bill as it passed the Senate before and as
it came from the committee was to this effect:
"that whenever communication shall here-
after be established between the United States
and any foreign country by means of tele-
graphic or magnetic cables," then the condi-
tions prescribed should apply. Now he pro-
poses by the introduction of this amendment
to import into the bill a retroactive provision,
so that it becomes universal in its application,
and there arises, if indeed it arises at all, the
question which I submit to the honoiable
Senator.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator was kind enough
to interrupt me in the middle of a sentence. I
began by reading the second section and I had
got to the middle of the sentence, therefore I
go back now to tho beginning :
That, subject to the foregoing conditions, stipu-
lations, and reservations, and subject to the terms
of such grants as have heretofore been made by Con-
gress for iaying and maintaining telegraphcables
between the United States and foreign countries, the
consent of Congress is hereby given, & e.
