HIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
from the printed text, Kut it will be read as
part of the report -of thS committee unless
objected to.
Mr. CASSERLY. I desire to aslk what bill
tbe Clerk is reading?
..The .PRESIDING- OFFICER, (Mr. Wil-
mams in theohair.) The clerk is reading what
purports to be the amendment reported Feb-
ruary 7 by thfe Committee on Past Offices and
Post Roads.
Mr. CASSBRLY. I have the print of Feb-
ruary 7, 1870, before me, but it does not com-
pare with the bill as read by the Clerk.
Mr. POMEROY. The Clerk is reading from
a bill that has been amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is the
amendment reported by the Senator from Ark-
ansas, [Mr. McDonald.]
Mr. CASSERLY. I have that before me ;
but it does not compare with the bill read from
the desk.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will proceed with the reading at the point
he left off, on page 7, section four.
Mr. CASSERLY. The departure is on
page 6.
The Chief Clerk. In line thirty-three of
section four, the committee report an inter-
lineation, after the word "company" to insert
"and delivered to the board of commission-
ers."
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to inquire how it
happens that that is not printed?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The under-
standing of the Chair is that these amendments
were proposed by the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads to the printed amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. Without being printed?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without
being printed. The Chair supposes they are
not very material amendments. Perhaps the
Senator from Arkansas can inform the Senator
from California how it happens that there are
interlineations here which are not printed.
Mr. McDONALD. The bill as printed is
the one that was presented from the committee.
Since that time, on consultation, we have
agreed on some amendments, and that is why
there are interlineations. They do not change
the substance of the printed bill at all.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not hear the Sen-
ator.
Mr, NYE. The Senator from Arkansas says
that the interlineations not printed are amend-
ments agreed upon by the committee since the
bill was printed.
Mr. CASSERLY. I should like to inquire
how a bill can be amended by a committee
after being printed.
Mr. McDONALD. If the Senator objects to
the interlineations the Secretary can read the
bill as it was originally printed.
Mr. THAYER. I suggest that the Secretary
read the bill as printed, and then these alter-
ations can be read as amendments.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The com-
mittee's amendment will be read as printed.
If there is any mistake about it it can be
adjusted afterward.
Mr. CASSERLY. What I wish to know is,
what bill is before the Senate? At the word
" company," in the thirty-third line of page 6,
there is a variation, as read by the Clerk ; I
desire to know how that variation has taken
place 1
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not iu
the knowledge of the Chair.
Mr. CORBETT. I suggest that the bill be
read as printed, and then 'lie amendments of
tbe committee can be afteiward adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading
will proceed in that way.
Mr. CASSERLY. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the President of the Scuttle to the cir-
cumstance that at the word "company," iu
linelhiny-three, page 6, there is the firstdepart-
nre from the printed bill, and I desire to have
some explanation of that departure.
Tbe PRESIDING OFFICER.- The Senator
from California will understand that the bill
is now being read as printed, and all interline-
ations are omitted; and after the bill is read,
if these interlineations are proposed as amend-
ments, then the question will arise as to whether
they ought to be inserted or iVofc. But the
Senate will consider at this time that these
interlineations are left out., and the amendment
reported will be read precisely as printed.
Mr. CASSERLY. I beg leave to say that
I have a printed bill in my hand of the date of
February 7, 1870, and in line thirty-three, on
page 6, after the word "company," asreadby
the Clerk, there is a departure from the printed
bill; and I desire either that the bill should be
read as printed, or if it is not, that some explan-
ation should be given of the difference.
. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be read as printed ; the interlineations will be
dropped by the Secretary in reading.
Mr. CASSBRLY. I desire 
Mr. HAMLIN. Let me make a suggestion
to the Senator from California. I suggest that
wegoon with the reading of the bill from where
the Secretary is now reading it-through, then
go back and take up the little amendments that
were made by the committee and read them
each, and then the Senator will have them dis-
tinctly before him, each one.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understand that, or at
least I understand the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Maine ; butl perecive after the word,
"company," in line thirty-three, on page 6,
there is a departure from the printed bill. If
the printed bill is to be read 1 want it to be read.
If it is not to be read, then T wish it explained
in some way, according to the rules of the Sen-
ate, what the variations are.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will continue the reading at line thirty-three,
page C, and continue until completed; it is
not subject to debate till it is.completed.
The reading of the amendment was continued
and completed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will now report the amendments proposed, as
the Chair understands, by the Post Office Com-
mittee to the amendment just read.
The Chief Cleuk. The first amendment of
the committee to the amendment is in line nine,
after the word "commissioners," in section
one, to insert "and during the continuance of
said contracts, namely, Jacob Thorn, Samuel
1). Jones, Dwight Webb, Willard B. Farwell,
James 0. .fewett, E. M. Barnum," and to strike
out " Joseph MediU" at the end of line nine.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tf there be no
objection this amendment will be regarded as
the original bill, so that amendments may be
made in the second degree.
The next amendment was in line ten, to strike
out the name of " Horace Greeley," and at the
end of line ten to strike out the words " at
large," and before the name "Addison P.
Jones," in line eleven, to insert "with com-
missioners from States respectively," as fol-
lows: "Horace Greeley and."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line fifteen, to
strike out the name of " W. L. Trenholm" and
insert " George W. Williams."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
name of J. J. Hinds, of Alabama, in line sev-
enteen, and insert the name of Thomas M.
Peters.
Mr. McDONALD. I desire to reinsert the
name of J. J. Hinds and not insert Thomas
M. Peters.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was in line nineteen,
to strike out the name of John S. Carlile and
insert Henry G. Davis.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twenty of
Section one, after the word "successors," to
iiisert the words " chosen by any of the Legis-
latures of said States."
The amendment \Vas agreed to.
' The next amendment was in line thirty-three
of section four, page G, after the word " com-
pany," to insert.the words "and delivered to
said board of commissioners."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 8, line
fifteen of section six, to strike out "and pro-
vided further" and insert "provided."
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendment, as thus amended, Was to
strike out all of the original bill, after the en-
acting clause, and insert in lieu thereof the
following:
That for the purpose of aiding a regular line of
steamships under the national Hag on routes herein-
after named the Postmaster General be, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to enter into con-
tracts with the Mediterranean and Oriental Steam
Navigation Company of New York, a corporation
existing under the laws of said State, with the fol-
lowing-named persons as a board of commissioners
during the continuance of such contract, namely:
Jacob Thorn, Samuel D. Jones, Dwight "Webb, Wil-
lard B. Harwell, James 0. Jewett, E. M. Barnum,
George 13. Loring, Erastus Brooks; with commis-
sioners from States respectively, as follows: Horace
Greeley and Addison P. Jones, of New York; Ben-
jamin Mills, of New Jersey; A. Gt. Moulton, of Mis-
sissippi; J. 0. Noyes, of Louisiana; William 0.
Wickham, of Virginia; E.E. Bnriuss.ofNorth Car-
olina; BenjaminI\ Loan, ofJVlissouri; GeergeW.Wil-
liams, of teoutli Carolina; AL L. Bice, of Arkansas;
Allen A. Burton, of Kentucky; J\ J. Hinds, ol Ala-
bama; Prank S. Davis, of Tennessee; William II.
Gleason, of Florida: 0. A. Lochrane, of Georgia;
Henry (i. Davis, of West Virginia; Nathan Patten,
of Texas, and their successors, chosen by any of the
Legislatures of said States, for the conveyance of
mails of the United States from NewYork, Norfolk,
Port Royal, or Brunswick, to ports of Europe, inelud-
iiiK Cadiz, Maisoilles, Genoa, and Tiieste, and Port
Said in Eyypt, for a term of years, a,nd on conditions
hereinafter provided; and whenever said company
shall navigate its steamships through the Suea canal
the Postmaster General shall contract with said com-
pany for conveyance of mails of the United States to
such ports of the East as may be agreed upon, the
termination of such mail service to be in China.
S;:c. 2. And be it further enacted, That tbe steam-
ships to be employed by said company, iu the con-
veyance of mails as aforesaid, shall be of not less
than three thousand tons measurement caeb, and
shall be constructed on plans approved by the Navy
Department, and to the acceptance of said Depart-
ment, when completed, with a view to adapt, alt said
steamships to any future requirement of that De-
partment, and shall be so constructed in, and navi-
gated under the flag ot, the United States, and offi-
cered by citizens thereof, and shall bo first-class in
all respects, and fitted and equipped in the most
approved manner; and shall bo organized into and
constitute a United States mail steamship line, for
the safe, speedy, and proper conveyance of mails,
merchandise, and passengers; andthetimeof the de-
partures, and the foreign ports where said mails shall
be delivered, and ail other details, shall bo arranged
and agreed upon between said company and the
Postmaster General with power to change and modify
such agreements as to ports and otherwise, from time
to time, as may best promote the objects in vie'v:
Provided, That the speed of such steamships shall
equal the average speed of steamships oi the same
ellujS and tonnage, now or hereafter employed be-
tween theUmted States and Europe. And the (rov-
ernment of the United States shall be entitled to
havetransported, freeof expense, on each and every
steamer, a mail agent to take charge of and arrange
the mail matter, to whom suitable accommodations
for that purpose shall be assigned. And in the time
of war oi public danger the Secretary of the Nav,-i&
hereby authorized and eiupoiveied to fa.ke pos^i-
sion of any and all steamships employed under (he
provisions of this act, and use them in the service of
the United Stales; anil the said company shall bo
allowed and paid a fair componcationJ\ir any steam-
ship so taken, or f he Secretary of the Navy shall h ave
the option to purchase said steamships at ail appiaised
cash value.
SftC. 3. And be -it fui Iher uiaded, That all contracts
for the conveyance ot the mails authorized to be
matte under the provisions of this act shall be for a
period of not less than twenty vears, an.! the com-
mencement of said mail services shall be entered
upon by said company withm one year and six
months from tho date of said contracts, and sbalHio
at first by a weekly departure ot said mails, one de-
parture every third week from Norfolk, and the other
weekly departures from Port Koyal or Bmnvvyick,
and from NewYork, witn provisions in said con-
tracts for the subsequent conveyance of tho mails
semi-weekly from Norfolk, semi-weekly from Poi t
Koyal orB.'unsvviok, and tri-weekly from New York,
in whole or m part, from one or all of said_ ports :
and the consideration and lull payment to said com-
pany for conveyance of mails as aforesaid sha.ll bo
the postal money on all mail matter conveyed ny
