8400
■THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
lions. These retired officers can leave the
Army and accept office. If they propose to
liold civil offices, let them go into civil life.
This is no hardship upon them. They are no
worse oft' than hundreds of thousands of others
who have served in the Army. Every one of
these retired officers is retired upon his full
PtMr. SHERMAN. Oh, no.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is the act of Con-
gress. He gels the same pay as he would get
in active service, so far as his regular pay is
concerned, and he gets a certain number of
rations. He does not get quarters, and he does
not get the same amount that he received in
active service when he had to take charge of
property and when he had expenses incident
to his active service; but he gets all the pay
proper of his rank. A colonel or a general
who is retired gets all the pay proper which a
colonel or a geueral gets in the active service
of his country.
Mr. THURMAN. Does not this bill pro-
vide that his pay shall only be seventy-live per
cent, of the active-service pay ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir.
Mr. WILSON. Oh, yes, it does.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The present law does
not. There may be a provision of that sort in
this bill.
• Mr. WILSON. The fifteenth section of this
bill provides that he shall receive seventy-five
per cent, of his pay, because we propose to
pay hereafter in a round sum.
Mr. CIIAGIN. I should like to ask the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
if a retired officer now gets seventy-five per
cent, of the pay of his rank? ^
Mr. WILSON. No; he does not now. He
gets his pay proper and a certain amount of
rations.
Mr. CRAGIN. But that does not amount
to seventy-five per eent. of what he would get
in active service.
Mr. SHERMAN. The pay proper is about
one half the full pay, and he receives four
rations. A ration is thirty cents, making $1 20
a day in addition.
Mr. CRAGIN. The Senator from Illinois
says he gets the same pay as an officer in active
86rVlC6>
Mr. TRUMBULL. He does, and that is the
law. I will read it:
" If any commissioned officer of the Army or of the
Marine corps shall have become, or shall hereafter
beeoma incapable of performing the duties of an
officer, he shall be placcd on the retired list and
"withdrawn from active, setviee and command, and
from the line of promotion. With the following pay
and emoluments, namely: the pay proper of the
highest rank held by bim at the time of his retire-
ment, whether by staff or regimental commission,
tod four rations p«r day, without any other pay."
That is what he gets. He gets the pay
proper of the highest rank that was held by
him upon the staff or in the line, and four
Nations per day. That is the law. The pay
of a brigadiei^general who is retired is $6,254 ;
Of a colonel, $3,393.
Mr. SHERMAN. That includes the alio#- |
fences.
. Mr. TRUMBULL. ,<No; the commutation of
officers Ob duty is put in afterward. The aver-
age computation of longevity, &c., is added
in another column. Thecom m utation of fuel
and quarters in the'ease of a colonel amounts j
to $1,410. A retired colonel does not get that; j
buthe gets his pay proper, which is $2,736.
• Mr. WILLIAMS. And four rations.
. Mr. TRUMBULL. And four rations besides.
So that it is an entire mistake to suppose that
these officers do not get their fall pay. Now,
■the Senator from Ohio is laboring under a mis-
lake as to the present bill. The fifteenth sec-
tion of the present bill cuts off these, extra
allowances to the officers in active service, and
provides that the retired officers shall have
only Seventy-five per cent, of what the active
officer gets, taking away the commutation for
quarters, &c., which he was formerly allowed.
The bill tinder consideration pays a salary to
all these officers and classifies their pay so that
the country can understand and know what it
is. That is a very desirable provision, in my
judgment, enabling us and enabling the coun-
try to know the pay of an Army officer. As
the law now stands none of us are able to
ascertain or know what it is. When this bill
becomes a law, if it should become a law,
then a retired officer will get but three fourths
of this salary; but that will amount, I take it,
to as much as he now gets. By the bill, as we
have it here, the pay of a colonel is to be
$3,500. Seventy-hve per cent, of that would
be something less, perhaps, than the retired
officer gets now, but it would be about two
thousand seven hundred dollars. A retired
colonel would get that amount even if this bill
shonld pass. But the principle of this thing is
what I think the Senate should observe; that
we should not mix up the civil duties of the
country with the military duties of the country.
I do not wish to prolong the discussion; but
I do not desire to be placed in a false position
by the eulogies that are passed upon the offi-
cers of the Army who have performed great
service to the country and are now retired.
I trust I have as high an appreciation of their
services as have other men; but they are not
the only deserving persons in the country.
There are tens of thousands and hundreds of
thousands of others who are not Ariny officers,
who are not drawing this pay.of $2,000 or
$3,000, and yet who are just as deserving as
they are. If these retired officers want to
enter the civil service of the country I think
they should take their positions among the
civilians of the country.
Mr. SHERMAN. I simply wish to correct
the Senator from Illinois as to the pay proper.
I have it here now. The Senator might have
ascertained it by looking at the Army Register.
The pay proper of a colonel now, on the retired
list, is $110 a month; of a lieutenant colonel
ninety-five dollars a month. The pay proper
of a brigadier general is $124 a month, instead
of $5,000 a year as the Senator said. The pay
of a captain is seventy dollars a month ; the
pay of a first lieutenant isfiftydollarSamonth,
and of a second lieutenant forty-five dollars a
month. And then the officer is entitled in ad-
dition to four rations, which is equal to $1 20
a day. I am speaking now of the pay of a
retired officer. He gets the pay proper of his
tank, which I believe is about one third of the
full pay.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hold in my hand a
table 
Mr. SHERMAN. And I have here the pay-
roll.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The tables do not agrees
and that is what I said, that we cannot find out
the pay of these officers.
Mr. SHERMAN. Here is iSie regular Army
Register, giving the pay proper, commutation
for fuel, quarters, and all the various elements
that form the full pay. The pay proper of a
brigadier general is $124 a month ; of a colonel
$110; and so on down to forty-five dollars for
a second lieutenant. I knew that it Was much
smaller than the Senator supposed.
Mr. WARNER. I wish to ask the Senator
from Illinois a question. It is objected that
this will increase the pay of these men. I ask
if it is not supposed that a civil officer earns
his money; whether the money paid him isnot
for work done?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know that I
understand the Senator.
Mr. WARNER. Objection id made to these
officers holding civil positions because of the
increased pay that will be given to them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have not heard that
objection made.
Mr. WARNER. 'I do not see the pertinence
of arguing as to the pay they receive now as
retired officers, unless it is because their pay
will be increased by holding civil offices.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The objection I made
was to mixing military and Civil offices in the
same person. I have said nothing about, an
officer getting tho pay of both placid, and if
any one else has I have not observed it. At
any rate I have said nothing about it.
Now, a word as to the compensation of the
Army. I know there is a great dispute as to
the compensation of Army officers under this
bill. The chairmen of the Committees or> Mili-
tary Affairs of the two Houses do not agree
about it. The chairman of the Military Com-
mittee in the House says that the bill reduces
the pay very considerably. The chairman of
the Military Committee in the Senate says it
increases it. Tho Senator from Ohio reads ,**
table from the Army Register as to the pay. I
have a table also here before me, and it may
include, and I suppose it does include, some-
thing that is not in the table which he has, or
else they would not disagree. The table I have
carries out the total amount received t>y an
officer. As it is stated here a colonel command-
ing a military or geographical department gets
$2,730. That is his pay proper. Then he
receives as commutation for fnel and quarters
$1,410 28, making a total of $4,146 28.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator is right.
This agrees perfectly with that. This table
gives the officers' pay, made up of the pay
proper, pay for servants, commutation for fuel,
quarters, &c., giving the aggregate correctly.
The pay of a retired officer is the pay proper,
which I have given. The Senator will find
the whole of that in this table.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is only a matter of
dollars and cents as to how much it is. It does
not affect the principle at all. My object in
referring to the pay was to show that these
persons Were provided for to some extent by
the Government of the United States, and
much more largely than pensioners at any rate.
There is nobody receiving such a pension as
tho pay allowed to these retired officers accord-
ing to any computation. ■ The objection which
I made is to the principle involved.
• Mr. CASSERLY. It Seems to me that the
act of Congress just read by the Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Trumbull J makes this whole ques-
tion perfectly clear. That act shows the law
to be that a retired officer does hot Cease to be
an officer of the Army. It shows not only that
he remains upon its lists subject to military
jurisdiction, both of which facts we all under-
stood before, but that he is liable to the orders
of the President as the Commander-in-Chief.
That being the law, the simple question here is
whether Senators will tiow, without artjr reasoh
given, undertake to overthrow the great pub-
lic policy which has prevailed in thiscountry
almost since the foundation of the Govern-
ment. That policy has be.en and still is that
officers'retired from the Army on half pay shall
not hold civil office either under the State or
the Federal Government.
I agree with my friend, the Senator from
Ohio, [Mf. Thurmax,] that Congress has no
power in the least particular1 to trainee! thia
full freedom of election in the Stales '; but I do
not understand the existing rule of law as hav-
ing any such effect. The only effect ■of the law
is to require from every retired officer of the
Army certain duties, certain obligations to the
law which made him an officer, and whrch,
when he was' retired from the Ariny, bestowed
upon him fbr life a competent honorable main-
tenance. One of these duties and obligations
is, that while he is a retired officer drawing his
pay, being still an officer of the Army, he shall
not hold a civil office. Does that limit or in
any way impair the free choice of th« people of
a State in electing to office? Not at all, as it
seems to me. The prohibition- is not at oil
addressed to them. It is personal to him;_ it
places on him, and -him only, the responsibility
of obeying or disobeying the law of Congress,
which is and must be his rule of action. If he
should disobey he does not vacate the State
office and thus deprive the people of the State
oftheirchoice. Theonlyresultisthatbeingan
officer of the Army, still 6nttslistisand subject
