43 44
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
railroads, and the sections designated by even
numbers should be retained, and the Govern-
ment price of $1 25 should be increased- to
$2 50, and in that way the Government would
lose nothing. The effect would be advantage-
ous to the road, without any disadvantage to
the Government, and probably of great advan-
tage both to the road and the Government.
Giving the odd sections to the road would
enable it to sell the lands to settlers rapidly,
and thus possess itself of the funds necessary
•a, to construct the road. The construction of the
(|road would rapidly increase emigration to that
section of country in which it was located,
and it would increase the demand for the alter-
nate even sections of land which the Govern-
ment retained for actual settlers who wished
to purchase for settlement. The construction
of the road would open up the business of the
country, invite settlers, agriculturists, manu-
facturers, and mechanics, and give them a
way to market for their products ; and in that
way would increase the value of the land, and
would increase the capabilities of the people
of that section to meet the demands of the
Government in the form of taxation. That
system of giving to a railroad company each
alternate section of land, to enable it to com-
plete its work of internal improvement, I agree,
was a wise and beneficent one.
1 have always been opposed to the idea of
the railroad company being allowed to retain
the land subsidy according to its own interest
and pleasure. The recent policy which has
been introduced, and which has been so ably
enforced by the two Senators from Iowa, in
my judgment, is much the wiser one ; that
these lands should be brought by the company
into market within a reasonable time after the
completion of the road, and the company should
be constrained to sell them to actual settlers,
instead of holding them as a monopoly until
the settlement and business of the country had
greatly enhanced the value of the land and
enabled the company to enrich itself by the
increased price the land might bring at the
end of ten, fifteen, or twenty years.
Now, sir, this company has received a sub-
sidy of $1,600,000 in the form of bonds, and
it has received a land subsidy to the extent of
five miles on each side of the road ; and if it
had preserved faith with Congress, if it had
carried out the understanding of Congress and
the country at the time these subsidies were
voted, by constructing its line of road to Fort
Riley, it would have reached that point within
the one hundred miles, and it would have had
no pretext for a claim upon Congress for an
additional subsidy, either of money or of land.
Bat iti the pursuit of its own interests and its
own objects it chose to vary its line so as to
render the distance that it would have to con-
struct the road some fifty per cent, greater than
the line upon which it was expected it would
construct it when it received the subsidy. lias
this company any right, by such a variance of
the line of its road, to insist that Congress
stands pledged to vote it a proportionate sub-
sidy of land and money to build the road for
the increased distance, which increased dis-
tance the company itself, of its own will, de-
cided the line of its road should njn? 1 say
not. There is no plighted faith, according to
my understanding of the case, either express
or implied, on the part of the Government to
give another acre of land or another dollar in
the form of bonds to this company to enable it
to construct its road. It received a remarkably
liberal subsidy in the origin of its work, both
in the form of land and money; one that was
certainly a munificent one to enable it to com-
plete a line of one hundred miles of road.
I shall therefore vote, as I have always voted
since I have investigated this subject, against
any acknowledgment of an obligation on the
part of Congress to give any additional sub-
sidy, either of laud or of money, to this road.
1 maintain that it is a delusion, a sophism,not
founded in logic or in justice, to assume that
the Government is under any obligation to issue
a money subsidy to this road, and that the road
makes a compromise with Congress by-receiv-
ing a land subsidy in lieu of the money subsidy
which the Government is bound in good faith
to issue to it. 1 shall therefore vote against
this measure.
Sir, the idea of a railroad company absorb-
ing both the odd and the even sections of the
public lands in the construction of its line of
road is entirely inadmissible. The system of
land grants to railroads was never undertaken
upon any sueh principle as that. If it had been
declared at the time of the origin of this sys-
tem that such was to be its absorbing progress
and consequences, that it was to absorb all the
lands, both the odd and the even sections, it
would have been rejected. The Congress of
the United States and the people of the coun-
try never would have consented to its accept-
ance, except on the principle that they were to
have the alternate sections only, and that the
other sections were to bo left in the hands of
the Government.
Mr. SPENCER. Will the Senator from
Kentucky yield for a motion to go into exec-
utive session ?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir.
Mr. SPENCER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. NYE. I hope not.
Mr. POMEROY. Let us finish this bill while
we are upon it.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope wc shall not'go
into executive session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ax-
thont in the chair.) The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Alabama, that the
Senate procced to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
The motion was not agreed to—ayes six-
teen, noes not counted.
Mr. DAVIS. I have but a few words fur-
ther to say. I have a great aversion to the
enormous absorption and monopoly of the
public lands by railroad companies. A rea-
sonable assistance in the form of lands I think
is wise; but when that assistance has been
rendered by Congress to a railroad it ought
not to be permitted to retain the land beyond
a reasonable time, so as to defeat the settle-
ment of the country.
In addition to that, I am utterly opposed to
one single road receiving an unreasonable and
enormous amount of land subsidy. Take the
case under consideration. I would greatly pre-
fer that the subsidy of twenty sections on each
side of this road should be divided among
companies organized to build three or four
roads rather than that it should be given to
one company. I am in favor of the princi-
ple of diffusion. The idea of a few men making
enormous fortunes by extravagant land subsi-
dies is a policy that ought to be discouraged by
the Congress of the United States and by the
people. I am opposed to enormous fortunes
acquired in any way. I do not think they are
beneficial to our country or to the institutions
of our country ; and therefore 1 am opposed
to enormous fortunes being made out of the
subsidies of lands granted by Congress to rail-
road companies.
Here is a conflict of interests and of claims
between some three roads in Nebraska and
this Central Branch railroad; and the honor-
able Senator from Nebraska [Mr. Thayer]
contends, with truth and force, that the lands
within the limits of that State should be per-
mitted rather to build its own roads than the
roads of Kansas and of foreigners. This Cen-
tral Branch road is owned by individuals out-
side of Nebraska. It is owned mostly by
eastern capitalists. What is it? It is but a
scheme of speculation, of enrichment by men
outside of Nebraska, living mostly in the East,
to get a monopoly of the lands in Kansas and
Nebraska, to secure a larger amount of lands
than should be voted to any railroad company
whatever to assist in its construction, for tji^ir
enrichment, and to leave the people of Ne;
braska, after taking their lands from thenr, tq
build their Own necessary and proper rOads
with their own pecuniary means. " _ *
Will Congress make itself subordinate tQ
any such purpose as that ? Shall the lands oj
one of the new northwestern States that'ar<|
necessary for the construction of the roads
that have been already chartered within her
own hordeirs, and which are in course of con-
struction, and which are essential and proper
for her development, be taken in this manner?
Will Congress permit the lands in one of these
States to be taken from these legitimate and
proper purposes and appropriated to build a
road for the people of Kansas, or for the cap-
italists who reside in the eastern States, against
the solemn and earnest protest of the Gov-
ernor and one of the Senators from Nebraska,
and cortainly in derogation of the improve-
ment and interests of the State of Nebraska ?
If Congress should do so it would be a most
ungracious and unjust exercise of power ; an
exercise of power which the people of Nebraska
would have a just right to protest against and
denounce.
Sir, I have no interest in these roads. I have
no sectional or local feeling in regard to them.
Whatever is just and proper claims my appro-
bation, whether it relates to me locally or not.
I feel the full force of the position assumed by
the honorable Senator from Nebraska, that the
lands of that State ought not to be diverted by
the vote of Congress from the construction of
her own proper roads, in the construction of
which all her people are greatly interested as
well as the Union at large, and appropriated
to the construction of this Central Branch road
for the benefit of Kansas of the eastern cap-
italists. I protest against any such legislation
as that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment reported by the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the yeas and
This is upon the com-
nays upon it.
Mr. POMEROY.
mittee's amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. Well, ws may as well
vote by yeas and nays upon it; forif the amend-
ment of the committee is adopted, as a matter
of course that settles the whole thing.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wilt inquire of the
Senator from Ohio if there is auy particular
objection to the coinmittceis amendment, strik-
ing out one form of language and putting in
another?
Mr. SHERMAN. Undoubtedly. The amend-
ment reported by the committee last evening
involves the whole controversy in this case.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No; the Senator mis-
understands it. The amendment that we are
now voting upon strikes out the proviso in the
original bill and inserts it in different phrase-
ology.
Mr. SHERMAN. The honorable Senator
could not have listened to the debate. This
amendment enlarges wonderfuly the whole
scope of the bill. The amendment now pro-
posed entirely changes the character of the bill
as originally reported from the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator is mistaken.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask for the reading of
the amendment, and then we shall see whether
I am mistaken or not. Let it be read: and I
call the attention of Senators to it.
The Chief Clerk, The amendment is to
strike out the following proviso.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is not necessary to read
that. Read the matter proposed to be inserted.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Provided, That no further subsidy in United States
bonds shall bo allowed to said Cential Branch Union
Pacific. Railroad Company: And provided, That the
Central Branch Union Pacific Railroad Company
shall bo allowed, and is hereby authorised, to issue
ii its ova mortgage bonds to an amount not exceeding
