1512
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
it, ha# always been ruled iu Connecticut, it was
ruleisoby Judg® Daggett—ithaa been ruled so
by aQherauthorities, as I have understood from
most intelligent citizens of that State—that the
constitution ot the State excluded negroes from
the right ofsuffrage. I maintain, accordingto
tlie information I have received, that that
has been the uniform practice iu Connecticut.
L wish I had here the compendium of the census
oflbGO; but I have not. There were iu 1700
only two or three hundred slaves in New Hamp-
shire altogether, men, women, and children.
Now what I want brought forward is this veri-
table proof, admissible in a court of record—
admissible before a tribunal sitting as a his-
torical tribunal—authentic, credible proof that
a negro voted iu anv State iuthe United States
beiore 1TS7. I admit that there arethree kinds
of abolitionists who have averred the fact. One
is your whole-souled sort that swallow the whole
animal, from scalp to tail, and that make any
asseveration of fact without regard to its truth,
l'hey believe tho positi veness of their assertion
will be taken for evidence. The second class
areacouscientiousand respectable sort of aboli-
tionists, who have read the constitutions which
my honorable friend from Missouri has read,
and, without knowing whether or not the fact is
that tho negro ever went up and voted at the
polls, take it for true because the language used
i s " all the free inhabitants," that therefore they
did vote.
Mr. DRAKE. In point of age the honor-
able Senator from Kentucky is better able to
say whether the fact were so or not than any
of us. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS. If you will just take the fact
from my report, as far as 1 know it. I can
assure you how the fact is. [Laughter.] But
this is the idiosyncrasy of nay honorable friend
from Missouri: what makes in his favor he
believes, and what is against him he will not
believe. Butheis notpeculiarin that, for it is
the idiosyncrasy of this Senate. But I go on.
I come to the State of North Carolina. My
respected friend [Mr. Abbott] is rather anovus
homo there, though a most respectable gentle-
man. I am very glad to see him settling down
into the mass of the population of that old and
respectable State, vigilant and faithful to its
interests; and I have no doubt that he will
accommodate himself to his people and his
State, and their honor, their character, and
their interests, and that ho will be accepted
and will be a valuable member of that old North
State. But I will read from the laws of North
Carolina:
"That if any jiecro or negroes shall presume to
| rave I in tho rneht, or bo found in the quarters or
kitchen among other persons' negroes, such negroes
asbte receive correction, not exceeding forty
That is not confined to slaves. We all know,
who have lived in a slave State, how after night
the free negroes will go to the negro quarters;
it used to be more so than now. 1 have passed
in my own State negro cabins, when the sun
was shining warmly and generously, and seen
the negroes basking in the sunshine and not
disposed to work. I do not intend any insult
to the honorable Senator from Massachusetts
or any body else by saying that the negroes were
lazy and indolent and would not work as a gen-
eral rule. If you will give a negro half cloth-
ing and half food he will never work. But we
alt know who lived in a slave State how the
vagrant free negro population would crowd to
the cabins and quarters at night to get some-
thing to eat, and this law of North Carolina
was just made to Bait sach cases—
"not exceeding forty lashes as aforesaid, and such
negroes in whose company they shall be found shall
receive correction, not.exceeding twenty lashes."
I recollect that by the slave code of Massa-
chusetts any negro or mulatto or Indian that
caught out after nine o'clock at night was
subjected to be taken to the public whipping-
post, and there to be whipped upon the naked
sKinjustlorbeingcaughtoutafter nine o'clock!
these gentlemen dare me too much I will
give their history oue of these days, and I will
; go Into it in its length and breadth. [Laughter.]
_ Mr. DllAIvE. AYas there any law like it in
Keutucky? [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS, Certainly; and in Missouri,
too. [Laughter.] I have read from a North
Carolina law. Here is another North Carolina
law of 178S, only a few years after the declara-
tion of peace:
"And for prevention of that abominable mixture
aiul spurious issuo whioh hereafter may increase by
white tucn and women intermarrying with Indians,
negroes, inustees, or mnlattoes.
Be il tnacteti by the authority aforetaid, Thot if any
whitc man or woman, being frco, shall intermarry
with an Indian, negro, mustee, or mulatto man or
wouinn, or any porson of mixed blood"—
I believe your man here is of mixed blood
[laughter]—
" to the third generation"—
He would not come in under that—
"bond or free, bo shall, by judgment of tho couDty
court.forfoit and pay tho sum of fifty pounds proc-
lamation money, to tho use oftho parish."
Will any man expect any person who is not
interested in so believing, to believe that a
State that would pass such laws in relation to
its free negro population as I have just read
regarded them as a part of her free citizens;
and that when she came to the work of making
a common Constitution with all tho States of
the Union she would insist that this population
should be received into every slave State of
tho Union with all the privileges and immuni-
ties of the white people?
Mr. ABBOTT. Will the Senator allow me
to remark that the free colored people voted in
North Carolina from the termination of colo-
nial times down to 1835?
Mr. DAVIS. I have heard that tradition.
Mr. ABBOTT. That is the fact. I had
reason to examine that whole subject in the
constitutional convention.
Mr. DAVIS. And you came to just such
authority ns Judge Gaston's opinion.
Mr. ABBOTT. Yes, sir; I am familiar with
that.
Mr. DAVIS.
tion.
_ Mr. ABBOTT. They were deprived of the
right to vote in 1835.
Mr. DAVIS. I suppose some of them had
the obtrusiveness and had given the offense of
coming forward and claiming the right to vote;
and to settle that question the people of North
Carolina immediately enacted positively that
they had not that right.
Mr. ABBOTT. They did actually vote
always down to 1835, from the termination of
the colonial Government.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no doubt ray honor-
able friend believes so.
_Mr. SAULSBTJRY. Will my honorable
friend allow me a moment?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. SAULSBTJRY. 1 have heard the same
declaration made in reference to my own State,
that free negroes voted in Delaware until the
constitution was amended in 1796. Mr. Presi-
dent, it is not the fact. That idea arose from
the use of the language "freemen of this Com-
monwealth shall be entitled to vote;" but the !
word "fraoman" *%arAi.
of the old musty records to the same ]>urp;>; i,
of those I have read. In an edition ol'the Iaw>,
of Connecticut published in 17110 i< l,an an
to punish defamation," and it punishes who-
But that is nothing but tradi-
freemen" never was, even in law-prac-
tice, interpreted to apply to any persons except
white citizens.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, the terms
"freeman," and "free negro" were very com-
mon in New England in former days, and the
difference between the two phrases was as well
understood there as it was understood in any
part of the world. The freemen of the towns
were not the free negroes. The freemen who
elected and administered the city governments,
and who were elected to them, were not free
negroe3.
I saw this morning an edition of the laws of
Connecticut published in 1796. I made a very
rapid and cursory examination of it. I wish
I had time to explore it in its length and
breadth. I think I could bring up a good many
commits the offense by a fine of thirt > -
four dollars and costs, and damages to the in-
jured party, at the discretion oftho cuutl and
jury, and then proceeds:
" That if any negro, Indian, or mulatto slave shall
utter, publish or speak Bucli words of, or concerning
any other person that would bylaw bo aetion;i i>l,.
if uttered, published, or spoken by any freo pereon
of or concerning any other, such negro, Indian, oi
mulatto being thereof convicted buforo un> one
assistant or jiHico of tbo pence, (who are hereby
euipowored to hoar and determine tho same,) aha II be
punished by whipping on tho naked body, at. the
discretion of tho assictaut or juatico ot tho peace,
not exceeding forty stripes."
That was a law of Connecticut. I was nut
able to establish the date when it was enacted,
but it is embodied iu an edition published in
17'J0. Now, what is that ? Any negro, free or
slave, who presumes to defame a white Yan-
kee, if convicted of it, is subject to be taken
before a justice and whipped. I do not use
the term '"\ankee in any opprobrious sense;
far from it. It is a term that cauuot be degraded ;
it is a term that won its honor and its glory in
the French war, and maintained it proudly and
triumphantly during the war oftho Revolution
and through every subsequent struggle. Bui
this lav/ was that if any negro, free or slave, in
Connecticut presumed to defame any person,
that free negro should be taken before an assist
ant or a justice and should be whipped upon
the bare body for sucb defamation.
Why, sir, suppose some of these negroes,
reeking and bleeding from the infliction of
that punishment, had rushed into Maryland
or Virginia or South Carolina, and had there
claimed to be citizens of the United States,
entitled to ail the privileges and immunities
that other free citizens were entitled to ; what
would have been thought of such a pretension
and such an exhibition ? Was it ever the pur-
pose of the people of the New England States
toseud out such a population as that with
this noble, honorable stamp of citizenship?
Any free citizen of the United States is enti-
tled when he goes into any other State to all
tho immunities and privileges of citizens of
that same State. I he idea that free negroes
thus legislated for even at home, punished
ignomiuiously, degraded, could rush forthwith
such a charter of human rights and human
courtesies is one of the most preposterous posi-
tions ever assumed by human reason. It will
not bear examination at all. Here is another
Connecticut law:
" That any Indian, negro, or mulatto servant or
slave who shall disturb tho peaco as aforosaid, or
shall offer to strike any white person, and be thereof
convicted, such servant or slave shall be punished
by whipping, at the discretion of the court, assistant,
or justice that shall havo cognizanco thoreof, not
exceeding thirty stripes for one offense."
It made no odds what provocation the poor
degraded free negro might receive. Do you
say that he was a free citizen there, made in
the image of God, and carrying on his brow the
impress of American citizenship, when if he
dared, in resenting any wrong, any outrage, or
any oppression of a white man, to raise his
band against him, by the laws of New England
he could be carried before a magistrate and
summarily adjudged to receive thirty stripes
upon the bare body ? Do you claim for him the
rights of citizenship, that he shall go to the
southern States and to the slave States, and
that every proud and noble and cultivated
courtesy which would be accorded to tbe best
population from any State, men or women,
shall be extended as a constitutional right to
these degraded free negroes that had fled from
your confines, from your jurisdiction, from
your administration, and from such ignomin-
ious and cruel punishments? Can any rational
man contend that the word " citizen" was in-
tended to comprehend them? It is not only
an abuse of human language, but of human
reason.
