498
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 16,
Ho. of Reps.
Independence of Cuba—Mr. Hamilton.
41st Coxa....2d Sess.
more direct than to New Orleans, and the cost of
carriage hence on all valuable freight, which is com-
prised in small bulk, is less when the cost of insur-
ance is considered. A comparison with any of the
ruling markets in thiscountry will demonstrate that
prices of this tradecomiaodity have been as lowhere
during (he past season us elsewhere, and generally
lower. Sincelstof September imports have already
been thirty-three per cont. of the whole of last year,
for which ready sale has been found, aud the pros-
peots are that tho imports of tho season will nearly
double those ot the past."
Since January last the customs reports show,
sir, that this year the importation of coffee
alone will reach nearly fifty thousand bags. I
will again quote from the same report:
"The serious attention of the board has been di-
rected toward tho harbor, Uhgreatly needed improve-
ment, and tho opening ol the channel to such a depth
as to enable vessels ot he-ivy draught to come to the
wharves of the city to dischargo mid receivo their
eurgoos. In tho impovonshed condition of our peo-
ple tho burden of taxation for an enterprise of such
magnitude could scarcely bo borne at this time; but
it id believed that, with the step.-* already tuken and
the aid promised to the board by Senators and mem-
bers of Congress, botli from this and other States, an
appropriation sufficient at least to commence tho
worlcwillbogrunttd early this session. The improve-
ment of this harbor is no longer only a question of
local interest, lor we discovora tendeucy and determ-
ination in (he West and Northwest to secure a safe
and reliable ou'let on tho Gulf lor tho products of
those great and live sections, as well as a port for
imported poods, so as to avoid the expensive rail
transportation from eastern port*."
Again:
t "Geographically, Mobile lies on tho nearest air-
line botweenthe largost cities of tho West and the
West Indies, Mexico, and South American ports, and
with a deeper channel and tho eonpletion of rail-
road connections now in process and contempla-
tion, wo huvo opened to view a bright future for our
city."
In the face of these facts, with impediments
to our commerce in our harbor ; with the addi-
tional fact that with the small cotton crop of
last y<jar, and the great loss to Mobile in ex-
ports by reason of a great portion of its legiti-
mate trade having been diverted toother points
by rail because of our shallow bay, yet with
us constantly increasing imports, and with an
export of cotton of nearly three hundred tliou-
?aud bales tho past year, can any one deny the
justice of the aid asked for the improvement
of this harbor? Add to all this the significant
and uunatkable fact that lor tho past two years
lighters have plied between Now Orleans and
tho lower harbor of Mobile, and have there put
cotton into English bottoms for the Liverpool
market, and then show, if any one can, that
this harbor, with a moderate expenditure for
improvement, is not to become the great ship-
ping port of the Gulf.
As to the cost and practicability of this deep-
ening the channel from the city to the lower
harbor to answer all demands of commerce
General J. U. Totten, chief of engineers, says
m Ins report of survey to the Secretary of War
in 18o^;
"T think that under good management this great
woik could bu pcriormed and a depth of water of
sixteen foetal, moan low tide bo obtained, a dopth
that would admit ships drawing seventeen and one
hull loot to pass up to the cjty at high water with
facility."
Again he says:
"I have been informed that the cost of lighterage,
delays, &o.. occasioned by tho shallowness of tho
present channel, does not. fall short of #300,000 per
annum. Tins tax tails for the most part on tho
planters and finners, upon whoso industrial pro-
duets, and the consequent consumption of imported
articles ot coainieice, the present prosperity of Mo-
Milo prineipally depends. 'JLhc impiovement of the
navigation would bo conservative not only of the
interests of Mobile, but direei ly of those of tho State
of /M-ibama and tho western States, and at the same
time contribute to promote the interests of general
eommeree. There will be required to bo excavated
U,.'571,Olo cubic yards of mud, in addition to the
quynmy to be excavated under exist,my appropri-
ations at an additional cost of $300,000."
Nothing further, Mr. Chairman, ueed be said
by me to show tbe justice, importance, and
necessity to the country that the Government
should do this work by means of a liberal ap-
propriation at this time. It now, sir, behooves
Congress, six years after the close of internal
strife, after a reunion of all the States of our
glorious Republic has been consummated, when
all men have turned their attention from strife
and war to tbe art3 of peace, that it should
extend a helping hand to rebuild our waste
places.
Alabama and other southern States have
complied with the requirements of the Govern-
ment, and they now extend their hands to you
for help in building up their lost fortunes.
They ask aid in their material interests, in giv-
ing to their great rivers and harbors as liberal
appropriations as you propose to give to other
sections of the country. Alabama is already
reconstructed on the broad principles of equal,
civil, and political rights. Freedom has taken
the place of slavery. A new civilization has
superseded the old. A new order of things
prevails! Upon the bed-rock of political equal-
ity we are building anew the structure of society.
What asperities engendered by the late contest
may still linger and influence the minds or acts
of any class of our citizens, what hostility to
the General Government may still rankle in
the hearts of any of our people, let this great
Government by its magnanimity soften and
allay by ameliorating their condition by the
material reconstruction of tbe commerce, trade,
and manufactures of the South. When a peo-
ple are prosperous 110 imaginary troubles haunt
them; there is 110 brooding over and nursing
of fancied ills and miseries. Prosperity to the
South, aided by u generous policy of internal
improvement, will the more firmly conncctand
bind us in the family of States.
Imlcpendenco of Cuba.
REMARKS OF HON. C. M. HAMILTON,
Of FLORIDA,
In the House op Representatives,
June 10, 1870,
On tho joint resolution (II. R. No. 329) in relation to
tho contest between tho people of Cuba and tho
Government of Spain.
Mr. HAMILTON. Mr. Speaker, I ask tbe
indulgence of the House but for a moment to
present a series of resolutions, unanimously
adopted at a meeting of the citizens of J ackson-
ville, Florida, held 1st instant, expressive of
their sympathy with the subject which has so
earnestly engaged the attention of the House
for the past two days. Resolutions of this char-
acter have been adopted by meetings held for
that purpose in all the important cities of my
State. 1 call attention to the resolutions.
Tho resolutions are as follows :
" RcH'ilnr.'l, That no fair interpretation of inter-
national law requires tho Government of a free peo-
ple. by any construction of that law, so to dispense its
aid, whether moral or material, as to add strength to
an oppressive and tyrannical Government in crush-
ing out tlio life of a people struggling to bo free.
" llenolved, That eighteen months of a continual
strugjflo in arias, during alt of which tiuio thirty
thousand Cuban soldiors, fighting among theirnative
hills for all that makes life worth tho living, have
set ac naught the uttermost offorts of one hundred
thousand Spaniards 111 arms, constitutes a belliger-
ency that has compelled the reluctant rospect of
tfpam herself, and should entitle them to that of
every free American lepubhc. Chili and Mexico
have spoken their word* of cheer. Why should tho
united States be dumb?
. " Unsolved.^ That the patriots of Cuba, by their for-
titude in sull'ering, and their bravery upon tho field,
command the admiration of tho world, and have
earned the sympathy of every generous mind.
licwhed. That, a', in d.iysgono by, our fathers
gave listening ear to the cries of suffering Greece: as
in later years their quiet but telling announcement
01 tho Monroe doctrine strengthened the hearts and
nerved tho arms of theSouth American republics, so
now, in the days of her sorrow and suffering, let us
have Cuba to know and feet that in her course, sanc-
tilied in sorrow and bap ized ia the blood of her sons,
we recognize the great cause of universal liberty.
Let us tell her in unmistalcablo tones that that
cause is ever dear to the American people; that down
deep in the American heart rests an abiding convic-
tion that the days of foreign domination upon this
western continent arc few and short; that God ordains
and common sense decrees that American citizens of
Governments of their own establishment are the only
legitimate sovereigns of tbe American continent.
" iUzohcd, That a copy of the foregoing resolutions
be forwarded by the secretary of this meeting to our
Senators and Representative in Congress, and that
the same be published in the Florida Union."
Mr. Speaker, were I not to present these
resolutions, unanimously approved by the peo-
ple of my State, of sympathy for the thou-
sands of a neighboring people who are to-day
struggling for the liberty and independence of
their golden island, I should prove recusant to
my trust and recreant to my own sense of obli-
gation to justice and of duty in obedience to the
will of my masters. Nor can I present these res-
olutions without accompanying them with some
words of earnest approbation ; for it seems to
me that nothing can so well become tbe Amer-
ican people and nation, whose borders are in-
trenched round about by freedom, as to extend
not only sympathy and encouragement, but
material aid also, if need be, to a people throt-
tled by tyranny in their valiant effort to throw-
off the yoke of wanton oppression and substi-
tute the gentle cords of free institutions which
had their birth in this country under circum-
stances peculiarly similar to those under which
the Cuban patriots to-day are struggling.
Can we stand idly by and witness without
emotion the drama of our fathers' Revolution
reenacted by a people dwelling under the
shadow of the Republic, who, like they, " have
pledged their lives, their fortunes, and their
sacred honor'' to free their native land from
the heel of wanton despotism, and with the
sword of liberty strike olf the chains of foreign
oppression?
How like our struggle of 177G for liberty is
theirs for independence to-day ; and yet how
widely different in tho relation they sustain to-
ward those with whom they are at war! And
it is upon this broad difference I seem to find
the strongest basis for the argument that the
United States should apply to the patriots of
Cuba the golden rule, " l)o unto others as ye
would that they should do unto you."
We rebelled against a powerful, organized,
established home Government, with a justcause
of separation, and God and right sustained us.
But where is aud what is the character of the
Government against which the Cuban patriots
have rebelled, and for twenty-one long, pain-
ful months have so nobly maintained their no
less just cause of separation? How broad,
indeed, the difference, and how weighty the
scales are in their favor 1 Their legitimate
sovereign, "Isabella the Bad," has tied the
province of Spain and dwells an exile beyond
her realm, and at the home Government all is
instability, confusion, and almost anarchy; and
the petty rivalry for preferment and power be-
tween the unwilling triumvirs, Prim, Serrano,
and Espartero, is hastening the dissolution of
the kingdom; and God speed it! Who is it,
then, that is wielding the bloody and mercenary *
scepter over this liberty-aspiring, courageous
people, in the throes of a colonial revolution?
The rising spirit of freedom is overturning the
monarchy ot Spain, and undertbesameinspira-
tion thegenius of liberty has already laid the con-
stitutional foundation of popular government in
the island of Cuba. It is meet that this coun-
try, the welcoming asylum of the downtrodden
of all lauds, should send wordj of cheer to
the patriotic band of Cubans, natives  f the
'" Queen ot the Antilles, the gem of the sea,1'
lying at the feet of this nation and praying to
be taken to her bosom.
It were well that the United States should
stretch out Iter hand of encouragement, ay,
of support, to the inhabitants of the island
of Cuba, the Gibraltar of the Gulf, which
commands the entire southern coast of the
continent of North America.
