1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4U5
$32,000 per mile on all that portion of its road upon
■which, no United States bonds have been issued: And
provided, That there shall be, and are hereby, re-
served from the grant to said Central Branch union
Pacific Railroad Company all sections or parts of
sections of land designated by odd numbers situate
■within the limits of the State of Nebraska; also any
sections or pai Is of sections of land designated by odd
numbers to which the St. Joseph and Denver Oity
Railroad Company may become entitled on comply-
ing with the provisions of the act of Congress, apper-
taining to said St. Joseph and Denver City Railroad
Company, approved July 23,1866. and lying within
the limits ot twenty miles on each side of the route
of the St. Joseph and Denver City Railroad as n<>w
designated and filed with the Secretary of the Inte-
rior: And provided farther. That where the United
States have sold or disposed of any sections or parts
/3noi rvr  <  I I\tt Ai^/1 v* n m Kflvo An +Kft lm A A f
the same nave neretoioro oeen, or are uereoy, n
served, or the right of preemption or homestead set-
tlement have attached tosuchsectionstan equivalent
amount of lands is hereby granted to said company,
to bo selected by the Secretary of the Interior fvow
the public lands of the United States: Provided, That
no land shall be selectedmore than twenty-fivomiles
from the line of said road.
Sec. 2. And be it further cnaeied, That the said
Central Branch Union Pacific Railroad Company
shall, within six months after this act shall take
effect or go into operation, accept the same by an
instrumentunder its corporate seal, and filothesame
in the Department of the Interior, and thereby de-
clare that it accepts the same in full satisfaction of
all its claims, of whatever nature, arising out of or
by reason of the passage of said act of July 3,1866;
and shall also, within the six months aforesaid, desig-
nate the general route of its road as near as may be,
and file a map of the same in the Department oHho
Interior, whereupon the Secretary ot the Interior
shall cause the lands to be withdrawn iroin sale,
homestead settlement, and preemption.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, ihal this act shall
take effect from and alter its passage.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to ask, for
information, if this amendment should be
adopted how many acres of land will be granted
to this company; and what would be the sub-
aidy to the company, if it was a subsidy accord-
ing to the original grant claimed by the com-
pany ? I should be glad to be inlormed on that
subject.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know that I com-
prehend the Senator's question. As I under-
stand it, no one can tell precisely what is
araated in this bill, because the route is not
yet located. If they locate 011 the nearest prac-
ticable route, it will be within one hundred and
fifty miles, and something more than one hail
of the whole amount of the land is now taken.
That is my information from the Department.
Mr. SHE 11JIAN. But they are to get it all
made up to them by this bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I say something more
than one half'of the land within the twenty-
five miles limit, odd and even sections, is
now taken. That is my information from the
Department. . . _
Mr. SHERMAN. This is a grant of twenty
sections to the mile. I wish now to place the
fact 011 the record, so that there can be no
controversy about it. This is a grant of twenty
sections to the mile. *lt includes all tiie public
lands within a tract of country fifty miles wide
from the initial point of the road to Jie one
hundredth meridian, which I say here now is
not less than two hundred miles, and, 111 my
judgment, is three hundred miles. On a straight
air line from the commencement of this load to
Fort Kearny—and they do not propose to go to
Port Kearny—it will be, the Senator says, one
. hundred and fifty miles. That suoject was con-
sidered in the Pacific Railroad Committee some
time ago, and I think we agreed that it would
be about two hundred miles. 1 he Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] wi l remember it
I think we agreed it was two hundred m.les
to Port Kearny,^nd then the one hnnd.ed
meridian is forty or fitty miles-so my friend
from Iowa says—west ot Loit Ileal
LULU ,~"V" " .11. . •
Mr. POMEROY. That is so.
Mr. SHERMAN. So 1 havegiveu the statu.-,
cor'-ectlv. The entire public lauds for a belt
of country fifty miles wide is given to this toad.
Mr MORTON. How many acres t
Air SHERMAN. It is a grant ot twenty
sections to the mile; that is, tvve ve thousanu
eioht hundred acres. One hundred miles would
be a million and a quarter acres; and two
hundred miles would be two and a half million
acres.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator is aware that
this is not an increase of the original grant. It
is the same grant.
Mr. SHERMAN. But under the original
grant they only got the odd sections, and they
got nothing for the sections that had been taken
by preemptors, by other railroad grants, or by
school lands. But now by this bill, for all that
has been granted for school purposes, for rail-
road purposes, for every purpose known nude?
our land laws, they can make up their deficit,
and they can take every acre, and^they will get
every acre of this whole grant. They have a
region fifly miles wide within which to select
it.° So that if what the Senator says is true,
that one half of this land is already taken, the
other half is granted by this bill. I hope Sen^
ators will reflect a moment before they vote for
such a proposition.
Mr. FOWLER. That would be twenty-five
miles.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Kansas
said awhile ago that two thirds of this land
were taken. Then, if two third? of it are
already taken, the balance of it will be gone
under this bill. If one half of this fifty-mile
strip has already been taken, then we may pos-
sibly have five miles. By this bill a strip of
land fifty miles wide is taken out of the public
lands of the United States.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator knows that
the school lands, the sixteenth and thirty-sixth
sections, are already taken.
Mr. SHERMAN. But, wherever there are any
school lands falling within the original grant,
or falling within this grant, they are entitled
to select other lands to take the place ot them.
Mr. POMEROY. There were 110 school
lands in the original grant., which was a grant
of odd sections. The school lands are always
the even sections.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know that; but now
you take the exact number of acres that were
included in the geographical limits of the ori-
ginal grant, and allow the company to make
up the deficiency in any public lands within a
strip fifty miles wide. That is the effect or it.
Mr. 1IOWAliD. A session ago I under-
stood from the honorable Senator from Ohio,
who was a member of the Pacific Railroad
Committee, that, he was willing to make up to
this company its losses, in consequence of the
act of 1800. by granting to them additional land.
Mr. SHERMAN. I say now to my friend
from Michigan that I am willing to vote for
the original bill as reported from the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad, with the simple
limitation or exception ot the even sections of
land, whioh 1 thought was m it at the time it
was reported ; but it seems it was not in it.
I supposed it was the ordinary grant. I am
willing to give to this company a grant of
alternate sections of land designated by odd
numbers within the limits of their grant, and
to allow them, say, five miles outsideof that,
to make up in the odd-numbere.d sections any
deficiency in their grant. That may not make
it all up, but then it will be the most liberal
land grant that has over been given to any com-
pany whatever within any State. I am willing
to do that. .
Mr. HOWARD. What difference does it
make to the Government whether, in settling
and paying a debt—1 will not call it a debt
exactly—to this company, it grants the com-
pany the odd or eveu sections?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not want to go into
the question whether this is a debt or not.
have already debated that.
Mr HOWARD. 1 say I do not call it a debt.
Mr! SHERMAN. This company has already
got SI,000,000 in bonds, and I do not think we
owe them anything; and I count nothing at all
for what thev claim to be an equitable uebt. i
say we did do injustice to this company in lbob,
when we diverted this line of road
Mr. HOWARD. And naw we propose to
do justice.
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir. But what I
think ought to havo been done they refused,
because they thought they had something more.
They have found oat they had not. They could
have had a land grant in 1866 on tha very
term? on which I would give it to them now.
Mr. POMEROY. Does the Senator think
this is as large as that?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir; larger.
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. Under the original land
grant they could only take the odd-numbered
sections. There was no provision for making
up deficiencies for preemption and homestead
settlements and grants to other lines of rail-
roads., or anything of that kind. But now you
propose to extend the bounds within which
they can make up that deficit to twenty-five
mites on each side of the road.
Mr. HOWARD. Does the honorable Sena-
tor say that in the charter of the Union Pacific
Railroad Company, of which this is a branch,
there was no provision for making up deficien-
cies of that kind?
Mr. SHERMAN. Not 011 the even-num-
bered sections.
Mr. HOWARD. That does not answer my
question exactly; but I do not wish to press
the honorable Senator. Was there not a pro-
vision for making up deficiencies where they
existed ?
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senatordoes press me
a little, because 1 cannot answer him whether
there was in the act of 1861 that provision.
Mr. HOWARD. Certainly there was.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am not so sure of that.
I think that if the honorable Senator will reflect
upon it he will agree that there was not. 1
should like to have him look up the statute
and tell me if there is such a provision in it.
My impression is that this idea of making up
deficiencies by extending the limits of the land
grant was an after thought, and I appeal to
my honorable friend from Iowa now, and ask
him when that was first done.
Mr HARLAN. I think the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio is right. I do not think there
was any margin provided in that act 111 winch
to make up deficiencies.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think myself that was
an afterthought.
Sir. ROSS. Is it in order to amend tlie
amendment now ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. ROSS. 1 move to amend the amend-
ment in line seventy-two, section one, by
inserting after the words " United States '
the words " designated by odd numbersso
as to read:
An equivalent amount of lands is hereby giantcrl
to said company, to bo selected by tho feoci etn<11
the Interior from the public lands of tho United
States designated by odd numbers.
That is the usual form of a land grant.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment offered by the Senator lrom
Kansas to the amendment of the committee.
Mr. liOSS. Mr. President, I regard this sys-
tem of land grants as in the nature of a com-
pact between the railroad corporation and the
Government.. The corporation says to the
Government, "Give us the odd sections in a
designated strip of country, and we will build
a railroad through it which will enhance tje
value of your reserved sections, so that they
will be worth as much as the whole would have
been without the railroad.'' That is a fair bar-
gain. It is a bargain whioh the Government
and the railroad corporations have lived up to
so far, since the institution of this system ; ana
for one I do not feel warranted 10 asking Urn-
cress to depart from it now.
Mr HOWELL. Mr. President, I thougut
when'this subject first came up tM&eroww
a contract here which equitably, 1 «it 1 ;;
bound the Government 111 some sense U) lh...
railroad company. I am satisfied now that
