18T0.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
499
41sx Cong....2d Sess.
Independence of Cuba—Mr, Logan.
Ho. of Reps.
Independence of Cuba.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN A. LOGAN,
01? illinois,
Ix the House of Representatives,
June 15,1870.
The IIouso having under consideration the joint
resolution (h. K. No. 329) in relation to the content
between the people of Cuba and the Government of
Spain-
Mr. LOGAN said:
Mr. Speaker: In the short time allowed me
I cannot discuss this great question as I should
like to or desire, nor as its importance demands.
The limit to which I am confined prevents me
from entering into the full merits of the ques-
tion ; but I hope the House will bear with me
patiently for the time being while I, in my plain
way, say at least a few words in defense of the
cause of liberty in Cuba.
First, let me say that the manner in which the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
has treated the appeals of this people, strug-
gling for that liberty which God intended all
men should have in this country; that the man-
ner in which he has treated them on this floor
is a most unfair and unmanly one on the part
of any man claiming to have patriotic impulses.
[Applause.] The idea of a man standing up
here in the presence of a great deliberative
body, and before the eyes of a great, free, and
enlightened people, exhibiting Cuban bonds,
(which every one knows have no more value
than their curiosity would give them,) and in-
sinuating that they are floating about this coun-
try for the purpose of purchasing men's votes,
that thereby be may terrify the weak-kneed
and drive from their position men who are
afraid they will be abused, is one which, I must
say, is not at all worthy of the dignity and de-
liberation of a body like this.
Now, sir, if I had time I might be induced to
go into this matter further. And I am not only
sorry to bo constrained to say what I have, but
what I will have to say. If I had the personal
record of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Butler ;] if like him I could be on both
sides at once, I might give my country some
cause to suspect that either Cuban bonds or
somettiingelsehad influenced me. [Applause. J
Three weeks ago there was not a stronger
advocate of Cuban belligerency in the House
of Representatives than the gentleman from
Massachusetts, who to-day is on the other side,
and who upon this floor has more than once
insinuated that Cuban bonds have exercised a
great influence on this question.
Cuban bonds, sir, have no significance at all
in the uction we are called upon to take in this
House. Cuban bonds can influence no man
who has a heart within his breast. If there
were anything of the kind employed on one
side or the other, it would be a much better
presumption that gold was used rather than
bonds ; and while any insinuation thrown out
here that any member upon this floor can be
influenced in his vote by any such means is not
only contraiy to good manners and an insult
to the integrity of members, but in violation
of the rules and dignity of this body. Yet if
there be any ground for the intimation that
any such influence has been resorted to, the
conclusion would be much stronger that gold
has been used to bolster up the cause of Spain
and aid her in her oppressions, than thatbonds
have been used to aid the Cubans in their strug-
gle for liberty and independence. [Applause.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
these interruptions are alike offensive to the
gentleman from Illinois and a violation of the
rules ol the House. It is not permitted to ex-
press approbation or disapprobation of any-
thing occurring in the House, and the Chair
trusts that this monition will be sufficient for
the future.
Mr. LOGAN. Now, sir, I mean no personal
offense to the gentleman from Massachusetts in
what I am about to say, but I say this to him now:
I was perfectly astonished when he introduced
his resolution into this House to inquire into
the manner in which the report of the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] the chairman
of the Committee on Banking and Currency,
known as the " gold report," obtained pub-
licity in the newspapers, and when under that
resolution, going outside of its clear intent, he
went into every hole and corner hunting up wit-
nesses and testimony against members of Con-
gress. Without having any order of the House,
this friend of humanity, this friend of pro-
gress, this friend of liberty seemed to be acting
altogether in the interest of monarchy, in the
interest of oppression, and against liberty and
the established principles of the Government
of which he is a prominent Representative.
He undertook to associate members of this
House, in their discussions and in their votes
upon this floor, with thieves and felons, in being
influenced by improper and criminal motives
for the purpose of gain.
Mr. BU L'LER, of Massachusetts. I wish to
interrupt the gentleman.
Mr. LOGAN. I decline to be interrupted.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman is utterly misinformed on the subject.
Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman says 1 am
misinformed. We will see whether I am or
not. Mr. Deweese, who was driven from this
House because of his disgraceful traffic in
cadetships, was said to be one of the agents
of this scheme against the honor of members.
Thank Heaven! the men who stand for liberty
in this Hall are free from the suspicions and
insinuations of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts so fur as that man is concerned ; and more
than that, they were not of those who stood
forth as the champions and advocates of such
men and their corruption. [Applause.]
Now, sir, let us go a little further with this
thing. He says that we have slandered these
men. Sir, he has slandered them. I have
uttered no derogatory word against the men
who are opposed to the recognition of Cuban
belligerency. The slanders have all come
trom the other side; and in order, if possi-
ble, to deter men from doing their duty to an
oppressed people laboring under all the dis-
advantages of young republicanism, ev -iy spe-
cies of calumny that could bear plausibility or
possibility has been invented by their enemies
and their enemies' advocates to crush their
hopes of freedom.
What, sir, is the question before this coun-
try to-day? Is it whether Mr. Fish wrote
this message, or General Grant, or the gentle-
man from Massachusetts? Is that the ques-
tion? Is the question before the country to-
day whether these poor people struggling for
liberty, with only their own resources to depend
upon, issued bonds which they would like to
sell in the market, in order to obtain some
means to prosecute their war for independ-
ence? Is that the issue? Or is it, as the gen-
tleman told us, that the bonds are made pay-
able only in the event of Cuba achieving her
independence? No, sir; there is no such issue.
This was the case with the bonds of the
southern confederacy. Any people struggling
for liberty or independence, and issuing bonds,
can only make them payable under the con-
tingency of-their success; and why, tell me,
should this reasonable measure be held up to
the especial detriment of these biave people?
Have not their junta the same right to issue
bonds as the Continental Congress had to issue
its scrip, or France its assignats?
Divest this question as it now stands of all
the clouds that hover about it; give it the sun-
light ofa clear and honest judgment ; giveita
fair opportunity of being properly understood,
and what is it? It is this naked proposition
alone. Is there a war in Cuba? That is all
there is of this question. It is not are there
bonds? Are there arms? Are there gun-boats?
Nothing of that kind. But is there war? Noth-
ing more than that.
The Secretary of Stato has said there was
war. The Spanish minister has said so. The
President in his message uses the word "war."
If the gentleman from Massachusetts will look
for the definition of this word he will find that
it means a mere contest between opposing
forces or opposing States; the carrying on of
armed hostilities; that a Government makes
war to subdue some of its subjects; that Gov-
ernments make war against Governments for
conquest, expansion of territory, pluiider, and
revenge.
We recognize it as war when there is a con-
test between forces opposing each other, in
which contest life may be destroyed; where
there is an armed organization on both sides ;
that is war. If, then, any of these contingen-
cies are involved in the present contest iu
Cuba, is it not as well war there as though it
were elsewhere? Why, then, shall we not
recognize it? The only thing these struggling
patiiots ask us to recognize is, what? Their
independence? No; but that there is a state
of war existing; that is all. They do not ask
us to intervene or make war for them. Noth-
ing of the sort. But they ask us, in the name
of humanity, to declare in the face of the
nations of the earth that there is a war; that
men are killed on both sides; that guns and
other instruments of death are being used
there ; that there is armed organization ; that
battles are fought and men slain, wounded,
and captured on both sides ; in fact, that there
is war. This is what they ask us to recognize.
And why do they ask this? It is simply that
they may be treated as civilized beings, not as
savages; that in their contest they shall not be
butchered in cold blood; that they shall not be
burned to death; that they shall not be dis-
emboweled ; that they shall not be compelled
to submit to the horrors of barbarous tortures
and destroyed from the face of the earth in
violation of the dictates of civilization and
Christianity; but that you shall declare them
human beings at war with certain othor people,
and entitled to have the same rights of human-
ity accorded to them as you grant to the Gov-
ernment or people that makes war against
them. That is the sum total of this propo-
sition.
Now, sir, let me ask the gentleman, who are
the friends whom he has brought into his drag-
net to support his proposition? And I will ask
them to tell me, is there no war in Cuba? Oh,
no; no war there! No facts to procure the
judgment of any man that there is war.
Let us see for a moment. The Government
of the United States provides for the Spanish
Government, or allows them to have provided
within its confines, thirty gun boats. Forwhat?
To go whaling? To catch codfish around the
shores where the gentleman lives? Are they
for the purpose of exploring unknown regions?
Not so. You send your engineers on board
these vessels, and give them crews to take them
into Cuban waters; they are manued with cit-
izens of the United States, and secure officers
from this country to make war against whom?
Whom do they go to fight? Did they go there
by the light you saw in your dreams, and for
what? They went there to figlit the people of
Cuba, who are struggling for liberty, to reforge
upon them the chains of vassals, and to crush
out the rising spirit of freedom. Your own
Secretary of State recognizes the fact that they
were taken there for that purpose.
But, say gentlemen on the other side of this
question, there is to be no war; they have no
President, they have no Government, they have
no organized armies; hence there can be no
I war. I ask gentlemen to tell me where they
