1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5289
the steamships of said cotnpany during the period
aforesaid, in conformity to the act of Congress of
June 15, i860, which shall belong to and be payable
quarterly to said company; and the steamships of
said company shall, during the existence of said con-
tracts, be exempt trom dues and port charges; and
Congress may reduce at any time the rates of postage,
without creating a right upon the part of said com-
pany to demand further compensation than.the.
postal money on the mails conveyed by its steam-
ships. ♦
8r:c. 4. And be it further enacted, That the Post-
master General shall receive, in the name and on
b'   
>!ina.
ne^ee, Kentucky. Mississippi. Missouri, Louisiana,
ArkariPfss, and lexa®, the authorized bonds and
securities of any of said States, bearing interest pay-
able semi-annually, and the principal thereof pay^
able in not le&s than ten years* deposited with the
Post Office Department by any of said States issued
pursuant to any act or acts of the Legislatures
thereof, made in that behalf, to form a fund for the
sole use and benefit of said company, to aid in pro-
moting emigration from Europe; and any corpor-
ation, created by the Legislature of any of the said
States interested in introducing emigrants from Eu-
rope, may in like manner aid in forming a fund as
aforesaid, by depositing in the name and on behalf
of said company, with the Fcst Office Department,
bonds and securities of each or any of the aforesaid
States, the interest and principal of which shall be
payable as before named; and all such deposits shall
be made in amounts of not less than $100,0;>0 for
each deposit, and when any such State bonds and
securities are presented-for deposit as aforesaid
the Postmaster General shall receive and hold the
same for and in 4 behalf of said company, and
shall receive the interest and principal of all of
such State bonds and securities deposited as afore-
said, andshallappiytliesameto the payment of the
interest and principal of the corporate certificates
of indebtedness of said company, authorized to be
issued in pursuance of its charter, as the same shall
be due and payable; andforiheprotcctionof holdeis
thereof, such certificates shall be registered at the
Post Office Department from time to time on present-
ation thereof by said company, and delivered to said
boaid of commissioners, in amounts equal to that of
the State homlsnnd securities respectively deposited
as aforesaid, and such registration shall be certified
by indorsement thereon, which indorsement shall
stipulate to pay the interest and principal of such
registered certificates of indebtedness to the holders
thereof as the same shall be due and payable; Pro-
vided, That the rate of interest upon the certificates
of indebtedness presented for registration and in-
dorsement by said company shall not exceed the rate
of interest upon the State bonds and securities depos-
ited in its behalf, and the principal thereof shall not
be due and payable until after the principal of said
State bonds and securities is due and payable: And
■provided further, That all such deposit*-; of State bond*
and securities shall be mside within five years from
the passage of this act; and no part of this aeohail
be construed to authorize any liability on the partof
the United States or Post Office Department, except
as a trustee of the State bonds deposited as aioio-
said; and should the said deposits on the liquidation
and conversion of the same not equal the total of the
interest and principal of said registered certificates
of indebtedness, on the final paymentot the same by
the Post Office Department, such deficiency shall be
due from and payable by said company, on demand
thereof by the Po-'tmn^for General; and the said
company, in order to secure the United Stales from
lo.-s by anv such deficit, shall exccute a lirat moit-
gage lien, in the usu tl form, upon each and every of
iN steamship*, as the same aie completed and regis-
tered, to thePustmasicr General, v/i.ien lien suali be
discharged upon the pnyuio.ji in lull bv Hsi.d eom-
panv of any such deficit to the Po«t Otlice Depart-
ment ; and should the interest on any portion of the
State bonds and securities deposited not be pan-
when due and payable according to thotcrmsthereoi (
the Postmaster General shall, irom time to time, [
retain so much of the postal money due said com- i
pany under the provisions of this net as will meet ,
such deficit. .
Skc. 5. And be it farther enacted, Thatsaidcompany '
shall provide comfortable, well-lighted, jmd vveh- j
veniilated apnitments m all it,.-i steamships lor ml |
pa«engers, and proper accommodations for b'>Ui ;
sexo, and also that slid company shall employ, at
its own cost, at least one skiiliul physician and ?ur-
geon and one assistant physician on each steamship.
-\nd the said company and Us officers and employ >s
shall be subject to all the provisions of the ac^s of
Congress in such case made ?ud provided, for the
transportation of emigrant and other passengeis. _
Skc. t). And be it Jartkir emoted, lbafc the s;ud
company shall erect and provide near their dojks in
the ports of Norfolk, Port Royal, or Drun^-wic k, suit-
able emigrant depotsand houses with inclosing walls
for the reception and protection of emigrants from
Europe on landing; and for the purpose oi distin-
guishing at a!l times the officers, apprentices, and
cmpioves of s tid company, they shall wear couspic-
uou-iy the badge or uniform which may be a«lopied
b\ t-aid company, and no person*, other thin too
njfeers oi the United States or officers of the bhite
wherein the steamship of the company may be.shall
visit, or go alongside, or on board of any_ oi said
steamships on arrival in port, during Hie fine any
emig'-ants or their cifects shall remain on board
rhereot. nor shall enter the inclosed depots, hou>es.
<«r buildings of said company: 7h-ovi<UJ, Jh\\x s-aid
company and its officers and employes thall ill all
respects be subject to ttie provisions of the laws of
the State wherein such depots are situated.
Sec. 7. And be it farther enacted, That for the pur-
pose of training and educating seamen and engineers,
ea.pable of being employed in the service of the Uni-
ted States, said company shall maintain upon each
of its mail steamships at least one male minor as
apprentice, for every two hundred registered tons
of said ships, who shall be instructed in seaman-
ship, steam-engineering, and navigation, by said
company, and the name of every sueh apprentice
shall be duly entered in the shipping articles of the
steamship on which he may serve as an apprentice,
and when discharged from the service of said com-
pany, shall receive a diploma, signed by the pres-
ident and secretary thereof, setting forth the age,
time of service, rating in the ships of the company,
and qualifications as a seaman, steam-engineer, and
navigator: Provided, Thar sueh apprentices shall
not bo indentured under the age ot sixteen years,
andshall be sons of citizens ot the United States;
and the company and such apprentices shall, respect-
ively, be subjcct to all the provisions of the acts of
Congress enacted tor the government and treatment
of seamen.
Sec. 8. And be it further cnacted. That upon pro-
posals in writing being made at any time by said
company, to tho Secretary of the Navy, for the pur-
chase, for a speciliedsum, of any steamship, hull, or
vessel belonging to the United States, and which may
be considered unsuitable for naval purposes by the
Navy Department, the Secretary of tho Navy is
hereby authorized and directed to cause such steam-
: slap, hull, or vessel to be appraised, and the com-
|; mercial value thereof determined by a competent
board of ofiicers appointed for that purpose, and in
the event of sueh appraised value not exceeding the
amount of the written proposal made by said com-
pany, the Sceictary of the Navy shall, upon payment
m lawful if'on"y of the United Statesof the amount
so proposed, sell, convey, and transfer such steam-
ship, hull, or vessel to said company; but in the
event of sueh appraised value exceeding tho amount
stated in the proposal of said company, the Secretary
of tho Navy shall cause said steamship, hull, or ves-
sel, after thirty days' advertisement, to be sold for
(he highest bid at public auction: Provided, That
; the amountof such highest bid shall not be less than
the amount stated in the written proposalpreviously
made by said company.
Bec. 9. And be it Jurther ennrted, That the rights
and privileges herein granted shall be and remain to
said company, and any assignment or transferof the
same shall be null and void, it being the intent and
meaning of this act to secure an American line of
steamships lor the transportation of mails and mer-
chandise, and fur the nropor conveyance of immi-
grant passengers to the United States upon the routes
herein indicated; and Congress at anytime here-
after, having a duo regard to the accrued rights of
said company, may alter, amend, or annul any or
all contracts made under this act.
Mr. McDONALD. I am authorized by the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads to
offer an amendment, consisting of some addi-
tional sections.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Si:c. —. And be it farther enactcd. That as consider-
ation for tho construction of said steamships, upon
general plans approved by the Navy Department,
from materials exclusively the production of tho
United States, there shall bo granted and allowed to
said company for each and every ton, carpenter's
measurement thereof, eighty acres ot land from the
public lands of the United Slates, warrants for which,
to be located by actual settlers, shall no issued and
delivered to said company by the Secretary of the
interior on proof being presented of the completion
and fitting out by said company of any steamships enn-
s!rue!ed as atoicsaid within the period of five years
from the passage oftiiis act: and as a further consid-
eration toi the maintenance and education of file
apprentice? hereinafter reeuired on said steamships,
the said company snail be entitled to receivo, on
pioper prool'being presented., and tile Secretaiy el
the Interior shall i.--no to said company the warrants
tiiereior, six hundred and fortv acres of bind from
the nuldic lands of tho United States, to be located
111 the befoi e-named States, and not elsewhere, for
each and every apprentice so educated and main-
tained annually, as hereinafter provided, during the
period ot lour years ; and lands may be located under
sueh warrants in like manner and with like effect as
taose heretofore issued for college and educational
purposes: and said company shall enter upon the
construction of the steain.-bit.s before named imme-
diately on tho execution of any contract for the con-
veyance of the mails authorized under this act; and
a. naval eon-tructor and a steam engineer shall be
detailed by tile Secretary of the Navy ns inspectors
during the construction of the hulls and machinery,
respectively; and upon the completion ot each steam-
ship a competent board, duly appointed for the pur-
pose bv the Secretary ot the Navy, consisting of one
hue officer, one engineer, and one naval constructor,
shall be ordered to examine and report upon the
ch.nj.cter of tho shirs: Provided, That land? granted
under the provisions of this act may bo located by
San, coinpanv within the southern States named in
section four ot this act.the wan ants for winch shall
be delivered said company by the Secretary ol the
Interior, m quantity sufiicient. at graduated prices
toat were named in an act ol (Jointress ot Augusts,
185-1, by which said lands were subjcct to entry and
sale, to equal the price established by the preemp-
tion laws of the United States.
Sec. —. And be it farther enacted. That for each
$100,000 of bonds issued by any State, deposited, in
pursuance of section four of this act, with the Post-
master General, the Secretary of the Interior, upon
notice of such deposit, shall issue to such State depos-
itors land warrants or certificates of transfer for one
hundred thousand acres of tho public lands of tho
United- States, to be located in any of said States,
and not els'ewhere.
Mr. HOWARD. I should like to hear some
explanation "of that amendment.
Mr. STEWART. • No explanation of that
proposition can get for it my vote. It cannot
be explained ; it cannot be qualified so as to
get my vote. There is a great deal said about
land-grabbing, and now I want to call the
attention of the Senate to how lands have been
grabbed. Military land warrants were first
issued to be located by the soldier, and nobody
else. The next act was that he might locate
them by an agent; then he might assign them;
then they were located on lands subject to
private entry, and received for preemption,
Until seventy million acres have been sold to
speculators at from ten to thirty cents an acre,
and bought by the settler at from five to twenty
dollars an acre. Then, there was your college
scrip, of which ten million acres have been
located already in advance of settlement. Then
there is swamp and overflowed land scrip,
given to the States to reclaim swamps, and
the States gave them to speculators. Before
you are through they will reach sixtyor seventy
millions. Over forty millions have been already
pateuted. Then there is the Sioux half-breed
scrip, first issued to be located by the Sioux
Indians in person, and by nobody else. They
then fixed it so that it could be done by an
attorney; and it was then allowed to be entered
on any kind of lands, surveyed or unsurveyed.
I do not know how many million acres have
been taken under that; but taking the whole
brood of scrip and of swamp and overflowed
lands, and they amount to about one hundred
and fifty million acres, which have been thrown
in advance of settlement, and for which the
United States, the soldiers, and colleges, all
together, have not got more than $40,000,000
in value; and yet it has cost the settlers over a
thousand millions; yes, nearly fifteen hundred
million dollars, at the best estimate that can be
had. That is what has been your land grab-
bing.
There is where the settlers have suffered.
The railroad grants which you complain of
have been at war with this system, and much
of the howl against the railroad grants has
arisen from this organization of land-grabbers.
Here is a little thing on this amendment, a
harmless affair apparently, but scrip is to be
put on your public lands, and your settlers
have to pay, no matter where it goes. I have
no objection to the proceeds of the public lands,
as theyare administered under our laws, being
voted to steamship lines. I care no more tor
: that than for any other money of the United
States. Indeed, it is precisely the same ; it
is so much money in the Treasury. But when
you give scrip to be located in advance of set-
tlement, and then charge five, sis, and seven
hundred, and sometimes one, two, or three
thousand per cent, on the settler, I am op-
posed to it. It is a tax on the settler. This
I incubus of scrip has kept back settlements;
! and but far the railroads to-day there would
; not be an acre of land upon which a settler
could place his foot.
When the railroad bills were passed the even
sections were reserved for settlement and not
left open to private entry. Now I notice there
are several schemes on foot to get the even
; sections, and while I am up 1 may as well
S speak of that matter. I have seen several
| bills, and I want to warn the Senate against
I them, to appropriate the even sections; bills
| to let the soldiers go on to them on some
easier terms, to let men preempt them on
t easier terms—-
j Mr. NYJB. My colleague is always right
! himsuif, in estiinaiiou j but. I suggest that
I he allow this proposition to bo explained.
