500
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 15,
Ho. of Reps.
Independence of Gtcba—Mr. Logan.
41st Cons....2d Sess.
get that information from. One gentleman
says he gets it from the New York junta.
I teli that gentleman to-day that I have in
my hand a copy of their constitution, and it is,
as General Banks says, as good a constitution
in some respects as that under which we live.
The twenty-fourth article of that constitution
is in these words:
"AI1 the inhabitants of the republic of Cuba are
absolutely free."
It is a constitution at war with slavery and
despotism and in favor of freedom. You talk
to me about my sympathies. I tell you I am
in favor of this struggling people, in favor of
liberty and opposed to monarchy and slavery
everywhere. And all of us should be the
same, if we were as we were a few months ago.
A vote to-day for the independence or for tlie
recognition of the fact that there is war in
Cuba is a vote for freedom against slavery ; a
vote in favor of republican principles and
republican institutions and against monarchy
and oppression. That is one of the questions
which is to-day before us and the American
people.
It is not a question as to who wrote the mes-
sage, or who issued the Cuban bonds, or what
we have done, or what anybody has done.
That is not the issue; but there is a higher and
a greater issue, and that issue is the liberty
of man, freedom of speech, freedom of the
press, universal liberty of white and red and
black. The rights of all men to meet together
and organize themselves into a free govern-
ment, to be free as you and I are free. That
is one of the issues which is before this House.
[Applause.]
Jiut it is said they hold no sea-port, and if
you undertake to go to seo them, to make
them a visit, you must go through the Span-
ish lines. How strange that is. Does the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
remember that a few years ago, when he and i
were on the same side of a similar question,
President Juarez of Mexico was up in the
mountains of Chihuahua, withonly twenty pack
mules, carrying the Government of Mexico in
his hat, while Maximilian held the country
with moro than forty thousand men?
What was I in l'avor of doing then? What
was the grand Army of the Union in favor
of doing? What were we all in favor of then ?
I was appointed minister to Mexico, and I
refused to accept the position for reasons which
it is not necessary to mention now. There
was no republican Government in Mexico.
It had no army there; nothing except what
.Juarez carried in his pocket. The Govern-
ment there was the Government of Maxi-
milian, and that was a monarchy.
Did the American people fail to discrim-
inate then? Was there an American soldier
[turning fiercely upon Butler] who was then
willing to recognize Maximilian, or indulged
in sneers at the bonds of the Mexican repub-
lic? [Applause.]
And how was it whpn Texas rebelled against
Mexico, although Mexico then had a Govern-
ment republican in form? Every man who
did not, favor the independence of Texas,
who did not take the ground that she ought
to be free, went down doomed in the gloom
of political night, and has never been heard
of again.
You say again that the Cubans have no sea-
ports and collect no revenues. Let me apply
i o your argument your own logic. How many
«en-ports had the southern confederacy in 1863
and 18G4? Where did they have one not
guarded by us ? We blockaded them every-
where along the immense line of coast. They
had no ports anywhere that they could control
so as to collect revenues from imports. Still
they were recognized as a Power by every
nation on earth, J,believe, except our own,
and although we conquered and crushed them
we nevertheless recognized them as having the
rights of belligerents.
As I have said, the question, then, is this: if
there is war in Cuba, between the people there
termed insurgents and the monarchy of Spain,
it is our duty to side with the one or the other,
and the question is now for us to decide which.
But Spain is a Government, says the gentle-
man. We must recognize it, furnish it with
gun-boats, with powder and munitions of war
to be used against the Cubans. Yes, Spain is a
Government, so-called, and the woman who
was at its head a short time ago has been driven
from her throne, and is now a wanderer upon
the face of the earth, not permitted to return
to her home. Yet to-day that Government is
amonarchy controlled by a "ring" comprised
of Prim and others. And while it stands forth
patent before the world that this so-called Gov-
ernment of Prim & Co. is nothing more nor
less than a struggling anarchy within itself,
scarcely knowing from one day to another who
is at its head or who is its ruler, you recognize
it with all its oppressions ; you must aid that
old, broken-down, effete ghost of a Govern-
ment to oppress and conquer these brave peo-
ple, who are pouring out their blood and treas-
ure in behalf of liberty and independence.
But, sir, I think I can show the reason why
there is so much opposition to recognizing the
belligerency of Cuba. It is not because we are
afraid of a war. Has Spain made war with the
other Powers that have recognized Cuba? Did
we make war with Spain when she recognized
the southern people who were fighting against
this Government? No, sir ; what is proposed
is simply to recognize the Cubans as having the
rights of civilized warfare. That is all there is
in the proposition. Now, let us see the reasons
of this opposition.
Certain gentlemen want Cuba. They are
reaching out for it now. They almost have their
grasp on it, or at least a portion of it. I can
now in my imagination see that fair island of
the Antilles as it glides away frera under the
possession of the monarchical rule of Spain
and from the control of the people who are
contending there, and slide into the hands of—
somebody—-I cannot say whom—over in New
York. It is a nice little job; and out of the
transaction large stuns of money will be made,
and increase ot individual power and influence
be gained. Does not the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Butler] know that if we recog-
nize Cuban belligerency those men in that
island will have an independent Government
of their own? They do not want to annex
themselves to us; they want to be free and
independent, as they ought to be. But, if you
recognize Cuba what is the result? Why the
result is, or will be, that its patriotic inhabit-
ants will escape the personal and predial tithes
or tribute of the ring which has this fruitful
island in their minds' eye. A certain gentle-
man has gone from New York to Madrid in the
interest of a few individuals, and is there to-
day perhaps, making a bargain with Prim for
the purchase of Cuba if they can hold it under
the protection of the Spanish Government. If
it can be purchased, what then? It is to be
turned over, against the consent of the Cubans,
to the United States Government for the trifle
of $100,000,000; this to be collected out of
the revenues of that island.
This is the secret, this the "milk in the
cocoanut," this the "meat in the egg." Now,
let the gentleman say, if he can, that this is
not the fact, that somebody is now at Madrid
trying to make this arrangement. I happen to
know something of the secret workings of these
plans. There is no value to these Cuban bonds
which are afloat in such profusion, as the gen-
tleman says ; but if they get the island of Cuba
in their hands there will be no necessity for
bonds. Then the island itself is as rich a treas-
ure as the mines of Golconda. Cuba, with its
broad acres, its beautiful vales, its rich soil, its
countless resources, is expected to pass into the
hands of a few men, to whom it will be a mine
of wealth.
Let me appeal to this House not to allow this
scheme to be carried out. While this brave
band of patriots are wrestling for the dearest
rights known to man, the right of self-govern-
ment, should we hesitate to make the simple
and single declaration which will save them
from being robbed and murdered day after
day ? Can we, with all our boasted principles
of liberty, justice, and equality to all men,
stand tamely by and witness these people,
within sight of our own shores, following the
example which we have furnished, hanged,
drawn and quartered, with most atrocious bru-
tality, without the protection of any flag on
God's earth, and not raise our voice against
the inhumanity so much as to declare that there
is a contest—a. war? This poor boon is all
they ask, and in my judgment it can bo denied
to them by none but heartless men. [Applause. ]
la what I am saying I have no contest with
the President. I am his friend, as I ever have
been. I have no contest with Mr. Fish or with
anybody else. I have no warfare with those
who differ from me; they have their opinions,
and I am entitled to mine. I look upon Gen-
eral Grant as a good man, but I think that on
this question he is deceived. I think if he had
not been fishing up in Pennsylvania when this
message was written, he would not have signed
it so readily as he did. I do not think it was
necessary to go to Pennsylvania for more fish.
We have all we need here. [Laughter.] I
think it is a message not well considered, and
1 do not believe lie examined it well before
signing it. It does not state the case correctly;
and I am sorry to see him put upon the record
as misstating the law.
I entertain the highest respect for the Pres-
ident and his Administration, and I do not
purpose that any man shall put me in a false
position. I do not intend to allow myself to
be placed in antagonism with the Administra-
tion, nor do Lintend to allow any man or set
of men to howl upon my heels, that I do not
support the Administration and am therefore
to be denounced. No, sir. I am supporting
the Administration; I am maintaining the
former views of the President, and I think his
former views on this question are better than
his later ones. Once we held like opinions on
this question of Cuban belligerency, and I see
no reason on my part to change those opin-
ions. If he has changed his I find no fault
with him. But I prefer to stand by his former
judgment, formed when he was cool, when he
deliberated for himself, when he had not men
around him to bother and annoy him with
their peculiar and interested notions; when he
thought lor himself and wrote for himself. I
believed then as he believed. I believe now
as I believed then, and I do not propose to
change. [Applause.]
Now, Mr. Speaker, I think the Republicans
on this side of the House owe it to themselves
to take the side of the oppressed. I wish to
say to the Republican party as the friend of
this Administration, that the most friendly
act toward this present Administration is to let
this message go before the country, so far as
the opinion of the President is concerned.
Do not let us make any war upon it. Let, it
appear to the country that wo differ from the
President in this matter honestly. Let us as
Kepublicans, notwithstanding the message,
declare that we will accord to these people all
the rights of civilized warfare. Let us do this,
and I have no doubt the country will say,
" Well done, good and faithful servants." If
your action be taken in the interest of free-
dom, if you shall help the oppressed and act
on the side of liberty and humanity, if in a
contest between despotism and a people Strug-
