1514
im CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
party into power that dare attempt to root out
these measures of progress, mercy, and reform
that the Republican party have established.
No, sir; tliey find their lodgment in every
human heart; they wake an echo in every j
pulsation. Sir, it is the voice of a mighty
people determined upon a policy that shall ,
secure freedom to the highest ana the lowest
of God's created creatures in the shape of man.
Theserevolntions never go backward. I there-
fore give my kind friend the assurance that no
party will ever shake these measures from this
country as the lion shakes the dew from his |
mane. No, sir; there is no lion about it. 1
These measures of reform have been born of
the very best impulses and instincts of the'
human heart. They are anchored as great
truths that will ride out the storm of every party
commotion. I shall fall asleep with my fathers
in the full belief, yea, in the full knowledge,
that these measures will be as eternal and as
lasting as republican institutions themselves. |:
And I believe that the reform started here j
is not bounded by this continent at all. Other :
peoples seeing our good example, and seeing
slaves converted into citizens, will take cour-
age and persevere in the struggle for the right,
until the people of every nation of the earth
shall sit down under their own vine and fig-
tree, under their own Government, formed by
themselves, distilling all around the benign
influences of republican freedom. Such they
will gather from the example of this country;
such is the duty imposed upon us at the pres-
ent hour.
I repudiate the idea that we shall refer this -
question to the Committee on the Judiciary to
determine whether a man who comes here
commissioned from a great State shall be j
excluded because of his color 1 Under the 1
circumstances, it is due to the dignity of this j
body, it is due to the principles they have es-
tablished, that they should take him in quickly.
The objection is to his color. I had hoped i
that that prejudice was over. Color never r
made a man; color never unmade a man, and h
whatever his color may be— ]
"A man's a man for a' that." ! i
Color! Does my distinguished friend base 1
his objection still upon that? He reminds me :
of a client I had many years ago, by the name j
of Stark. He had a case on the calendar for
eleven years, and I wrote him that the case
was noticed again for trial. "What," said
he, "do they still persist." [Laughter.] I
have wondered at my honorable friend's per-
sistence ; but now will he still persist in hang-
ing an objection upon that shadow of color
against the united voice of a great people, and
make it a ground of opposition to receiving a
Senator upon this floor, that his color differs
from his own? Sir, I remember to have read !
when I was a boy a sentiment that always
struck me with great beauty and force, in the
poems of one of the sweetest poets of England:
" Slaves cannot breathe in England: if tbeir lungs
Receive our air, that moment they are free;
They touch our country, and their shackles fall."
And then follows a sentence which always
attracted my attention:
"That's noble, and bespeaks a nation proud
And jealous of the blessing."
Sir, that was youthful inspiration, and I
never expected to see it realized in its fullness j
upon this soil; but by the quick workings of i
Omnipotence, by the fixed judgment of a just
God, by the grace of a well-disposed people, it
has come. I rejoiced with unspeakable joy when
the words "master" and "slave" were to be
heard here no more forever, and I rejoiced
with a still greater joy when I heard it, as the
voice of this nation, that every slave that had
been was a citizen before the law and by the
Constitution of the United States. Resurrect
your Taney; resurrect yonr Wayne; resurrect
your whole court, and in this blaze of light and
constitutional reform they would never dare
utter the sentiments they uttered under the old '
regime. No, gir; the days for judicial bulwarks
have passed; the majesty of the people is seen
going along in its strength until one of the
despised race and color stands now at your
bar, not only clothed in the habiliments of a
citizen, but clothed with official power as a
Senator on this floor.
Sir, it seems to me that this is the crowning
glory of a long series of measures. It seems
to me this is the day long looked for, when we
put into practical effect the theory that has
existed as old as man. We say that men are
brothers ; whatever their color, all are subject
to the same law, and all are eligible to fill any
place within the gift of the people.
Is the honorable Senator from Kentucky
afraid to enter in the race for future glory with
these colored men? I take it not. If he is not
afraid that they will eclipse him why stick to
this margin that is so narrow and confined ?
Why does he not surrender, as Lee did and as
Davis did? Lee said his men were hungry, and
the first thing he asked for were rations. I ask
the honorable Senator to cease feeding upon
these husks of the dark night of slavery and
come up to his Republican father's house where
thereis bread enough and to spare. [Laughter.]
Why feed on these husks of color? Why hitch
on to the stubbing-post of the past, and dwell
where Taney dwelt? I hope my honorable
friend will not die dwelling there, as Taney did.
Sir, his decision is dead as Lazarus; itis beyond
the power of human skill"to revive it. There
is no resurrection for Taney's decision. It is
dead.
Mr. President, I hope that these credentials
will be acted upon now. It seems to me due
to this body to do it. I believe the only objec-
tion is that they are certified to by a provis-
ional governor. There the honorable Senator
from New Jersey hangs his technical point.
Sir, he is the best Governor they had there,
the only one, and one point I have wondered
at. I have never heard in any of the defenses
upon any of these questions a word said about
the irregularity of these people going out; but
they must be exceedingly tegular when they
come in! Neither my honorable friend from
Kentucky nor my honorable friend from New
Jersey speaks about the erratic and irregular
manner in which these States left; but a pro-
visional governor is a thing to be dreaded, and
above all when my honorable friend from New
Jersey holds up the Army Register and sees
that he is a military man ! Sir, lam not afraid
of a military man, and my honorable friend from
New Jersey should not be, for he was born
under the sound of arms. But I repeat, the
answer to that is that he was the only Gov-
ernor they had and the best one, and when you
get a certificate from the highest source I take
it it is to be regarded as good. Whose blame
is it that they had not a Governor of their own
choice? It is their own. The answer is, they
have made it the duty of this nation impera-
tively to make such a Governor as it did, and
it would be an insult to our own laws, and an
insult to the intelligence of the community if
the certificate of that Governor, whom we
made ourselves by law, is not to be regarded
as authority here to us.
I have said, sir, more than I intended to say
on this subject when I rose; but it seems to me
that these credentials should not be referred.
Let us act as we act on other credentials. My
honorable friend from Kentucky says that we
made objection to Mr. Patterson, of Tennes-
see. Upon what did that objection rest? It
was that he had held an office in the rebel
government, had been elected as a judge. We
tried here to change the form of oath—my hon-
orable friend from Illinois framed it as chair-
man of the Judiciary Cotnmittee—to allow a
quasi rebel to take his seat; and that the hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky throws back at
us as showing partiality between members of
different parties. The next case he spoke of
was that of Mr. Thomas, of Maryland. He
was challenged upon the ground that he had
aided and given comfort to the rebellion. That ]
was the point. And the same charge was made
against Mr. Stark, of Oregon, and the Senate,
of which the honorable Senator was a mem-
ber, held that the objections were well taken.
Now, what does the honorable Senator mean
by giving us those cases as a guide for our
action upon this? Here is a man as to whom
the honorable Senator cannot say, for I know
how just he is, that his hands were ever stainnd
with the rebellion. On the contrary, in his
lowly position he has been the advocate of the
flag of his country while those men were will-
ing to see it torn down. His loyalty the hon-
orable Senator does not question. Then he
is a man who stands here unstained by disloj7-
alty, who is the first resurrection and the life of
Mississippi that was dead, though she lives
now ; yet the honorable Senator would have it
referred to the Judiciary Committee to see
whether Mississippi should ever live again.
Sir, she does live, and her representative stands
here at the door ready to be sworn in. Now,
Mr. President, with no charge of that kind,
with no question of regularity that is worth
notice for a moment, upon his credentials we
must have this battle refought. The honorable
Senator says he has had but partial time to
prepare for it now. My God, what will it be
when he has had full time for preparation !
[Laughter.] It is the same old story of preju-
dice against the colored man which, I thank
God, this nation has surmounted and overcome.
My only regret is that the honorable Senator
from Kentucky does not keep pace with the
music of the hour.
Mr. DAVIS. To the honorable Senator
who has just taken his seat I have a word to
say. He has twitted me with my prejudice
against color. Well, now, Air. President, I
would put it to the Senator's candor, if I were
disposed to do so, but I am not, whether if he
knew that every enfranchised negro would vote
against him and his party he would be so
anxious in support of their rights as he is. I
will not ask him to answer such a question ;
but in relation to my prejudice, I will say that
the honorable Senator and every Radical Sen
ator in this body is as much prejudiced against
that color as I am, if I have any prejudice at
all. Now, I have not seen that the honorable
Senator has ever waited upon some colored
Dinah to a ball. I have not seen that he has
; ever extended any of his gallantries to them. I
1 have not known a solitary Senator who is so
clamorous in favor of the rights of the negro
and the equality of the races, that has made
sedulous court to anyone fair black swan,
and offered to take her singing to the altar of
Hymen. [Laughter.] When the honorable
Senator or any of his associates here shall
practice something of that kind, I will then
concede that he has a right to twit me upon
the ground of prejudice against color, because
I shall never do or think of doing any such
thing.
Mr. SAULSBURY obtained the floor.
Mr. THAYER. It is past the hour for
adjournment, and several Senators desire to
address the Senate on this question. 'With
the consent of the Senator from Delaware I
move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 23, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Buti,er.
The Clerk began to read the Journal of yes-
terday.
Mr. DAWES moved to dispense with the
further reading of the Journal.
The motion was agreed to.
order of business.-
Mr. DAWES. I move that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on the special order.
Mr. NIBLACK. Is that motion debatable?
