4346
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
ia n<Jt a contract which can be legally enforced;
and I am satisfied further that there is no equity
in enforcing by the Government of the United
States upon the people of Nebraska and the
West an immense monopoly of lands in the.
hands of a railroad company for the sake of
making that company good for its neglect,
whatever its neglect may have been, in pros-
ecuting its contract or its claim at the time
that contract or that claim was made, or im-
mediately thereafter.
Mr. HOWARD. Suppose the contract of
which the Senator speaks was violated by the
Government of the United States itself, what
then ought to be the rule of proceeding ?
_ Mr. HOWELL. If the United States be
liable, lot it meet out of its own moans, with-
out oppressing the people of the West by this
land monopoly, the proper and rightful com-
pensation to that company for its violation of
contract. We have heard and know pretty
well what is the condition of affairs out West.
In order to get land to supply the demand of
this railroad company, which has lost its claim
legally, which has lost its claim equitably, you
propose to go in among the settlers there and
take, not the odd sections, which have hereto-
fore been given to railroads, but the even sec-
tions, donating the odd sections to other rail-
roads, thus taking all the land there. What,
then, is the character of this monopoly in that
community? These railroads will want to
make as much out of the land as they can.
It is said that from one third to one half of
that land is already taken up by settlers, already
purchased from the Government. Now, you
take the one half or two thirds that remain,
and you put that in the hands of railroad com-
panies, to hold there in the midst of these west-
ern settlements at their own pleasure, from
one year to one hundred years, and to demand
therefor whatsoever price they choose to claim.
Will the people of the West, will the people
of this country hold that you are doing justice
to them in thus taking their lands, thus depriv-
ing settlers of a chance to locate upon those
lands, and allowing both the odd and even
sections to be monopolized by railroad com-
panies, who have the means and will have the
concentrated capital, through their combina-
tions, to hold those lands for the rapid rise
which will accrue in consequence of the build-
ing of these roads and of the settlement that is
already there, and the prospective value of the
lands in consequence thereof?
I hold that there is no contract in this case
that can be enforced legally or equitably. I
say this ought not to be done ; at any rate not
in the form proposed. The people ought not
to be oppressed and swindled out of these pub-
lic lands, and they should not be placed in this
kind of monopoly in order to fulfill any con-
tract ; not to fulfill a contract absolutely, re-
member, in its exact stipulations, but to make
good in other ways, by compromise, the con-
tract which it is said was originally made by
the Government with this railroad company.
It is an outrage upon the interests of the peo-
ple of the West, upon the interests of the set-
tlers upon these lands and those who desire to
settle upon them, thus to wrench these lands
from them and put them into the hands of a
railroad company to be held perpetually if
they choose, or to be held, at all events, until
they shall have risen so immensely in value
that they will be of no advantage to the ordin-
ary poor settlers of the country who locate
lands of the Government at $1 25 an acre, or
$2 50, where railroad companies have taken
up half the lands before.
Therefore I hold that it is not right or
proper, it is not a just and equitable adminis-
tration of the affairs of the Government and of
the public lands which are in our custody for
us to vote them away in this manner, whatever
may be the equitable claims of this company
upon the Government of the United States.
Mr. SHERMAN. In order to show pre-
cisely what I think is just in this matter, I will
move an amendment to the part of the original
bill proposed to be stricken out, which is first
in order. The amendment which I propose
will give this company, I think, as liberal a
land grant as has ever been made in any State.
In line thirty, after the word " from," I move
to insert the words " the odd-numbered sec-
tions of;" so that it will read:
The Secretary of the Interior shall cause to be
selected from the odd-numbered sections of the public
lands of the United States.
That will give them the right from odd-num-
bered sections of the public land within twenty-
five miles of the road to make up any deficiency
caused by grants to other railroads or by pre-
emption and homestead settlement. I do think
that this company ought to accept that and go
on and build this road.
Mr. THAYER. I certainly hope that amend-
ment will not be adopted. It will present this
bill in a more objectionable form to Nebraska
than it was before. Now I say to the Senate
if the bill is bound to pass I prefer the
amendment reported by the chairman of the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
I have already stated that we have a road in
Nebraska, or rather two roads coming to-
gether about one hundred miles back from the
Missouri river, projected on to Denver : the
Brownville and Fort Kearny, and the Mid-
land Pacific. We are asking Congressto give
those roads the odd sections of land ; and I ask
Congress still, that those odd sections may be
reserved for those corporations formed within
the State of Nebraska. The amendment of
the Senator from Ohio proposes to take those
lands and give them to a foreign corporation
which has no claim to them whatever, under
any previous legislation, in my judgment. I
repeat, I ask that those odd sections bo
reserved for our own roads ; but I say again,
if this bill is to pass, I prefer the amendment
as reported from the committee. Let us have
the odd sections of our own roads. 1 say fur-
ther to the Senate, that if this bill does pass
I hope the Senate will remain in session long
enough to pass Senate bill No. 108, in charge
of my colleague, providing for a grant of lands
to the Brownville, Fort Kearny, and Midland
Pacific road, and let the thing be ended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on the amendment of the Senator from Ohio,
which will take precedenceof the othermotion,
being to perfect the text.
Mr. MORTON. When the bill was before
the Senate some two years ago to carry out
what was understood to be the original grant
to this company, and to execute what was
regarded as a contract, and which I thought
was a contract, granting subsidies to finish this
road in consonance with what I understood to
be the contract, I voted for it; and I would
vote for the same bill again with the same
understanding, for I have seen no reason to
change my views of what that contract was.
But, sir, there are some features about this
bill, which are defended here upon the ground
that they are intended to supply an equity to
which this company is entitled, that I can hardly
approve of. If there is a debt due to this com-
pany or a contract by which they are entitled
to further subsidies, that debt or those sub-
sidies should come out of the Treasury of the
United States and be borne by the whole coun-
try. But to make good this claim and this
equity it is now proposed by a land grant to
do that which would bear very heavily upon a
particular section of the country, who were not
at all responsible for the violation of this con-
tract originally.
If 1 understand this bill, it proposes to allow
this company to take the even sections; that is
to say, another railroad has had laud granted
to it, and the even or alternate sections have
been reserved, by the Government; and now
this bill permits this company to come in and
take those alternate sections that were reserved
to the Government in the grant to the other
railroad company. Am I correct about that?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts says that I am correct. One company
gets the odd sections, the even sections being
reserved to the Government as the considera-
tion for giving the odd sections, and now we
come in and give to a second company the even
sections, so that between the two companies
the entire strip of country is given away, and
there is nothing left to the settler except to buy
of the companies at their own prices. Sir, I
do not think that is justice to the settlers who
are there now. They did not settle there upon
that understanding, but they settled there on
another understanding, and we should preserve
good faith toward them as well as toward the
railroad companies.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator will allow
me to call his attention to the language of the
bill. The lands to be reserved are "to be
selected by the Secretary of the Interior from
the public lands of the United States." He
may not see fit to select every alternate sec-
tion. It is left to his discretion in a great
degree. If there were any peculiar circum-
stances about any of the even sections he
would be governed by those circumstamces.
Mr. MORTON. He is to take it from the
public land, and there is no other public land
there but the even-numbered sections, and I
thought it was conceded that that would be the
effect of this proposition.
Mr. HOWARD. That will be the effect of it.
Mr. MORTON. That will be the effect of
it, then, that the even sections will be taken by
one company, the odd sections having already
been taken by another, and between the two
they will have them all. Sir, in my opinion
that is a bad precedent to set; it is a bad ex-
ample. We may be called upon to follow it
in other cases. I will remark further, that a
decent regard to public opinion, unless that
public opinion should conflict with the clearest
dictates of our own judgment, should make ns
hesitate before we give away the public lands
in this new and perhaps unexampled manner.
If there is anything that the public sentiment
of this country is clear and distinct upon, that
is manifested in every way, in conventions,
State and county, through the public press
and upon the hustings, it is against this policy
of giving away the public lands as it has been
pursued for some years past. It may be argued
that the people are all wrong about this; but
I tell you, sir, that that is the sentiment of the
people, and we should pay a decent respect to
it, and I am not sure but. that they are pretty
near right in it. Before I run counter to it I
want to be satisfied very clearly that they are
wrong.
But, sir, this bill proposes something new.
It sets a bad example, and will do injustice to
the settlers who are there now, and to the re-
gion of country througlf which this road runs.
For my part, I would rather repeat the vote I
gave two years ago to carry out what I under-
stood to be the contract, by voting the subsi-
dies directly as called for by the spirit of that
contract, than to vote for this bill.
Mr. FOWLER. Mr. President, before the
vote is taken, I wish to make a few remarks in
reference to this bill. I shall vote upon the bill
now very differently from what I would if it were ,
an original proposition. I do not think the ques-
tion was ever better put than it was put by the
Senator from Indiana just now, so far as giving
away the public lands for the purpose of en-
abling any companies to make improvements
is concerned. While I am in favor of internal
improvements, I have never Been the advocate
of giving away the public lands for that pur-
pose. But in this case my vote will be con-
trolled wholly by the consideration that the
public faith of the nation is pledged to this
company, and therefore it ought to be complied
with.'
The Senator from Indiana stated that the
even sections heretofore had been retained by
the Government as the consideration for giv-
