3402
THB 'CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President, when t&e
Senator (Vom Ohio who sits on my right [Mr.
Shkhmax) offered this amendment, the inchn-
Htion of my mind was to support it; and if the
Senator from Ohio was right in the position to
which he assigned retired officers of the Antiy
that amendment should prevail. He stated
that they were simply in the position of pen-
sioners. If that were true there is no reason in
the world why they should not be allowed to i
take civil office. But, Mr. President, my mind j
was immediately changed on the reading ot i
the statute by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. j
Trumbolu] The statute creating this retired j
list places the officers directly, in words, in a j
different position. My friend from Ohio on
my left [Mr. Thcrman] will pardon me for
saying that he has not convinced me by his
argument that that statute is repealed by im-
plication by the amendment of nis colleague,
and I should like to ask the Senator from Ohio
on ray right [Mr. Sherman] if he is willing that
that construction shall be put upon his amend-
ment, for it goes too far; it takes the officer off
the Army Register 5 it deprives him of wearing
the uniform; it takes away from him his pay
and emoluments; in fact, he is no longer a
retired officer. Ihe effect of the amendment
offered by the Senator from Ohio on my right,
[Mr. Sherman,] as construed by the Senator
from Ohio on my left, [Mr. Thurman,] is to ■
deprive them of all that is valuable in being on
the retired list. No, Mr. President, it is im- :
possible that they shall be in the service of
their country as officers liable to be called upon
by the President at any time, ordered to any
post, wear their uniforms, receive their pay,
and at the same time be entitled to hold civil
office. I agree with the Senator from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Cassbrly] in the views he has
expressed on this subject.
Mr. THURMAN. I cannot agree with my
friend from New Jersey, that ihe amendment
would hare anyeuch effect as deprivingare-
tired officer of his rank or his uniform. There
is no repugnancy between his holding his rank
and uniform in the Army as a retired officer
and wearing his uniform and holding a civil
office, and the repeal by implication could go
any further than the repugnancy which exists.
If it had that effect, of course this amendment
ought not to be adopted, but I do not think it
will have that result.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Sherman,]
The amendment wasrejected.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I now move to strike
out in the twenty-first section, lines two and
three, the words " on the active list," so as to
conform to the will of the Senate just expressed.
Mr. STEWART. Will the Senator accept
an amendment to say "except in the Indian
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is to strike
out the words "on the active list," so.that
the section will read:
That it shall not bo lawful for any officer of the
Army of tho United States to hold any civil office, «o.
Mr. THURMAN. Is our minister at Madrid
an officer in the Army now?
Mr. TRUMBULL and Mr. SHERMAN.
Y gg
Mr. THURMAN. What will be the effect
ofthisonhim?
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is a law already
in existence prohibiting liim from holding a
diplomatic office. It has been read here once
or twice.  ' .
Mr. EDMUNDS. He can hojd it if he gives
up his military office.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The existing law de-
clares in so many words that any person in the
Army accepting office in the diplomatic or con-
sular service shall thereby vacate his military
office. , .
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is he borne on the Army
list yet?
Mr. WILSON. He is a retired officer; and
service?'
Mr. TRUMBULL,
make it general.
Mr. WILLIAMS,
exception.
Mr. TRUMBULL.
I think we ought • to
I protest against the
   I think we ought to
make the tule general, although there might
be some reason for a particular exception- ■
Mr. STEWART, i hope- the amendment
will not prevail without the exception. _ I
wove to amend the amendment by saying
" except in the Indian service."
- Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not in order now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be more
properly in order after this Question is taken,
because if agreed to in this shape the amend-
ment would be to strike out some words and
to insert some other words in a different place.
Mr. TRUMBULL. My amendment is an
amendment to an amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is, and that
would preclude it. The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. SHERMAN called for the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. COLE. Let theamendment be reported.
I understand that he had leave of absence for
a year, or something of tHfct kind, and under
that leave he holds this office. His leave will
expire in June, and then he must leave the
Army or else resign his office if this amend-
ment prevails.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to make another
inquiry. Did General Schofield forfeit his
position in the Army by accepting the post of
Secretary of War?
Mr. WILSON. General Schofield was an
officer of the Army and was appointed Secre-
tary of War by the President and confirmed by
the Senate. It was an appointment. He drew
pay, of course, not as an Army officer, but as
Secretary of War.
Mr. CONKLING. The statute does not
cover that case.
Mr. CORBETT. I wish to ask the Senator
from Massachusetts if General Sickles draws
the salary of minister and also the pay of an
Army officer?
Mr. WILSON. No, sir; he draws pay as
minister. We have a general law against draw-
ing two salaries.
Mr. SHERMAN. No retired Army officer,
if he holds a civil office, can draw two salaries.
This is a far different amendment from the one
we have been discussing. This is a proposi-
tion that the President of the United States
shall not avail himself of the benefit of-the
experience, patriotism, and ability of an offi-
cer of the Army for anypurpose whatever for
the discharge of any function in civil life. It
would have prevented General Schofield from
being Secretary of War. It would have pre-
vented General Grant from holding the office
of Secretary of War pro import, because that
was an office created by law. It would have
prevented General Sickles frbm holding the
office hfe now holds. It would have prevented
the officers of the Army from employment on
the plains now, in contact with the Indiafia,
where their services are most needed, where
they have been appointed as superintendents
of Indian affairs. The whole of the 'argument
of the Senator from Illinois rested upon the
twenty-fifth section of tlie act of 1861, whieh
he read, in the following words":
"Retired officers of the Army, Navy, and Marine
corps may bo assigned to Bheh duties as the President
may deem them capable of performing, aod such as
the exigency of the public servLce pjay require.
That was a mere conjectural provision, coa-
templating the possibility that the President
might order them into service. It would be
better far to repeal that little provision in order
to remove all doubt and leave the retired officer
■imply what he is, a pensioner. Then he would
not be liable to the command of the President.
The whole retired list is framed upon the idea
that the retired officer passes ftom active ser-
vice. The very words at the beginning of the
fe* require that they are to pass frooi active
service, to be no longer in the line of promo-
tion, no longer subject to command.
For purposes of discipline the Rules and Arti-
cles of War may be enforced against them, but
they are private pensioners in a higher grade.
Now, to say that an officer of the Army,
whether on the retired list or the active list,
shall never under any circumstances be em-
ployed by the President of the United States
in any civil.employment, that he shall not be
elected by the people of the U nited States to
any civil office, is not only reversing the prac-
tice of the Government, (for I can show in the
history of this country many cases of that kind
that have occurred,) but it is aiming a reproach
at the President, who has done this repeatedly,
and we have ourselves approved the policy of
employing these Army officers iu the positions
of Indian agents and superintendents.
I do not think we ought to do this. I did not
call for the yeas and nays on the other propo-
sition simply because I thought that by the
phraseology of section twenty-one it was possi-
ble that while the officers , on the active list
were excluded from holding office, which was
right enough, the mere exclusion of that class
of officers would permit officers on the retired
list to hold civil offices.  
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator will allow
me I will simply say that the House of Repre-
sentatives in their bill forbade any Army offi-
cer from holding any civil office. That seemed
to me to be rather hard; and I put into this
IU UIQ HI MO — J   - r - -
section the words now proposed to be stricken
out, "on the active list," with a view to allow
retired officers to hold any of these places.
Mr. SHERMAN. Therefore I was very
willing to take section twenty-one, after read-
ing it carefully, and let- the allowance for the
appointment of retired officers or their elec-
tion by the people stand upon the constructive
exclusion' of retired officers from the operation
of the twenty-first section; and I am not at all
sure but that that would be the legal construc-
tion, Perhaps it would. I trust that the Senate
will be satisfied with that, section as it stands,
which provides that an Army officer on the active
list, who is liable tp duty any day, who is sub-
ject to the order of the President, shall be
excluded from civil appointments | and if there
is any doubt raised by the section quoted by
the Senator from Illinois as to the power ot
the President over the retired officers, while I
think it ig a man of straw, we had better a
great deal repeal that section than pass a law
prohibiting these retired officers from holding
a civil office. It is not a question that affects
the Treasury $ because in no event, in case a
retired officer waa appointed to office, could
he draw more than one salary. He could not
^rftw two.
i Mr, SUMNER* Mr. President, I have said
nothing in, this discussion. I hope I shall be
pardoned if I now add one word.
There is a principle of our institutions to
which reference is constantly made in this de-
bate, which is worthy of constant memory. _ It
is the subordination ^ military to the civil
power. Mr. Jefferson in his inaugural address,
so memorable as a representation of the funda-
mental principles of republican institutions,
expressly declares the subordination of the
military to the civil as an essential eiepaent of
a republic. I accept that idea, and I confess
that I have alwaysadmired in our system.that
the Navy Department and the War Depart-
ment each is in charge of a civilian; that
neither a naval officer nor a military officer in
the ordinary course of affairs takes his place
at the head, of either of these Departments, to
the end that the Navy and the Army shall see
in a civilian the visible head of each. In that
I recognize the genius of the Republic.
But now, sir, for the application. I confess
I agree entirely with the argument of the Sen-
ator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.] I consider
that the demands of republican institutions are
completely satisfied, if we exclude uien in ac-
tive service from taking part in civil lite., lo
