1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4347
ing away tlie odd sections. In my judgment
that expresses the whole fact of the case. The
entire consideration we have received for all
the land that has been given away is the poor
supposition that the Government would retain
one half for giving away the other half; and
now, I suppose, it will be stripped even of that.
Nevertheless, I think we are bound to make
this concession, or at any rate, if we do not do
this, to give the subsidy in bonds that was
promised to this road.
In 1862 a bill passed Congress, and received
the sanction of the Executive, for the purpose
of constructing a railroad to the Pacific ocean.
The initial point of that road was to be on
the one hundredth meridian west of Green-
wich. That point was to be fixed by the Pres-
ident of the United States, and was fixed by
the President of the United States. To that
point certain other roads running out from
Iowa and Kansas and Missouri were to con-
verge, and then have a common line to the
Pacific ocean. One of the branches of the road
was from Kansas City northwestward to that
point. Another was from Omaha, with a gen-
eral course westward to that point. Another
branch was constructed leading from St.
Joseph, in Missouri, with a general course
westward until it should intersect the road
leading from Kansas, that is the Kansas Pacific
road, at a distance of one hundred miles west
of the Missouri river.
Now, it is true that the Government in that
bill pledged its faith only for that hundred
miles west of the Missouri river, and no fur-
ther. It seems that this company have gone
on and constructed one hundred miles of their
load west of the Missouri river, where they
were to intersect with the Southern Kansas
road, leading from Kansas City to the initial
point of the Pacific railroad. But in -1806 the
Congress of the United States permitted the
Southern Kansas road to diverge from the di-
rection that it first gave to it and pass off in
another direction, thus leaving the Central
Branch out in the prairie one hundred miles
from its initial point. Thus it had a com-
mencement on the Missouri river, but was left
on the prairie without any termination what-
ever. The Governmentofthe United States gave
$1,600,000 in bonds to construct the road that
lar, leading to no place, on the prairie. Does any
sane man believe that the Government of the
United States, when it made that pledge of
lands and of bonds, understood that the road
was to stop at that point ? Most assuredly not..
But they went further than that. I will not
read the laws on this subject. I have read
them very carefully to-day, and I have exam-
ined the whole subject before. They wentfur-
ther than that. In the bill passed in 1864
Congress provided—
" That so much of section seventeen of said act"—
That is, the act of 1802—
"as provides ior a reservation by tlie Government
of a poition of the bonds to be issued to aid ill the
construction of the said railroads is hereby repealed.
the act to which th.* ~ . —--- -
a forfeiture of the rights, privileges, or franchise ot
any other company or companies thai shall nave
complied with the same/'
The failure of the Southern Branch to make
its terminus at the initial point of the Pacific
railroad, as was intended in the act of 1802,
could not work a forfeiture of the rights and
privileges of the Central Branch road by its
failure to connect as was intended by tho law
of 1802. They were permitted, it may be said,
by the Congress af the United States to diverge
in a southern direction, running farther west.
Then the pledge of the Government still con-
tinued to the Central Branch road, that the
permission on the part of the Government to
the Southern Branch road to divert its direc-
tion should not work a forfeiture of the rights
and privileges of the Central Branch. In my
judgment, the Government of the United States
never did more fully and thoroughly pledge its
faith to any corporation than it has done to
this one, that it should have all the grants of
land and other privileges extended to it from
the initial point of its road, at St. Joseph, to
its terminus at the initial point of the Pacific
railroad on the one hundredth meridian.
It is said that this is a grant of twenty sec-
tions to the mile. By the law of 1862 the
grant consisted of ten sections. By the law of
1864 it was augmented ten sections more,
making it twenty sections. I do not justify
this pledge of twenty sections per mile to any
corporation to construct any road ; and if I
had been here I should have voted against it.
But, nevertheless, Congress, in its wisdom,
chose to vote twenty sections to the mile for
the construction of this road, and these men
went on in accordance with that pledge and
invested their money in this structure, and I
think it would be bad faith now to leave them
out in the prairie without any termination to
the road whatever.
Here, sir, I wish to make a remark as to the
ad vantages of the railroad system. I, of course,
do not underestimate the value of railroads.
I know well and appreciate their value to the
cause of civilization, as well as to the wants
and necessities of the present age. But, sir,
railroads do not carry civilization, nor do they
carry population especially. Civilization and
population make railroads; and that is the
rule we should follow, rather than carry pop-
ulation and civilization by the railroads. 1
have never approved the policy of carrying
railroads into unsettled and destitute portions
of the country, because it was unnecessary;
they could not be made profitable, and the
capital necessary for their construction would
be better invested in other pursuits than by
wasting it in this manner.
Again, I think it was a great error in us to
give these large grants of lands to railroad com-
panies. The lands should always have been
reserved for actual settlers, and then sold only
in such quantities as could have been occupied
by the people. Under no circumstances should
Congress even sell to any particular individual
or set of individuals a quantity of land more
than he or they could occupy, and occupy
properly. The idea of an individual owning
in his own right fifty, one hundred, or two
hundred thousand acies of land is monstrous.
The idea of a railroad company taking posses-
sion of such vast tracts of land is I think con-
trary to sound policy and to the interests of
civilization in the country.
But that has nothing whatever to do wilh
this question. That is entirely a side matter.
Nor have my own private personal views with
regard to the true policy that we should have
pursued with the public lands anything to do
with it. Those views were not heeded in the
beginning. The Government has chosen a
different policy; it has pledged its faith in a
different way; and for one, I feel bound to
give to this corporation precisely the amount
that was pledged to it by thelawsof the coun-
try, whether in acres of land or in railroad
bonds. If this additional number of acres of
land be considered a fair equivalent, as I sup-
pose it is, for the subsidy in bonds that they
were to receive, I shall not vote for it.
Mr. YATBS. Mr. President _
Mr. DAVIS. With the consent of the Sen-
ator from Illinois I will read the thirteenth
section of the act of 1SC2, which bears upon
this question :
"And be It further enacted, That the Hannibal and
St. Joseph Ttailroad Company of Missouri may ex-
tend its roads from St. Joseph, via Atehinson, to
connect and unite with the road through^ Kansas,
upon filing its assent to the provisions ot this act,
upon the same terms and conditions, ill all respccts,
for one hundred miles m length next to the Missouri
river, as are provided in.this act for the construction
of therailroad and telegraph line fii'st mentioned,
and may lor this purpose use any railroad charter
which has been or may be granted by the Legisla-
ture of Kansas : Provided, That if actual survey
shall render it desirable, the'said company may con-
struct tlieir road, with the consent ot the Kansas
Legislature, on theinost direct and practicable route
west from St. Joseph, Missouri, so as to connect and
unite with the road leading irom tb e western bound-
ary of Iowa at any point east of the one hundredth
meridian of west longitude, or with the main trunk
road at said point."
I read this .to show that by the express words
of the law the iaith of Congress is pledged
only to one hundred miles of this Central
Branch road.
Mr. YATES. That is precisely the point
upon which I rose to speak. I am glad that
tlie Senator has read that section of the law.
Mr. HARLAN. If the honorable Senator
will allow me, if he intends to discuss the legal
point, he will do well to read the sixteenth
section of the act of 1864.
Mr. DAVIS. I was going to ask if the friends
of this measure relied upon any other law, that
they should produce that law.
Mr. HARLAN. Of course there are both
laws; the law of 1862, and the law of 1861,
amendatory of the law of 1862.
Mr. DAVIS. Let the Senate have the ben-
efit of the amendatory law of 1864 by pro-
ducing it.
Mr. HARLAN. I think it is the sixteenth
section of the act of 1864.
Mr. HOWARD. All these laws were re-
viewed by the Senate two years ago on the
discussion of this same question. There was
a long report then made to the Senate on the
subject, in which the whole matter was dis-
cussed.
Mr. YATES. This is not the first session
that this question has been discussed. It was
before Congress at the last session, and I have
had some little opportunity of investigating it.
I do not intend to add to the remarks which
I made this morning, because the whole debate
that lias occurred since I made those remarks
has developed the state of facts which I then
stated. I f there is any equity whatever in this
claim, if there is any pledge by the United
States Government in any manner whatever,
if tho Senator from Iowa will look up the stat-
ute to which he refers and show that Congress
at any time heretofore has pledged itself, after
the construction of this one hundred miles of
road, to extend the road by additional sub-
sidies to a junction wilh I lie Union Pacific road,
then I am ready to yield my objections. But
I stand here to say thai I do not believe any
such pledge has been made.
On I,he other hand, as I stated before, men
of capital in the Mast are reaching out for our
western trade. They are seeking this road
and that road; and in order that they may be
successful, they ask of Congress to give them
a donation of public lands. The simple mat-
ter of fact is, that this railroad company came
to Congress for grants for a road one hundred
miles in length; they asked for grants for one
hundred miles, they, not Congress, notthe
Government, but they to take the risk, 'lhey
fo esaw and anticipated the speech ot the Sen-
ator from Tennessee precisely. They are busi;
ness men; they understood the operations of
trade ; and they distinctly foresaw that if they
ran a line one hundred miles into the wilder-
ness, with no connection, no placc to end, no
place to stop, then they could appeal to Con-
gress for an additional grant of public lands.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I know the
honorable Senator does not intend to mis-
state the facts. The original charter gave this
bianch road the right to connect with the East-
ern Division on its way to the one hundredth
meridian, where it was expected that that line
would join the Union Pacific. Does the Sen-
ator recollect that?
Mr. YATBS. I do. m) , .
Mr. HOWARD. Clearly he does. 1 lie legis-
lation of Congress of 1866 allowed the Lastern
Division to diverge and go off west and south-
west, so that that junction became an impos-
sibility. That made the whole trouble. _
Mr YATES. Let me settle tins question
by'asking the Senator whether he intends to
say that, by any act of Congress, Congress
