1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
208
but if you state truly that you have the power
to enact the provisions of this bill; that you
have the power to reconstruct Georgia, to in-
termeddle in any manner with her legislation
and the exercise of her executive, legislative,
or judicial power any further than you have
the same right in reference to any other State
of the Union, you are proposing an amend-
ment not to a State, but to some other body.
Suppose Georgia was an organized Territory
under your acts of Congress, could you submit
a proposition to ratify an amendment of the
Constitution to her? No; and what is the
reason? Simply because a Territory, although
organized and having a legislative body, is not
the body-politic which according to the terms
of the Constitution is capable of ratifying an
amendment. It is a State and a State only that
can ratify an amendment. And yet, sir, your
bill proposes, before Georgia shall even be enti-
tled to representation by her Senators upon this
floor or by Representatives in the other House,
that she, your abject servant and slave, she,
something over whom you, the Congress of the
United States, have absolute and, as has been
contended by gentlemen on this floor, sovereign
I>ower, shall dp as her voluntary act your en-
forced act, ratify a constitutional amendment.
You constitute and make her your humble ser-
vant, not to do her own act, but to do yours ;
and when she has done it the old legal maxim
will apply, qui facit per alium facit per se.
You have done it yourselves; it is not Georgia
that has done it at all. You have constituted
an abject political slave of yours your agent
and bid her go and do her master's will, and
when she does it the act of the slave is tho act
of the master, and is nothing else.
And what is the character, tho nature of the
Legislature which you declare in effect shall
ratify the fourteenth and fifteenth so-called
amendments to the Constitution? A provisional
Legislature, declared so by your bill, and a pro-
visional Legislature called into existence and
made to act. not. by the free choicc of tho people
of Georgia but by the compulsory action of Con-
gress. Was political inconsistency, legislative
fully, or party daring ever so boldly or wan-
tonly exhibited'!
-Mr. President, I have stated this point, and
I hope I have made myself clear upon it, that
if Georgia is not a Stato equal in all respects
with the other States of this Union, free to
exercise exclusively her legislative, executive,
and judicial powers, then she is not the body
contemplated by the Constitution of the United
States in article five of that instrument, which
is in these words:
"The CoilRrcsa. whenever two thirds of both Houses
shall deem it necessary, shall proposo amendments
to this Constitution, or, on tho application of the
Legislatures of two thirds of tho several Slates, shall
call a convention for proposing amendments, which
m either ease shall bo valid to all intents and pur-
poses as part of this Constitution when ratified by tho
Legislatures of three fourths of tho several States, or
by conventions in threo fourths thereof, as tho one
or the other modo of ratification may ho proposed
by the Congress."
The Constitution speaks of the ratification
of an amendment to the Constitution by one
power and one community alone, and that is
the great political power and community of the
State, and a State within the meaning of the
Constitution is a body-politic which exercises,
and there cannot be a State within the meaning
of the Constitution that does not exercise, of its
own free will and choice, free from your inter-
vention and control, the entire executive, legis-
lative, and judicial power of its government.
Sir, tell this Governor Bullock, who some
two or three years before the war, as I under-
stand, found the climo of the North uncoil- !
genial to him and who went down to Georgia
as an express agent or in some other dignified
character of that sort and now finds himself
suddenly elevated to the gubernatorial office
of that State, not by the choice of the people,
h:jr bj- your helping hands, tell him who thus
i to position professes to preside over
■l'ld !o evorciso control over Georgia, and who
is now here begging you to interfere against the
people of whom he is the thus chosen repre-
sentative, tell him whom to summon and where
to summon as the Legislature of Georgia. Why
do you stop by designating the persons who
were declared elected under the military proc-
lamation of General Meade ? Why do you not
pick out any other number of men and set them
up by your omnipotent power as the Congress
of the United States as the Legislature of
Georgia, and say that they shall be made instru-
ments to ratify an amendment to the Constitu-
tion of the United States? You have equal
authority under the Federal Constitution to
designate any other number of men, white or
black, as you have to designate the ones whom
you propose to designate.
Mr. President, I infer from the remarks
which have fallen from honorable members of
this body that the great object of this bill is to
secure universal suffrage so far as the black
race are concerned, to give to the negro popu-
lation, not only of Georgia, but of every State
in this Union, the right to vote. I may stand
alone in the declaration and in the expression
of the opinion, but I have as firm, as fixed,
and as honest an opinion upon the effect of
such a ratification upon my State and upon
the States of Ohio and New York, and other
States, as I have upon any legal question, even
elementary in its character, that can be pre-
sented to my mind. If the views which I have
presented in reference to the nature and char-
acter of the political community which under
our Constitution alone can ratify a proposed
amendment to the Constitution be true, it
would follow that your ratification by Geor-
gia would be absolutely null and void aud of
no effect, aud there is no omnipotence in the
legislative departmentoftheGovernmentto give
it binding force upon any State of this Union.
Sir, 1 should have been amazed if I had not
long since ceased to be amazed at anything
when 1 heard it solemnly declared upon the
floor of the Senate by gentlemen for whom I
have great personal respect and for whose opin-
ions, when not carried away by the influences
of party, 1 would have respect, by men learned
in the law, as we have been taught to believe,
that there is no power to pass in review upon
the validity and binding effect of such a ratifi-
cation as this. My honorable and good-natured
friend from Missouri [Mr. Drake] is only a
few steps in advance of his progressive asso-
ciates. I am not sure but that if he only per-
severes a little while longer in what he deems a
good cause he will find the rank and file of his
party marching up to this outpost to which he
has already gone. There have been many other
notions considered just as wild as that of the
Senator when first advanced in this body by one
solitary individual making proclamation of
them, and deemed wild and visionary by the
laggards of tho party at the time, and yet we
have all seen them in the course of a very few
months or years, at least, marching up man-
fully and ready to proclaim as a copperhead
and traitor any man who doubted the perfect
legitimacy of the outpost thus assumed on the
road of radicalism, or around the camp of
radicalism. I do not think it is much of a
camp. It is progressing all the time, knapsack
or carpet-bag, one or tho other, always in hand.
Sir, under any free Government the inter-
pretation of all law is of necessity and inhe-
rently a judicial power. The interpretation
of constitution or Jaw is no part of legislative
power. ^ It must of necessity be the exercise
of judicial power, and judicial power alone.
Mr. DRAKE. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. SAULSBURY. Certainly.
Mr. DRAKE. I should like to know from
the honorable Senatorfrom Delaware whether,
when a bill comes into the Senate, it is or is
not his privilege, as a Senator of the United
States, to determine whether that bill is in
conformity with the Constitution or against it ?
Mr. SAULSBURY. I have no objection at
all to answering the honorable Senator. Cer-
tainly as a legislator I am bound to consider
its provisions and see whether, in my judg-
ment, it conforms to the provisions of the Con-
stitution of the United States or not. That is
a duty that I owe to myself as a legislator. But
when it passes into an act, and the rights either
of individuals or communities are to be affected
by its operation, and the question comes up
for determination by adverse proceedings by
contending parties, it is inherently a judicial
power to determine. It must of necessity be
so, bceause (not speaking now with reference
particularly to the ratification of a constitu-
tional amendment, but of an act of Congress)
if the question is ligitated in a court the very
act of Congress, as a matter of course, is cited
by the party claiming its benefit as law. What
is the court to do ? They must pass upon the
question whether it is law; whether it is con-
stitutionally the law of the land. They must
inquire whether the act of Congress, if you
please, gives the right or affords the remedy
sought under it by the party relying upon it;
and secondly, whether if it does give that right
or afford that remedy there is no other law of
the land above it which is in conflict with it and
which if in conflict with it must prevail. And
this power of the court to pass upon an act of
Congress is no greater ana no less than is the
power of the court to pass upon the question
whether an alleged provision of the Constitu-
tion, an alleged amendment, if you please, is
in fact a constitutional provision, is in fact an
amendment ratified in accordance with the
provisions of the Constitution.
But, Mr. President, I was passing on to
another branch of the legal aspect of this
question, and about to state a proposition which
1 said if I stood alone upon I honestly enter-
tained the belief of its truth, and I here hon-
estly avow it; and that is that even if Georgia
was a State in the Union, and if three fourths
of the States that are in the Union were to
ratify a proposed amendment to the Consti-
tution of the United States which destroyed
the power of a State, a member of the Federal
Union, to control the management of its own
domestic and internal affairs; as, for instance,
if a proposed amendment to the Constitution
goes so far as to say who shall or who shall
not vote for Governor of my State or members
of the Legislature of my State, and if that pro-
posed amendment is ratified by three fourths
of the States acknowledged to be in the Union,
and does not receive the assent of my State, the
ratification by three fourths is absolutely null
and void; and for this reason : because under
our form of government there must of neces-
sity be limitations upon the power of amend-
ment growing out of the nature and character
of our political institutions. The States never
meant by giving to three fourths of Congress
the power to ratify a proposed constitutional
amendment to surrender all the power of in-
ternal government within their own limits to
the Federal Government. They never, in
other words, gave to three fourths of the States
the power to destroy the State governments ;
and whenever three fourths of the States go
to such an extent as to say who shall vote for
mere municipal officers of a State, for State
officers, they goto the extent of saying who
shall not vote, and they go to the extent of
saying that no one shall vote at all; and when
they can go to that extent they can go to the
extent of saying there shall be neither execu-
tive, legislative, nor judicial officers within a
State. The power of amendment contem-
plated by the Constitution is a power of amend-
ment to perfect the system, to develop the
system, if you please, in its operations, to
make it more beneficial for the commonweal
and prosperity of the whole; but it never was
intended to be a power of amendment to
destroy the very nature of the Federal Gov-
ernment, or the nature, powers, and essential
characteristics and rights of the State govern-
ments.
