1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
501
1-1 st Cong....2d Sess.
Franking Privilege—Mr. Oarpenter.
Senate.
gling bravely for independence you give the
preference to the latter, if in doing this you
should happen to commit error, and that error
should happen to be on the side of humanity
and liberty, there is no country in the world
which can or ought to find fault with you. In
questions tried before our juries they are
always instructed to give the benefit of the
doubt in favor of the prisoner. In this case,
if there be any doubt, I implore the House let
it, be in favor of Cuba. By taking the side of
Cuba against Spain we are true to the instincts
of our organization in sympathizing with a
people suffering under oppression. It will
show that you do not sympathize with despot-
ism. It will show that now, as heretotore,
the Republican party sympathize with strag-
gling humanity seeking freedom and independ-
ence.
Your record is clear in the past, We have
had too much sympathy of late years for great
monarchies. Indeed there seems to be too
great a disposition in some quarters to sympa-
thize too much with monarchy, and to sympa-
thize too much with the exercise of arbitrary
power in opposition to justice and liberty.
And why is this? Because these are great Gov-
ernments and controlled by the great ones.
1 hese monarchical Governments have mighty
tieets floating upon the high seas. They have
ministers residing in our midst. They have
pleasant men who can afford to give splendid
entertainments. They are genial men at the
dinner table, and facile in the artful maneu-
vers of diplomacy. Tliey are what was known
in the timeof Louis XIV and the "Fronde," as
hoH.'iele men. They have all the appliances !
for making good their cause when they wish
to crush out people who are struggling for inde-
pendence. They are heard, and they have
official access to our Government, which is
denied to all others.
But never let it be said that the Republican
party sympathizes with the oppressors against
the oppressed. I warn you that no statesman
and no political party ever had a long life in
this country which did not love liberty, no mat-
ter from where the cry came, whether from
South America, or from Mexico, or from our
own slaves when they were held in bondage.
When the South American States raised the
standard of rebellion against Spain we sympa-
thized with them; when Mexico did the same
thing, she also had our sympathy; and gentle-
men should not forget that it was the Repub-
lican party that gave freedom and franchise to
four million staves in our own midst. Let gen-
tlemen carefully examine the history of this
country before they cast these people off and
consign them to the merciless horrors of a
Spanish inquisition. Head and mark well that
no party ever succeeded which ref used justice
or sympathized with the oppressor against the
oppressed.
if the paity which abolished slavery ; the
party which, in the spirit of justice, gave citi-
zenship to those who were freed by it; the party
which has always held itself to be the great
exponent of free principles and justice toall,
of liberty and humanity—if that party shall
now turn its back upon its former gloriouarec-
ord and lend moral support and material aid
to Snasn in its cruel crusade against the revo-
lutionists of Cuba it must inevitably go down
under the indignation of the people who now
miikc up its formidable numbers. If, however,
v,o shall give the aid which is asked to encour-
age an d sustain struggling humanity ; if we shall
help these Cubans fighting for independence ;
if we shall do that which every dictate of jus-
tice demands of us in the emergency ; in a word,
if we are true to the doctrines and principles
v.-,; have enunciated, then the Republican paity
will live to ride safely for many years to come
through the boisterous storms of politics, and
will override in the future, as it has done in
the past, all such theories as secession and
rebellion in our Government, and all that is
antagonistic to the universal liberty of man.
[Applause.] It will overcome every obstacle
that stands in the way of the great advance,
the great civilization, the great, enlightenment,
the great Christianity of this age. [Applamse.]
And whenever you fail to allow it to march
onward in the path in which it has started, and
undertake to impede it in its efforts to press
onward, you strike a blow at your own party,
your own interests and safety.
For I tell you that whenever you halt, or
shirk the responsibilities of the hour as Repub-
licans the Democrats will overtake you.
The Democrats were once formidable so far
as the questions of the day were concerned.
They are far behind you now; and Isay to you,
Republicans, do not let the Democrats beat
you to-day as regards the pssition they take in
favor of liberty. If you do, the country will
perhaps give you reason to learn after awhile
that you have forgotten the trust that was
reposed in you, and have failed to perform
the duty with which it has honored you, but
allowed it to slip from your hands to be dis-
charged by others.
For these things you must answer before the
great forum of the people; and if they adjudge
you recreant in the support of the principles
reposed in you, and false to the requirements
of the present, they will not find you worthy
of confidence in the future.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Franking Privilege.
SPEECH OP HON. M. II. CARPENTER,
of wisconsin,
Ix the United States Sexate,
June 15, 1870.
The Senate having under consideration the bill
(XI. R. Ko.98(i) to abolish the franking privilege-
Mr. CARPENTER said:
Mr. President : As I intend to vote against
this bill, 1 desire to state very briefly the reasons
which have led me to such a conclusion. This
bill passed the House of Representatives by
an overwhelming majority ; but before it had
reached our Chamber members of the House
who bad assisted to hurry it to its passage there
were on this floor beseeching us to kill it. My
first impulse was te vote for the passage of this
bill and to have it take effect immediately,
and send it back to the House, whose members
are so in the habit of criticising the conserva-
tive character of the Senate, and thus punish
them by the passage of a bill which they did
not desire to become a law.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks that to reflect upon the House ol Rep-
resentatives is out of order.
Mr. CARPENTER. I beg the Chair's par-
don ; I have not reflected upon the House of
Representatives, nor referred to anything that
.occurred in the Chamber of the House except
the passage of the bill there, which is a fact
certified to us and appearing of record here.
What I have said of the members of the House
referred to their conduct in our Chamber, not
in theirs.
But reflection satisfied me that a Senator
ought not to give his vote upon such a motive.
Tins is a question of importance, which ought
to be considered upon its merits—ought to be
fully andfairly examined, debated, and determ-
ined. If the franking system be an evil it ought
to be abolished; if a good thing it ought to be
maintained.
In the arrangement of the different depart-
ments and branches of this Governmentitwas
supposed that some temporary gusts of public
feeling might sweep over the country, which
the House of Representatives, from its short
term of service, might be unable to withstand.
To provide against this.evil a longer term of
service was appointed for the members of this
House, enabling us to remain in place until a
temporary impulse of erroneous public senti-
ment should subside, and the "sober second
thought" of the people, which is always right,
take its place. And although this is an ungra-
cious duty, and its performance is frequently
attended with temporary unpopularity and hasty
criticism, yet the duty is imperative ; and the
Senator who refuses to perform it, to avoid the
criticism of the press or a momentary unpop-
ularity, falls below the mark the Constitution
has set before him and betrays his trust. It
was not intended that the Senate should stand
against the deliberate will of the nation ; but
it was intended that the Senate should, when
in its judgment the case required it, arrest im-
pulsive and hasty legislation and remand the
subject to the more deliberate consideration of
the people, whose "sober second thought"
and mature judgment will always, of course,
control in this Chamber as well as in the other.
But, sir, what is the evidence possessed by
us that public sentiment demands the aboli-
tion of the franking system ? I am aware that
innumerable petitions load our table, and if
they had been the result of spontaneous action
on the part of the people they are sufficiently
numerous to be conclusive of the existence of
such apublic sentiment; and if I believed them
to be the result of such'action, if I believed the
deliberate judgment of the people demanded
this change, I would certainly support this
measure without regard to my own opinion of
its propriety, because I recognize the fact that
I am only a representative, and bound to ex-
press and give effect to the deliberate conclu-
sions of my constituents, whether, as an indi-
vidual, I approve or disapprove.
But, sir, does public sentiment demand this
change? Since this matter has been agitated
1 have received but one letter from Wisconsin
asking me to support this bill. After replying
to that letter, stating what I understood to be
the real merits of the question, I received from
that gentleman a second letter, saying he was
satisfied that the franking system was right in
itself, and that the abuse of it was the only
cause of complaint. But I have received many
letters from Wisconsin from leading, intelli-
gent, thoughtful men, men of influence, posi-
tion, and character, saying that these petitions
were circulated only by postmasters,^ who had
solicited signatures as a matter of personal
favor to themselves, and that the people did
not desire the abolition of the system.
Now, a word iu regard to these petitions. I
shall speak in perfect friendship for the Post-
master General, who, I am proud to say, is my
friend, as I am his friend, and who is admin-
istering the Post Office Department with great
energy and ability, and who is no doubt actu-
ated m this matter by a high regard for the
public good. But it'is the duty of the legisla-
tive department of the Government to raise its
voiee against any encroachment upon sound
principles, coming from no matter what source,
whether from our political opponents or our
political friends. If a mistakj be committed
which violates fundamental principle, and may
stand as a vicious precedent, to be followed by
injurious cpnsequences, it is our duty to point
it out. We may do this without acrimony or
denunciation. We may do it in a friendly
spirit of remonstrance, but it is our duty to
do it.
By the theory of our Government, and by
the provisions fcf the Constitution, the law-
making power is lodged in Congress. The great
Executive Departments of the Government
created by law are mere agencies for the proper
adininistrati®n of the laws of Congress. 1 he
Secretary of State, the Secretary of the Interior,
the Postmaster General, and all subordinates
