502
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 15,
Senate.
Franking Privilege—Mr. Carpenter.
41st Cong.,..2d Sess.
in their respective Departments are mere min-
isterial officers, whose duty it is, blindly and
without question, to obey the law. But what
have we seen ? The Postmaster General has
throughout the United States about twenty-
eight thousand deputy postmasters—twenty-
eight thousand ministerial officers of the law.
The Postmaster General pulls a rope in his
office and twenty-eight thousand bells are set
ringing in the various cities, towns, and ham-
lets of the Republic. Twenty-eight thousand
men would constitute no inconsiderable army,
more men than Napoleon led in his first cam-
paign into Italy; aud considering that they are
all intelligent and influential men, accredited
in their respective localities by official position,
it is easy to see what an immense power they
may exert for good or for evil.
What have they been directed by their chief
to do? To execute the law? No; but to avail
themselves of their position and exert their
influence to create and consolidate a public
sentiment, and bring it to hear upon Congress
to change the law. These petitions were all
printed by the Postmaster General at public
expense, and were forwarded to the deputy
postmasters, together with a printed circular,
signed by the Third Assistant Postmaster Gen-
eral, requesting, that is, directing, deputy post-
masters to procure signatures and return them
to their Senators and Representatives in Con-
gress. These petitions and circulars were trans-
mitted from Washington under the frank of the
Post Office Department as official business.
The deputy postmasters properly regarded them
as official instructions; indeed, such they were.
The petitions wore circulated, signatures were
solicited as matter of personal favor to tha
postmasters, who, of couise, were ambitious
to satisfy their chief that they possessed influ-
ence in their localities, and wore transmitted
to Congress under the frank of the deputy post-
masters, which by law extends only to official
business, altogether constituting the greatest
abuse of the franking privilege that has ever
been known in the country. And it is believed
that not a petition has been forwarded to Con-
gress upon this subject at this session except
as I have slated.
If this be a proper proceeding upon the part
o( the Post master General, it would be proper
for the head of any other Depai t.ment or bureau
or high oilicer of the Government having sub-
ordinates. What would you say to Geneial
Sherman's sending out to all his subordinates
throughout the United Sintef) printed circulars
with hJaulc petitions to boyigned and forwarded
to Congress for an increase of his pay, or for
any other amendment of the laws relating to
I lie Army ; and who can say how potent a ser-
geant in regimentals and with side-arms might
be in procuring signatures? If instead of doing
this General Sherman should detail officers of
the Army, supported by a proper escort of sol-
diers, to appear in the Capitol to express to
Congress their wishes in regard to a law for
the reorganization of the Army, you would say,
sir, that we were approaching the worst hours
of the Freuch revolution,
And yet I venture to say, aud I say it in all
kindness toward the Postmaster General, that
there is no distinguishing principle between
the course ho has adopted to influence the
action of Congress and the course I have sup-
posed on the part of the Commanding Gen-
eral, and that^ one would be as irregular and
:is unconstitutional, though not as reprehensi-
ble as the other. Our prejudices would be
mor.e quickly touched, because the danger
would be more apparent, by such an interfer-
ence on the part of the military arm of the
Government; but in principle it would be the
same. The twenry-eight thousand deputy post-
masters are ministerial officers of the law, as
are the colonels, majors, captains, sergeasits,
and corporals of the Army.
And if this proceeding be proper for the head
of a Department it would be proper for the
President to organize the entire force of all
the Departments, civil and military, in a cru-
sade to the people to arouse public sentiment
against Congress. A deputy postmaster may,
of course, petition Congress; but he should
do so in the capacity ®f a private citizen, and
not in his official character. The error of the
Postmaster General was in employing the
organization and machinery of a ministerial
Department of the Government, not for the
legitimate purpose of executing the law, but
for the purpose of changing the law it was his
duty to execute. And by so doing be has
reversed the constitutional methods and pro-
cesses of the Government, andhas thus brought
to bear upon Congress seeming, though unreal,
evidence of a public sentiment upon this sub-
ject. Does any man doubt that, should the
Postmaster General to-morrow issue a circular
to all his deputies, inclosing blank petitions,
informing them that for some reasons which
at first had escaped his attention he had
changed his opinion and become satisfied that
the franking system ought to be continued, and
directing them to procure signatures to an
inclosed petition to that effect—does any man
doubt that such petitions would be numerously
signed and promptly transmitted to Congress?
While the petitions before us do not represent
a real public sentiment, they do admonish us
what fearful power is lodged in the respective
Departments of this Government, and should
induce us to pray to God that they who exer-
cise such wide-reaching powers may always be
men of wisdom and righteousness.
But, sir, passing by these petitions, and the
manner in which they were obtained, let us for
a moment consider the question itself. Shaks-
peare, when he makes Juliet say, "a rose by
any other name would smell as sweet," gave
us a beautiful expression of the devotion of a
loving maiden, but the phrase is far from ex-
pressing a truth. Webster was nearer the fact
when he said '■ words are things." The Ameri-
can people are so opposed to the idea of mo-
nopoly and special privileges that you have
only to satisfy them that anything is a monop-
oly or privilege to arouse their opposition.
And the phrase " franking privilege" hasdone
much to produce this conviction. Sonic per-
sons suppose that the franking privilege is, in
some way, a vast, mysterious, unlimited bene-
fit to a member of Congress. The editor of a
leading journal recently said that it was un-
doubtedly very pleasant for a member of Con-
gress to send a package through the mail with-
out expense, by the simple indorsement of his
name, but that he enjoyed that benefit at the
expense of the people.
Now, let us see for a moment who enjoys
the benefit of franking? Whose privilege is it?
Since I came to Washington, on the 15th of
November last, the legal postage on all letters
written upon my own business would not ex-
ceed five dollars; but during that period, in
addition to documents published by Congress,.
I have sent to the people of Wisconsin over
twenty thousand speeches made in Congress
upon important public questions ; speeches of
the Senator from New lork [Mr. I'ekton] on
finance, and ot my colleague oil the same sub-
ject; speeches of the Senators from Michigan
[Messrs. Howard and Chandler] and of
other Senators upon various questions. These
speeches have cost me about three hundred
dollars, to say nothing of the labor of .franking,
and including the clerk hire for directing; and
on inquiry this morning where correct inform-
ation ought to be obtained on that subject I
was informed that on an average, one year
with another, members of Congress purchase
and pay over fifty thousand dollars each year
for speeches alone, to be distributed among
their constituents. The benefits of the frank-
ing privilege may be distributed thus: to the
member, the privilege of buying speeches, pay-
ing for them out of his own pocket, working
night and day to frank them, besides paying a
clerk todirecttbem ; and to the people, thepriv-
ilegeofobtainingthemwithout money and with-
outprice. The documents, agricultural reports.
&c., published by the Government, cost the
members nothing to obtain ; but the labor of
franking and directing them is considerable,
all of which falls upon the members, and the
people receive them without trouble ®r cost.
Now, sir, who enjoys the franking privilege,
members of Congress or the people ?
Mr. President, when the people reflect upon
this subject they have intelligence enough to
understand it, and will not be cheated by a
phrase. They will understand that this is their
privilege, not ours ; and they will put the blame
of what the Senatorfrom Minnesota [Mr. IU11-
sey] facetiously styles this "great reform"
where it belongs, upon the weakness or cow-
ardice of Congress. I have heard some Sen-
ators put it upon the true ground, and say they
desire toberelieved from the labor and expense,
and would vote to abolish the franking system as
a mere matter of selfishness. Such a motive the
people can understand if they do not applaud.
There is one sense in which the banking sys-
tem may be regarded as beneficial to members,
illustrated by an incident which happened to
myself. Upon an occasion, twoor three months
since, I made some remarks upon a bill pend-
ing in the Senate. Two or three other Senators
characteiized what I bad said as a nullification
speech. As I was wholly unknown, and those
Senators were great lights in our party, the
associated press telegraphed all over the world
that I had spoken upon the subject, without
giving what I bad said, but made full reports
of the speeches of those Senators who had
denounced my remarks. The result was that
my constituents were in an uproar, and news-
papers in Wisconsin edited by my warmest and
most cherished friends were censuring me, not
in anger, but in sorrow. My only remedy was
to go to the Congressional Globe ofiice" aud
hire them to publish six thousand copies of
what I did say, for which I paid $120. This
allayed the storm against me, and newspapers
which had denounced me for what they sup-
posed 1 had said fully indorsed the soundness
of what in fact I had said.
It may be sa<d that it was a benefit to me to
be able to inform my constituents of my actual
utterances. That is true ; but it was a far
greater privilege to my constituents thus to
know whether I had executed or betrayed the
trust they had committed to me. When a Sen-
ator sends his own speeches to bis constituents,
if they do not satisfy them that he i3 right they
will inform them that he is wrong; and thus
the people will ascertain whether they are rep-
resented or misrepresented by their Senators;
aud this the people are deeply interested to
know. The interest of a Senator is the inter-
est of one man, if a Senator may be said to
have any interest in representing a State at the
present rates of compensation; but to know
what he is doing in their name is the privilege
of a million of people. It is only by employ-
ing the frank that we can inform the people
what is being done, and the real objects of
measures which are being considered in Con-
gress ; and if this system be abolished the peo-
ple and their Government will practically be
divorced. They will not know the real facts,
but must content themselves with such notices
and criticisms as the associated press may see
fit to give them. A few of the wealthiest news-
paper establishments mtbe country, who main-
tain correspondents here, will have it in their
power to make or break any man, and to cre-
ate just such public sentiment on any question
as may promote their interest; and a system
of favoritism and corruption will thus be inau-
