5292
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
idea of this section to the Senate. Now, Mr.
President, was there ever such an extraordi-
nary work devised by the wit of man before?
Here are the southern States authorized to issue
bonds not less than one hundred thousand dol-
lars us the minimum limit, without any maxi-
mum limit at all. Ought any such inducement
as this to be held out, under the pressure of
legislation, to th«se States to go into debt ad
libitum ? Who can tell the amount of bonds
that may be issued by these States under the
stimulus of such an act of Congress as this?
Why, sir, in wildnesa it exceeds the scheme of
John Law in 1720. And what, is to be the con-
sequence? The Post Office Department of the
United States, which, in the name of common
sense and reason, is nor sufficiently extensive,
is sufficiently difficult to be managed properly,
and has sufficient charges upon it already to con-
duet the postal operations of the Government,
is to be associated with this grand scheme, and
the Postmaster General is to become the depos-
itary and the indorser of the United States of
• all the bonds that may be left with him ; and
his indorsement is to guaranty the payment
of these bonds to the holders by the United
States. Why, sir, I have never known such a
scheme to be presented before. The man who
originated this idea is fertile, but he was as wild
and visionary as fertile, in my judgment.
Who wants the Post Office Department to
form such a partnership ? Who wants all these
States to be stimulated and urged to issue their
State bonds for the purpose expressed in this
charter by the inducements that are here held
' out? Who wants the Post Office Department
by its head to become the depository of all
these bonds, to indorse them, and his indorse-
ment to be a guarantee to the holder of the
bonds that they shall be paid? What is the
indemnity and security which the United States
Government is to have for meeting these vast
responsibilities? Simply that the Postmaster
General shall retain the postages resulting
from the transmission of mail matter by this
company, when probably they would not be a
cent on the dollar, nor a cent probably on a
hundred dollars. Why, sir, the land scheme
is hardly worse than this in relation to the Post
Office Department; but the two together 
Mr. BAYARD. John Law's land scheme?
Mr. DAVIS. No; the land schema pre-
sented in the amendment.
Mr. BAYARD. I thought the honorable
Senator meant John Law's land scheme.
Mr. DAVIS. No; John Law's land schcme
was sober reason compared with the wildness
of this proposition. 1 think, sir, it is only
necessary for a sane, sober mind that is accus-
tomed to safe ways and safe measures to read
this bill t.o be struck wiih utter amazement
and horror and revulsion at the monster. I
therefore move to lay the bill upon the tabic.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky moves that this bill he
upon the table.
Mr. BAYARD and Mr. McDONALD. Mr.
President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is not debatable.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 think the Senator from
Arkansas designs to withdraw this amendment
relating to lands.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Kentucky withdiawliis motion?
Mr. DAVIS. I do not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the
question is on the motion to lay the bill upon
the table.
Mr. BAYARD. Is the motion debatable?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not.
Mr. DAVIS. If my friend from Delaware
wishes to ssy anything upon it I will withdraw
the motion.
Mr. NYE. I hope the Senator from Ken-
tucky will withdraw the motion for a mo-
ment.
Mr. McDONALD. I desire to withdraw the
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the motion
of the Senator from Kentucky withdrawn ?
Mr. McDONALD. 1 desire to withdraw the
amendment in regard to lands. There appears
to be a misunderstanding as to the status of our
lands in the South. There are no lands there
except those that are subject to locatiou by
actual settlers. The steamship company could
only use them by putting immigrants upon
them for location ; but as there seems to be a
misunderstanding about the matter, I withdraw
that amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Kentucky withdraw his motion ?
Mr. DAVIS. I withdraw it at the requestof
my friend from Rhode Island, [Mr. Spiiague. ]
Mr. SPRAGUE. I understand the Senator
from Arkansas withdraws the amendment in
regard to lands.
Mr. McDONALD. With the leave of the
Senator from Kentucky, I will withdraw that
part of the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Arkansas
is withdrawn. So the question now is on the
original amendment.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I desire to say a word in
reference to the original bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. With the permission of
the Senator from Rhode Island, I should like
to ask for information, whether the amendment
withdrawn is the last one read from the desk?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is the
amendment in relation to the donation of lands.
That is withdrawn.
Mr. CAS8ERLY. There were some olher
matters in it besides lands.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment relating to lands is withdrawn.
Mr. CASSERLY. The whole of that amend-
ment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. SPRAGUB. The Senator from Ken-
tucky has stated wliar, m my judgment, is the
correct proposition, that if it is desirable that
the commerce of this country shall be brought
out Iromits present death-like condition direct
appropriations should be made. Although we
have made those direct appropriations, as in
the case of the line to Brazil, without success
to the enterprise, and m respect to the line
from San Francisco to China wiihout profitable
results, except in bringing to this country a
labor interest inimical to the general interest
and-progress of the labor interest already exist-
ing here, yet it. is plain that the Government
of the United States should know exactly what
it is doing, and should make its appropria-
tion plainly and directly to the point, and in
money.
it is obvious that, by the development of the
Suez canal, the trade that existed before the
discovery of America is about to resume its
channels then and there known, through India,
in that direction. And right here I desire to
draw the attention of the Senate to this import-
ant point, and it is in reference to the influence
which distinguished men should have in the
advice that they give touching the material
and oilier interests connected with their coun-
try. Robert Stephenson, the greatest engineer
known in English history, set his face against
the possibility of the development of a canal
through and to the Red sea from the Mediter-
lanean, whereby a water communication could
be established from Europe to Asia; and con-
sequently the success and the advantages which
are to giow from that result., instead of being
in the possession of the English Government,
go to France and to Egypt.
William Patterson, who inaugurated the best
financial system that the world has ever seen,
based upon practical and philosophical ideas,
was supervened by the antagonism of the East
India Company when his efforts were to estab-
lish colonial possessions on the part of Great
Britain in the Darien and throughout South
America. Had his views, his advice, and his
wishes been followed, all the conflicts and rev-
olutions which have occurred there in the past
century would have been avoided, and English
civilization and progress would have been given
to all of South America.
We have here a change of commercial pro-
gress from the East to the West, from the
West to the East. I view the inception of this
problem, of this enterprise, and this proposi-
tion as One superlatively of interest to the de-
velopment of our southern States, if it can be
accomplished in a proper way, under proper
regulations, known and understood, not only
by the southern people, font by ourselves.
Now, sir, in the reconstruction of the south-
ern States it is known that from the want of
care on the part of Congress we have permitted
those States to accumulate a great debt which
will be an incumbrance upon those people for
along time. In studying the history of the •
past,, I have been reminded of the expeditions
fitted out from Rome, whereby her generals
levied contributions from the provinces occu-
pied by the forces sent out to possess those ter-
ritories out of which and from which Rome
was subjugated and her liberties destroyed.
It was our duty, it should have been the sub-
ject of our care, to see to it that there should
not be a debt contracted on the part of the
southern States by or through any omission of
our legislation, or through any want of care
devoted to that particular. Instead of that, in
almost every one of those southern States,
there has been accumulated a debt which it will
take generations to overcome.
This bill lias for its foundation the permis-
sion to increase that indebtedness and to in-
crease the burdens upon this population, anxious
as they are to obtain a return of their prosper-
ity, willing to enter into almostany scheme that
may be presented to them. It is the part of
Congress rather to prevent that by special legis-
lation than to facilitate it by legislation of the
character that is presented here to night.
I trust that Congress will now forbear further
alienating from their sway the public lands.
For myself, ten thousand times would I rather
to-night devote money to any object than to
alienate thatwhich in the minds ot many seems
to be worthless, but which will not be worthless
to those who come alter us. They may not
have, they have not to us, perhaps, any con-
siderable value; but in a few years they will
have a value; and those who are to come after
us are as much entitled to the privileges of
those lands, and the rewards of the cultivation
of those lands, as we to-day are entitled to
them from those from whom we have derived
them.
Now, sir, as to the development of our com-
merce, there seems to be, and there is, a mis-
take here and elsewhere, iu the first place, as
to what commerce is ; and, in the second place,
as to the proper manner to develop it. It. is
quite apparent that merely subsidizing lines of
vessels, merely tapping countries with which
we desire to have commercial relations, nei-
ther encourages trade nor brings success to the
enterprise itself; for were it not for the ex-
ceptional contribution of transporting human
beings to San Francisco, the China and San
Francisco line would bean unprofitable enter-
prise. as is the line we have subsidized from
New York to Brazil.
No line can be prosperous, no commerce can
be developed, until we are able to assimilate
our pioduction upon as cheap a scale as those
nations with whom we are called upon to com-
pete. As is well known, and as is shown by
our statistics, we send nothing abroad beyond
that which is produced from tile soil, that, pro-
duction to v.'hich there has not been added one
dollar of increased expense from labor or manip-
ulation through its manuiiictuie or otherwise.
In the whole history of production no nation
has e*7er succeeded m establishing its commer-
cial importance, supremac}', or nrosnerit}' until
it had been able to perfect itself ni manufac-
tures, to perfect, itsMf in the ait of giving en-
hanced value to i: raw material by inanipula-
