3404
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
Mr. WILLIAMS. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. What member of :liig
body knows that the President or anybody ci-.o
lias adjudicated that General Sickles atill holds
a place on the retired list? Nobody is author-
ized to say that. We read the statute. The
Senator seemed to think this otherwise. I do
not know that anybody has the right to say that
the War Department or the Executive has ever
adjudicated or been called upon to adjudicate
that question.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I only know as to Gen-
eral Sickles; and I certainly have no objec-
tion-—
Mr. MORTON. Allow me to suggest to
ray friend from Oregon that if this section is
amended by striking out the words "active
list'' it then applies to all officers^ active and
retired, and makes them all ineligible; does
it not?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Most certainly it does.
Mr. MORTON. Then you strike atall these
officers.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It does not make them
ineligible. It Makes them giva up their, mil-
itary office if they wish, to hold a civil office.
Mr. MORTON. If you adopt the section
as it now stands it makes ineligible officers
on the active list, and leaves the question open
to implication in regard to those on the retired
list; does it not?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask the Senator if he
is not in favor of providing that military officers
upon the active list shall be ineligible to civil
office? Does he not propose to vote for that?
Assuming that he does, then he cannot com-'
plain of those who propose to vote to include
officers upon the retired list for the Teason
that they occupy under the law, as the Senator
from Illinois has demonstrated, so far as mili-
tary authority is concerned, the same position
as officers upon the active ligt. I am in favor
of either providing that all military officers,
without distinction, shall be eligible to civil
office, so as to give every man an equal chance,
so as to enable the Administration to avail
itself of the services of all the military officers
of the country for all purposes, or of adopting
some principle upon the subject and excluding
military men from civil office altogether. The
penalty is no punishment. This section sim-
ply provides that if & military officer accepts
a civil position he loses hia po$itton in the
Army. That is the only consequence—that he
sfcall not hold both offices.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment offered by the Senator from Illi-
nois, upon which the teas and nays'have been
ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 84, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs, Bore man, Buckingham, Casserly,
Chandler, Oole, Conkllng, Corbett, Davis, Bclmund?,
Flanagan, Hamilton of Maryland, -Hamilton or
Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Htxwell, Johnston, KeUogs,
McCreery, McDonald, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pratt,
Ramsey, Ross, Banlsbiirjr, Schuri, Spencer, Bprague,
Stockton, Thayer, Trumbull, Viokexs, Willey, and
Williams—34.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Brownlow, Car-
penter. Cragin, Drake, Fen ton, HoTjarc), Howe, Mor-
ton, Nye. Osborn, Rica, Sawyer, Baott. Sherman,
Stewart, Sumner, Thurman. Tipton, Warner, and
Wilson—22.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Cameron,Cat-
tell. Ferry. Fawler. Gilbert, Harris,: Lewis, Morrill
of Maiqe, Morrill of Vermont, Norton, Ppol, Rovcla,
Robertson, and Yates—1G.
So the amendment to. the amendment was
agreed to. ....
Mr. BUCKINGHAM, I move to amend by
striking onftthe entire fifteenth section. I will
sajc. Mr. President, that I have two objections'
to this section. One is that it reduces the pay
of the General and Lieutenant General of the
Army'. In that respect itis an indication that
we regret having- placed them in the positions
in which wehave.put>them, and regret having
provided for the amount of salary which is
fix«d by law. I do not believe there is any
such regret cr any such repentance on the part
of the people. I believe it is an honor which
belongs to those officers to which they are
entitled, and of whioh we should not deprive
them. I believe that to adopt this section of
the bill would strike a blow at them which
they ought not to receive, and which we ought
not to inflict.
Another objection to the section is that it
provides an increase of pay for other officers
of the Army, amounting, as I understand from
the chairman of the committee, to something
like $700,000 a year. I do not think that in
the present condition of this Government, with
such a debt upon us as we have, and with the
effort which is being made by the Senate to
reduce taxation, we ought to adopt this meas-
ure unnecessarily to increase the public debt.
These are two reasons why I believe thiB sec-
tion should be stricken out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Con-
necticut, to Btrike out the fifteenth section.
Mr. SCHURZ. Mr. President, I hope that
section' will not be stricken out without due
consideration. I believe that the Section as ;
presented to us by the Committee on Military
Affairs introduces a very important reform in
the system of paying our officers. Heretofore
it has been almost impossible to determine
what the pay of an Army officer was. If you
wanted to learn it you had to go not only to
the Paymaster General's office atod make an
inquiry there, but you had to go from one office
to another in order to pick up your information
by little items.
I find in a document before me the pay of a
colonel in the field $2,730, and including pay
proper and commutations. Here is the pay of
a colonel at Washington, $4,146 28. Here is
the pay of a lieutenant colonel in the field,
$2,440 50. . The< pay of a lieutenant oolonel
stationed at Washington is $3,608 02; and so
it goes through the whole list. How does it '■
happen that the pay of an officer at Washington '
is so much larger than the pay of an officer in
the field? The difference accrues from an
increase in the commutation of fuel and quar-
ters which he has here, while he does not enjoy -
the same advantages in the field.
Now, so far as I. am aware, in all other
armies in the world the pay of the officer is
inoreasefl when he goes to take the field in
active service, and it is reduced again when
sewice in the field is over and he goes into
garrison; and I think so it ought to be. Why
is it that there is, as a general thing, so great
an urgency of officers of the Army for employ-
ment here at Washington ? The reason is,
simply, that their dutieshere are easy and pleas-
ant, that they can mingle with civilized society,
and at. the sama time enjoy very great material
advantages. It seems to me, therefore, that the
reform proposed in the bill presented to us by
the Military Committee is a very desirable and
just one. It is just to those officers who perform
the hard and dangerous military duty, while
under the present system those who are in the
field, liable to be killed and to endure dan*
gerous exposure in inhospitable regions, are
laboring under great disadvantage as compared
with those who sit comfortably in their offices:
here in the capital of the country.
I believe there iB no worse system of paying
officers than that which we have at present in
our Army, where nobody caa ascertain but by'
the most difficult process of minute inquiry
what really the pay of an officer is. We hate
a number of major general#, and there are not
any two of them whose pay is the same. Here
ia Major General H. W. Halleck, whose pay
proper is $2,640. ■ The allowances run it up
to $9,862 98. - Here is Major General Meade,
whose pay proper is also $2,640. ; The allow-
ances run it up to $9,342 05. Here Is Major
General Hancock, whose pay proper is the'
same, but whose allowances run it rip to $9,785.
Here is General Schofield, with the same pay
proper, whose allowances make in the aggre-
gate an income of $7,432.
How do these discrepancies arise? From
the circumstance that in some places the quar-
termasters compute the value of quarters, fuel
and forage higher than at other places; a syg'
tem which necessarily gives rise to great irreg-
ularities, and is excessively difficult of over-
sight and control. It may, indeed, be assumed
that thousand and thousands of dollars are
thus paid out without our knowing how, why
and wherefore.
Now, it seems to me that the system pro-
posed in this bill is in every respect preferable.
If we accept, it then we shall know exactly
what the officers of the Army are entitled to
and what they receive. That mystorious net-
work of commutations will cease to confuse
accounts and to puzzle those who want to know
the truth. Then we shall know also that those
who are serving in the field against the Indians
and are braving the hardships of campaign life
are not laboring under any disadvantage as
compared with those who sit comfortably in
their offices at Washington and unite with all
the luxuries of civilized life at the same time
I pay far higher than that which those receive
who do the dangerous work. I therefore earn-
I estly hope the Senate will not reject this sec-
tion without due consideration.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I believe it is in order
to amend the section before it is stricken out.
1 The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to strike out the
; word "quarters," in line forty-one of the fif-
teenth section. The section, it will be seen, is
inconsistent with itself. By the previous lines
of the section, beginning in line thirty-eight, it
is declared that the sums allowed to the differ-
ent officers—
- Shall be In full of all commutation of quarters,
i fuel, forage, grants' wages and clothing, longevity
I rations,.and , 11 allowances of every name and nature
[ whatever.
Then qpmes the proviso;
Provided, That fuel, quarters, and forage in kind
may be issued to officers by the quartermaster's de-
! partment, as now allowed by law and regulations.
After providing that the pay allowed by the
; bill shall be in full of all these things, then the
| proviso declares that fuel, quarters, and forage
m kind may be issued. I can nnderstand why
fuel and forage in kind might be issued. Per-
haps forage ought to be, and fuel also. I do
I not know But that forage for the horse would
[ come under the same regulation as food for the
i soldier; and it? may bo proper to furnish fuel
. in kind, because it would be very expensive
for an officer on the plains sometimes to pro-
vide fuel. It might cost, perhaps, fifty dollars
| a cord. You might allow him fuel and forage;
| but how you are to issue quarters in kind I do
! not understand. This is a provision which will
be beneficial to officers who have quarters here
in Washington, I suppose, in hired houses;
bat I do not think they should be put on any
better terms than the officers who are in the
field, and who will have fio allowance what-
ever for quarters. If I understand this matter
correctly—I am not sure that I do, and the
Senator from Massachusetts will correct me if
I am wrong—■'an officer in the field has no allow-
ance for quarters. Am I right ?
Mr. WILSON. He is furnished fuel and
quarters in kind.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Doe# he have quarters
in the field ?
Mr., WILSON. It depends on Where he is.
■ Mr* TRUMBULL. Supposeheisinatent?
Mr. WILSON. Not in a tent.
Mr, TRUMBULL. He has nothing but a
tent; while' if he were stationed in Washing-
ton he would have a house costing hundreds
of dollars rent. Now, I move to strike out
this word " quartets" in the forty-first line of
the section.
Mf. WILSON. I shall detain the Senate
btit & moment in explanation of this matter.
Let me say to the Senator from Illinois that
striking out the word "quarters" in this sec-
tion would work a great and gross inequality.
The offioers of the line are generally furnished
