4348
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
agreed that in addition to these one hundred
miles it would grant lands to aid this road in
connecting with the other road ?
Mr. HOWARD. Certainly; I think it did.
Mr. YATES. No, sir,
Mr. HOWARD. The company was to re-
ceive bonds only Ibr one hundred miles, bat it
was to receive lands up to the point of junc-
tion with the Eastern Division on itsway to the
one hundredth meridian. I have the statute
before me, and I think the honorable Senator
will find that I am correct in that respect.' At
all events, the Central Branch had the right of
forming a collection with the Eastern Divis-
ion. About that there is no doubt. It is as
plain-as the page on which it is written.
Mr. YATES. I cannot yield further. I do
not want to speak long myself, and I cannot
give way for a speech to be interjected into mine.
What I mean to say is this simply: show me
the equity, the justice, the pledge, the guar-
antee, the covenant of the Congress of the Uni-
ted States, and I will stand by that covenant,
though it takes all the lands in the United
States.
Mr. NYE. ■ Allow me to say one word. By
the original charier this was part of the Union
Pacific railroad ; it had all the rights that either
the Union or Southern branch had. They stood
exactly alike.
Mr. YATES. I happen to understand about
it as well myself as others. The grant of Con-
gress was i'or land in aid of one hundred miles
of railroad, and then, it is true, the bill allowed
it to extend to the Kansas Pacific railroad to
form a junction with the Union Pacitic rail-
road ; but not one particle of legislation ever
said that it should have additional lands. I
do not know the men in this company, and I
am not interested in the question oneparticlc,
because 1 do not know one of the company;
but I say they took these lands for the one
hundred miles of railroad because they antici-
pated the argument of the Senator from Ten-
nessee, that when they had landed nowhere
Congress would take compassion on them and
put them somewhere. That is it.
Now, Mr. President, I do not wish to pro-
long my remarks. There was granted to the
Illinois Central railroad every alternate sec-
tion within sis miles of each side of the rail-
road. Remember that the grant was within
six miles; and then the even sections were in
inaiket at public sale. What for ? Why were
the even sections left? That tl)e settler might
buy, that he might occupy, that all the lands
should not be given away to railroad corpora-
tions and monopolies, that the settler might
have a chance to improve; and the conse-
quence was that on the even sections along
the line of the Illinois Central railroad, pur-
chased at, $2 50 an acre, one of the most en-
terprising portions ot the population ol the
United States settled. There was the sinew
which went all along the lines ol railroad to
Cairo, and thence carried our flag triumph-
antly to the Gulf, and from Cairo to the sea
under the glorious Sherman. The settlers
who bought these even sections became a part
of the bone and sinew of the great Army of
the Republic.
But this bill does not grant six miles on each
side of the railroad ancTleave to the poor set-
tler the even sections. No, sir; the settler
must be driven back from twenty to fifty miles,
must haul his pork, bis corn, his produce,
everything that he raises and cultivates, twenty
miles to a railroad depot. And yet the grant
to the Illinois Central railroad was pronounced
the most mammoth system, it was pronounced
the most magnificent donation and gift that
the world over know. So it was, because the
even sections were not only occupied by set-
tlers, but the lailroad reserved the odd sec-
tions ; and the Senator from Tennessee can-
not buy one of those odd sections to-day at
less than fifteen or twenty dollars an acre.
Butnow you are not going to leave a foothold
for the settler ; he is not to have any home on
these railroad lines.
Railroads, Mr. President, are the pioneers of
civilization, but they must carry with them set-
tlement to be sustained. Formerly our people
went out firstand railroads were built to them,;
but now the railroads go in advance and the
people settle along their borders. Here is an •
instance unparalleled in enormity of a grant of
a belt of land at least forty miles, and wiih the
right to go within five miles on each side, mak-
ing it fifty miles wide, a continuous belt two
hundred and fifty miles long and fifty miles
wide; and the settler who makes railroads, who
makes business, who makes commerce, is to
have no foothold there.
Why, Mr. President, can any man suppose
that under these circumstances a single settler
of the United States would vote thus to give
lands for the construction of railroads ? W ho
is building these railroads? What makes them
valuable ? It is the settler in his log cabin, it
is the man who goes out with plow and hoe to
till the ground, to make it produce, to put pro-
duce upon these railroads to be carried to mar-
ket ; it is the man who goes out to the wilder-
ness to found colleges and schools and institu-
tions of civilization. But pow the interests of
such men must give way to those of the capi-
talists of New York, or Boston, or whoever
chooses to stretch out his iron arm to take in
all that is valuable that belongs to the settler
upon these great domains.
Mr. President, 1 forbear to pursue this sub-
ject; but every principle of justice demands
that the Senate should long consider before it
passes a bill of this character.
Sir. FOWLER. Mr. President, I agree cor-
dially with everything that has been said by the
Senator from Illinois. 1 go even further than
he does. I should never have given one soli-
tary acre of that munificent donation to the
Illinois Central railroad. 1 should have re-
served every acre of it for the settlers. The
road would have been built as soon, it would
have been equally as profitable, and the land
would h%ve been reserved for settlers at rea-
sonable rates. Thus those poor men he has
described so graphically, not only the number
that did get their lands at $2 50 an acre, but
just as many more, could have got lands at a
less rate, and then his State would have had
double the population.
But the grant of lands gives no additional
capital whatever, no additional advantage, ex-
cept the right of dominion to a large incorpor-
ated company; and ] think [ might as well
go and demand from the Government of the
United States a grant of land for the purpose
of building me a house on my farm, or building
me a manufactory. I could claim it from the
Government with the same propriety that a
railroad corporation can claim sucha grant for
constructing its road; for this is an individual
concern, an individual personal interest; it
belongs to an individual company after the
money and after the land have been given to
it; I admit all that.
Mr. YATES. I will ask the Senator how
long he supposes it will be before parallel lines
of road, or nearly parallel, or so close together
as the lines concerned in this measure are, will
be one grand monopoly, all under one head ?
That is the history of this countiy in regard to
railroads.
Mr. FOWLER. That is precisely what I
think, and precisely the idea I have endeav-
ored to inculcate from the beginning. But,
nevertheless, the Government of the United
States in this case has pledged its faith, and I
would not, so long as I am a member of this
body, have it pledge its word and violate it. I
would at least have the Government tell the
truth ; and its good faith is worth far more to
its citizens and to the world at large than all
the land it possesses and all the gold that it may
have. Everything rests and reposes in its good
faith; and the moment that is violated, for
one, I hope to see it sink into destruction. When
the day comes that the Government cannot be
trusted, when its solemn laws cannot be relied
on, it is time that the business should close
out. I believe, for one, that it did plight its
fatyh to this company by the grant of land, and
tho grant of bonds heretofore made, and there-
fore, it should fulfill it.
Now, sir, I shall read one or two sections,
and then close. I will first read section thir-
teen of the act of 1862, that has already been
referred to by the Senator from Kentucky:
"And be it further enacted. ThattheHannibal and
St. Joseph Kailroad Company of,Missouri may
extend its roads from St. Joseph, via Atchison, to
connect and unite with the road through Kansas,
upon filing its assent to the provisions of this act,
upon the same terms and conditions, in all respects,
for one hundred miles in length next to the Missouri
river, as are provided in this act for the construction
of tho railroad and telegraph line first mentioned,
and may for this purpose use any railroad ehartcr
■which has been or may be granted by tlie Legisla-
ture of Kansas: Provided, That if actual survey
shall render it desirable, the said company mny con-
struct their road, with the consent of the Kansas
Legislature, on the mostdirect andpracticabJe route
west from St. Joseph, Missouri, so as to connect antl
unite with the road leading from the western bound-
ary of Iowa at any point east of the one hundredth
meridian of west longitude, or with the main trunk
road at said point."
Thus most manifestly the law did allow them
a connection at the initial point of the Union
Pacific railroad.
"But in no event shall lands or bonds be given to
said company, as herein directed, to aid in the con-
struction of their said road for a greater distance
than one hundred miles. And the Leavenworth,
i'awnee, andWestern llailroadCompany, ofKansas,
may construct their road from Leavenworth to unite
with tho road through Kansas."
Thus this Central Branch was to have a
connection with the initial point of the Union
Pacific road, but their road was to connect with
the Southern or Kansas road at a point one
hundred miles distant from their initial point.
The sixteenth section of the act of July 2,
1804, is:
"Sec. 10. And be it further enacted,, That at any
timo alter the passage of this act all of the railroad
companies named herein, and assenting heroto, or
any two or reore of them, are authorized to form
themselves into one consolidated company; notice
of such consolidation, in writing, shall be filed in the
Department of the Interior, and such consolidated
company shal I thereafter proceed to construct said
railroad and branches and telegraph line upon the
terms and conditions provided in this act."
Thus this road was to be consolidated with
the Southern Branch road, and then to make
its terminus at the initial point of the Union
Pacific road. I have stated that, and I have
also read the seventh section of the act of 1864,
which provides that if any one of these roads
consolidate with another, shall fail to make the
connection, the other road which is willing to
do it. shall not be deprived of the rights and
privileges of connection under the law.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Shermax] to the original bill, which
is to insert the words "the odd-numbered sec-
tions of public lands," in the thirtieth line.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 19, noes 21.
Mr. SHERMAN called forthe yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. THURMAN. I should like to have the
amendment reported, or rather the bill, as it
would read if amended.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to my col-
league that my amendment confines the selec-
tions to the odd-numbered sections.
Mr. THURMAN. Excluding the even-
numbered sections ?
Mr. SHERMAN.
Mr. THURMAN.
know.
Mr. HOWARD. It would probably destroy
the utility of the bill.
Mr. HARLAN. I should be inclined to vote
for the amendment if the Senator would agree
to adopt an additional amendment, the effect
of which would be to give this company a mar-
gin of ten miles on each side of the present
Yes, sis.
That is all I desire to
