1870.
THfi CJONORESSIOKAL GLOBE.
1517
VALT.KJ0 AND HUMBOLDT RAILROAD.
Mr. JOHNSON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (II. R. No. 1323) granting
lands to the State of California to aid in the
construction of a railroad and telegrapli line
from the city of Yall^jo to Humboldt bay? in
tlie State of California; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
CONNECTICUT KIVKR.
Mr. STRONG, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved. That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of improv-
ing tbo Connecticut rivor, as recommended in Colonel
Houston's report, transmitted to this House by the
Secretary of War on the 6th day of February, 1868.
HARBOR OK RKFCGK ON LAKH HURON.
Mr. CONGER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a joint resolution (II. R. No. 172)
providing for survey and estimates of cost of
construction of a harbor of refuge on Lake
Huron, in the State of Michigan ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
BRIDGE ACROSS NIAGARA RIVER.
Mr. BENNETT. I ask unanimous consent
to report from the Committee on Commerce,
for consideration at the present time, a bill to
authorize the construction and maintenance of
a bridge across the Niagara river.
Mr. FITCH. It might occupy time, and I
cannot yield for that purpose.
ENFORCEMENT 0¥ LAW3 IN UTAH.
The House resumed the consideration of the
hill (H. R. No.1089) reported from the Com-
mittee on the Territories in aid of the execu-
tion of the laws in the Territory of Utah, and
for other purposes.
Mr. FITCH. Mr. Speaker, that the provis-
ions of this bill reported by the Committee on the
Territories, rigidly enforced, would put an end
to polygamy iii Utah is intrinsically probable.
That the destruction of polygamy is a wise and
laudable purpose may be readily conceded]
and if such destruction were all thatis involved
it would be my duty to advocate this measure
instead of opposing it; but knowing something
of the Mormon country, and somethingmore of
the peculiar character and motives of the peo-
ple inhabiting that country, I am impelled to
the conviction that this bill, if enforced as law,
would provoke consequences most prolific of
misfortune and entail results altogether unap-
prehended.
Among these results may be included, first,
the temporary obstruction, if not the complete
destruction, of the great overland railroad.
Next, Utah would be returned to the desolate-
ness which once reigned supreme upon her soil.
Again, the growing industries of a vast country
would be checked, and the development of the
Pacific coast seriously retarded. Beyond all
this, thousands of brave men would be slain,
and millions of treasure expended. Notwith-
standing the opinions of tnft gentlemen who
appeared before the Territorial Committee, I
fear that the people of Utah would regard the
passage of this bill as a declaration of war, and
would prepare with all the fury and earnestness
and zeal of fanatics to enter upon a contest most
bitter, protracted, and bloody. The result of
such a contest no man can doubt. One hundred
and forty thousand people, however self-sns-
taining, however isolated, however favored by
position and circumstances, could not maintain
themselves against the power of the Govern-
ment. The Mormons would be exterminated
or driven out of Utah. But, with polygamy
thus destroyed, adultery thus delocalized, con-
cubinage thus scattered, with virtue and deso-
lation reigning supreme in a waste where only
the jargon of the savage disturbed the stillness,
the rebuking verdict of a tax-burdened people
would be that the result accomplished was not
worth the sacrifice involved.
I agree with the distinguished gentleman
from Illinois, the chairman of the Committee
on the Territories, that we ought not to shrink
from the expense of a just and necessary war,
waged for an adequate cause. But I ask gen-
tlemen now the question, With which the coun-
try will vex them when through the operations
of this bill a Mormon war shall have been
precipitated upon us: what is there iii such
a contest appealing to either the judgment,
the conscience, or the patriotism of the peo-
ple ? Does it not lack all the elements which
inspire men to go forth to battle ? I am not
unmindful of the deep disgrace to the nation
that the barbarous social practices of the
Asiatic should be unblushingly pursued among
a Saxon people iti this noon of the nineteenth
century. I condemn this folly of the Mormon
creed. I am filled with amazement and pity
at the voluntary degradation of the Mormon
women. I compassionate While I abhor that
spirit, be it a spirit of sensuality or of sacrifice,
which ignores and repudiates that holiest itn-
pulse of our nature, that sweetest gift of God,
that sacred passion which no man can feel at
once for two women, Which no woman can
entertain fbr him she does not believe to be
exclusively her owu.
But the question we consider is a practical
and not a sentimental one, and we must deal
with facts as they exist. This polygamic com-
munity has been nursed into strength by the
tolerance of this Government. We have given
them title to their lands ; we have recognized
them in Various ways; we have permitted
them without intetferenee or Warning to col-
lect adherents and gain recruits from all parts
of Europe. Their numbers have swelled be-
yond our apprehensions. History nowher6
makes mention of a colony of equal age more
industrious, more united, more powerful, or
more self-sustaining. They have towns con-
taining thousands of people, with newspapers
and telegraph lines, factories and founderies
hundreds of miles south of Salt Lake City.
They are industrious, thrifty, temperate; they
are free from every vice comparatively, except
polygamy, and that according to thgjr creed is
no vice, but a religious duty.
They believe in their faith as deeply as the
Mohammedan believes m his Koran or the
Christian in the Crucifixion of his. Redeemer.
Assail that faith With armies andyou will con-
solidate and strengthen and infuse them With
more ardent zeal. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. CuixOm] believes that they will make no
resistance. Sir, have they faced the storm and
the savage, the desert and disease, to be turned
from their tenets or driven from their convic-
tions by an act of Congress ? Would any senti-
ment less earnest than passionate, zealous,
fanatical belief have induced a people to go
to such a distance from the centers of civiliza-
tion ; to accept such contumely and undergo
such sacrifices and such toil ? Gentlemen are
in error if they suppose that no other purpose
than unbridled indulgence in gross animal
sensualism carried the Mormons to a life of
privation and labor in Utah. If such alone
had been their purpose perhaps they might
have achieved it at less cost, less effort, and
less unpleasant notoriety, without crossing the
Mississippi river. The tree of degraded sen-
suality does not bear the frnits of thrift and
industry and temperance.
I do not intend to apologize for theunlawful
acts of that people, but I desire that the House
shall understand exactly what we will under-
take if we pass this bill. If it is attempted to
enforce its provisions there will be war. If it
is enacted as a law thefre will be extensive
preparations for war. Iknow that such is not the
opinion of the witnesses upon whose testimony
the committee have predicated their action.
But I appeal to the judgment of gentlemen, I
appeal to that history which some one has well
said is "philosophy teaching by example,"
if it if" not probable that a people who believe
in their religion as devoutly as do the Mormons
will fight, and if need be die in the effort to
preserve it from annihilation ; and so determ-
ined, shall we expect them to await our action
or hope that they will postpone hostilities until
the first company of the forty thousand troops
provided lor in this bill can reach even the
borders of Utah? Sir, they are a practical peo-
ple. Independently of their peculiar religious
views they are perhaps the most practical peo-
ple on earth. They have made social science
a study; their industries are coiiperative ; their
self-abnegation and voluntary submission to
discipline are unparalleled; their organization
and aptitude for toil are only equaled by the
honey-makers, whose dwelling-place and whose
habits furnish the symbol and the motto for
their territorial coat of arms—abee-hive, with
the legend,By industry we thrive."
As I stated before, they would regard the
passage of this bill as a declaration of war, and
panoplied by a purpose only less dear to them
than life itself they will hasten to fortify and
provision and arm themselves. They will
promptly proceed to cut off all means of com-
munication with the outside world. With their
facilities for organization they could destroy
; hundreds of miles of the great overland rail-
road in a week. They could maintain a con-
test fbr months, perhaps for years. Of course
we could finally conquer them, because we
I could exterminate them. But it would cost us
I millions upon millions of treasure; it would
cost us thousands upon thousands of lives ; it
would cost us the interruption of that travel
which is permanently growing in importance,
and which promises, if undisturbed, to fulfill
the dream of Columbus and make America a
new highway to the Indies.
Sir, the suppression of polygamy would be
purchased at too great a cost. I appreciate
the argument of the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Ccxlom] that the honor of the nation
ahould be preserved at whatever risk, and the
majesty of its laws vindicated at whatever cost.
These are heroic sentiments, and claim a share
of our reverence whenever we may deem that
the honor of the nation is in jeopardy. But I
conceive that the moral exigencies of Utah
call for no «uch squandering of blood and treas-
ure is seems to be involved in the conditions
of this bill. Polygamy, while it is bad enough,
offers no challenge except to the educated sen-
timents of a people. It makes no interference
with the controlling power, nor asks the nation
to be responsible for its existence, its advance-
ment, or its destiny. It assails no human right;
it assaults no human privilege.
If the question of national unity or human
freedom were involved I would stand here, as
did the Representatives of the people in the
Thirty-Seventh and Thirty-Eighth Congresses,
and vote money in countless millions and men
in numberless hordes. But this is a "question
of no considerable importance afc least, though
we have sometimes sought td retake it appear
so. It represents a religious megrim which
has assumed an obnoxious form, but which
contains the elemenfa of its own destitution,
which interferes at least with the tastes and
prejudices rather than the interests of man-
kind, and which does not rise to the dignity
of a political question. It is simply the case
of a handful of men and women who ehoose to
govern themselves in their own way, and who,
with one odious exception rtiore grievous to
themselves than to us, seem to have made of
their method an undoubted success. We might
make diligent search to find a community more
peaceful, industrious,- or thrifty than these
Mormons. We might look in vain elsewhere
than in Utah for cities without a brothel or
gaming-house.
Polygamy and slavery have sometimes been
called " twin relies of barbarism." That was
I a taking phrase in the Chicago platform of
1856. It had a resonant chime ; it made a
good rallying cry. But while pOfygamy and
slavery may have been twin relics of bar-
barism in the sense that they were of equal
