1810.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
503
41st Cons....2d Sess.
Franking Privilege—Mr. Carpenter.
Senate.
gurated which will paralyze independent, indi-
vidual action in Congress, and mislead the public
mind, whenever it is for the interest of a few
to do so. It is true, that a Senator who pos-
sesses wealth may set himself right with his
constituents; but all others must fold their
hands and submit to their fate.
The Senator from Missouri [Mr. Dbake] has
offered an amendment in utter conflict with
the spirit of the bill, providing that newspapers
in certain cases shall be transmitted free of
postage. I shall vote for this amendment pre-
cisely for the reason that it is in conflict with the
principle of the bill itself. I shall not vote for
it, however, upon the ground assigned by that
Senator. He said the people had petitioned
Congress to abolish the franking privilege, by
which they meant the right of a Senator to
send a newspaper or other matter through the
mail free of postage by simply indorsing his
name upon it. But if it be -wrong to allow one
man to send a newspaper free of postage by
an indorsement of his name, I do not see why
another man should have the right to send a
newspaper free of postage without indorsing
his name. It is manifest that there is no prin-
ciple common to this bill and amendment.
Why do you propose to pass this bill? Our
worthy leader in this "great reform," with a
frankness that is characteristic of him and
becoming to any Senator, answers, because
by the present system letters are made to bear
the expense of carry ing the documents. That is
so, and our leader says it is unjust. He says
the man who receives a letter ought to pay
only for the expense of carrying the letter.
Well, sir, if this be a sound reason, does it not
apply to a newspaper as well as to a document ?
I receive letters, for instance, but no news-
papers. The principle of this bill is that I
ought to pay no more than the expense of
carrying my letters, and that I ought not to pay
for transmitting anything else; if so, then I
ought not to pay for transmitting newspapers
more than documents.
Mr. President, ever since I was a boy I have
heard it said that the Post Office Department
ought to be self-sustaining ; but T have never
yet, so far as I recollect, heard any man say
why it should be so. The War Department is
not self sustaining, nor is the Navy Depart-
ment, nor the State Department, nor any other
Department, of the Government. We do not
hesitate to appropriate fifteen or twenty million
dollars to the War or Navy Department, but
the fact that $5,000,000 have to be appropriated
to the Post Office Department, the only De-
partment which is engaged m disseminating
intelligence, in a country whose Government
rests upon intelligence only, is a great evil and
calls for great reform.
I want to send a merchant vessel through
the Mediterranean sea, and I am fearful it may
be attacked by pirates olf the Barbary coast.
I represent this fact to the Government, and a
man-of-war is sent to protect my merchant ves-
sel ; but I am not required to stamp the man-
of-war or contribute a shilling toward its ex-
pense. The Constitution has made it the duty
of the Government to regulate, and regulation
includes the protection of commerce.^ This
being a duty ot the Government, it is performed
and charged to the general Treasury.
The peopleof a county in some western State
on the border of civilization fear an incursion
by the Indians ; they appeal to the Government
for protection ; a regiment is marched to hold
over our remotest settlements the protection of
the Government. Butthe expense of this is not
charged upon the people who are immediately
benefited by it. TheTreasnry bears the expense,
because the protection of its people is the duty
of the Government.
A citizen having received an injury to his pri-
vate estate appeals to the court for redress ; but
the salary of the judge is not levied upon the
suitor. It is the duty of the Government to
administer justice, all the people are interested
that every man should obtain his private right,
and so the whole people pay the expense of
building court-houses and compensating tho
judges.
The Constitution provides that Congress shall
have power to establish post offices and post
roads. Apart from the history of the postal
service prior to the adoption of the Constitu-
tion, and the subsequent action which has given
a practical construction to the Constitution, I
think a very good argument might be made
against the power of the Government to mo-
nopolize the business of carrying mails; in
other words, the power to establish post offices
and post roads, which would simply be a power
to designate the routes over which mails might
be carried, and the places in the different cities
and towns where mail matter should be depos-
ited for distribution, would be entirely consist-
ent with the right of any and every citizen to
carry mails upon such routes and between such
offices, for such rates of compensation as might
be agreed upon. This would be akm to the
power of Congress over commerce. The Gov-
ernment may regulate commerce as it is car-
ried on, but may not embark in commerce as
a trader or otherwise. Therefore the power
to establish post offices and post roads, and
even an express power, which, by the way, is
not expressly conferred by the Constitution, to
regulate the carrying of the mails, would not
draw to the Government a monopoly in the
business of mail-carrying. It would simply
confer upon the Government power to regu-
late a business carried on, as commerce is, by
private enterprise.
But the practice of the Government under
the Constitution has given to that instrument
a construction in this particular from which
there is no appeal at this late day ; and the
Constitution, read in the light of anterior his-
tory and subsequent practice, must be consid-
ered as providing that Congress shall have
power to establish post offices and post roads,
and to provide for carrying the mails. And
bearing in mind that wherever the Government
has a power it owes the corresponding duty to
execute that power, the carrying of the mails
becomes a clear governmental duty, and the
expense of transmitting the mails from Wash-
ington to New York is as legitimate a charge
upon the national Treasury as is the erection
of a post office in either of those places. And
I challenge any Senator, upon this construction
of the Constitution—which is not my construc-
tion, but the one forced upon us by the unin-
terrupted and unquestioned proceedings of the
Government under the Constitution—to state
any reason why an individual should be taxed
for the transmission of a letter and not for the
erection of a post office; and Icliallengeany Sen-
ator to give reasons why the governmental duty
of carrying letters should be charged upon the
individuals immediately benefited which would
not equally apply to the other governmental
dutiesof protecting our commerce frotn pirates
and our settlements from savages. If it be
not a governmental duty, imposed by the Con-
stitution, to carry the mails, then the Gov-
ernment has no right to carry them ; and ll it
lias such right, and owes such duty, then the
expense of performing the duty should be
defrayed from the general Treasury.
My esteemed friend, the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Thdrman,] suggests to me another illus-
tration, and that is the common school system,
a happy illustration of the whole subject. An old
man whose school-boy days are far in the past,
and who lias no children, might ask why he
ought to be taxed to educate another man's
children. The answer is, that educating the
young is one of the duties of the State, and he,
a component part of the State, must contribute
to the general treasury which must bear the
expense. This is a fortunate illustration,
because the schools and the post office con-
tribute to the same end and perform like offices.
The Post Office is, as the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Sxjmnek] has so happily styled
it, the great schoolmaster of the Republic.
There is no principle which can justify the
taxing of a man to support common schools
who has no special or personal interest in them,
or for the protection of our commerce, or the
protection of our settlements on the Indian
borders, that would not justify you in taxing
him to defray the expense of carrying the
mails, though he might never receive a letter.
But, Mr. President, our present impulse, the
absorbing desire of the present hour, which
must silence reason and trample on principle,
is for retrenchment and economy. It is there-
fore not quite safe to rest the opposition to
this bill upon mere principle opposed to pecun-
iary interest. After showing that duty demands
a certain lino of conduct, it is humiliating to be
compelled to show that our pecuniary interests
do not conflict with the obligations of duty; but
in our present fever for retrenchment this hu-
miliation must be borne. So I come to the igno-
ble question, what can we make by violating
our duty? The contracts for carrying the mails
for the next four years for nearly one half of
the country have, as I understand, just been
let. Of course no deduction will be made on
those contracts if this bill should pass, so that
not a dollar is to be saved for the next four
years by depriving the people in our western
States and Territories of the privilege of re-
ceiving, without postage, public documents
from their Representatives in Congress. And
I do not believe that, when the contracts shall
hereafter be let, bids for carrying the mails
will be made smaller, if this bill should pass.
On the great trunk routes frotn this city to
Boston, and westtoSt. Louis, it might make a
slight difference ; but after you leave the great
railroad lines, and strike the rivulets of the
mail service, in the sparsely-settled portions
of the country, not a cent would be saved.
But it is suggested that if this bill should be
passed Congress will publish no more docu-
ments for distribution, and that, money would
be saved by suspending such publication. It
comes, then, simply to this, that you are to
save the expense of publishing documents by
not publishing them. If this be a sound prin-
ciple of economy you may proceed with it ad
libitum. You may save the expense of Con-
gress by not having a Congress; you may save
the entire expense of the Post Office Depart-
ment by abolishing that Department; and you
may save the expense of Government altogether,
and the expense of all the charitable institu-
tions, and of all the laborious Mid costly
methods by which modern civilization seeks to
elevate and refine tho character of man, by
abolishing all, and returning to anarchy and
barbarism.
Mr. President, the country has just emerged
from such a war as no other nationality ever
survived. I was not in Congress during those
years; but I was with the people, frequently on
the stump, and I can testily to the benefits of
the franking privilege in those dark and peril-
ous years. It is my honest belief that the
Union party could not have been kept in
power, nor the people held up to the support
of the Government through the war, but for
the flood of intelligence and patriotic appeals
which was poured over the country as free mail
matter. In that period of excitement every-
thing that was received was read, and read by
everybody. The people were thus educated,
stimulated, and strengthened for such efforts
and such sacrifices as no nation ever made
before. It is not extravagant, in my belief,
to say that the franking privilege contributed
more than any one agency to guide our people
through the gloom and save this Government.
