1870.
THE CONGRESSFONAL GLOBE.
4349
Hmits of the grant within which to select defi-
ciencies.^ X call the attention of the Senator
from Ohio to the suggestion.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is an amendment
to another part of the bill. I have no objec-
tion to the Senator offering it, and I shall have
no objection to it when offered.
Mr. THUIbMAN, That would have to be
offered as a separate proposition.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr. 1HURMAN. Whenever we come to
that j hope it will not be adopted.
J ho VICK PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Shekiun.]
The question being taken by yeaa and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 23; as follows:
Thurman, Ti-umbull, Viekcrs^Vlflcy"WillonTlmei
Yates—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Boreman, Brownlow, Buck-
ingham, Chandler. Ferry, Hamilton of Texas, How-
ard, Johnston, Kellogg, McDonald, Morrill of Maine,
Nye, Pomeroy, Pool, Ramsey, Eioe, Seott, Stewart,
Stockton, Sumner, Tipton, and Warner—23.
ABSF1NT—Messrs.Abbott, Bayard, Oameroii,Car-
penter, Cnsserly, Cattell, Conkling, Oorbett, Cragin,
Drake, Edmunds, Kenton, Flanagan, Fowler.Gilbert,
Hamilton of Maryland, Harlan, Howe, Lewis, Mor-
ton, Norton, Patterson, Pratt, Hovels, Robertson,
Saulsbury, Sawyer, Thayer, and Williams—-9.
So the amendment was rejected.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The next ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Kansas [Mr. Ross] to the amendment of the
committee, to insert in the seventy-second line,
after the words "United States," the words
'•'designated by odd numbers."
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected—ayes fifteen, noes not counted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. FOWLER, (whenhis name was called.)
I am paired with the Senator from Alabama,
[Mr. Spencer.]
The result was announced—yeas 30, nays 9;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Borcman, Brownlow, Buck-
ingham, Chandler. Fetiy. Hamilton of Texas, Ham-
lin, Harlan, Harris, Howard, Johnston, Kellogg,
McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Nyc, Osboin, Pottie-
roy, l'ool, Piamsey, Rice, llo'S, Scott, Slewait,
Stockton, Sumner, Tipton, Trumbull, Warner, and
Wilson—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Davis, IIowcll, MeCreery, Morrill
of Vermont, Sherman, Sprague, Thayer, Vickers,
and Yates—9. ^
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony. Bayard,
Cameron, Carpenter, Casserly, Cattcll, Cole, Conk-
ling, Corbett, Cragin, Drake, Edmunds, Fenton,
Flanagan, Fowler, Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland,
Howe, Lewis, Morton, Norton, Patterson, Pratt,
Kevels, Robertson, Saulsbuiy, Sawyer, Schtu-z, Spen-
cer, Thurman, Willey, and Williams—IB.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Kansas [Mr. Roas] to the sixteenth
line of the original text. Does the Senator
insist on that amendment?
Mr. NYE. I suppose lie will withdraw it.
Mr. ROSS. I insist upon it, and ask for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope it will be reported.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was pending,
but reserved until the committee's amendment
should be acted upon.
The Chiei? Clerk. The amendment is_ in
the sixteenth and seventeenth lines, to strike
out the words " Union Pacific railroad at any
point notfurther west than the hundredth me-
ridian of west longitude," and in lieu thereof
to insert:
St Joseph and Denver City railroad,at thonorth-
ern boundary of the State of Kansas, within sa.d
State; and also,if it so elect,wilh the lvansasPacil,e
railroad at ornear the town of Ellsworth; such elec-
tion to bo made and indicated to the Secretary ol
the Interior within three months after toe passage
of this act.
Mr. HARLAN. That does not give them a
connection with the Union Pacific at all.
Mr. ROSS. It does give them a connection
with the Union Pacific road by way of the St.
Joseph and Denver road, which has a grant,
and will be constructed to Port Kearny. It
unites those two roads, and makes it a con-
tinuous road, not only from Kearny to Atchi-
son, but also from Kearny to St. Joseph. This
amendment is in pursuance of the original
charter of this company, which requires that
it shall have the consent of the Kansas Legis-
lature before it can go out of the State with its
road. It has never got that consent.
Mr. Til URMAN. f hope the Senate will
pay to this amendment the attention it deserves.
If this amendment be adopted, there will be as
perfect a connection as there would be if this
Central Branch should be built pursuant to
this bill; and the Government will save more
than a million acres of land. That is the effect
of adopting this amendment. It is true there
will not be two roads running parallel to
each other, oftentimes within live or six miles
of cach other, and vety seldom, if over,
more than fourteen or fifteen miles from each
other. There will not bo that; but the whole
trade, the whole business accommodated just
as well as if you pass this bill, and the Grov-
crnmeut will savo a million acres of land ; and
the public faith, too, of which we hear so much
talk as due to this company, will be fully pre-
served.
It is said that there is some sort of faith,
an indefinite promise to this company that
it -should have a connection with the Union
Pacific; not that it was intended that it should
be built to the Union Pacific road in the first
instance, but that it should unite with some
other road that was to unite with the Union
Pacific. It was to unite with the Kansas Pacific,
not to bo an independent road all the way to
the Union Pacific, but it was to run into some
one of the branches of the Union Pacific.
Now, the amendment olfeied by the Senator
from Kansas [Mr. Ross] does run it into a
bianeh of the Union Pacific, and, as X said
before, accommodates ail the business, all the
trade, all the travel, all the interests that will
be accommodated by this bill, if it shall pass,
and will save to this Government a million acres
of land.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator lrotn Kan-
sas, [Mr. Ross,]
ilr. TIlUItMAN. fill that I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays wore ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 12, nays CO ; as follows ;
YEAS—Messrs. Davis, MeCreery, O-born, Ross,
Sherman,Spencer, Sprague, Th-tyer, Tliurmah, Vick-
ers, Willcy, and V ates—12.
ISAiS—A[e-M>. Ames, Anthony. Brownlow, Buek-
inaliani, Chandler, Cole, Forry, Gilbert, Haoiilton
ol' Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Harris, Howard, John-
si on, Kellogg, McDonald. Morni of Maine, Morrill
of Vcrmoni, Nye, Pomeroy, Pool, il-tnisoy, Itiee,
Scott, Stewa.it, Sumner, Tipton, Trumbull, Warnei,
and Wilson—i
ABSLNX—-W •: -- r ;. Abboi.t.Baviu-d, Borenio n,Cam-
eron, 0:n pooler, C iv-er!y, Cuttcll, ConMmg, Oorbett,
Ciagin, Drake, Ldmunds, Fenton, Flanagan, 1: ow-
ler, Hamilton o! Maiylnnd, lloivo, Howell, Lewi ,
Morton, Norton. Patterson, Pialt, Hovels, Hubert-
son, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Sehttrz, Stockton, and Wil-
liams—30.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 ask to make a verbal
correction. On page 2, line twelve, I move to
amend by striking out the word "company,"
so that it will read " to a connection with the
Union Pacific railroad," instead of "connec-
tion with the Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection to that modification. The bill
will be so amended.
Mr. THAYER. J submit the following
amendment ;;s an additional scciion:
A;m' le i' An titer rriactcd, That this grant shall not
apply to i-uy land* m the State of Nebraska.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. TIPTON. I have an amendment to
come in at the end of the first section;
And pwvided. That from the point where said
k°no-L Pacific railroad shall enter
the btatc of -Nebraska., if the same shall thdn enter
the valley of the licpublican river, said road shall
leave said valley at th© nearest practicable point and
not further than twenty-five miles distant from the
Ijomt where said road shall enter said vanes', and
thonco proceed m the most direct praotieable.route
to the valley ol the Platte river.
Mr. HOWARD. I think that ought to be
left to the company. I arn a little afraid of
adopting such an amendment. It might not
be consistent with the public interests. I would
prefer to leave it, to the interests of the com-
pany. I do not know what, reason the Senator
may have to urge for it, though.
Mr. TIPTON. I have this reason: that
unless such a proviso is put in the bill this road
might monopolize for ono hundred miles all the
land in the Republican valley, (which is in the
direct line east and west of the Brownville road
that I represent on the floor of the Senate,) not
going northward at all, but tarrying in the val-
ley tdl the lauds were all monopolized, and
then passyiff leisurely to the Union Pacific;
and in order to give satisfaction that they shall
not attempt t  do that, I have offered this
amendment. It- is part of the understanding
written down between the friends of the two
bills.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well; if the Senator
from Nebraska asks to have it inserted as a
local necessity of his own State I do not know
that 1 shall object.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ROSS. In the sixth and seventh lines
I move to strikeout the words "assignee of
the Jlannibal and St. Joseph Railroad Com-
pany."
Mr. POMEROY. T do not understand the
object, of that. This is a matter of fact, and
the Covernment has recognized it and issued
bonds on it.
Mr. ROSS. T suggest that that is a disputed
point.
Mr. HOWARD. These are words of de-
scription ; they are not binding or concltisivo
on any party.
Air. ROSS. This bill assumes to legalize
an assignment, the legality of which is denied;
and I question very seriously whether it is
proper lu this bill to exercise such a power. I
move to strike out those words.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WAIINER. 1 offer the following amend-
ment, lo eoine in as sectiun'three, previous to
the last section ;
And bo it fi'i-lher eivicicd, Xh.itlhclands grantedby
this act shall be sold only to actual settlers in quan-
tities not exceeding one hundred and sixty acres to
ono person, and at a price not oxcecding- *2 50 pet-
acre.
Mr. DAVIS and Mr. SPENCER called for
the yeas and nays, and they were ordered ; and
being taken, resulted—yeas 10, nays '21, as
follows ,-
YHAS-—Messrs. Brownlow, Pjoekingham. Davis,
Fowler, Gilbert, llni-lan, Harris, Howell, MeCreery,
Sehtir/, Sherman, Spencer, Ss i:iguevTliui-man, Tip-
ton. Vickers, Warrior, Willcy. and Yites—VI.
NAYS—.Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Chandler, Cole,
Ferry, Hamilton ot Texas, Hamlin, Howaid, John-
ston, Kellogg. McDonald, Monill of M,tine, Morrill
of Vermont, Nye, 0.0-01:, Pomeroy, l-'ool, it irasov,
llice, Scott, Stewart, Sutnner, Thayer, and Trum-
bull-.: I.
AB3LNX—Messrs. Abbott, Btyard, Boreman,
Cameron, Carpenter, Oaori.\, Catlell, Conkling.
(Jorbe't, Cragin. Drake, Fldmonds, Fenton, i-'lana-
p-an, Hamilton ot Mai: land, 11 owe, Lewis, M"rton,
Norton, Patterson, Pvalt, Revels.^ itobertsou, tv-'-s,
Saul--bury, Sawyer, Stockton, Williams, raid Wil-
son—2t).
So the amendment was not agieed to.
Mr. HOWELL. In order to prevent a per-
manent monopoly of these lands 111 the hands
of the railroad company, I move that all I he
lands unsold three years after the completion
of the road shall be sold at $1 25 an acre, the
same piovision that is in the Umou l aemc
railroad bill. . , , ,
Mr. POMEROY. That is exactly toe la.v
now. This bill saya that the lands are sr.ititod
