1970.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3405
with tuel aud quarters. All our forts and all
our military stations have quarters for officers
;ui<! thoir families. Take Fortress Monroe, !
L'ort Leavenworth. tin J all the forts and mil-
;:arv stations of the country, and there the
Government has provided quarters, and fur-
nishes those quarters to the officers and their
Guaihcs; and many of the officers have their
fanvhes there, and are furnished wiih fuel and
ijuarters there. But if one of those officers of
;!.o line is detailed on special duty, say for
recruiting purposes, and sent perhaps to Chi-
cago i" the Senator's State, the Government
has no quarters there for him. Instead of
hiring quarters, the policy has been to com-
mute for quarters; allowing a certain sum
instead of hiring quarters for the officers.
Take the case of a captain stationed at Fort-
ress Monroe or Fort Leavenworth, where he
has fuel and quarters furnished by the Govern-
ment, and has his wife and perhaps children
with him. He is ordered to go to some other
part of the country where the Government has
ho quarters—to go to New York, or Philadel-
phia. or Chicago. The Government has no
quarters for him there, no station. Then, if
he is not furnished with quarters, what is his
condition? He has got to take himself there,
and his family with him; take his furniture or
sell it at a large loss; and instead of being fur-
nished with fuel and quarters he has got to
furnish fuel and quarters for himself; he is a
ruined officer.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let me inquire of the
Senator, is he any worse off than ne would be
if he were ordered to active service on the
plains?
Mr. WILSON. I suppose nearly four fifths
of all the officers are furnished with fuel and
quarters in kind. Many of them are stationed
where we can furnish them. We have stations
over the country that have cost this Govern-
ment hundreds of thousands and millions of
dollars; stations where we furnish quarters for
officers, and furnish them with fuel. If we
order an officer to leave one of these places
and go into an Indian campaign, we furnish a
house for him if we can find it auywhere, or
barracks, or erect temporary barracks, or give
him a tent. That is campaign work, and can-
not be helped. Let me tell the Senator that
we have furnished officers fuel in kind where
it has cost this Government $100 for a cord of
wood. In many places we have to purchase
wood at enormous rates because they draw it
in kind. .
Take the case of the staff officers in this ■
city. I know there is a feeling against them.
We have fifty members of Congress who have
served in the field and rendered good service.
I appreciate their services highly ; but some-
how or other they have got the idea into their
heads—I do not know how they got it there—
that they did all the work in the war. Why,
sir, there are men in these offices in this city
who worked five honrs to their one, and I
think ten to theit- one, who toiled day and
night. Take men like Meigs and Rucker; men
who handled the quartermaster's department
as the world never saw a quartermaster's de-
partment handled before; who took np armies !
id one part of this broad land and hurled them
in a few days at another and. distant point. The i
achievements of the quartermaster's depart-
ment during the war exceeded anything re-
corded in the history of military movements.
The great movements of Napoleon were child's
play alongside of them. We had a great num-
ber of very able and competent officers who
toiled night and day in these offices. We all
know what military movements are. Some-
times officers are exposed; their breasts are
bared to the enemy; but that is what a soldier
ealists for; that is the place where a Boldier
loves to be. But there are weeks and months
sometimes that the Army lies in camp with
everything quiet, with nothing particular for
the officers of the line to do.
There has been a disposition to nnderrate
the services of the staff departments of the
Army. Sir, without a stair department an
army is a worthless thing. You will find that
Alison states in Blackwood that the graves
around Sebastopol are monuments of the im-
becility of the staff department of the English
army. Ho states that never were such regi-
menrs sent to a war from England before, but
they went out as separate and distinct organ-
izations. By the legislation of Parliament the
staff departments had been broken up after the
peace of 1815, and that magnificent English
army went into that war without staff officers
and starved to death in the face of food. Every
writer on the subject of an army says, "Have
an experienced, well-trained staff; keep that
always ready." Calhoun said 60 when Secre-
tary of War; Crawford said it; Scott said it.
All our military men have always proposed
that. Have a staff during peace, men who have
studied their profession, men who understand
all about it, and with such a staff you can
create an army and move an army and fight an
army anywhere. Without that you may send
splendid soldiers into tho field, but a great
deal of their force is lost.
A sort of prejudice has been raised in the
country against the staff department because
they commute. The system of commuting was
adopted in this country to protect the Govern-
ment in this way against furnishing fuel and
quarters in kind. It was believed that it would
save money to the Government. I have not a
doubt that the system of commutation that has
been adopted has cost this Government during
the last ten years far less than it would have
cost to have furnished the officers fuel and
quarters in kind. I should be willing to adopt
a rule that the Government might furnish fuel
and quarters in kind according to law and reg-
ulations, and commute nowhere.
Now, sir, this amendment, if adopted, will
work the grossest injustice. Some officers
will be located where they can save a little
money to their families; and but few of them
can save anything anyhow. Others will be
made beggars by its adoption.
Mr. NYE. Will the Senator allow me to ask
him a question ?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. NYE. Why do yon not make an allow-
ance to the officers where there are not quar-
ters to be obtained, so as to put them on an
equal footing with other officers ?
Mr. WILSON. In my judgment to-day of
the men who are in the service in the line, who
are not detailed for other purposes, four fifths
of them have fuel and quarters furnished in
kind, and not tents or camps. I mean the men
who are moving in the field, who are at our
military posts, who are outon the Pacific coast;
who are away out at Fort Parker. In all the
forts in that region we have fuel and quarters
and furnish them to the officers, and they take
their wives and children there with them. I
think it would be unjust to strike out '' quar-
ters'" if we are to adopt this; section. This
section cuts down the pay of the General and
Lieutenant General. It seemed to me that it
would have been better to leave the whole pay
department alone ; but as the House adopted
it, and it increased the pay in the aggregate, I
was willing to increase the pay a little and
agree to the proposition, because I thought this
section equalized it. This section equalizes
the pay better, if you will look it through, than
the existing law. There is no doubt about
that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suppose it is
apparent now to everybody that this bill can-
not be got through to-night; and as I under-
stand the Senator from Massachusetts will not
be here to-morrow morning, I demand the
regular order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Maine calls foe the regular order, which
was laid aside informally in order to take up
this bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not. Let us
finish this bill. We can finish it in half an
hour.
Mr. WARNER. Let us adjourn.
Mr. RAMSEY. Let us quit talking and
commence voting.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Tho Senator
from Massachusetts, I think, can now have no
expectation of getting the bill through to-day,
and therefore I feel authorized to demand the
regular order.
Tho PRESIDING OFFICER. The regular
order being called for, the appropriation bill is
before the Senate.
Mr. WILSON. I should be very glad to be
allowed to finish this bill. At any rate I should
like to try it a little while longer.
Mr. STEWART and others. You cannot
do it.
Mr. CONKLING. We can if we stop debat-
ing immaterial matters.
Mr. WILSON. I hope we shall take a vote
on the amendment of the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am sure that we can
finish this bill in thirty minutes if the Senate
will only continue it. Wo now understand it.
I have made a motion to amend. I do not
want to talk about it, and I am willing to with-
draw it if that will bring us to a vote on the
bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
from Illinois will understand that there is not
the same willingness on all hands to finish the
bill that he manifests.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I thought there was
around me. If there is a disposition to debate
it, it cannot be finished, I suppose; but I think
we had better go on for a while, at any rate,
and try it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Here is a Sen-
ator on his feet [Mr. Warner] who proposes
to make a speech upon it, and I understand
there are others who desire to do so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If it is on my amend-
ment I will withdraw it.
Mr. WARNER. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask the Senator to with-
draw that motion for one moment.
Mr. CONKLING and others. No, no ; let
us vote it down.
Mr. SAWYER. I desire to offer a bill for
reference.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Alabama withdraw the motion ?
Mr. WARNER. No; I will not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion to adjourn.
The question being put; there were on a
division—ayes 28, noes 21.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ayes
have it, and the Senate stands adjourned
until—.—
Mr. THAYER. I call for the yeasand nays.
Mr. RAMSEY and others. It is too late. The
Chair has announced the result of the vote.
The PRESIDING -OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Nebraska addressed the Chair before
the vote had been announced, and in time, in
the opinion of the Chair.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. THAYER. I now ask permission to
make a statement, I will take but a moment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Nebraska asks unanimous consent
to make a statement. Is there objection? The
Chair hears none.
Mr. THAYER. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs is obliged to leave
the city under circumstances peculiarly dis-
tressing, and he may be kept from the city for
several weeks. He desires to have this bill
disposed of before he leaves, if possible. I
therefore make this statement, and ask the
Senate to consider it and dispose of the bill
to-night. He is obliged to leave under circum-
stances which would render it necessary for
any of us to leave.
| Mr. WILLIAMS. Let us have an evening
tl session.
