4350
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
" upon the same terms and conditions in all
respects " as were applied in the previous law;
and that is the law now.
Mr. HOWARD. The twelfth section of the
charter requires the same'thing to be done.
Mr. HOWELL. If that is so I am satisfied
on that point.
Mr. HOWARD. It is so.
Mr. HOWELL. I withdraw the amendment.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. DAYIS. I call for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STOCKTON". I desire to say one single
word to the Senate before voting 011 this bill ;
I shall not detain them a minute.
_ I have examined the bill, during the discus-
sion, with some care. I certainly would not
vote for this bill as an original proposition.
The eloquent remarks made by the Senator
froin Ohio on my left [Mr. TiiuRjfAJf] on a
previous occasion had the benefit of ray best
judgment. I am entirely opposed to a large
portion-of the legislation that has taken place
in this Chamber in granting away the public
lands. Although it may be proper under some
circumstances to grant lands in aid of railroads,
they have been granted away, I think, at this
session in a manner which cannot be justified.
But, Mr. President, I look on this simply
as a question of preserving the faith of this
Government; and for that I shall always vote
under all circumstances. I have read the de-
bate which took place when the distinguished
Senator from Maine, (Mr. Fessenden,) who
had always expressed himself opposed to these
grants, said that he was compelled, in spite of
his wishes, to vote for carrying out the pledged
faith of the Government to this company. I
have read the opinion of Mr. Curtis ; I have read
what fell from the Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
Morton ;] and I am compelled, against my
own wishes, to vote for this bill, to preserve,
as I think, with all respect to the opinions of
other Senators, the faith of this Government.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 32, nays 12 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Broivnlow, Buck-
ingham, Chandler, Cole, Ferry, rowler,0ilbert,Ham-
ilton of Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Harris, Howard,
Johnston, Kellogg, McDonald, Morrill of Maine,
Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool. Kamsey, Rice, Seott,
Stewart, Stockton, Sumner, Tipton, Trumbull, War-
ner, and Wilson—32.
NAYS—Mossrs. Dftvis, IIowcll, McCreery, Morrill
of Vermont, Schurz, Sherman, Spencer, Sprague,
Thayer, Thurman, Vickers, and Yates—12.
ABSENT — Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, lloreman,
Cameron, Carpenter, Casserly, Cabtell, Conklinfc,
Corbett, Cragm, Drake, Edmunds, Penton, Flana-
gan, Hamilton of Maryland, Howe. Lewis, Morton,
Norton, Patterson, Pratt, ltevels, Robertson, Eoss,
Baulsbury, Sawyer, Willcy, and Williams--23.
So the bill was passed.
report of a committee,
The YICE PRESIDENT. The Senate re-
sumes the consideration of the bill abolishing
the franking privilege, which was temporarily
passed over.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask leave to
make a report.
Mr. RAMSEY. Very well.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, from the Com-
mittee on the Library, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 703) for the encouragement and
protection of dramatic compositions designed
and suited for public representation, by secur-
ing to the^authors and proprietors of the same
certain rights during the time herein men-
tioned, submitted an adverse report thereon;
which was ordered to be printed.
. bill introduced.
Mr. WARNER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. <J87) to renew a certain grant of land to
the State of Alabama; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Li.oyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the Speaker of the House had
signed the enrolled bill (H. R. No. 2115) to pro-
vide for the appointment of an Assistant Treas-
urer of the United States at Baltimore ; and it
was thereupon signed by the Yice President.
railroads in nebraska.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate
adjourn,
Mr. THAYER. I hope the Senator from
Minnesota will yield the floor to my colleague.
Mr. RAMSEY. What for?
Mr. TIPTON. I desire to give notice that
I will seek an opportunity, if possible in the
morning hour on Monday, to call up for pas-
sage this bill that has been discussed in con-
junction with the one passed to-day. It is a
common land grant.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that, by unanimous consent, the apportion-
ment bill is to be considered on Monday at one
o'clock, though the franking bill ia the unfin-
ished business.
Mr. THAYER. My colleague gave notice
he would ask for the consideration of the rail-
road bill in the morning hour of Monday.
Mr. RAMSEY. T renew my motion.
riieVICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Minnesota,
that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, June 11, 1870.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
tenure of civil offices.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent to report back a bill from
the Judiciary Committee for consideration at
the present time.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read for
information, after which objections will be
asked for, if any.
The bill (H. R. No. 574) to repeal several acts
relating to the tenure of civil offices was read.
It proposes to repeal the act entitled "An act
regulating the tenure of certain civil offices,"
passed March 2, 1807, and an act entitled "An
act to amend an act regulating the tenure of
certain civil offices," approved April 6, 1869,
provided that the repeal of said acts shall not
affect the suspension or designation of any
civil officer heretofore made by the President,
except so far as to prevent the restoration to
office or pay, by virtue of said acts, of any
person suspended under their provisions.
Mr. POLAND. I object.
donation op condemned cannon.
Mr. HAWLEY. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a joint resolution donating con-
demned cannon for the ornamentation of the
soldiers' cemetery at Quincy, Illinois.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would inquire if the
resolution has been referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs?
Mr. HAWLEY. It has not; but I will say
that this monument at Quincy has been erected
at the soldiers' cemetery at Quincy, where
three or four hundred soldiers are buried.
Other similar resolutions that have been passed
here have been to ornament monuments that
have been erected simply to the memory of
soldiers who have gone out from certain coun-
ties or .cities j but this monument is erected in
a cemetery where soldiers are buried.
Mr. MAYNARD. When several of these
propositions have come before the House I
have felt obliged to object on this principle:
applications of this kind have been very numer-
ous from all over the country, and we ought
to have some check or safeguard. I have told
several gentlemen who had similar resolutions
that if they would confer with the Committee
on Military Affairs, and that committee had
no objection, I would not object. I say the
same to the gentleman from Illinois. If he
Will confer with the Committee on Military
Affairs, and they have no objection to his res-
olution, I will not object. For the present I
must object.
business of committee op claims.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I ask
leave to have taken from the Speaker's table
a number of bills from the Senate which belong
to the Committee of Claims; and I ask that
they be referred to that committee.
No objection was made.
accounts of officers of army and navy.
The first business under this order was the
bill (S. No. 459) to authorize the settlement
of the accounts of officers of the Ariny and
Navy; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee of Claims.
reuben grindle.
The next business was a bill (S. No. 868)
for the relief of Reuben Grindle ; which was
taken up, read a first and second time, and
referred to the same committee.
john e. griffin.
The next bill was a bill (S. No. 8G0) for the
relief of John E. Griffin ; which was taken up,
read a first and second time, and referred to
the same committee.
j. ross browne.
The next bill was a bill (S. No. 692) for the
relief of J. Ross Browne, late minister to China;
which was taken up, read a first and second
time, and referred to the same committee.
benjamin cooley and james w. boswell.
The next business was a joint resolution (S.
R. No. 1G) for the relief of Benjamin'Cooley
and James W. Boswell; which was taken up,
read a first and second time, and referred to
the same committee.
james m. trotter and william ii. dupree.
The next business was a bill (S. No. 724) for
the relief of James M. Trotter and William II.
Dupree; which was taken up, read a first and
second time, and referred to the same com-
mittee.
charles 1'. redmond.
The next business was a bill (S. No. 688) for
the relief of Charles P. Redmond; which was
taken up, read a first and second time, and
referred to the same committee.
william ii. harman.
The next business was a bill (S. No. G65) for
the relief of William H. Harman ; which was
taken up, read a first and second time, and
referred to the same committee.
claim of william b. campbell.
The next business was a joint resolution (S.
R. No. 157) conferringupon the Court of Claims
jurisdiction to hear and determine the claim
of William B. Campbell; which was taken up,
read a first and second time, and referred to
the same committee.
george w. tarleton.
The next business was a bill (S. No. 582) for
the relief of George W. Tarleton; which was
taken up, read a first and second time, and
referred to the same committee.
captain john a. wilcox,
The next business was a bill (S. No'. 552) for
the relief of Captain J ohn A. Wilcox; which
was taken up, read a first and seeond time,
and referred to the same committee.
geo use wright,
The next business was a bill (S. No. 493) for
the relief of George Wright; which was taken
