206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17
your are altering fundamentally the compact
that our fathers made; you are altering it in
an essential particular. You are taking away
from us our local home governments. You
are talting away from us that portion of the
government to which we looked for the pro-
tection of life and liberty. You are taking
away public security. You may, on the same
principle, elect every magistrate of ours by
altering the Constitution ; and is it pretended
that military States, that provisional govern-
ments may so speak in altering this contract,
that you may take away every home-born right
every right which is sacred, and every right for
which this Government was originally founded ?
Mr. President, I know that the use of the
word "State rights" is getting offensive to
some of iny friends on the other side; but as the
distinguished Senator from Ohio said this morn-
ing, they must admit even in their view that the
States have some rights. Now it is said that
Congress is omnipotent; it is said that Congress
can do anything. Mr. President, Congress is
not omnipotent. Congress is abody of limited
powers—limited by the Constitution ; and it is
in addition to that the mere reservoir of pow-
ers given by the States, the remainder of which
are still in the people and in the States. That,
as a principle of government, is not disputed,
and therefore I say that Congress has no right
to pass an act, which this bill is, to alter the
Constitution of the United States. It is an act
to alter the Constitution of the United States
in an easier mode than the mode provided
therein.
It has been proposed here within a few days
to enact that the Supreme Court shall no longer
determine questions which are political, and
that Congress shall decide what are political
questions. A bill has been introduced to author-
ize a department of the Government to determ-
ine when an amendment to the Constitution is
adopted. _ Then by the passage of this act, and
by depriving the Supreme Court, by calling it
a political question, of the power of acting on
the constitutionality of this so-called amend-
ment, and by referring the determination of its
ratification to one of the departments of the
Government, you absolutely alter by legislation
the Constitution of the United States in a
manner not provided therein, and in a different
maimer. I insist upon it that such an alter-
ation is totally and entirely illegal, and in vio-
lation of the instrument itself; nay—I cannot
use a milder expression; I use the word in its
proper sense—it is revolution; that is, it over-
turns the Government of our fathers.
It requires, as I have said, three fourths of
the States to amend the Constitution. That,
of course, meant three fourths of the sovereign
States, three fourths of such States as met
together originally as independent sovereign-
ties, and who for the protection of these very
home rights of which I speak gave up some of
their individual liberty that they might be better
protected against foreign nations. That was
the objectof the formation of this Government,
to protect these very home liberties of which
you now seek to deprive us ; and, as I said, it
requires three fourths of these sovereign States
to amend the compact. But now if this mili-
tary State, this provisional government, is to
have a voice in amending the Constitution
before she is admitted as a State of the Union,
how much is she to count? Is she to count a
full State or what fraction of a State ? If these
other three States are to speak under your com-
pulsion after they have got in how much are
they to count ? What is the ratio ? They cer-
tainly do not stand in the same position as these
original States who made the bargain. This
course certainly breaks the relations of the State
of Ohio, the State of New Jersey, and the State
ot New York with one another, and breaks
their relations with the Federal Government.
It establishes a new principle; it takes a posi-
tion never before taken in this country: that
you have a right to come in and strike the
word "white" out of the constitution of my
State, a constitution that I have sworn over
and over again to support, which contains the
word "white" in it. which you mean to strike
out by an attempt to alter the Constitution of
the United States in this way.
Now, Mr. President, I have a remedy if you
do not take it from me. The Constitution has
given us a remedy. We have a right to appeal
to the courts. It is singular to see these bills
all standing pari passu, by one of which you take
that right away. That is part of your scheme, by
which you propose to deprive me of the resort
which is yet left, to the courts. Sir, does a
State where the habeas corpus is suspended
stand in such a position as to adopt a constitu-
tional amendment ? Can a State where a man
in violation of the test of the Constitutibn itself
can be tried for his life, and condemned, and
hanged, without the indictment or presentment
of a grand jury and without a trial by a petty
jury—can such a State adopt an alteration of
the constitution of my State ? Sir, when you
can tear a man from the very altar of liberty,
when you can tear a man away who is clinging
to your Supreme Court for his life and claim-
ing the protection of the judiciary, when you
can do that in a State and are doing it every
day, do you mean to tell me that the military
provisional government of a State where that is
tolerated can alter the constitution of my State
and of the United States ?
I make these remarks in sorrow; I make
them simply that they may be recorded; and
I believe the day will come when this amend-
ment, if it is pretended to be adopted in this
way, willbe pronounced to be no part of the
Constitution of the United States. I have not
spoken for Georgia; I have spoken entirely in
the interest of the northern States, those States
which have not been at all tainted with rebel-
lion. But, Mr. President, before I sit down
let me say one little word for Georgia.
I was in the Senate of the United States when
the proposition was originally introduced to
create the Committee on Reconstruction. I
think it was four years ago; and it was pro-
nounced then on this floor by one of the ablest
Senators then here, who is not here now, as a
committee to try how not to do it. What has
been the experience ; what is the condition of
things now after the lapse of four or five years ;
why are Mississippi, Virginia, and Georgia to
be tied up with all these restrictions; why are
they tobeinadeto adopt constitutional amend-
ments which were not required to be adopted
by their sister States who had also been in the
rebellion before they were entitled to come in;
why should they be placed in this position ?
Because the Congress of the United States
know and admit by their action that the people
are opposed to such an alteration of the Con-
stitution. The people of the United States will
never submit, if they can legally prevent it, to
your forcing negro suffrage upon them. It is
not so much negro suffrage that I object to ;
that is almost everywhere adopted already. My
objection is that you force it upon the States con-
trary to their constitutions; thatyou break their
constitutions down and deprive them of their
liberty. That is a much more serious question
than who votes or who does not. Neither is the
objection to negro suffrage properly made when
it is simply said that you are opposed to negro
votes and that this is a white man's Govern-
ment. It is that upon principle every conserv-
ative man believes that the right to be the sov-
ereigns in this country, the right to deposit the
ballot that makes a man sovereign should not
be exercised by any large class of ignorant
people of any race or color. That is the prin-
ciple upon which it rests. It is true there is a
distinction in color which all must admit under 1
some circumstances and for social purposes;
but I do not make that point; we are not
obliged to meet the question on that ground.
The true ground is that the negroes as a class
are Dot at present so educated and fitted as to
govern and control this country. But, as I
said before, the objection is not so much to
allowing negroes to vote as it is to the method
in which you seek to attain it by destroying
everything that is left of value in the relations
i between the States and the General Govern-
i ment.
! But, Mr. President, as I said, one little word
for Georgia. Why has she been kept in this
position ? Solely for the purpose of carrying
out all these measures and keeping, as has been
well said to-day, the Republican party in power.
I am very little of a party man—I certainly
1 could not speak in that point of view, address-
ing the Senate of the United States on such a
serious subject—but I say I would not oare how
long they kept in power if they would only act
toward the country as they should act, if they
would only adopt and carry out those principles
which are necessary to preserve those relations
which have heretofore existed between the
States and the General Government. But if
their power is to be perpetuated by force—for
this amounts to nothing more—and when per-
petuated in that way is to be continued until
I this country is made a form of government
I worse, as it will become if these measures are
] persevered in to the end, than any monarchy
in Europe, it is time that the people should see
where these things are tending; it is time that
they should put down their foot here. Nearly
every State in the North which has expressed
itself on this subject has spoken plainly; the
will of the people is known, and for this reason
the fifteenth amendment must be adopted by
coercion at the present time or it is lost forever.
Have you got so far now, gentlemen, that you
are afraid to go back ? Must you force this thing
i on? I rose, as I said, simply to present that
: one point, the inconsistency which exists be-
| tween the two plans proposed by you ; the one
for Mississippi, Virginia, and Texas, the other
; for Georgia. I believe the time has come when
the people themselves will begin to notice the
i inconsistency of all these reconstruction meas-
| ures, and if I desired to make capital out of it
' I would much prefer that these gentlemen
i should succeed in fastening this amendment on
| the bill, because it would simply make the bill
i more offensive and more odious. As it is, it
; seems to me that the view taken by the Sen-
| ator from Wisconsin and the Senator from Ver-
| montis much more wise—wise in every aspect;
because no matter how Georgia may then be
| morally compelled, no matter what effect it
j might have upon the Constitution of the coun-
! try, no matter how that effect and that moral
i compulsion might react upon my State inalter-
i ing her constitution, yet the principle is not
then boldly assumed that Congress has power
i to compel States to ratify constitutional amend-
i ments, and that their action so taken under
! duress can be considered to be legal and as
i having the effect of changing the Constitution.
Mr. PERRY'. Mr. President, I wish for in-
formation to ask a question of the Senator from
Indiana in regard to the amendment now un-
der consideration. The amendment provides
that the government of Georgia shall be pro-
visional only until the Legislature of that State
shall have ratified the fourteenth and fifteenth
amendments to the Constitution of the United
States. The question which I wish to ask the
Senator from Indiana is this : why does he in-
clude the ratification of the fourteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution in his proposed amend-
ment to this bill ? What is the occasion of ra-
quiring again the ratification of the fourteenth
amendment?
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, the Legis-
lature of Georgia was not legally organized ;
the reconstruction acts were not complied with;
there was a body of men in that Legislature
numbering from twenty-five to thirty holding
their seats in violation of the third clause of
the fourteenth amendment. We propose to
reorganize that Legislature, and to require it
to ratify the fourteenth as well as the fifteenth
amendment. The fourteenth amendment is
ratified without the vote of Georgia, but still it
is proper to require that the vote of Georgia
