504
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 14j
Ho. of Reps.
Independence of Cuba—Mr. Orth.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
A word to the Republican Senators. Oar
party stands only upon the intelligence of the
people. There is one congressional district
in Wisconsin which always sends a Democratic
member, because there are voters enough in
that district who can neither read nor write the
English language to control the election. I
could understand why a Democrat would vote
to abolish the franking privilege, to destroy the
press, or in any other way to arrest the dis-
semination of intelligence among the people;
but that any Republican can vote to cut off
what the Senator from Nevada [Mr. Nye] so
truthfully and eloquently styled "one of the
arteries of intelligence" passes my compre-
hension. The masses of the Democratic party
will not bo seen reading a Republican news-
paper; that would be treason to their party;
but they will all read, who can read, a docu-
ment sent them as a personal courtesy, and
this is the only means wc have to reach them.
The only way in which we can compel the Dem-
ocrats to contribute to the ascendency of our
party is to tax them for disseminating intelli-
gence among the people.
There is speciul necessity at this time for
retaining this system. The Senator from South
Carolina [Mr. Sawyhr] has just alluded to it.
Y'ou have inaugurated and nearly consum-
mated a reconstruction of civil government in
(he lately rebel States. Is it not important
that you should retain every facility for Hood-
ing those States with intelligence? Do you
think it would be well for our party, well for
our country, well for free institutions, to dis-
courage aud tax the transmission of our polit-
ical views to the South? In a mere party
sense, and looking to no higher consideration,
u would be madness. If wo retain the sup-
port of a single southern State in the next
presidential campaign it must be by appeal-
ing to their reason, by sending thorn (acts, pre-
cepts, and arguments; yet, by this bill, it is
proposed to cut off the greatest facility that
ever existed for doing so, aud to legislate the
discouragement of a tux upon the transmission
of intelligence to those who can in no other
way bo Held to your support.
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sum-
n Bit] has presented a substitute for this bill, aud
has made a speech upon the subject which
ought to be read by every man in America,
lie has thoroughly examined the subject, and
has presented the true principle of an intelli-
gent postal system. lie does not rest it upon
the niggasdly basis of taxing what a man learns,
and thus discouraging learning. You might
as well compel tho boy to pay a tax for going
to a school-room. If theie is anything you
ought to encourage, anything the national
Treasury may properly be taxed to promote,
it is intelligence. You should pay it a pre-
mium ; this bill proposes to tax it with a stamp.
This subject has been so fully treated by the
Senator from Massachusetts that I can add
little, perhaps nothing, to what he has so well
said ; and yet I desire to make a single remark
in tho same general direction. I believe if
instead of depriving our people of intelligence,"
as a means of saving $5,000,000 a year, we
would annually appropriate §10,000,000 to
transmit all letters and papers from the United
States to Europe, in ten years we would revo-
lutionize those countries. Why is it that Franco
will not make an arrangement with us fixing a
tariff on postage as low as that fixed by Eng-
land? Simply because England, with her froo
institutions, has nothing to fear from intelli-
gence, while Francehas everything to fear, and
i he emperor knows it. It is sensible in him to
discourage and tax as high as possible the
transmission of intelligence to his people. I
can comprehend his policy. It is akin to the
supervision of the press, and the iron hand lie
lays upon free speech.
Sir, an Irishman, a German, or a Norwegian
immigrates to this country, makes his way
through the middle States, and settles in the far
West. He is alone and lonesome. During the
first year or two of his residence there much of
his time will be occupied in corresponding with
the friends he has left, if no tax be laid upon
his letters; and every letter will be read by a
circle of friends in his native home, giving
them, in his familiar and homely way, intelli-
gence of our country, the cheapness and richness
of our lands, the advantages of our free insti-
tutions, and all the blessings that a republic
confers upon a people. Every immigrant's let-
ter would perform the office of a missionary at
his old home, and all Europe would be flooded
with letters in praise of our country, and advis-
ing immigration here.
Cut, sir, this cannot be done; we are so
economical that every poorGerman must trans-
mit his letter to his friends at his own expense.
The rate of postage must bo whatever foreign
nations choose to determine; and to push this
absurdity a little further, and apply it to our
own people, we must see to it that not a news-
paper, not a message of the President, not a
report of its proceedings by any Department
of the Government, shall be received by the
citizen without being taxed.
It is said again that many documents are cir-
culated thatare not worth being read. If this be
true it is not the fault of the franking privilege.
If wo have not properly discriminated between
what ought to be published and what not let
us do so. But will any man pretend that the
Government of a free people of forty millions,
with an empire that stretches from ocean to
ocean, with so vast and so varied interests, and
wielding such tremendous power, and occupy-
ing so grand a position among the nations of
the earth, can be carried on without being an
object of interest to the people ?
Sir, there is not a Department of this Gov-
ernment, nor a bureau, nor an officer, who
should not be compelled annually to report his
proceedings, and these reports should be fur-
nished to the people ; and in no other way can
the Government be made responsible to the
people.
Mr. President, economy is not the only wis-
dom, nor money the only good in a free coun-
try. There arc "great reforms" which are not
designed to embarrass communication between
the Government and its constituents. To some
such reform, to some scheme for carrying the
mails across the Atlantic free, to some method
of reaching the monarchies of Europe, toimbue
their people with republican sentiments, I invite
our great leader—if he must be a reformer—to
turn his attention.
Independence of Cuba.
SPEECH OF HON. GODLOVE S. ORTH,
01' indiana,
Ix thu House op Representatives,
June 14, 1870.
Tho House having under consideration tho joint
resolution (II. R. No. 329) in relation to tho contest
between tho people of Cuba and tho Government
of Spain—
Mr. ORTH said:
Mr. Speaker : In presenting to the House
my views on tho questions now pending before
us for solution it is my desire to discuss calmly
and deliberately the well-known aud incon-
testable facts in tho case, and the legal propo-
sitions arising from and connected with these
facts. I prefer to address myself to the rea-
son and judgment of the House and country,
rather than to appeal to passion, prejudice, or
sympathy. Our decision of these questions
may involve not only the peace but likewise
the honor of the Government, and hence our
deliberation and our action should be charac-
terized by a due regard to the magnitude and
importance by which these questions are sur-
rounded. In all matters affecting the relations
and intercourse of our Government with for-
eign nations we should exercise the utmost
caution, and not be swerved from our true and
honest policy by appeals to our sympathy.
Happily for us, our duty in this matter is
clearly marked out and defined in our past his-
tory ; and from the days of Washington to this
hour we have an unbroken line of precedents
to guide us in the course to be pursued in refer-
ence to contests such as the one in which the
Government of Spain and a portion of the peo-
ple of Cuba are now involved.
The Father of his Country, in his Farewell
Address, indicated to his countrymen a "for-
eign policy" at once wise, just, and patriotic.
These are his words:
"The great rulo of conduct for us in regard to for-
eign nations is, in extending our commercial rela-
tions to havo with them as little political connection
as possible. So far as we havo already formed engage-
ments let them be fulfilled with perfcet good faith.
Hero let us stop. Europe has a set of primary inter-
ests which to us have none or a very remoto rela-
tion." * * * * "Why quit our own to
stand on foreign ground ? Why. by interweaving our
destinywith thatofany partot Europe, entangleour
peace and prosperity in the toils of European ambi-
tion, rivalsnip, interest, humor, or caprice?"
These words of wisdom have sunk deep in
the American heart; and taking them as our
guide, we have thus far in our history been
enabled to avoid all entangling alliances with
other nations or people, and have successfully
resisted all appeals heretofore made to change
this policy of the Government; a policy which
has had the approval of all our Presidents,
which has preserved our national honor, and
enabled us to avoid entanglement with the
quarrels and troubles of other nations.
We have thus far maintained the position of
Washington, and I do not believe that the
American Congress is prepared at this time to
deviate from that position.
Before proceeding to discuss the questions
before this House, as presented in the majority
and minority reports of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, I desire briefly to allude to a
few of the positions which have been taken by
the honorable chairman of that committee,
[Mr. Banks.] In doing so, I must express a
sincere regret on my part that after a joint
service on that committee for the last six years
I find it my duty, for the first time, to differ
from that gentleman in reference to the foreign
policy of this Government.
But I cannot follow him in the attempt to
make our nation the avenger of all the wrongs
that may be committed by any other nation or
Government. I do not believe that to be our
mission. It is not our province to avenge the
horrors which both parties to the contest in
Cuba have committed, any more than it is
ours to attempt to curb the atrocities (except
by remonstrance in the interest of humanity)
which are of almost daily occurrence in Mex-
ico, in the States of Central America, or in
the equally turbulent republics of South
America.
If the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Baxks] conceives this to bo a part of our mis-
sion, I might with great propriety inquire why-
he has not long since called the attention of
the House and country to the atrocities of
the "allies," (Brazil, Uruguay, and the Argen-
tine.) in their exterminating war waged against
Paraguay, which they have almost depop-
ulated, aud blotted, as a nation, from the face
of the earth ?
Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Bakes] announces that "the Uni
ted States is justly held responsible for^ the
horrors perpetrated in Cuba." I am inclined
to attribute this utterance to the heat of debate,
for I will not believe that such is his deliberate
judgment. It is unjust to the patriotic impulses
