1518
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
P
h
antiquity, and were, both capable of being sus-
tained by scriptural authority, they were not
equal in present importance or in possible con-
sequences. Slavery rested upon compulsion
ana drew its vitalizing force from oppression;
polygamy depends upon persuasion and leans
upon its own distorted interpretation of the
divine philosophy. Slavery was incorporated
into the civil, political, and social framework
of fifteen States; polygamy is a pariah which
has fled to the desert for a home. Slavery was
the basis of a vast industrial system; polygamy
is an excrescence upon a promising industrial
experiment. Slavery prevented a free press
and prohibited free speech; polygamy is un-
able to prevent the publication of an anti-
Mormon paper in Salt Lake City, and anti-
polygamy meetings are held within sight of the
residence of Brigham Young. Slavery, grown j
arrogant by tolerance, assailed the nation and i
defied its laws; polygamy, feeble and subject, i
obeys every statute except that which threat-
ens its existence, and seeks obscurity beyond
the reach of civilization.
All laws of the United States and of Utah
are obeyed in Utah except the anti-polygamy
act. The very witness upon whose testimony
the committee have framed this bill averred that ;
in all criminal or civil actions where polygamy !
was not involved he never met a fairer people; 1
that in suits between Mormons and Gentiles
Mormon juries do impartial justice.
Tbe truth is that our system of government
is unfit to deal with a problem such as the
Mormon question presents. Our Government
rests upon the virtue and intelligence of the
eople. Our Government is conducted in pub-
ic. Ours is a Government of opinion framed
into law; and laws unsustained by opinion are
apt to remain unenforced. Every county of I
every State and Territory is in some extent
self-governed and independent. If the people
of any county tacitly agree that a particular
crime shall not be considered a crime if com-
mitted within that county, what is to be done
about it? If grand juries persistently refuse
to find indictments, or petit juries regularly
return verdicts of "not guilty" for that par-
ticular crime, there is no way to reach the mat-
ter or punish the offenders through the ordi-
nary processes and means permitted under a
republican form of government. There is no
power vested in executive or judge to take
offenders beyond the limits of their State for
trial. Cases of this character can be reached . I
only by finding such evidence of an armed and
general conspiracy to resist the laws a3 to
authorize the suspension of civil authority with-
in the infected district and the interposition of ,
military rule. The remedy is expensive, and j
its frequent use most dangerous to republican
government It should never be resorted to
except in extreme and desperate cases. I do
not believe that the present is such a one.
But, it may be asked, shall we do nothing ?
Shall we allow this defiance of the authority
of the United States to continue? Shall we
permit Brigham Young and his followers to
pursue the practice of polygamy without any
earnest effort to suppress it? I answer, sir,
that I believe polygamy has run its course. I
believe that the railroad which deprived the \
Mormons of their isolation has struck it a mor-
tal blow. Every locomotive bell resounding
through the gorges of the Wahsatch mountains
is sounding its death-knell. I believe in the j
persuasive power of progress and the logical j
force of attrition. I believe that for want of
the invigorating element of truth the institu-
tion will fall to decay. I do not believe that ;
a practice which is at war with the interests of |
society, hostile to the spirit of the age, and !
opposed to the instincts of human nature, can, !
even when sustained by religious convictions, j
maintainitselfagainst the silent, insidious, per-
sistent, resistless assaults of the social forces !
arrayed against it. |
Already, since the railroad was completed, j
a schism has grown up in the Mormon church !
which its president seems powerless to heal
or subdue. They have given the women the
ballot 5 and howsoever the Mormon wife may
vote now ; howsoever she may vote to main-
tain her social status or minister to her phys-
ical wants; howsoever religious convictions
may impel her or iron circumstances restrain
her j howsoever ignorant or poor she may be,
sooner or later the assaulted, imprisoned, out-
raged instincts of human nature will arise and
vindicate themselves. The house will be over-
turned upon the heads of the captors. Pos-
sibly, indeed, they who but now have given
the ballot to the women of Utah have led a
blind Samson to the pillars of their temple.
Utah is no longer isolated. In that fact
i! alone the days of polygamy are numbered. So
long as an iceberg remains locked in polar
fields it dares the assaults of the elements;
but when the salt summer waves come stealing
up from the south they detach it from its sur-
roundings, they float it away, they eat out a
piece here and crumble away a fragment there,
until some day its foundations are gone and it
; tumbles with a crash into the ocean ; and the
! process is repeated until there is nothing left
to mark its existence save a chill in the water,
j which the Gulf stream speedily eradicates.
! Sir, this social iceberg has stood in the midst
] of the great American desert, swelling its frost-
i bound proportions, for a quarter of a century ;
, but the railroad has unmoored it from its fast-
euings, and it floats without rudder or pilot in
the surrounding ocean of civilization. A wave
washes down from the railroad and makes a
schisjn in the church. Adventurous miners find
precious metals in the vicinage, and another
wave rolls in from East or West and makes
a chasm in the family circle. Thus the ele-
ments of destruction are busy about it. Some
day, not afar off, death will claim the great
organizing executive brain which holds it to-
gether, palsying the mighty will and hushing
the potent voice that has led willing men and
women through trackless and untrodden waves.
Neither do I believe that the majestic march
of events shall be long stayed or obstructed
even perhaps till that fate which awaits us all
shall have executed its plans.
I predict that the sagacious mind of that
great Mormon leader, Brigham Young, grasp-
ing the prophecies which start from every foot-
print of progress across the land he has re-
deemed from sullen void, will strangle polyg-
amy by a revelation. But whether this pre-
diction shall be verified or not polygamy is
doomed. Natural causes will work its speedy
decay. The disintegrating forces within itself
will destroy it. The consciences, the impulses,
the very passions of mankind conspire against it.
But if we assail it in such a spirit of violence
and venom as we exhibit toward the vices of
no other community; if we recklessly change
the jury system, and in order to reach this one
blot upon our national escutcheon provide for
a violation of all the practices and usages of
republican government; if we attack it as this
bill proposes, with packed juries backed by
lines of bristling steel, we shall consolidate
while we would scatter ; we shall unite forces
which we would dissolve; we shall intensify
the elements we would destroy; we shall vital-
ize if we shall not perpetuate by very means of
officious and unjustifiable persecution the tenets
we would expunge or wholly destroy, unless,
indeed, at immense cost of life and money,
we hurl against polygamy so much of armed
force as to exterminate those who practice it.
Would any member of this House, actuated
by the commonest impulses of humanity, sus-
ceptible to ever so remote a sentiment of char-
ity for the weaknesses of his kind, feel justified
in exterminating a fellow-man because he vio-
lates and defies the religion of his fathers?
Has the great Author fashioned all men of like
perceptions and possibilities?
I call the attention of the patrons of'this bill
to the fact that we sit here and vote money and
protection to the useless, brutal, murderous
savage, whose highest instinct is bloodshed and
plunder, and whose natural infidelity is only
equaled by hisimperviousness to the influences
of mercy, while they propose, without so much
as a scrap of indorsement from the people, to
vote away their resources upon au idea which
reacts only upon itself and which cannot long
survive under the glare of this reformatory age.
But, sir, if we deliberately elect to precipi-
tate this Mormon war, right or wring;, let us
reckon the requirements. We must select our
bravest men and put them in the front; men
who will fight well upon abstractions, men who
will fight for the lust of blood, for the inspira-
tions of patriotism, of national faith, or even
of political liberty, are all wanting. Bythe half-
hearted, intermittent method upon which we
kept the Seminoles at bay, and are failing to
keep the Apaches innocent of Saxon scalps,
we shall never subjugate the Mormons, but may
rather win to them recruits and adherents from
all parts of the earth.
Mr. Speaker, this bill, with all due respect
to the Committee on the Territories, is as in-
operative, as ill-considered, as worthless for all
practical purposes in detail as it is generally
unwise and premature. I propose to scan
briefly a few of its provisions. Section three
provides that there shall be appointed for each
judicial districtof the Territory a deputy or an
assistant United States attorney. Section four
makes it the duty of the district attorney of the
United States to attend in person or by deputy
all the district courts in the Territory, to prose-
cute all criminal indictments returned to said
courts. Section twenty-five takes away the
present criminal jurisdiction of the probate cr
county courts, and gives the United States dis-
trict or territorial courts exclusive jurisdiction
in criminal cases. Mr. Speaker, I find on an
examination of the statutes that the salary of
the United States district attorney for the Ter-
ritory of Utah is $500 per annum. Where can
there be found a lawyer who will take such a
position? Where can there be found a com-
petent attorney who will agree to devote alt
his time to practice in these courts, and pay his
traveling expenses, and prosecute all criminal
cases for $500 per annum and a doubtful
amount of fees?
These sections of the bill just cited evidences
to my mind the struggle between reform and
reduction which has been going on in the
minds of the members of the Committee on
the Territories. The committee wished to be
at once virtuous and economical. They con-
jectured the House might possibly wink at a
public scandal, but would certainly glare with
pitiless eye upon a proposed public expend-
iture, and so with that same touching confi-
dence and devotion which inspired those who
drop money into the box for the heathen, feel-
ing that their duty is performed whether the
heathen ever get a cent or not, the committee
provided for district attorneys and did not pro-
vide any compensation for these district attor-
neys.
If no gentlemen shall be found willing to
prosecute polygamists without pay, and merely
for the comfort and joy of the transaction, it
is not the fault of the committee.
Mr. TAFFE. I should like to ask the gen-
tleman a question on that point.
Mr. FITCH. Yes, sir.
Mr. TAFFE. What are the salaries paid
to district attorneys in the Territories all over
the United States? Is not this salary higher
than usual?
Mr. FITCH. I understand that this office is
one mainly of fees.
Mr. TAFFE. Is not this higher than usual?
Mr. FITCH. I will answer the gentleman if
he will permit me. In the States the fees amount
to a considerable sum, but no such duties are
imposed upon United States district attorneys
in any other part of the country as are proposed
to be imposed by this bill, which obliges them
to attend to all criminal prosecutions in all the
courts of the Territory. The gentleman will
