1870.
THB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1519
observe that this bill takes away the criminal
jurisdiction of every court in the Territory
except the United States courts.
Mr. STRICKLAND. Is there any Territory
where the probate courts have criminal juris-
diction ?
Mr.FITCH. "ies, sir; they have jurisdiction
up to a certain degree. I believe in all the Ter-
ritories they have criminal jurisdiction on all
casesof misdemeanors, and I believe in a certain
elass of felonies. But it is not the duty of the
United States district attorney to prosecute
criminal cases in the United States territorial
district courts ; that duty devolves upon local
district attorneys elected by the people and
paid by them.
Now, sir, section seven of this bill provides
that the United States marshal and clerk of
the United States court shall select the jury.
It removes this delicate and responsible task
from the usual arbitrament of chance. It takes
it from the judge who might be unwilling to
pack a jury, even to convict a polygamist, and
places in the hands of the ministerial and exec-
utive officers of the court the dangerous and
responsible power of selecting a jury to pass
on the lives and the liberty and property rights
of the people. Why not do away with the
farce of a jury draft and make the marshal and
the clerk the jury? The result would be the
same, and the process less troublesome and
expensive.
1 doubt very much, sir, if under the provisions
of this bill a panel of thirty-nine men for grand
and petit jurors can be obtained in Utah.
Mormons are excluded from the jury, and the
Gentiles are not numerous. Section ten of thi s
bill provides that no person shall be competent
to serve either as grand or petit jurora who
believes in, advocates, or practices bigamy,
concubinage, or polygamy; and upon that
fact appearing by examination, on voir dire or
otherwise, such person shall not be permitted
to serve as a juror. Webster defines concu-
binage as the act or practice of ameliorating
the acerbities of bachelor life without the
authority of law or legal marriage. These are
not the exact words of Webster. His defini-
tion is a little clearer, but I prefer my form of
expression. Gentlemen who wish to be entirely
accurate can hunt up the authority. Now, I
doubt if thirty-nine men could be found in
Utah able to take such an oath. Of course
in the Springfield district of Illinois there
would be no difficulty in obtaining a jury
under such restrictions, though I fancy they
would thin the panel even there. But Utah
is a frontier community where men are not
subjected to wholesome social restraints, and
where, in this particular, at least, even they
are singularly destitute of a shining moral
example.
Section fourteen of this act places polygamy
and concubinage upon a par with murder, in
that it deprives the parties accused of these
offenses of the benefit of the statute of limita-
tions. Permit me to place this law in working
harness, that we may mark its operationsand
scan its harmonious proportions. A citizen of
Springfield, Illinois, hitherto virtuous and re-
spected, takes up his march across desert and
mountain toward the golden land, and tarry-
ing in the vicinity of Salt Lake City falls in
with an emigrant train, and being decoyed by
the wiles of some sun-bronzed and languishing
Delilah departs from the path of rectitude.
Years roll by. It is a wild sally of his youth,
perhaps repented and forgotten, or, it may be,
forgotten without the repentance. But, behold!
after all these years complaint is made; a
requisition issues; he is taken before a jury
selected by a most responsible Salt Lake clerk
or marshal, convicted of concubinage, and the
next we hear of him he is at hard labor in a
military camp, a ball and chain attached to his
ankles, suffering the compunctions of an out-
raged conscience and studying the mysteries of
that peculiarly impartial ethical code known as
the Cullom bill—a bill whose triumphs will be
I seen on the deserted site where once flourished
| a deluded and misguided people.
! Section nineteen is. better than its prede-
: cessor,for it compels all officers, territorial or
local, in entering upon their duties to take an
oath that they will not hereafter practice bigamy,
polygamy, or concubinage. Perhaps if such
a law had been in operation fifteen years ago
one of the.witnesses upon whose musty testi-
mony the committee seem to have relied would
not have remained long enqi^h in Utah to have
acquired that information on the Mormon ques-
tion of which lie seems to have possessed him-
self. I allude to Judge Drummond.
The receivers to be appointed under section
thirty of this act, who are to take charge of the
property of convicted polygamists and divide
its proceeds among their former wives, are the
only official persons in Utah not required to
take this vow of virtue. The omission is
significant, to say the least. Let me call the
attention of the House to the absurdity of this
thirtieth section. It proposes to confiscate all
property of all persons convicted of polygamy
for the benefit of their wives. Why, there is
no property in Utah save that which depends
upon the peace and prosperity of the people.
There are no accumulations of wealth. There
is no coin to any considerable extent in the
country. Lands and flocks and herds com-
I pose the bulk of the Mormon possessions. Let
! there be sixty days of war, and all the property
left in Utah would not sell for enough to furnish
a week's subsistence to the women in Utah.
Oh, but this bill proposes that the Secretary
of the Treasury shall appropriate or expend
the sum of $100,000 for the relief of the forty
thousand concubines to be taken from their
protectors—about two dollars and a half each 1
A munificent appropriation! Enough, with
\ economy, to give them about three days' rations
each ! And, sir, what will you make of these
forty thousand women whom it is proposed by
this bill to take from those who now support
and protect them? What position will thay
occupy? Which of you will open your doors
: to them or invite them to sit by your firesides
or even labor in your kitchens? Tbe flimsy
| barrier that protects them from the very depth
of social degradation is the fact that they are
wives by a custom existing in Utah. It is a
pitiable position, but it is better than that of
their unhappy sisters whom necessity rather
than vice has driven to the streets of your cities
and the wards of your hospitals and prisons.
Sir, this is not the place to disenss that social
evil which keeps pace with the stately steps of
civilization, and bears aloft its putrescent glow
by the Side of her starlit pathway; neither is
i it the time to legislate for that smaller social
] evil which excites our attention because it is
I the only vice which stains a community other-
j wise most virtuous, most peaceful, and exem-
' plary. Take the children of Utah and scatter
| them homeless and hopeless waifs through the
i arteries of your great cities; take the women
! of Utah and place them in the splendid dens
! that line the thoroughfares of Boston, New
York, Philadelphia, Baltimore, and Washing-
ton ; take the men of Utah, return them to the
Atlantic States, and make them casual cus-
tomers of those whom they now support and
protect, and how much will Christianity have
gained, how much will society have been ben-,
efited, how much will the honor and power of
the nation have been vindicated and strength-
ened ?
Mr. Speaker, I do not intend that my posi-
tion upon this matter shall be misrepresented
to my constituents or to the country. I regard
polygamy as an evil to be discouraged and a
violation of law which should be if possible
prevented. I simply doubt the wisdom of the
means selected to achieve that result. For the
coercion and misrepresentation and fraud with
which the Mormons have sometimes sought to
carry out their purposes there will come a day
of reckoning and repentance. For the mur-
derers of Mountain Meadow the God of justice
holds in his hand some terrible retribution.
But because of crimes some of that people may
have committed in the past, nor yet because of
their refusal to obey the laws we have made
for them alone, I am not willing to plunge
headlong into war. If there be those upon this
floor who desire to confiscate the property of
these outcasts, who consent to give their men
to the sword and their women to the bagnio,
and who are ready to meet the just reproaches
of a tax-burdened and humane people, they
must proceed without my help. Iam not willing
to look upon the ruin of the great road which
fortns the keystone of the arch of the highway
around the world. I am not willing to destroy
the channel through which my people hope to
receive the life-currents of empire. I count the
costand I count the result, and I am not willing
to pay the price of reaching that result. I will
not vote for this bill which will add millions to
the debt and thousands to the muster-roll of
the nation'8 dead, and in the name of a people
who have burdens enough to bear and kindred
enough to mourn I protest against the passage
of this moat unwise and ill-considered bill. I
yield the remainder of my time to the gen-
tleman from California, [Mr. Sargent.]
Mr. SARGENT. Perhaps after the able and
exhaustive argument of the gentleman from
Nevada [Mr. Iitch] it will break somewhat
upon the current of emotion which pervades
the House for me to attempt in feebler accents
to enter my protest against the passage of this
bill. I speak, a3 does the gentleman from
Nevada, with all the more earnestness upon
this subject in that I verily believe that if this
bill shall pass Congress and be enforced the
result of it must be most deleterious to my own
people. I can see in the near future, with this
bill upon our statute-book and enforced by
an army of forty thousand men, that we shall
again be isolated from the ready communica-
tion which the liberality of Congress has fur-
nished to us by means of the Pacific railroad,
and the new tides of business that are now
pouring through this great channel will be
dammed up indefinitely.
The first movement of the Mormons, when
they shall believe that we are in earnest by an
attack like this, will be to tear up hundreds of
miles of the Pacific railroad and to destroy all
the property upon it within their reach. And
their next step, in emulation perhaps of the act
of which they are alleged to be guilty in the
Mountain Meadow massacre, will be to let loose
upon the people of the plains and the frontier
settlements the wild savages, which scarcely
need their incitement to bring war upon our
borders.
If gentlemen believe that, although the num-
ber of this people may be small, less than
two hundred thousand, they will not defend
themselves by all the means in their power,
they certainly have paid no regard to the les-
sons of history. If they do not know that a
people actuated by strong religious impulses
are the most desperate inaefense ofthat which
they consider their rights, their religious beliefs
and practices, they are likely to have a rude
lesson from the operation of this bill.
History is full of examples, which I might
quote if I had time, of communities, fanatical
it may be, but the more dangerous because
fanatical, who have fought to the last extremity,
who have seen their homes desolated, their
men cut down in battle, their people perish by
privation, in order to defend themselves in the
right to exercise their religious belief, no mat
ter how grotesque that might be or how differ-
ent from the ordinary current of men's ideas.
Juggernaut has its martyrs as well as Chris-
tianity. The Thug dies with the same com-
placent hope of heaven as the Christian, and
fights as desperately for his faith.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Cullom]
said the other day, in bringingforward this bill,
that the committee had thousands of letters
predicting that this bill would lead to war if
enacted into a law. Did not tbe gentleman
