1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
20*7
shall be given to that amendment. It is for
that reason that I include it in my amendment
to the bill. So far as the fourteenth amend-
ment is concerned, it is true it will not bo
affected by this vote ; but still it is proper to
require that Georgia shall comply with all that
■we originally demanded that she should com-
ply with.
Mr. FERRY. I think the Senator is mis-
taken in his conclusion that the fourteenth
amendment may not be affected by the incor-
poration of his amendment in this bill upon
the principle 011 which he now states that he
desires that amendment to be adopted. _ The
fourteenth amendment required the ratifica-
tion of twenty-eight States in order to secure
its incorporation into the Constitution. It
was ratihed by thirty, including the State of
Georgia. Of those which ratified it two, Ohio
and New Jersey, so far as their Legislatures
could, withdrew their assent to its ratifica-
tion. I take it that I am not mistaken in say-
ing that it is still a mooted question in this
country as to what is the effect of such with-
drawal of the assent of these two States; and
although we have discussed here at consider-
able length recently the nature of the functions
of the Supreme Court of the United States, I
think it will be generally agreed that it is a
judicial question to decido the effect of such
action ot these Slates in withdrawing their
assent.
Now, if you incorporate into this bill a pro-
vision which has the effect to set aside the
ratification of the fourteenth amendment by tho
Legislature of Georgia upon the ground that
that Legislature was an illegally organized body,
you leave the fourteenth amendment deficient
by one State of the requisite number for its
ratification if at auy future time tho Supremo
Court of the United States should hold that tho
Statesof Ohioand New Jersey had the rightful
power to withdraw their assent to its adoption.
In my judgment tho amendment which the
.Senator from Indiana proposes to tho present
bill not only will not necessarily secure tho rati-
fication of the fifteenth amendment, but it will
throw the ratification of the fourteenth amend-
ment into unooitainty and leave that a question
capable of being disposed of by the judiciary
in the futuro adversely to the validity of that
amendment as a part of the Constitution.
But, sir, that is not all. 'The declaration by
Congress, by the amendment which the Sen-
ator from Indiana proposes, that the Legisla-
ture of Georgia was an illegal body having no
power to e.vereiso legislative functions, goes
much further than this ; for thai body enacted
a whole volume of laws extending to all tho
relations of private life in tho State of Georgia,
controlling tho property of that State, creating
and electing its judiciary; and the same rea-
soning which involves the ratification of the
fourteenth amendment by that Legislature in-
volves the whole body of law in that State as
enacted by that Legislature. You strike at the
supremo court of Georgia, whoso members
were chosen by that Legislature as it stands
to-day. Tho effect which such legislation here
may have upon the action of the judicial tri-
bunals of that State is also to bo considered.
Now, Congress has declared expressly that
tho State of Georgia has ratified tho fourteenth
amendment. The proclamation of tho Secre-
tary of State sending forth to the country tho
act of Congress which declared tho ratification
of the fourteenth amendment also declares
that the Legislature of Georgia had ratified
that amendment. It seems to me, therefore,
that the amendment to this bill which is pro-
posed by the Senator from Indiana, for the
reasons which he states that he has proposed
it, is one which overturns the whole system of
government in the State of Georgia. It strikes
down not only its Legislature, but it strikes
down its whole judiciary, and places that State
entirely in the hands of the executive depart-
ment.
I agree with the Senator from Vermont that
the remedy for the evils which exist in the
State of Georgia, if it is to be effected by action
of Congress at all, had better be effected by
remanding the State to a military government
upon the one ground that person and property
are so insecure in that State on account of the
incapacity of the State organization to protect
either person or property that the national
Government finds it neccssary to intervene to
that end.
It is suggested to me that the judiciary of
Georgia instead of being elected by the Legis-
lature, as I have stated, is appointed by the
Governor and confirmed by the senate. It
would make no difference, however, in the
conclusion to which I have arrived with regard
to the effect of this legislation upon that judi-
ciary, for if that senate was an illegal body,
incapable of performing its proper functions
under the constitution of the State of Georgia,
then its act of confirmation also falls to the
ground, and Georgia stands to-day without a
judiciary.
It is for these reasons substantially that I feel
at present embarrassed in attempting to vote
for the amendment offered by the Senator from
Indiana.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr, President, as a
member of tho Judiciary Committee I con-
curred in bringing forward this bill as it camc
to the Senate. I support it now, and have voted
to give it precedence over other business in the
hope that early it might be consummated, and
I wish to assign, particularly in one respect,
my reasons for this course.
The Senate knows, and the country knows,
that a pica has been made for delay, a remon-
strance against legislation now in the case of
Georgia. I will not say that this plea has not
been mado iu good faith ; indeed, I feel bound
to say that persons trustworthy in motive and
intelligent, too, on this subjcct believe that
advantage would grow from deferring all legis-
lation on this matter until after the Legislature
of Georgia shall reconvene and have tho oppor-
tunity of righting, so far as it can, the wrongs
complained of. The foundation of this plea
was referred toby the Senator from Delawaro.
Tt originates iu the fact that the Legislature of
Georgia 011 tho '1th of February last, by joint
resolution, directed a case to be made for the
courts to determine, so far us the courts could
establish the right, whether men of color could
or could not hold office in that Commonwealth.
Under this joint resolution a quo warranto was
sued out. on the relation of an unsuccessful
candidal,e for tho office of county clerk in one
of the counties, and an inquiry was instituted
by what authority his successful competitor
held tho ollice, the allegation being that that
competitor was a man of color to tho extent of
one eighth.
In consequence of this writ a procedure took
place somewhat curious to trace, and such pro-
ceedings were, had that in tho end, as the Sen-
ator from Delaware said, there came from a
court, consisting of three judges a conclusion
concurred in by two in favor of the right of men
of color to hold office. The decision, one of the
three judges dissenting altogether, was placed
by one of the other two upon the ground that
by virtue of tho constitution of Georgia this right
was vested in men of color. The other judge,
however, hold that it arose solely from a statute,
itself of course tho subject of legislative con-
trol. Be the force and effect of that decision
as it may, there it stands ; and the suggestion
has been made thatthe Legislature having itself
caused to be set in motion the proceedings
which terminated in this adjudication, the fair
presumption is that 011 its reconvention the
Legislature will so act as to redress the griev-
ances complained of; and I refer, of course,
chiefly to the expulsion from the two houses
of the Legislature of men regularly elected
because they were men of color.
This suggestion on its face must strike every-
body as having a certain degree of force appa-
rently. It struck me so much that I felt bound
to consider it; and I have risen chiefly for the
purpose ofassigning the reasons which governed
me in determining that it was far from worth
while to abide the event of action to be taken
in deference to this decision.
In the first place, the resolution which was
read by the Senator from Delaware does not
profess in any sense to bind the Legislature to
abide by the decision ; far from it; but it leaves
the case deficient in another element which I
deem much more important. The resolution
contains nothing continuing, reviving, or keep-
ing alive the question which was determined by
the Legislature when it judged of the qualifica-
tions of its own members; so that despite the
resolution, despite the decision which supple-
mented it, two questions arise: first, whether
in intention, iu willingness, in motive this Le-
gislature is bound at all by the decision ; but
second and more cogently to my mind, waiving
that question, whether the Legislature without
something to set it in motion beyond its own in-
herent power could reopen the question of who
did or who did not compose its own body, and
proceed now to expel those installed in the
mean time and to restore those who were once
evicted.
Upon the first of these questions there is this
much of evidence: 011 the 4th of February in
the house, and on the 8th of the same month in
the senate, this resolution being then inchoate—
because although it had passed each house it
remained suspended under the consideration
of the Governor, and had not been passed over
his veto nor signed by him—resolutions were
offered specifically pledging or binding the two
houses to act in deference to the decision should
it logically call for the restoration of the colored
members. In one house the resolution was
largely voted down; in the other house it met
with a refusal 011 the threshold, the body declin-
ing to allow it even to be considered. So that
reading together the resolution as it stands and
the fact of refusal deliberately so to alter or
add to it as to relieve it of doubt, a fair ques-
tion at least must arise in the minds of men
disposed to judge temperately and discreetly
whether, if the future rested in the intention
of that Legislature alone there would be a
resting place upon which we might properly
say we will postpone for the present, at least,
congressional intervention.
Upon the other question, without detaining
the Senate, I ask its attention to the utterance,
for example, of Mr. Alexander II. Stephens,
who must command, I think, by the acuteness
of his intellect, by his acknowledged compre-
hension of questions such as this, if he does
not otherwise, great audience in the State of
Georgia; and I may say here, before reading
his language, that, as far as I can gather, one
political party in that State, judging from the
evidence furnished by its acknowledged organs,
is entirely in accord with the judgment ex-
pressed by the writer of this letter, a para-
graph from which I wish to read. After the
rendition of this decision leading men in Geor-
gia—and I have the letters of a number of them
here—were .called upon to express their views
to determine in so far as they thought for the
public the question whether the Legislature
should or would or could, in consequence of
the decision of the court, reseat the expelled
members; and this is the reply of Mr. Stephens,
being in tenor and effect the reply of others to
whom I have referred :
_ " But your question to me is, what effect this decis-
ion of the supremo court now rendered can have
upon tho ease of those members who were decided
by the respective houses of the Legislature not to be
qualified to hold seats therein ? Will it reseat those
excluded members, or are they legally entitled to be
reseated thereby ? To tins there can be but one legal
and judicial answer. That is, no. These cases have
been decided by the only tribunal having constitu-
tional jurisdiction over them, and having been de-
cided they cannot again be opened even by the houses
who decided them. Their judgment, after being
finally, rendered, cannot be again taken up or re-
versed by themselves, any more than the supremo
court itself can go back to the docket of last session
and reverse any of its own judgments then rendered
to the unsettling of the right? of parties therein
