1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3407
ate and is it possible when it is titus submitted
that the Senate is goiug to vote to cut down
the salary of the General and Lieutenant Gen-
eral of its Army ? If that idea is entertained
I desire to say a few words in opposition to it.
I shall not trace, or attempt to trace, the hun-
dred bloodv fields and describe the conflicts
which were" led by the now General of the jj
armies. . . L
Mr. President, it is suggested to me on the ,
left that I move an amendment to leave the i
pay of the General and Lieutenaut General |
where it is.
Mr. STEWART. I have an amendment to
that effect: ;
Provided, That this act 
Mr. NYE. Will my colleague wait a moment.
I insist upon it that this side of Nevada should
have a little chance. [Laughter.] It is sug-
gested to me to move an amendment as to
those officers, and then let the rest of the sec-
tion pass. 1 will move that amendment, and
then—-
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I suggest that we try
the question first on striking out the whole
section.
Mr. NYE. I was about to ask if such an
amendment would be in order when the Sen-
ator from Vermont rose a short time ago.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. It will be-in order j
certainly if this section is not stricken out. ,
Mr. NYE. I will then move my amend-
ment after the vote is taken on striking out.
Certainly with that provision in it, as it stands,
I shall have to vote to strike out.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I ask gen-
tlemen to give me their attention for a moment.
I find the greatest uncertainty as to the effect
of this section if it be adopted. It has been
stated here that the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs of the House insists
that in the aggregate it will produce a reduc-
tion of the expenses of the Army. On the
other hand it is stated that the chairmafi of the
Committee on Military Affairs of the Senate is
of the opinion that it will materially enhance
the expenses.
Mr. NYE. Seven hundred thousand dollars.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not understand it
to be so much as that, but materially enhanced. J
On the other hand there are great reasons for j
preferring the system of payment provided by j
this fifteenth "section to the present system,
doing away with commutations and providing
plainly and fairly and intelligibly what shall be
the pay of officers of the Army. What it is
now we cannot tell. The aggregate amount
of compensation ought not to be increased;
bat yet it may be proper to make this section
in such a shape as to preserve the beneficial
feature of it; that is, the certain, fixed, intel-
ligible pay, without at the same time increas-
ing the aggregate cost. That can only be done
in a committee; it cannot be done in open
Senate. This is a subject of investigation in
a committee to find out how, without increas-
ing the aggregate cost of the Army, you can
so graduate this pay among the several officers
of the Army as to preserve the system provided
for in the fifteenth section.
That is one thing I have to say; and then
there is another feature of the bill about which
there was debate to-day. The amendment of
my colleague was voted down, and the amend-
ment of the Senator from Illinois to the twenty-
first section was adopted. There is a good deal
of difficulty about that, as was suggested by
the Senator from Indiana.
Under these circumstarlees I do not think
the Senate is now prepared to act on this bill;
nor do I think there is any necessity for the
Senate acting upon it now. It can act upon it
in two weeks from now just as well as at pres-
ent. I therefore move that the bill be recom-
mitted to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and on that motion I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to say one word
only. The House of Representatives has passed
a bill; the Senate committee has reported a
substitute for that bill. There is a disagree-
ment to some extent between the bill of the
Senate and that of the House, though the gen-
eral featured of the Senate bill follow that of
the House. I think it would be better to pass
upon our bill and let this matter go back to the
House, and it may possibly in the end lead to
a committee of conference, where the two
Houses can adjust the matter. That is where
in the end it will have to be settled.
Mr. THURMAN. That is the very last thing,
in my judgment, that is desirable. I think that
of all committees to shape legislation a com-
mittee of conference is the worst.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is that the bill be recommitted to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, upon which the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Casserly, Drake, Johnston, Mo-
Creery, Morton, Pratt, Ramsey, Rico, Ross, Sawyer,
O O   -V CUnlrfnn TV.,,*-
vreery, iu.uri.uu, mvo, uyooi uon/ui,
Schurz. Sponcer, Sprague, Stewart, Stockton, Thur-
man, Vickers, and Warner—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony. Boreman, Buckingham,
Chandler, Cole, Corbett. Edmunds, Fenton, Hamilton
of Maryland, Howard, McDonald, Morrill of Maine,
Nye, Osborn, Scott, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Trum-
bull, Williams, and "Wilson—21.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Bayard, Brown-
low, Cameron, Carpenter. Cattell, Conkling, Cragin,
Davis, Ferry, Flanagan, Fowler, Gilbert, Hamilton
of Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Harris, Howe,.Howell,
Kellogg, Lewis, Morrill of Vermont, Norton, Pat-
terson, Pomeroy,Pool, Revels, Robertson, Saulsbury,
Sherman, Willey, and Yates—33.
So the motion to recommit was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the motion of the Senator from
Connecticut, to strike out the fifteenth section.
Mr. NYE. I move to amend the section so
as to make it read:
That the pay of the officers of the.Army shall be
as follows: the pay of the General, Lieutenant Gen-
eral, major generals, and brigadier generals Shall
continue as at present. Tho pay of ooloncls sUall
be $3,500, &c.
And let the rest of the section stand as it is.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That will not accomplish
the purpose, because that will apply only to
the pay proper.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Just strike those officers
out of the section, and then the pay will remain.
Mr. NYE. Very well. I move, then, to strike
out all down to the pay of colonel, in line
seven*
Mr. WILLIAMS. Then insert before the
word " officers," in line two, the words " fol-
io wing-uamed so as to read:
The pay of the following-named officers of the Army
shall be as follows.
And then strike out all down to colonel, so
as not to say anything about the pay of the
General and Lieutenant General.
Mr. NYE. That is my amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Ne-
vada, [Mr. Nyk.]
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, called for
the yeas and nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I shall vote for this
amendment, but I shall still hope that the
whole section will be stricken out.
The question being taken on Mr. Nye 3
amendment, by yeas and nays, resulted—yeas
21, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckingham, ChandleT,
Corbett, Drake, Edmunds, Fenton, Harlan, Mc-
Donald, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Nye, Ramsey,
Rice, Ross. Sawyer, Scott, Sprague, Stewart, W ar-
ner, and Williams—21, , _ .
NAYS—Messrs. Boreman, Casserly. Cole, Cragin,
Hamilton of Maryland, Howard, Johnston, Me-
Creery, Osborn, Pratt, Schurz, Spencer, Stockton,
Sumner, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers, and
Wilson—19
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Bayard, Brown-
low, Cameron, Carpenter, Cattell, Conkling, Davis,
Ferry. Flanagan, Fowler.Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas,
Hamlin, Harris, Howe, Howell, Kellogg. Lewis, Mor-
rill of Vermont, Norton, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool,
Revels, Robertson, Saulsbury, Sherman, Thayer,
Willey, and Yates—32.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now recurs on the motion of the Senator
from Connecticut, to strike out the fifteenth
section.
Mr. SAWYER. In the thirty-eighth lino
the bill reads:
And these sums shall be in full of all commuta-
tion of quarters, fuel, forage, servants' wages and
clothing, longevity rations, and all allowances of
every name and nature whatever.
That is a proviso which speaks of the pay
of colonel and lieutenant colonel. It would
appear that that clause which I have read re-
fers especially to the pay of colonel and lieu-
tenant colonel  
Mr. TRUMBULL. That has already been
amended.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear the
proviso read as amended, beginning at line
thirty-four.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, the Gen-
eral of the Army, if I am not mistaken, receives
about three times as much pay as a judge of the
Supreme Court. His pay amounts to about the
aggregate salary of three judges of the Supreme
Court, in round numbers. The pay of the
Lieutenant General amounts to more than the
aggregate salary of two judges of the Supreme
Court. The pay of the General amounts to
about four times the pay of a Senator in Con-
gress ; the pay of the Lieutenant General some-
where near three times as much. I do not say
that they receive too much pay. Whether
they do or not I do not undertake to determ-
ine ; but this I do say, that there ought to be
some just relationship between the salaries
that are paid to the officers of the Govern-
ment, whether they are in the civil or whether
they are in the military service. I see no rea-
son for putting the military service so much
higher than the civil service; that the General
of the Army shall receive three times the sal-
ary of the Chief Justice of the United States.
After the amendment that has just been adopted,
I shall vote for the motion of the Senator from
Connecticut to strike out the whole section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Con-
necticut, [Mr* Buckingham,] to strike out the
fifteenth section.
The motion to strike out was agreed to;
there being, on a division—ayes 23, noes 14.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I move to amend
the twentieth section, between the fifth and
sixth lines, by adding "Adjutant General."
The object is to repeal that law which pro-
hibits promotions in the Adjutant General's
office.
Mr. STEWART. I think we had better
strike out all of that section after the word
" repealed." 1 do not see why there should
not be promotions in the ordnance department.
A short time agd the chairman of the commit-
tee was eulogizing these staff officers. I do not
see why a discrimination should be allowed,
and why there should be promotions in the
medical department and none in the subsistence
department, the pay department, or the ord-
nance department. If the Senator from Con-
necticut will amend his amendment by strik-
ing out all after the word "repealed" it will
leave promotions in each of the staff depart-
ments.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I have no objection.
Mr. STEWART. Then the motion is to
strike out in the twentieth section all after the
word "repealed."
Mr. MORTON. I desire to sajr one word
in favor of that motion. I am advised that the
commissary department requires to be filled
up, and that there are promotions necessary in
that department; but as the law now stands no
promotions can be made in the commissary
department. Therefore I think all of the sec"
tion should be stricken out after the word
' * repealed.''
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the twentieth
