1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
505
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Independence of Cuba—Mr. Orth.
Ho. 03? Reps.
of our people, and equally unjust to the Admin-
istration, which, in this matter, has acted with
wisdom, caution, and strict adherence to the
laws of Congress and the traditional policy of
the country. We responsible for these horrors!
When or in what manner has the Government
or people ever given aid or countenance in that
direction? No such record darkens our fair
escutcheon. We are as little responsible for
the crimes of the Spaniards in this contest as
wo are for the cold-blooded cruelty of that
dark and bloody day when Quesada, the Cuban
leader, murdered six hundred and fifty of his
prisoners of war in cold blood ! I regret those
horrors; but while I do sol cannot forget that
they were committed by Spaniards on both
sides, Spaniards representing the home Gov-
ernment, and Spaniards engaged in an insur-
rection against its authority. They alone are
responsible for the horrid practices which have
characterized this contest.
Mr. Speaker, the gentleman has told the
House that the majority of the committee does
not recommend the extension of belligerent
rights to the Cubans; that such is not the ob-
ject of their resolutions. If he will put that
declaration distinctly in his resolutions and
declare positively against the recognition of
belligerency there is an end of the controversy.
I will go v/itl: him as far as any man on this
floor in adopting a resolution protesting against
the manner in which the contest is waged by
both parties, as repugnant to the liberal spirit
of the age and in violation of the clearest prin-
ciples of humanity, but I will not sanction by
my vote any course of action which will have
a tendency to make our Government a party to
such contest or entail upon us the results which
must inevitably follow if we accord belligerent
rights to the Cubans.
The gentleman [Mr. Banks] tells us that we
should recognize the belligerency ofthe Cubans
because the republics of Mexico, _ Peru, and
Chili have done so. Sir, I trust it will be a
long time before the United States of America
will follow such precedents. We have had uo
quarrel with Spain. Those Governments in
Central and South America that have taken
this course have had their quarrels with Spain.
The steps which they have thus prematurely
taken may be the result of the old hatred en-
gendered in former contests and transmitted
from father to son, rather than that strict
observance of national law and national pro-
priety which should characterize the intercourse
of nations.
Mr. Speaker, I repeat we have no quarrel
with Spain, and no cause for any quarrel. _ She
was among the earliest of our allies and friends
ill our national intancy, and such^ friendship
has continued from 1T7G to 1S70. She has ful-
filled all her treaty stipulations with this Gov-
ernment. In the diplomatic history Oi ourcoun-
tiy there cannot be found a single instance of
any serious differences between us and the Span-
ish Government. Why, then, should appeals
be made with reference to the atrocities Oi toe
Spanish authorities in Cuba for the purpose of
influencing our judgment, or to induce us to
take a eoiuse which can bring to us, in the eyes
of the world, and in our own eyes, nothing but
national dishonor?
In this connection also let us not forget that
the Spanish people are now and for nearly two
years have been engaged in reforming their
Government and liberalizing their institutions.
A faithless queen iias been driven from her
throne and is now wandering in exile, while her
patriotic republican leaders, with a firmness
and prudence which are most commendable, are
engaged in the great work of securing popular
rights ; of wiping out the curse of slavery from
Spanish territory; of establishing and solidify-
ing institutions in the interest of freedom ana
humanity. The Spam of to-day in these re-
spects is not the Spain of the past. She has
ceased to be " Bourbon and as revolutions
never go backward we may safely predict that
she will never be " Bourbon" again. Under
these circumstances are not the republicans of
Spain entitled to at least a portion of our sym-
pathy? At least it behooves us not to take
advantage of their present weakness.
Again, we are told by the chairman that
American citizens alone are without protec-
tion, that American citizens alone have their
rights invaded. Well, what is the fact? You
may all recollect that a Mr. Greemvaid was
shot there some time during this winter, and
his case was a" trump-card" for the filibuster-
ing element in this country for a week or two.
The cry went forth that an "American citizen"
was shot down in the streets of Havana, an
American citizen brutally murdered !'' These
changes were rung from the junta at New York
to the Cuban influences which surround this
Capitol; but when it turned out that Green-
wald was not an American citizen, but a sub-
ject of Prussia, we heard no more of that
American martyr. His case proves at least
that the Americans are not the only persons
who are in danger of being assaulted and their
lives taken by a lawless mob, either in the
streets of Havana or in the sweets of any
other city.
Now, has the Prussian Government at tempted
to recognize the independence of Cuba, or to
accord belligerent rights, because one of her
subjects happened to be killed by an irrespons-
ible mob? Not at all, sir. That Government
proposes no such impolitic proceeding.
Tf it be true, as alleged, that our citizens are
more frequently in trouble than those of other
countries, there must be some valid reason
therefor; and instead of indulging in needless
complaints, let us try and ascertain the reason;
aud when ascertained, let us not fail to apply
the remedy. Is it not a part of our current
history, that among a portion of our people
there exists a reprehensible spirit of " fili-
bustering," a disposition to interfere with the
domestic concerns of our neighbors? and this
spirit is more frequently encouraged than rep-
robated. Even in these Halls sentiments find
utterance which stimulate the thoughtless to
the belief that it is the mission of the^ Ameri;
can to become a propagandist of ''liberty,"
and to force other peoples, against their con-
sent, to adopt our institutions of Government?
Such is not the duty of our people ; and every
good citizen should exert himself to correct
this false sentiment, which can result only in
trouble and disaster to those who are thus
misled and deceived.
Has the gentleman [Mr. Banks] who ad-
dressed us so eloquently this morning on the
wrongs and outrages inflicted by the Spanish
authorities upon American citizens, and the
immunities enjoyed by the subjects of Great
Britain, overheard of any filibustering expedi-
tion fitted out in England, owned by English-
men, with English soldiers on board, to take
part in this contest in Cuba against the Spanish
authorities? Notone. Hence, of course, Eng-
lishmen are not molested. Why? Because the
Englishman respects the law of the land in
which he may temporarily be residing, while
Americans who have gone there have gone as
outlaws from their own country, trampling
under foot our laws, which made_ it a misde-
meanor to engage in any contest in a foieign
nation with which we are at peace. Should
the Englishman pursue a similar course he
would doubtless meet with a similar fate^.
Whenever we cease to interfere with the
rights of our neighbors, und lecognize the fact
that we are bound by solemn treaties as well
as by the law of nations to refrain from^ these
unlawful practices, we shall have none of these
troubles.
It pained me. Mr. Speaker, to hear the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs
speak as he did in reference to the late mes-
sage of the President of the United States on
the subject now under consideration. I may
refer to that again before I close, but I desire
to say here and now that the position of the
Administration on this whole subject, ever
since the outbreak of hostilities in Cuba, has
been characterized by a wise, just, and patri-
otic policy, one which will commend itself to
and receive the approval of the sober judg-
ment of the American people. So much,.then,
for positions taken by the gentleman from
Massachusetts.
I yield to no gentleman on the floor of this
House in expressions of sympathy for any peo-
ple who, suffering from oppression, are fighting
for independence. It is an American sentiment
that all men should be free. These generous
impulses are part of our nature; they are the
earliest impressions of our childhood; we re-
ceive them in lineal descent from revolutionary
ancestors; they are the proudheritage of every
American. Butpersonal sympathy must not be
permitted to influence official action in deroga-
tion of the just rights ofothers. If my sympathy
could give the Cubans independence and sepa-
rate nationality they should have it before the
going down ofthe sun. But, sir, when I am asked
to entangle the Government in a controversy in
which we have everything to lose and nothing
to gain, I cannot do it; I dare not do it, and
I have the fullest confidence that this House
will not do it.
Now, then, Icomoto the questions presented
by the two reports before the House for its
consideration. The first is that of the majority,
which in my judgment grants to the Cubans the
rights of belligerents. If it do not, it is as to
the struggling Cubans merely so much blank
paper.
Let us not be deceived in the propositions
which are before us. The first resolution of
the majority recites—
Xhat the President of tho United States be, and
hereby is, authorized and instructed to declare and
maintain a strictly impartial neutrality on the part
of the (tovernment of the United States in the con-
test now exisUns between tho people of Cuba aud
the Government of the kingdom of iSpain.
Theword "contest" is synonymous with war.
It has been so decided by the courts everywhere.
A declaration by this House that war exists in
Cuba, and that as to the parties to sucli war wo
shall be neutral, is an acknowledgment of tho
belligerency of tho parties engaged in the war.
When that acknowledgment is made by this
Government, either through its legislative or its
executive branch, all the consequences which
by law result from a state of belligerency would
instantly attach to us. Let none vote for this
proposition in the belief that it invoivas us in
no responsibility, but simply tenders to the
Cubans, who are struggling for independence
and nationality, our sympathy. We are called
upon to say by a legislative act that the Cubans
are insurgents and engaged in a war with Spam ;
that it is "a contest" between two "belliger-
ents," instead of an attempt of one party (and
that, too, a very limited portion of the peoplo
of Cuba) to throw off the authority ofthe parent
Government.
The golden rule, Mr. Speaker, is at all times
a good one fo observe. Need I recall to your
recollection the feeling that existed ail through
this country in 18G1, when the European Gov-
ernments, one ol'ter another, were according
belligerent rights to the rebels? Did we not
everywhere condemn it as an unjustifiable
attempt to participate in our domestictroubles?
And the reason why we did not treat it as an
act of war was because we had our hands full
with the rebellion at home.
Now, then, we aio asked to do that which
wo condemned in them. Look at the difference
in the circumstances under which France,
Spain, England, and Russia acknowledged
that the rebellion was a belligerent power and
