1870.
THE COJSTGRESSIOJSTAL GLOBE.
2463
require that tins subject shall go where the
enemies of General Howard want it to go.
Let it bo examined by the committee that
they name lor conducting the investigation.
This committee will take the responsibility
and will discharge its duties iaithfully. What
ihe facts may be I of course do not know. 1
hope, however, that our committee will not be
passed ovec in the manner proposed.
Allow me to add, that the bill to which the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard]
has referred does not transfer the Freedmen's
Bureau; it merely transfers the educational
department of that bureau, leaving all the re-
sponsibility of the institution upon General
Howard. I repeat, that this matter should be
investigated by the committee through whose
hands that bill should have passed.
Mr. DAWES. I modify my motion so as
to read as follows:
Resolved, Thatthcstatemcntmade this morning by
Hon. Fernando Wood, of New York, be referred to
the Comimtteeon Education and Labor, with,instruc-
tions tomvestigate allthecharges therein.contained,
and with authority to send for persons and papers.
I make this modification because, on an ex-
amination of the list of committees, I find that
on the committee first suggested—the Commit-
tee on Freedmen's Affairs—theroisno member
of the other side of the House. Hence, I think
it better that the subject, should be referred to
the Committee on Education and Labor, upon
which committee the minority of the House
have a representation. I call the previous
question.
Mr. COX. I hope the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts will allow me one word. I desire
to say, with his permission, I favor his amend-
ment.
Mr. DAWES. There is no gentleman on the
Democratic side of the House on the Commit-
tee on Freedmen's Affairs, and inasmuch as
the Committee on Education ancl Labor have
had under consideration the bill upon which
these charges have arisen, and inasmuch as
ihe gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. McNeely,]
a member of the other side, is on that com
inittee, I have moved the amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will report the
resolution as it now stands.
The Clerk read as follows:
That the statement made this morning
by ilon. Ferxando Wood, of New York, in reference
to General 0.0. Howard, be referred to the Commit-
tee on Education and Labor, with instructions to
investigate all the charges therein contained, and
with authority to send for persons and papers.
Mr. DAWES. I now yield to the gentleman
from Ohio.
Mr. COX. Gentleman from New York,
if you please. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. Yes, the gentleman from
New York.
Mr. COX. 1 can only represent one State
at a time.
Mr. Speaker, I have had some experience
of this business of investigating committees.
My friend from Massachusetts has also had
some experience. He knows that generally
these investigating committees in their result
somehow or other tend "to whitewash" those
they investigate. I found here that was the
result of the investigation of my friend from
Massachusetts. On the contrary, he acted
fairly and justly. I have had some experience
in thefirst weeks of tbissession, and Ikuow the j
difficulty of having a fair, straightforward report j
made by a committee of investigation even with ;
adverse members on the committee, and even :
whete it concerns the highest officers of the |
Government. And if this investigation is re- 1
ferred to the Committee on Freedmen's Affairs,
with no member of the Opposition on it, it
will be looked upon by the country as a mere
"'whitewashing" arrangementirom tkebegiti-
ning to the end; and the friends of General
Howard himself, if they desire a faii\ full in-
vestigation and honest vindication ot him from
these charges, should send it to a committee
where there will be some chance ot cross-
examination, and where there will be a full
summoning of all witnesses with a view to
elicit the truth about these matters. T am
therefore in favor of the amendment offered
by the gentleman from Massachusetts, and
especially am I in favor of it because there
is on this Committee on Education and Labor
two members from this side of the House,
.members who will do full justice to this investi-
gation, the gentleman from Illinois [Mr, Mc-
Neely,] and the gentleman from Arkansas,
[Mr. Rogers.]
A Member. Mr. Rogers is an Independent.
Mr. COX. I would rather trust him, then,
than some of the Radical gentlemen on the
other side who have expressed opinions about
these charges.
Mr. DAWES. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Maine.
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, I wish to say
to the House, for I think it well enough, that
this is not the first time these charges have
been made upon thisfloor; that the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Wood,] indirectly at
least, intimated them in the last Congress, and
I recollect the eloquent manner in which they
were replied to by the gentleman, then upon
the floor, who now occupies the Speaker's
chair. I wish to say further, these charges
having been "bandied" through some Demo-
cratic newspapers, they were sifted through
and through by the Committee on Retrench-
ment of the two Houses of Congress, the
chairman on the part of the House being the
honorable gentleman from Rhode Island, [Mr.
Jexckes,] and after they had examined wit-
nesses and taken evidence, and investigated
books, and after having that sincere, God-made,
honest man, Howard, before them, with vouch-
ers and papers and everything else, they not
only lound no evidence, but not an iota, not a
scintilla upon which the foulest slanderer in
the land could stand up and say to General
Howard "Thou art a guilty man."
I wish to put these remarks in hero at this
time upon record, to show that this is an old,
dry, worn-out charge, which heretofore has
been completely refuted. And as a Represent-
ative from the State of Maine, proud of ihe
name and fame of General Howard, lam willing
to see these things taken notice of more seri-
ously and more formally than heretofore. I do
not care to what committee of this House, or
of what members composed; to whom the matter
may be referred ; for, sir, knowing this man
and his race and all about him, and believing
in him, I defy any man or any committee to
find anything, from his youth up, upon which
justly to found one single charge of dishonesty
in his public, in his private, in his military, or
in his social life. Having said so much I have
said all I desire.
Mr. DAWES. Fully believing that such will
be the report of the committee, and desirous
that such report may be a document preserved
among the archives of the nation, I now move
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and uader the oper-
ation thereof Mr. Dawes's resolution was
agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by winch the resolution was agreed to: and
also moved that the motion to reconsider b§
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I ask unanimous consent to
offer a resolution. 1 think it will be evident
to every member of this House that under the
practice which has grown up the House is at
the mercy of any member who may use to offer
a personal explanation. In order that that
privilege may be brought within proper restric-
tions I offer the following resolution:
il'XiiThat the Committee on the Itules be in-
structed to inquueinto the expediency of restrict-
ing, by an additional rale, if tile same be iieep^iivy,
l.he course ot remarks by any member obtaining ihe
tloor of the House lor a personal explanation.
Mr. CLEVELAND. 1 object-
Mr. SCHENCK. I demand the regular order
of business.
FBRTIIEIt REMEDIAL JUSTICE.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness having been called, the morning hour will
now commence, at ten minutes past one, the
business being the calling of committees for
reports. The call rests with the Committee
on the Revision of the Laws, and the pending
question is upon the bill reported from that
committee (II. li.. No. 340) to extend tjie pro-
visions of an act to provide further remedial
justice in the courts of the United States,
approved August 29, 1842.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill,
which had been read in part yesterday.
The bill in its first section provides that in
addition to the cases prescribed by the act to
provide for the remedial justice in the courts
of the United States, approved August 29,
1842, for granting writs of habeas corpus, such
writs shall be granted and such proceedings
shall be had thereupon as the said act pre-
scribes, wlieneverany person has been illegally
seized within the dominions of any foreign
State or sovereignty with which the United
States are at peace, and brought and restrained
of his liberty within the United States, and the
restoration of such person is demanded by the
Government within whose jurisdiction ho was
so taken.
The second section providesthat such demand
of a foreign Government may be proved by a
certificate of the Secretary of State under the
seal of his Department, and that upon the
application for the writ of habeas corpus, and
in the proceedings thereupon, copies of any
depositions taken in the State, province, or
country where the illegal seizure was made,
laid before this Government by the diplomatic
representative of such Slate or country, and
duly certified by the Secretary of State, shall
be admitted as prima facie evidence of the
facts stated therein.
The third section provides that if, upon con-
sideration of all the evidence, it shall be found
that the prisoner was captured and brought
within the United States without the authority
and m violation of the laws of the Government
in whose jurisdiction the capture was made, it
slit 11 be the duty of the court to make an order
requiting the marshal of the United States to
transport such prisoner, at the expense and
under the safeguard of the United States, to
the place from which he was taken or to the
placc appointed for bis delivery by the Presi-
dent, and there to deliver him to the agent
appointed for that purpose by the Government
demanding his restoration, or, in default of the
designation of such agent, to set him at liberty.
The fourth section provides that whosoever
shall, without lawful authority, forcibly seize
or detain any other person illegally abducted
from the territory or jurisdiction of a foreign
Slate or Power in amity with the United States,
or shall be accessory to such abduction or de-
tention, shall upon conviction be punished by
imprisonment not exceeding five years or fine
not exceeding —-, or both, in the discretion
of the court pronouncing sentence. Every
offense hereby prohibited may be tried either
in the district in which the same was commit-
ted or in any district through which the person
so kidnapped or detained shall have been taken
while under such detention.
The fifth section provides that upon the trial
of any offense under this act the consent of the
person so kidnapped or detained shall not be
a defense, unless it appear satisfactorily to tne
jury that such consent was not extorted by
duress or obtained by intimidation or fraud.
Mr. POLAND. 'There are some amend-
ments which I desire to offer from the commit-
tee. The first is to amend section^ two by
striking out the words "prima fdcic ' in the
ninth line, and all after the word " evidence ''
m the ninth line; so that the clause will lead .
Sec 2 And he it further cnacted. That such demand
of a foreign Government maybe proved by aeertiii-
