2464
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
cato of the Secretary of Stato under the seal of his
Department, and that upon the application fortho
writ of habeas eonms, and in tko proceedings there-
upon, copies of any depositions taken in the State,
province, or country whero the illegal seizure was
inado, laid before this Governmontby the Jiplomatio
representative of suchStatc or country, and duly cer-
tified by the Secretary of State, shall bo admitted as
evidence.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POLAND. I now move to amend the
bill by striking out section four and inserting
the following in lieu thereof:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That whoever
shall without lawful authority foroibly seize any
porson within tho territory or jurisdiction of a for-
eign State or Power in amity with theUnited States,
nnd bring such person within tho territory or juris-
diction of the United States; and any person who
shall bo accessory to such abduction or detention,
or shall forcibly detain any person so illegally soized
or abducted, shall upon conviction thereof bo pun-
ished by imprisonment not exceeding five years or
bjf fine not oxcecdins $5,000, or both, in the discretion
of tho court. Every offense hereby prohibited may
bo tried either in the district in which such person
shall bo so abducted or in any district in wbieh such
abducted person shall have been detained while
under such dotention.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POLAND. X now movo to amend by
striking out the fifth section and inserting tho
following in lieu thereof:
Sec. 5. And be it further enactcd, Thut writs of
habeas corpus under this act, or under tho act of
which this isan addition,may bcissued byany judgo
of the Supremo Court of tho United States, or any
circuit judgo within his cireuit, or any district: judgo
within his district, subject to tho samo risrht ol'
appeal provided for by the original act.
The amendment was agreed to.
"Mr. COX. With the permission of my friend
from Vermont, [Mr. Poland,] I should like to
make a remark or two. This bill is a good deal
more important in its character than members
perhaps may be aware of. And I should like
to see a very full vote upon it, and ail expres-
sion of opinion on the part of members of the
House with regard to the object of the measure
reported by the committee. I can see where
there may be complications in the future, not
merely on our Canadian border, but on our
Mexican border, in carrying out the execution
of tho law. I do not say that the mischief which
this bill seeks to remedy ought not to be reme-
died or that it is not properly remedied in the
mode pointed out by the gentleman from Ver-
mont. lie lives on tho border, and knows best
the nature of the circumstances which are pro-
vided for by this bill. But I would like to have
him in a few words place on the records tho
precise object which he desires to accomplish
by this measure, in order that the House may
give it, if possible, its unanimous sanction.
Mr. POLAND. This bill, as its title im-
ports, is to extend the provisions of an aet
passed in 1842, and it is perhaps proper to say
a word in relation to what that act of 1842 is.
The aet of 1842 was passed in consequence of
a difficulty about tho steamboat Caroline and
the HcLeod trial that grew out of it. That act
provides that when any person is imprisoned
within the United States, and he claims that
the act charged against him was done under
the authority of a foreign Government, he nlay
apply to any judge of the United States, either
of the Supreme Court, or a district judge, to
inquire into that matter upon a writ of habeas
corpus, and if it is found that lie was acting as
an officer or agent of a foreign Government,
and in such manner as to be protected by its
authority, then, under the writ of habeas cor-
pus, which the judge is authorized to issue, ho
could be discharged.
This bill proposes to extend the machinery
of that act to another class of cases entirely; and
that is, notkidnappingoutof this country, which
is ordinarily understood to be unlawfully taking
some person out of tho country, but it is to
prevent kidnapping into the country. Along
the border, where 1 have lived all my lifetime,
cases of this sort arise. Frequently a man who
fears that he is going to be arrested upon civil
process or upon criminal process escapes across
the line into the neighboring Dominion. Men
who have been arrested by officers freauently
escape and go over the line into CanaSa. It
is very tempting under these circumstances for
the officers, instead of applying to our Govern-
ment and having an interchange between the
two Governments, just to slip over the line and
take the parties by force and bring them back.
This bill does not undertake to provide for any -
remedy for the person who is unlawfully brought
over. But great embarrassments have arisen
to the Government in consequence of it. Fre-
quent complaints have been made to tho Gov-
ernmentthat somebody from this side has gone
over unlawfully and seized persons and brought
them over to this side, and there is no machinery
provided bylaw by which the Government can
send such persons back, by which they can
make any restoration or restitution in such
cases.
I may say to tho gentleman from New York
[Mr. Cox] that I did not draw this bill. It is
a bill sent to me from the State Department.
Complications and difficulties have arisen at
that Department, from the fact that citizens
this side have unlawfully invaded tho British
dominions and seized souio persons forcibly
and brought them over to this side, and tho
Government have been callcd upon for redress,
and they were utterly unable to comply for
want of any power. This bill is intended
to provide for just that class of cases, and it
only provides for that class of cases where a
foreign Government may consider it, of sufli-
cient importance for them to interfere and call
upon our Government. The judgo is not au-
thorized by this bill to issue a writ of habeas
corpus except where there is a regular demand
by a foreign Government upon ours. Where
that is done, then the judge is authorized to
inquire into it, and if it be found that persons
from this country have gone into a neighbor-
ing country, and unlawfully seized a person
against his will aud brought him over to this
side, and here restrained his liberty, the judgo
is authorized upon writ of habeas corpus to
direct that that person shall be sent back.
Mr. COX. I suppose the gentleman from
Vermont has considered tho point that this bill
reaches further than to tho British border and
the Mexican border. I suppose tho committee
have considered the fact that the coolie business
and Chinese immigration may bo more or less
stimulated by the conduct of our own citizens,
and this bill ought to bo very well guarded, and
I suppose it is; for if it is to be carried out it
may give rise to a great deal of litigation and
a great many complications in California. I
do not know the precise bearingof the bill; but
1 suppose my friend has considered all these
matters, both in the light of humanity and in
the light of legality.
Mr. POLAND. If persons from this coun-
try were to go to China and forcibly seize a man
and bring lnm here it would be a case within
this bill. But if a person should go to China
and deceive some person so that ho will volun-
tarily come here it would not bring the case
within this bill. I agree that if a person should
go to China and forcibly abduct a Chinaman
and bring him here, and then restrain him of
his liberty, it would make a case that would
come within this bill. But I confess that we
did not think of tliit exact case; it was not
within the range of our inquiry, because we
had no reasonable expectation that such acaso
would happen. I think the bill is entirely safe
in its provisions and one that is called for.
As I said, it was drawn at the State Depart-
ment and sent to me.
Mr. NIBLACK. Will the gentleman yield
to me a moment?
Mr. POLAND. Certainly.
Mr. NIBLACK. The gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr. Poland] has informed us that when
they prepared this bill they did not have the
Chinaman particularly in view. I think in
that respect tlie committee has made a mis-
take ; for. in my opinion, the Chinaman is one
of the coming men and ought to bo looked
after in all the future legislation of this coun-
try in reference to men of foreign races. Now,
I think the gentleman should consent to have
this bill recommitted and considered in refer-
ence to the interests of Chinamen as well as
the interests of other races. I insist that this,
is a very serious matter, and one worthy the
consideration of any committee of this House.
Mr. POLAND. I suppose it will not be
deemed necessary i'or me to take any time to
reply to the joke of my friend. I therefore call
the previous question.
The previousquestion was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. POLAND moved to reconsider the vote
by which tho bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EVIDENCE IN THE DEPARTMENTS.
Mr. POLAND, from the Committee on
Revision of Laws ofthe United States, reported
back, with a substitute, a bill (H. R. No. 610)
to simplify and reduce the expense of taking
testimony iu establishing claims for bounties
and pensions.
T'lio question was upon agreeing to the sub-
stitute.
The substitute, which was read, provides that
whenever any evidence or document shall have
been liled in either of the Departments of the
Government in support of any right or claim
made by any person or party, and such person
or party desires to use the same evidence
or documents in either of the other Depart-
ments, ho may make application in writing to
the head of tke Department, or the chief of
the bureau in such Department having charge
or custody of such evidence or documents, for
a copy thereof, particularly specifying the evi-
dence or document of which a copy is desired ;
and that such person or party shall be furnished
with a copy duly certified by the head of such
Department or chief of such bureau, and that
such copy may be filed to be used by such per-
son or party m support of any right or claim
in either of the other Departments with the
same forcc and effect as the original evidence
or document.
The substitute was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. POLAND moved to reconsider the vote
by which tho bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider bo laid on the
fable.
The latter motion was agreed to.
forms of enactment of laws., etc.
Mr. POLAND, from the Committee on
Revision ol' Laws of the United States, re-
ported back, with an amendment, House bill
No. 1351, prescribing the forms ofthe enacting
and resolving clauses of acts and resolutions
of Congress, and rules for the construction
thereof.
The first section of the bill, which was read,
provides that the enacting clause of all acts of
Congress hereafter enacted shall be in the fol-
lowing form: " It is enacted by the Congress
of the United Slates as follows;" and that the
resolving clause of all joint resolutions shall
be in the following form : " Resolved by the
Congress of the United States as follows;" and
single resolutions of either House of Congress
shall bo in tho same form, except the word
"Senate" or "House of Representatives''
shall be substituted for the word " Congress,''
and that no further enacting or resolving words
shall be used in any subsequent section or res-
olution after the first.
The second section provides that in all acts
hereafter passed words importing the singular
