506
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 14,
Ho. oj? Reps.
Independence of Cuba—Mr, Orth.
41st Coxg....2d Sess.
ought to be accorded belligerent^ rights. Let
us for a moment draw a comparison between
the rebellion in our own country and this
" rebellion" in Cuba. At the time belligerency
was accorded by the European Governments
eleven States had seceded from this Union and
organized separate State governments. These
seceding States had also organized a confed-
erate government. They had their capital.
They hud their president. They had their con-
gress. They had their courts exercising abso-
lute, unlimited, and unrestrained jurisdiction
over their whole territory, with an army count-
ing its soldiers by the thousand and tens of
thousands.
What is to-day the civil and military status
of the Cubans? We see there a few roving
bands of patriots—I am sorry that there are
not more of them—fleeing from town to town,
from mountain fastness to mountain fastness,
with no seat of power, with no recognized seat
of government, with not a single court dis-
pensing justice between man and man, with
no congress or legislature deriving its power
from the consent of the people whom tliey
claim to govern, with no sea-port in which to
carry the vessels which might be captured by
their cruisers after we have granted to them
belligerent rights. All of these things the
rebels had during the rebellion. The Cubans
have none of them at this hour. Yet we are
called upon to do that which with ono voice,
with one sentiment, throughout the length and
breadth of this laud, wo condemned as out-
rageous and wrong on the part of the nations
of Europo toward us. Let us apply to our-
sslves the golden rule, to "do unto others
that which we would they should do to us,"
and we will hardly follow the example which
we so heattily and so universally condemned
in others.
My honorable friend [Mr. Banks] has not
(old us what advantages are to accrue to the
Cubans by the adoption of this resolution.
How will it strengthen their cause; how will it
furnish them with the sinews of war so neces-
sary for a successful termination of their strug-
gle? Will it change the character of the war?
That can only be done by changing and im-
proving the character of the combatants, and
I submit that a resolution of Congress liardly
possesses such potency.
Will it enable the Cubans to get one single
gun or one single soldier? Not at all. The
acknowledgment of belligerent rights will place
the Cuban patriots in a worse position than they
aro to-day. What aio their 1 ights to-day under
our neutrality act? To go into the markets of
New York or Philadelphia and openly pur-
chase every gun they have the money to pay
for, and when so purchased they can place
those guns on board a vessel ond float them to
any port in Cuba in which they can effect a
landing.
The gentleman [Mr. Baxks] will not deny
that such is the right of the Cubans to-day
under our law. What further can they do, after
having thus shipped their guns and munitions
of war for a Cuban port ? They can then dis-
patch another vessel, with just as many men on
board as they had guns in the former vessel.
When these vessels have gone a marine league
from our shores they can unite their cargoes
of men and guns, and can proceed to Cuba and
carry on war without molestation on the part
of the Government of the United States. All
this is now permitted by our laws, the prohibi-
tion being merely against fitting out "armed
expeditions," that is, vessels carrying men and
guns, on our shores or within our maritime
jurisdiction.
Such being the true position of the Cubans
under our neutrality act, let us look at it calmly
and see whether those whom gentlemen wish
to befriend by their proposed action would re-
ceive any substantial benefit from an aclcn®wl-
edgment of belligerency. Let us come down
from the regions of clouds, of mists and of sur-
mises, to which the eloquence of the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. BaxesJ carried us,
and, standing upon the solid earth, let us exam-
ine carefully the action he commends and its
effect upon ourselves and those whom he hopes
to benefit.
If we pass this resolution, and thus accord
belligerent rights to the Cubans, they cannot
get a man nor a gun afloat without being sub-
jected to search, seizure, and confiscation. The
Spaniards can then bring their "floating bat-
teries" from Cuba within one marine league
of New York, and scarch vessels, whether Cu-
ban or American, and if munitions of war,
which by the passage of this resolution become
contraband of war, are found on board they
are liable to confiscation to the Spanish Gov-
ernment. Hence this resolution, if passed,
will be but "a stone instead of bread" to the
Cuban patriots.
Theso are in brief the legal consequences
resulting from a state of belligerency, so far as
the Cubans are concerned.
What will be the effect of belligerency on
American commerce is to us a most serious
question. By it we recognize the Cubans as
an "enemy" of Spain, and bring ourselves
directly within the provisions of the twelfth
article of the treaty of 1793, which is in the
following words:
"Akt. 12. The merchant ships of either of tho
parlies which bhull bo imtkms into a pore bolonsin^
to tho cnowy of tho other party, sind concerning
whoso voyuge and tho species of goods on boaid her
there sh.'ill be just giound'i of suspicion, stnill bo
obliged to exhibit,as well upon tho hifrh seas as in
tho ports and havens, not only her pass ports, but like-
wise certificates expressly showing that her goods aro
not of tho number of those which have been pro-
hibited as contraband."
So soon as this " state of war" is recognized
by us, so soon as we acknowledge Cuba to be
"the enemy" of Spain, we subject all our
merchant vessels, all our commerce to tho
right of Spain, tinder our treaty with her, to
detain and search, " as well on the high seas
as in ports and havens," any vessel sailing
under our flag, whenever Spain has "just
grounds" for believing that such vessel carries
any article " contraband of war."
Are we prepared to take this step ? Aro we
willing thus to place our commerce at the
mercy of Spanish freebooters and Spanish
rapacity, and inflict untold losses upon a large
and rapidly growing American interest, an
interest which needs the fostering care of our
Government, instead of being thus needlessly
and foolishly placed in jeopardy? The rebel
cruisers during the rebellion swept our com-
merce from the ocean. Returning peace has
revived it; and now it is proposed again to
subject it to all the uncertainties and hazards
iucident to adeclaration of Cuban belligerency.
But my honorable friend from Massachusetts
[Mr. Banks] says the Supreme Court has de-
cided that because the form of the " passport"
was omitted from the schedule to tho treaty,
therefore that portion of it is invalid. Grant-
ing, for the sake of the argument, that the
decision to which the gentleman refers has
this effect, let me ask him, in tho words of a
homely expression, whether that position does
not take us "out of the frying-pan into the
fire?" If that position be correct—and for
the sake of the argument I am willing to admit
it—by our action we place ourselves where
the laws of nations placed us prior to the ratifi-
cation of that treaty, to wit, unlimited right of
search for contraband ot war. Our people,
though naturally sympathizing with all who
appear to be struggling for independence, are
not willing that their sympathy shall assume a
form which may be so detrimental to our com-
mercial interests, and which is calculated seri-
ously to compromit our national honor. That
honor is as yet unsullied before the world, and
those who, for the time being, are charged
with its preservation should do nothing which
can in the remotest degree tend to tarnish it.
On the other hand, Mr. Speaker, the report
of the minority recommends the adoption of a
permanent foreign policy for the future, in refer-
rence to contests that may spring up on the
American continent, or in the adjacent islands,
between the colonies and the parent Govern-
ments. That policy is this : that in all such
contests we shall say through our national
Legislature that our Government and citizens
shall not take any part whatever.
If struggles arise we are to remain strictly
neutral between the contending parties. Should
any of the British provinces, for instance, revolt
against the home Government, it is not our
interest or our duty to lend them any assist-
ance; and so, on the other hand, should Great
Britain attempt to subjugate the insurgents,
she shall not have any assistance from us in
accomplishing her object. This, with us, is
the part of wisdom ; and let us now declare
to the world that hereafter this shall be our
position.
We want peace with all the world, entang-
ling alliances with no nation or peoples. We
have our own duty and our own destiny, and
that is to do justice to others, to compel, if
need be, justice to ourselves; to engage in no
quarrels, or strifes, or wars which we can with
honor avoid; to husband our resources ; to
educate and elevate our people; to develop
the material wealth with which a kind Provi-
dence has blessed us; to repair the great losses,
the terrible destruction of our late troubles,
and to continue to give to the world the bright
example of a nation discharging all its duties
and all its functions in the spirit of an enlight-
ened and elevated humanity. We are not a
nation of buccaneers or filibusters. We have
wise lavvs upon our statute-books; we desire
to have those laws obeyed. We have upon us
the obligations of treaties, into which we have
voluntarily entered ; let us honorably stand
by and respect every such obligation. Such
has been our past history, and such I fondly
hope and believe will be our future history.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Banks] has, among others, invoked the name
of General Jackson. Sir, that is a name re-
vered by all Americans, and 1 am glad he has
appealed to it. I thank him for doing so.
There are many within the sound of my voice
who will recollect the feeling that grew up in
this country consequent upon the declaration
of independence by Texas against the republic
of Mexico. Many of our own people had gone
there to seek homes, and in process of time
had raised tho flag of independence. Our
sympathies were naturally enlisted in their
favor, because they were men speaking our
language and deeply imbued with a love of
our institutions.
The Texans soon furnished evidence to the
world that they would be able to maintain their
declaration. They organized an independent
government and maintained that organization ;
they established courts of justice, enforced the
laws of their own making, and protected the
rights of their citizens. They had an army
suflicient to meet the enemy and drive him from
their soil; while the Mexican president was a
prisoner in the hands of General Houston.
In this condition of affairs, differing in every
essential particular from the condition of the
Cubans to-day, a clamor came from different
parts of the country urging that our Govern-
ment should recognize the independence of
Texas. General Jackson was the President
of the United States, and in a special message
to Congress, on the 21st day of December,
1836, called the attention of Congress and the
country—precisely as President Grant did on
yesterday—to the situation of affairs in Texas,
and suggesting—as President Grant has sug-
