208
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
adjudicated; much less can this judgment of tho
supreme court legally affect in any way the action
of the two houses in the premises. It can have no
binding or obligatory effect whatever upon the past
or future action of the houses of the General Assem-
bly upon the question, for by the constitution, as
stated above, each house is the sole and exclusive
judge of this question, so far as membership of their
respective bodies is concerned, for all time to come,
or so long as the constitution shall remain as it is on
that point."
So that I say to those sincerely of opinion
that intervention now is premature, that waiv-
ing other objections to delay, simply referring
without aid this question to the Legislature of
Georgia, would expose us to the contingencies
not only arising from the intentions of those
composing that Legislature, but to the greater
contingencies involved in the question whether
in truth they have the power now of their own
motion to reinstate the question which long
since passed away from their action, and as-
sume, however willing they might be, to reseat
the members whose seats they vacated.
Mr. President, having risen for the purpose
of making this statement—which, by the by,
I should not have made but for the fact that
the honorable Senator from Wisconsin who
has this bill in charge omitted all general
exposition of the views of the committee—I
will now say a word about the pending amend-
ment, the offering of which has been to me a
matter of regret. The bill came here without
that familiar provision, of course not from inat-
tention of the committee. The omission was
not accidental, it was intentional, for reasons
which, one by one, and finally in consequence
of the suggestion made by the Senator from
Connecticut, have come, I believe, nearly all
of them, before the Senate.
The committee—perhaps more strictly speak-
ing I ought to say that as one member of the
committee I thought, and I believe it was the
view of the committee, that as a general rule
it was always a mistake unnecessarily to bor-
row a question ; that it was never statesmanlike
or lawyerlike unnecessarily to do a thing which
required explanation, apology, or defense; and
in view of this general idea we looked for some
advantage to be derived from saying upon the
record why concurrence in a particular amend-
ment proposed to the Constitution should be a
sine qua non to the State of Georgia resuming
statehood and relationship. When we had
looked we were unable to find any trace of
that advantage ; and having listened attentively
to the debate, I confess myself now utterly
unable to see the advantage which is to be
derived from this amendment. Everybody can
see the disadvantage of the questions to which
it give3 rise, and the chief answer to those
questions has been furnished by the Senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Drake,] who says in sub-
stance, "where will you find your day in court,
where will they find their day in court, who pro-
pose to argue such a question? Where is the
forum? Is the Supreme Court to determine it?"
I beg to say to the honorable Senator that a
thing had better be done well; it had better be
done decently and in order, temperately and
justly, should there be 110 forum in which com-
plaint could be made. But there are forums
enough in which to discuss these questions; not
only the Supreme Court, as suggested by the
Senator, as far as that may afford a forum ; not
only the Halls of Congress as majorities stand
now, but when the shifting sands of politics
may have changed majorities; not only the bar
of public opinion, but every place in which
consideration shall be given to the mode in
which this business has been done; and I will
mention frankly to the honorable Senator from
Missouri one single respect in which I think it
of some importance to avoid this question. It
will furnish to the Senator from Ohio and to
various people in the State of New York and
in other debatable States, if I maybe allowed
so to say, a good deal of fixed ammunition
which it will be very convenient to use for very
hurtful purposes. It will enable men abroad
in the country, on platforms, and through the
presses to argue as the Senator from Ohio has
argued, not merely that this coerced and con-
strained the community of Georgia to yield
assent to a certain proposition, but that in con-
sequence and indirectly it took from the State
of New York, from the State of Ohio, and from
other States that free volition which the Con-
stitution gives.
Therefore, among other reasons, the commit-
tee thought it was well to omit such a proposi-
tion . They thought, in the light of the suggestion
made by the Senator from Connecticut, Georgia
having been counted and relied upon, not only
as he has stated by the declaration of Congress
and by the declaration of the executive de-
partment, but otherwise, too, as making up
the complement of States which imbedded the
fourteenth amendment in the Constitution, it
was not worth while for us to cast a doubt upon
the validity of that consummation. Therefore,
as to the ratification of the fifteenth amend-
ment, (as desirous as any other members of this
body are that that ratification shall become
complete at the earliest hour) we left it for
Georgia to assent to the ratification, knowing
and feeling, as has been stated, that no decla-
ration we could put into this bill would inform
Georgia more thoroughly than Georgia knows
now the importance of that action.
Mr. President, Senators have been asked
whether they would vote for the restoration of
Georgia unless Georgia should ratify the fif-
teenthamendment. That question has not been
asked of me ; but because I have no conceal-
ments whatever I am very glad to volunteer an
answer to it myself; and I do not answer it in
the terms suggested by the question, because I
should misstate myself if I did. I answer it
specifically and fully, however, in this way: it
was alleged by the Democratic party as repre-
sented in the Legislature of Georgia that it
stood ready to ratify the fifteenth amendment;
it has been made throughout, since that amend-
ment has been proposed, a part of the case of
those who asked to be let alone in Georgia that
they in addition to the representatives of the
Republican party stood ready at any moment to
hand in their adhesion to the fifteenth amend-
ment. Ill the light of that fact a refusal now
to assent to that amendment would be a most
pregnant and searching test whereby to determ-
ine theactual condition and the actual sincerity
of things prevailing in that State ; and there-
fore, not exactly because the Legislature should
ratify the amendment and that alone, would I
vote to restore Georgia, nor yet exactly be-
cause the Legislature should omit to do it
would I under some other circumstances which
might be stated refuse to admit Georgia ; but
because upon the case presented practically
before us a refusal to ratify that amendment
would furnish unmistakable and abundant evi-
dence as to the propriety of restoring Georgia.
I would give all the weight to that considera-
tion which will attach to it when we have im-
ported into the bill the proposed amendment.
Then, I submit to Senators, we should have
the entire benefit, all of it, and at the same time
we should avoid those questions which have
detained the Senate for now nearly two days,
and which are points hereafter to play a con-
spicuous and a troublesome part, we know not
where, without in tho mean time bringing, that
aiiySenatorhasbeenableto state, a substantial
contribution of safety or benefit to the measure
before us. So I shall be constrained to vote
against the pending amendment, although I
will yield to no Senator in the wish I feel that
the fifteenth amendment maybe crowned with
the requisite assent of States. I shall, on the
contrary, vote against this amendment to the
bill, feeling, for reasons which I have stated
only in part, that we attain without it the whole
substance, while we omit an unfortunate and
disadvantageous form.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I shall
detain the Senate but two or three minutes.
First, in regard to the question asked by my
friend from Connecticut, I will say that the
fourteenth amendment was declared ratified
by joint resolution on the 21st of July, 1868,
and the assumed ratification by Georgia was
011 the same day the resolution was passed, and
before knowledge of it was had in this Capitol.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is not Georgia mentioned
in the resolution ?
Mr. MORTON. I am advised not, by one
who has examined it.
Mr. FERRY. Georgia is not mentioned in
the act of Congress, but in the proclamation
or declaration of the Secretary of State incor-
porating the act of Congress the ratification
ofGeorgia was announced; it had then arrived.
Mr. MOIITON. It is not mentioned, as I
am advised, in the resolution declaring the
fourteenth amendment ratified; but if there
be any serious question in the mind of any
Senator on that subject, inasmuch as the fif-
teenth amendment is the vital point in my
amendment and the vital question of the hour,
I am willing to strike out the fourteenth amend-
ment, because I do not think it is to be seri-
ously affected in any way.
Mr. HOWARD. That is right.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Indiana moves to amend his amendment
by striking out the words "the fourteenth
and" before "fifteenth/'
Mr. MORTON. Now, Mr. President, one
or two words in answer to the Senator from
New York and the Senator from Vermont who
spoke yesterday. The Senator from New York
says that if we require Georgia to ratify the
fifteenth amendment we shall thereby furnish
a considerable quantity of fixed ammunition to
the enemy by which to impeach our action. If
that furnishes ammunition they have got
enough of it for our destruction already. We
required the rebel States to ratify the fourteenth
amendment, and by means of that requirement
it stands ratified to-day; and if we furnish to
our enemies fixed ammunition in the way the
Senator intimates, they have got enough of it to
destroy the fourteenth amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the honorable Sen-
ator allow me just there to make a suggestion
to him ? I meant to make it when I was up
before. I am aware that Andrew Johnson aud
those who acted with him invented the device
the Senator now refers to. When President,
or acting President of the United States, Mr.
Johnson put specifically to these States, as he
called them, the proposition that they should
be readmitted to relations with the Union upon
condition of their ratifying an amendment of
the Constitution; and that mode of treating
the States, I am aware, was carried by Con-
gress into the earlier acts of reconstruction.
Now, I say to the honorable Senator from In-
diana as a lawyer that my answer when, the
Democratic party put their fingers upon that
was that they were estopped, upon every doc-
trine of estoppal, from complaining of us in
that particular. Their representative and their
organ invented and inaugurated it, and we suf-
fered it to be carried for a time into the earlier
reconstruction acts. That is my answer to
the suggestion—and I meant to have made it
before—that the Democratic party have any
right to complain of us for what we have done
heretofore.
Mr. MORTON. If that is a good answer,
that the Democratic party cannot complain of
what has been done heretofore, it will be a good
answer that they cannot complain of what is
proposed to be done now in regard to the fif-
teenth amendment. Nor, Mr. President, is it
any good answer to say that Andrew Johnson
invented this thing. He may have done so in
regard to the thirteenth amendment, but it was
the solemn declaration of this Congress that
none of these rebel States should be admitted
unless they first ratified the fourteenth amend-
ment, and in consequence of the ratification of
that amendment by a number of those States
we have declared it to be the fundamental law
of the land. If we shall now for the reasons
given by the Senator say that we give the enemy
