3408
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
8 ction, striking Out all after tlie wotd "re-
pealed."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I move to strikeout
the eighth section. The eighth section provides
that whenever a vacancy shall occur in the |
office of Adjutant General and the Othet heads
of the staff departments there shall be ho pro-
motions. Now, I claim that those positions .
require rank as well as pay, and I hope, that
section will be strieken out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Con- ,
necticut, to strike out the eighth section. ■
The motion was not agreed to. I
Mr. WARNER. I move to strike Ou.t the
fifth section. It accomplishes now no purpose,
no economy. It is a mere intimation to the
gentlemen holding the places of General and ,
LieutenantGeneral that they are supernumera-
ries, and I think it is unworthy of Congress
and of the country.
Mr. WILLIAMS. It appears to me that it
is a compliment to these men. Jt says we
think more of them than we ever shall of any
men in the United States.
Mr. TRUMBULL and others. That is it
exactly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
to strike out the fifth section.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on agreeing to the amendment
reported by the Committee on Military Affairsj
as amended, as a substitute for the House
bill.
Mr. WARNER. I desire to offer another
amendment. I move to strike out. the sixth
section of this substitute and to insert' in lieu
thereof the fourth section of the House bill;
laid I ask that it be reported. ■
Mr. TRUMBULL. The effect of that would
simply be, instead of letting the number of
major generals be diminished as they go out
of the office, to turn somebody out. I hope
the amendment will not be agreed to,
Mr. WARNER. That is exactly the effect
of it. It is to reduce the number of major
geuerals by one. i
Mr. TRUMBULL. And by turning some-
body out.
Mn WARNER. I think that reduction will
give universal satisfaction. ;
ThePRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Alabama.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected. i
. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, as amended.
Mr. THURMAN. I should like to have the
first section, as amended, Wad.
The Secretary read the first Bect&ori of the
Amendment, as follows s
Tha-t the President be, and ha is hereby, author-
ised and directed, on or before tho lBtday-of July,
1871, to reduce tb« mmber of enlistod map in the
Army to thirty thousand, and thereafter there shall
be no more than thirty thousand enlisted men in the
Army at any one timet unless otherwise authorized
by law.
Mr. THURMAN. The amendment5 aft re-
ported was to re'dnoe the number to -twenty-
five thousand. -ri-; ■
Mr. TRUMBULL. It has been changed.
Mr. THURMAN. Can we tot ferte a vote
oil thai separately now? , .
Mr. EDMUNDS. No ; yon can when we
get into the Seriate. •
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is otr agreeing to the amendment of the
Committee on Military Affairs, as amended.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
Amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment made
a8 in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. THURMAN. Now, I wish to have a
separate vote on the number 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Ohio can accomplish his object by
moving to strike out "thirty" and inserting
" twenty-five."
Mr. THURMAN. I make that motion,
to 'strike out "thirty thousand" and insert
" twenty-five thousand."
Mr. DRAKE. I move that it be "thirty-
five thoueand."
Mr. EDMUNDS. The largest nutober does
not come first on this motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No; that
rale only applies in filling blanks. The motion
first made will be the first put.
Mr. DRAKE. Then I give notice that if
this amendment be disagreed to, I shall move
to insert "five" after the word "thirty," so
as to make the force thirty-five thousand men.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
will then be in order. The question now is on
the amendment of the Senator from Ohio to
the amendment, to strike out "thirty thou-
sand" and insert "twenty-five thousand."
Mr. THURMAN. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that.
The yeas and nays were Ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 14, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Casserly, Origin, Fen ton, Hamil-
ton of Maryland. Harlan, Johnston, McCreery,
Scirarz, Stockton, Sumner, Thurman, Tipton, Trum-
bull, and Viekers—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Buckingham,
Chandler, Cole, Corbett, Drake, Edmunds, Howard,
McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Nye, Osborn, Ramsey,
Kioe, Ross, Sawyer, Scott, Spencer, Spraguo, Stew-
art, Thayer, Warner, Williams, and Wilson—25.
• ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Bayard, Brown-
low, Cameron, Carpenter, Cattell, Conkling, Davis,
Ferry. Flanagan, Fowler, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas,
Hamlin, Harris, Howe, Howell, Kellogg, Lewis, Mor-
rill of Vermont, Morton, Norton, Patterson, Pom-
eroy, Pool, Pratt, Revels, Robertson, Saulsbury,
Sherman, Willcy, and Yates—33.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. STEWART. I now move to strike out
" thirty thousand" and insert" thirty-five thou-
sand."
Mr. RAMSEY. No; let us rest with thirty
thousand. That has been settled; we cannot
change the judgment of the Senate.
Several Senators. Question t Question 1
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from
Nevada to the amendment.
The question being put, a division was called
for; and the ayes were twelve.
.Mr. STEWART. Icallfortheyeasandnays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, one
fifth of the Senators present not seconding the
call; and the amendment to the amendment
was declared to be rejected, a majority of a
quorum not having voted for it.
Mr, McCREERY. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn. It is nearly six o'clock.
= The motion was "not agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. If I 'cannot have the yeas
ahd nays oh my motion, I will move to strike
out the section ; and on that motion I wish to
be heard- When I go to the Departments and
to the General of the Army, they say to me
that they cannot furnish soldiers to do what
they admit themselves is necessary to be done.
You are passing laws requiring the use of sol-
diers', making demand for them, and yet you are
cutting the Army down below the limit where the
proper authorities say they can supply them;
and there \s no suggestion that there has been
any fcbuse in keeping even as large a number
as the law allows. Now it is proposed to fix
the number of troops arbitrarily at thirty thou-
sand, when you need more, admittedly, And
to take it out of the power of the President to
increfage the number in aiiy emergency. You
put it down below the number which you abso-
lutely admit that you need, and then you take
away the discretion to increase it another man.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does not the Senator
know that this section does not reduce the
number at all for a year and a half? It is en-
tirely in the President's discretion for a year
and a half. We meet here next winter, and if
there is any occasion for it the President will
not reduce the Army before that.
Mr. STEWART. It reduces it right away.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No; just look at the
bill.
Mr. STEWART. You pass this law, and
they will stop enlisting, and it will be below the
number fixed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not if there is occasion
for men. Congress will meet again next
winter.
Mr. STEWART. There is no occasion for
cutting it down to that figure now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This does not cut it
down. It only gives power to do it.
Mr. STEWART. No; a year and a half
hence, if there is necessity for it, we can pass
a law reducing the Army ; but now we know
that there is a necessity for all the soldiers we
have, and I do not see why we should discour-
age enlistments.
Several Senators. Let us vote.
Mr. STEWART. I do not see why there
should be such a hurry to get this bill out of
the way.- Why do so foolish a thing? It
seems to be a very foolish thing to cut down
the Army. ["Question!" "Question!"]
Mr, WARNER. I rise to make an appeal
to the Senate. If you want to give peace and
safety to all the people of the South; if you
want to avoid the necessity of driving the
southern State governments into the organiza-
tion of a local militia, which may involve dif-
ficulty, I beg of you not to reduce the Army.
You say you do not propose to do it now.
Then, where is the necessity of providing for
it? I would not leave it even in the discre-
tion of the President. The moral effect of the
presence of United States troop3 everywhere
in the South is to preserve the peace. Every
loyal man in the South, and particularly every
colored man in the South, if his voice could
be heard here would beg of you not to with-
draw from the limits of the southern States
the United States troops. They are there as
the conservators of the peace, and there is no
necessity for fixing a time in advance to reduce
the Army. If you do the Presfdent is bound
to shape his action accordingly, and to stop
enlistments. When we meet next year, if the
condition of the country shall warrant it, it
will be time enough then to reduce the Army,
and we can always do it by discharging the
soldiers in the Army. They are always ready
to accept a discharge. There is no difficulty
in doing that then. I hope it will not be done
now.
Mr. STEWART. The chairman of the com-
mittee when this matter was up before said
he saw no necessity for the section. Why this
change? He was willing the other day to let
it be struck out. Manifestly there is no neces-
sity for it. If it has any operation it will cer-
tainly be prejudicial to the service, and will
6mb&rr&ss it
Mr. WILSON. I said this: I wished to keep
it in; I thought it was right to do it; I believed
it would be for the interest of the country to
do it; but I had rather have it stricken out
than lose the bill.
Mr. STEWART. I did not so understand
the Senator's statement.
Mr. WILSON. That was my idea about it.
Finally, we agreed on thirty thousand rank
and file, which is half way between twenty-five
and thirty-five thousand; and I think we bad
better let it stand.
Mr. ROSS. GeSntlemen delude themselves
when they say this can work no reduction of
the Army for a year and a half. The effect is
that the Army will be reduced at once by the
expiration of enlistments. As the chairman
of the committee stated yesterday, several thou-
