1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
507
41st Cong....'2d Sess.
i Belligerent Ilights of Cuba—Mr. Ambler.
Ho. ox' Reps
gested in reference to Cuba—that no steps be
taken by Congress which might involve us in
trouble with either of the contending parties.
The language and sentiinents of President
Jackson are so wise and prudent, and those of
President Grant are in such strict accord with
them, that I ask the Clerk to read from Jack-
son's message.
The Clerk read as follows :
"The acknowledgment of anew State as independ-
ent and entitled to a place in the family of nations
i . at all times, an act of great delicacy and responsi-
bility; but more especially so when such State has
forcibly separated itself from another of which it had
formed an integral part and which still claims domin-
ion over it. A premature recognition under these cir-
cumstances, if notlooked upon as justifiable cause of
war, is always liable to be regarded as a proofof an
unfriendly spirit to one of the contending parties.
All questions relalive to the government of foreign
nations, whether of ihe OldorNew World, hive been
treated by the United States as questioosotfactonly,
and our predecessors ha.ve cautiously abstained from
deciding upon (hem until the clearest evidence was
m their pussession, to enable them notonly to decide
correctly, but to shield their decisions from every un-
worthy imputation. In all the contests that have
arisen out ot the revolutions of France, out of the dis-
pute* relating to the crowns of Portugal and Spain,
out of the separation of the American possessions of
both from the European Governments, and out ot
the numerous und couatantly occurring struggles for
dominion in Spanish America, so wisely consistent
with our just principles lias been the action of our
Government that we have under the most critical
eiicuinstances avoided all censure and encountered
no oilier evil than that produced by a transient es-
trangement of good will in those against whom wo
have been by forcool evidencecompelledtodecide."
Mr, OIITH. Mr. Speaker, thedoetrinc thus
enunciated by President Jackson was not new.
It was the doctrine held by Washington in the
troubles with France; it was the doctrine held
by Madison and Monroe in the troubles arising
in connection with the South American and
Central American republics. This is the doc-
trine upon which the Administration lias planted
itself to-day; and it is the doctrine that will
commend itself to the sound sense and patriot-
ism of the American people. It is the only
safe doctrine, and we should not endeavor to
establish any other. It is the policy that conies
down to us from the wisdom of the fathers. I
hope and trust that no appeals to the finer feel-
ings of our nature, when we see horrors and
crimes committed in a neighboring isle, will
deter us from the duty which we owe to our-
selves and those who may come after us.
Mr. Speaker, I regret that the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] deemed it
necessary to make the attack he did upou the
message of the President. There is nothing
in its language or its positions to justify such
animadversions. Its sentiments are those of
the American people in all their past history;
and the President, in taking that position, has
justified the confidence of the Ameiican peo-
ple in his prudence and sagacity, lie has not
ventured upou any novel doctrines in public
affairs ; lie has not undertaken to be a " sensa-
tional" President. Not asking or desiring the
high office with which the people have invested
him, he announced to them that if they did
elevate him to the presidential office lie would
endeavor to inaugurate an era of peace ; and
the only pledge he made was to see that the
laws were faithfully executed. Thus far he has
strictly kept that pledge ; and his past life is in
this respect a sufficient guarantee tor the
future.
His policy is peace; and peace, at home
and abroad, is to-day the great need of both
Government and people. We are under no
obligations whatever to hazard the peace we
now enjoy, and it would be criminal to do so,
unless in the protection of national honor. In
addition to this consideration the President, in
his entire intercourse with other nations, in
the administration of his foreign policy, has
strictly pursued well beaten paths. In truth
and in lact, he has plau'ed himself upon the
position of "the fathers'' in the interest of
peace and rational progress. In that position
he will be sustained by this Congress and by
the American people.
Do gentlemen who are pressing this question
of recognition desire the acquisition of Cuba?
If so, permit me to say to them that in my
judgment this course will retard if not entirely
destroy the realization of their hopes.
In my judgment the island of Cuba must
inevitably gravitate toward us, and sooner or
later be added to our possessions. Its prox-
imity to our coast; its geographical position,
standing in the very door-way of the Gulf, and
thus commanding a very large portion of our
commerce; the increasing weakness of the Span-
ish Government—these, and many other con-
siderations, point most clearly to tho ultimate
destiny of that rich gem of the Antilles. When
the apple is ripe it will fall, aud fall into our lap;
it is not the part of wise statesmanship, in view
of the inevitable, prematurely to hasten that
fall; at least let us not, in our eagerness commit
ourselves to any measures that may mantle our
cheeks with the blush of shame.
To my mind the future relations of this Gov-
ernment to the North American continent and
the adjacent isles of the ocean are as clear as
the sunbeams that are now dancing so brightly
on the dome of this beautiful Capitol. Euro-
pean Governments, European policy, and Eu-
ropean power will soon cease to exist in all the
vast domain that stretches from the north pole
to the equator; and throughout that entire
region yonder flag shall float, and under it all
human beings shall enjoy the blessings of free
government, guarantied by our Constitution,
improved as it has been by the terrible strug-
gles through which we have passed; and this
people will go-on in a career of prosperity for
which the history of the world from its begin-
ning to this hour can show no parallel.
Belligerent Rights of Cuba.
SPEECH OP HON. JACOB A. AMBLEIl.
01? ohio,
In tiie House of Rei-resextatives,
June 14, 1870.
Thellouso having under consideration the joint
resolution (II. R. No. 329) in relation to tho contest
between the people of Cuba and theGovernmcnt of
Spam-
Mr. AMBLElt said:
Mr. Speaker: In common with the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] who has
so eloquently addressed the House, I deplore
the unhappy condition of things existing in the
island of Cuba. Every member of the com-
mittee, every gentleman on this floor, almost
every citizen of the country, I think, has the
same feeling of regret. We all, sir, feel an
interest in the success of tho attempted revo-
lution. It would be strange if we did not. It
is an American idea that the time has long
since passed when any portion of this continent
should be subject to European domination.
We all hope to see the day when independent
Governments, republican in form, shall exist
and be recognized over every portion of the
American oontiuent and the adjacent islands.
While this is the sentiment that animates all
of us, there seems to be a difference of opinion
as to the duty of the Government toward the
struggle now progressing in Cuba, and this
difference of opinion seems to have produced
some bitterness of feeling which to me is cause
of regret, as I do not think that feeling or
prejudice is likely to be of service to us in
coining to correct conclusions on this or any
other subject. This feeling has been shown in
a most unjustifiable attack on the Administra-
tion in this debate, an attack on the course it
has seen proper to pursue toward the parties to
this Cuban struggle and on the message of the
President of yesterday.
For myself, sir, I cannot see the justice of
this attack. I believe the course pursued by
the Administration is entirely justifiable, and
am of the ooiuion that it lias sustained the
dignity of the nation and acted in strict con-
formity with well-established principles of in-
ternational law, and I cannot doubt that it will
receive the commendation of the sober judg-
ment of the House.
The questions we have to determine arc not
matters of sentiment ani sympathy, but of
fact, and the mistake gentlemen makeisiu per-
mitting their feelings to run away with their
judgments ; they see a portion of the people of
Cuba engaged in a struggle for independence,
and their anxiety for the success of the patriots
leads them to overlook the duty aud long-
established policy of the Government of the
United States ; tliey are intolerant of opposi-
tion, and we who are so unfortunate as to
differ with them in conclusions are well nigh
overwhelmed by expressions of dissent on every
side. They assume that the Government should
take sides in the struggle, and will not patiently
brook opposition to their views. Aud yet, sir,
the action which is proposed by the majority
ot the committee is entirely without precedent,
nay is opposed to all precedents, from the very
beginning of the Government. Prom the day
on which we first achieved our independence
until now the policy of the Government has
been uniform and consistent, and always the
opposite of that now proposed. The idea of a
formal declaration of neutrality, when one of
tho parties is not a recognized nation, is new
to us. I have no knowledge of any such action
in the history of this Government, nor, indeed,
of any other Governments, if we except the
action of the European Powers in connection
with the recent rebel lion of the southern States.
Mr. MDNGEN. Will the gentleman permit
me a single remark at this point?
Mr. AMBLER. No, sir.
Mr. MUNGliN. Why not?
Mr. AMBLER. I decline to be interrupted.
During the time that I have been a member of
this House I have never deemed it my right to
interrupt the course of any gentleman's re-
marks, and I must ask that the same courtesy
be extended to me.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. AMBLElt] gives notice that he declines to
be interrupted.
Mr. AMBLER. It seems to be conceded
on all bands that some action on the part of
the Congress is called for in view of the partic-
ular condition of things now existing in Cuba,
and an apparent defect in the neutrality laws
of the United States, which enabled the Span-
ish Government to procure some gun-boats to
ho used against the insurgents, and the ma-
jority of the committee recommend that by
a formal act, Congress shall declare that the
Government of the United States is neutral in
the " war between Spain and the Republic of
Cuba," thus, as is claimed, placing the two
parties on a strict equality, and conceding to
each belligerent rights. I know the chairman
of the committee takes some exception to the
latter expression, and bays that we cannot give
the Cubans belligerent lights, but I do not see
any occasion to waste words on the subject. If
we formally declare our neutrality we neces-
sarily recognize a de facto government of tho
insurgents as existing, and at, war with Spain,
and declare our disposition to remain neutral
in the struggle; and ot' necessity this recog-
nition of a state of war entitles both parties, as
to this Government, to full belligerent rights,
so that whether we give them belligerent rights
or not, as to us they obtain such rights by the
proposed action.
1 am not disposed to stop here to discuss
what the rights thus conceded would be. 1
assume that every gentleman here is familiar
with the law, and merely take occasion to say
that while it woald prevent our building gun-
