1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3409
sand men will go out in the next eight or nine
months, their terms expiring.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But this does not prevent j
rei;nlistments until 1871. |
Jlr. ROSS. Jt will iuevitably prevent reen- !
listments, because troops are enlisted for five
years, and they must be reenlisted when the
Armv is reduced or it remains reduced.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Nevada, which is to strike out the first section
of the amendment agreed to as in Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. STE WART called for the yeas and nays, j
Several Senators. Oh, no; no yeas and ,
oays.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will always rise to
second a call for the yeas and nays if a Senator
wants them.
Mr. STEWART. Ido. I think this is public
legislation.
The yeas and nays were ordered: and being
taken, resulted—yeas 14, nays 24; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Boreman. Drake. McDonald, Nye,
Osborn, Ramsey, Eice, Ross. Sawyer, Spencer,
SpraKue. &AK rt, Thayer, and Warner—14.
NAYS-^aHp*. Anthony, Buckingham, Casserly, >
Chandler. Corbet t, Cragin. Edmunds, Fenton,
Hamilton of Maryland, Harlan, Howard, Johnston,
Morrill of Maiue, i^churz, Scott, Stockton, Sumner,
Thurman. Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers.Williams, and
Wilson—24.
ABSEXT—Messrs. Abbott, Ames,Bayard, Brown-
low. Cameron, Carpenter, Cattell, Conkling, Davis,
Ferry, Flanagan, Fowler.tfilbert, Hamilton of Texas,
Hamlin, Harris, Howe. Howell, Kellogg, Lewis,
McCreery, Morrill of Vermont. Morton. Norton,
Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Revels.Robertson,
Sanlsbury, Sherman, Willey, and Yates—34.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. SAWYER. I move to strike out the
eleventh section.
Mr. DRAKE. Let the section as amended
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Sic. 11. And further enacted. That the General
of the Army, commanding officers of the several
military departments, and chiefs of the several staff
departments of the Army shall, as soon as practicable
after the passage of this act, forward to the Secretary
of War a list of officers serving in their respective
commands deemed by them unfit for the proper dis-
charge of their duties from any cause except injuries
incurred or disease contracted in the line of duty,
setting forth specifically in each case the cause of
such unfitness. The Secretary of War is hereby au-
thorised and directed to constitute a board to con-
sist of one major general, one brigadier general, and
three colonels, three of said officers to be selected
from among those appointed to the regular Army on
account of distinguished services in the volunteer
force during the late war, and on recommendation
of such board the President may wholly retire any
of the said officers so reported with one year's pay;
but Bach retirement shall not be ordered without
allowing such officer a hearing before such board to
show cause against it.
The PRESIDIN G OFFICER. The Senator
from South Carolina moves to amend the
amendment made in Committee of the Whole
by striking out this section.
Mr. SAWYER. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 9, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Morton, Nye, Ramsey, Rice, Ross,
Sawyer. Scott, Sprague, and Stewart—9.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Buckingham,
Casserly, Chandler. Cole, Corbett, Cragin, Drake,
Edmunds, Fenton, Hamilton of Maryland, Harlan,
Howard, Johnston, McDonald, Morrill of Maine,
Osborn. Schurz, Spencer, Stockton.Sumner, Thayer,
Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers, Warner, Wil-
liams, and Wilson—30.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott. Ames,Bayard, Brown-
low, Cameron, Carpenter, Cattell, Conkling, Davis,
Ferry, Flanagan, Fowler, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas,
Hamlin, Harris, Howe, Howell, Kellogg, Lewis,
McCreery, Morrill of Vermont, Norton, Patterson,
Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Revels, Robertson. Saulsbury,
Sherman, Willey, and Yates—33.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on concurring in the amendment
made as in Committee of the Whole.
The amendment was concurred in.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed,
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 214.
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill
was read the third time, and passed.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I call for the
regular order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The legis-
lative, executive, and judicial appropriation
bill is before the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, May 12, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
, PENSION APPROPRIATION BILL.
The SPEAKER announced the appointment
of the following members as the conferees on
the part of the House on the disagreeing votes of
! the two Houses upon House bill No. 781, mak-
; ing appropriations for the payment of invalid
and other pensions of the United States for the
year ending June 30, 1871, namely: William
H. Kelsey of New York, Benjamin F. But-
ler of Massachusetts, and William E. Nib-
lack of Indiana.
! SURVEY OF ARKANSAS RIVER.
j Mr. JONES, of Kentucky, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following resolution ;
j which was read, considered, and adopted :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to transmit to this House the recent report made by
T. S. Abert of the survey of the Arkansas river.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. HAYS. I ask leave to make a personal
explanation of a few minutes.
No objection was made.
Mr. HAYS. I ask the Clerk to read an
extract I have marked from the New York
Star of Tuesday last:
The Clerk read as follows:
"Congressional Claim Agents.—Members of Congress
not unfrequently avail themselves of their influ-
ence with the Departments to turn an ' honest'
penny in putting through the claims of their con-
stituents or of any other clients who come handy
and pay well. The South is particularly happy in
sending a set of fresh-made residents, imported from
that part of the population of the North and West
which have not been able to earn a living at home;
and as their day of success in the South i3 coincident
only with the continuance of the iron rule of Con-
gress over that unfortunate country, they are determ-
ined to make hay while the sun shines in every way
practicable and available. West Point eadetships,
post offices, and official positions generally command
a price, and claims before Congress and Departments
return to them a very handsome commission.
"About two years ago an attorney in Washington,
of high character and unquestioned integrity, pre-
sented a claim which, though admitted to be correct
and proper, the Fourth Auditor, under instructions
from the Navy Department, decided he had not au-
thority to pay. A memorial was then prepared by
the attorney, and, accompanied by the power of at-
torney to him from the claimant, was presented .to
Congress, and by it referred to the Naval Commit-
tee, which in turn referred it to Hon. Charles
Hats, of Alabama, as a sub-committee. The latter,
on going to the Navy Department for information,
was informed by Admiral Porter that he knew the
claimant, and that it would not therefore be neces-
sary to get an act of Congress to pay him, as he could
give the necessary certificate. Instead of reporting
this to the attorney, who had several times commu-
nicated with him in reference to the case, the officious
Hays wrote direct to the claimant soliciting a power
of attorney to colleet the claim, received one pre-
tending to revoke the first power, and settled with
the claimant, leaving the regular attorney to whistle
for compensation for his two years' trouble. A rep-
resentation of this indecent proceeding to Scofield,
the chairman of the committee, elicited only a rude
and insulting reply.
"And these are acoupleof the nonorablexnembers
of Congress whose virtuous indignation is excited to
such a white heat in regard to claim agents. That
there are bad men among these latter no one will
deny, but in proportion to their number our nation al
Legislature can boaBt a much larger percentage who
misrepresent the intelligence, decency, and moral
sentiment of the country. Will Congress act upon
our suggestion to appoint a standing committee of
investigation on the conduct of their members ? '
Mr. HAYS. Mr. Speaker, this article is evi-
dently written by or at the instigation of one
Horatio King, of this city, and refers to the case
ot Charles S. Devine, a claimant for compen-
sation for services as pilot in the Mississippi
squadron daring the late war. The case was
under investigation in the House Committee
on Naval Affairs, of which I ain a member, and
was finally placed in my hands for examination
and report. Upon advising with the Navy
Department I was informed that-congressional
legislation was not necessary to the adjustment
of Mr. Devine's claim; that a previous refusal
by the Department was based upon an order
of the then Secretary of the Navy, Mr. Welles,
which order having since been revoked by
Secretary Robeson left the case open for set-
tlement under the rules of the Department.
Accordingly a certificate was issued by the
Fourth Auditor for an amount covering the
sum claimed, about six hundred dollars, which
certificate was addressed to Mr. Devine in my
care.
In the meanwhile Mr. Devine, who had
learned by some means unknown to me of the
favorable atftion of the Department upon his
case, wrote me upon the subject, and requested
that I should not deliver the certilicate in my
possession to a man by the name of Horatio
King, a claim ageut in Washington, who might
assert some right to it, giving as a reason that
King's charges for services were exorbitant.
The chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs also received a letter of like import
from Devine. Pending these occurrences this
claim agent, Horatio King, called upon me
day after day, importuning me to give him
possession of the certificate. I informed him
of Devine's letters, both to me and to the
chairman of thecommittee, protesting against
such a proceeding, and insisting that the cer-
tificate should be forwarded directly to him.
I also stated I would lay the matter before the
committee and be governed by their decision.
I did so, and was instructed to send the cer-
tificate to Devine. I subsequently informed
King of the action of the committee and my
intention to fulfill its decision. He retorted
in an angry tone and manner that he would,
make me responsible, to which I replied, "Very
well, sir."
I immediately mailed to Mr. Devine the cer-
tificate drawn to his order, it being the first
and only communication I addressed to hitn.
1 had no knowledge of the man prior to the
case being referred to me by the committee ;
have received no fee, emolument, or reward
in the matter, and had no interest in its set-
tlement beyond the desire to do my strict duty
between.a claimant on the one hand and the
Government of the United States on the other.
If I have in any way misstated the facts, I
hope the members of the committee who are
present will correct me.
Now, sir, these are the simple facts in the
case out of which this unprovoked and libel-
ous attack upon me is made—made by a vul-
ture who feeds upon the necessities of muti-
lated soldiers and sailors; who invades the
sanctuaries of the dead, despoils the widows
and orphans of the fallen patriots, preys upon
the miseries of the dependent and unfortu-
nate, and under the sanctimonious cloak of
Christianity seeks in a base and covert way to
malign the chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs and myself for a simple act of
justice, by which a deserving sailor receives
his just dues from a grateful Government.
As to the charge of my being a carpet-bag-
ger, and dependent upon the sale of my con-
gressional patronage and influence for sup-
port, I may dismiss these imputations with
the simple remark that I am a native of the
State of Alabama, where I have resided all
my life, and that fortune has blessed me with
a competency which should raise me above
the suspicion of dishonesty, if my personal
character did not.
