1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
529.7
concurred in, and a committee of conference
asked.
Mr. ALLISON. I ask that the amendments
of the Senate be read.
The amendments were read. They were to
add to the bill the following additional sec-
tions:
Sec. —. A.nd be it further enacted, That in any oity
having upward of twenty thousand inhabitants, it
shall be the duty of the judge of the circuit court of
the United States for tho circuit wherein said city
shall be, upon the application of two citizens, to ap-
point in writing for eaoh election district or voting
precinct in said city, and to change or renew said
appointment as occasion may require, from time to
time, two citizens resident of the district orpreeinct,
ono from each political party, who, when so desig-
nated, shall be, and arehereby, authorized to attend
at all times and places fixed for the registration of
voters, who being registered would be entitled to
votofor Representative in Congress, and at all times
and places for holding elections of Representatives
in Congress, and for counting the votes east at said
elections, and to challenge any name proposed to be
registered, and any vote offered, and to be present
and witness throughoutthecountingofall votes, and
to remain where tho ballot-boxes are kept at all
times after the polls are open until the votes are
finally oountod; and said persons and either of them
shall have the right to affix their signature or his
signature to said register for purposes of identifica-
tion, and to attach thereto, or to the certificate of
the number of votes cast, any statement touching
the truth or fairness thereof which they or he may
ask to attaoh; and any one who shall prevent any
person so designated from doing any of the acts au-
thorized as aforesaid, or who shall hinder or molest
any such person in doing any of the said acts, or
shall aid or abet in preventing, hindering, or molest-
ing any such person in respect of any such acts, shall
bo guilty of a misdemeanor, and on conviction shall
be punished by imprisonment not less than oneyear.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted. That in any city
having upward of twenty thousand inhabitants, it
shall be lawful for the marshal of the United Statos
for the district wherein said city shall be to appoint
as many special deputies as may be necessary to pre-
serve order at any election atwiiich Representatives
in Congress are to be chosen; and said deputies are
hereby authorized to preserve order at such elections,
and to arrest for any offense or breach of the peace
committed in their view.
Bec. —. Anctbe it further enacted, Thatthe natural-
ization laws are hereby extended to aliens of African
nativity and to persons of African descent.
Mr. FINKELNBTJRGr. If these amend-
ments are taken up, will not the first question
be upon concurring?
The SPEAKER. It would be, except that
a suspension of the rules removes everything
in the way of regularity of proceeding under
the rules.
The question was taken upon suspending the
rules; and upon a division there were—ayes
72, noes 54.
So (the affirmative not being two thirds) the
rules were not suspended.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Is it in order for
me now to move a concurrence in the amend-
ments of the Senate?
The SPEAKER. It is not, as they are not
before the House, the rules not having been
suspended.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I call for the
regular order.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. If we were to suspend the
rules and take this bill from the Speaker's
table, would it then be in order to move to
con'our in the amendments of the Senate?
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. As the bill
is not before the Housf? -that is not a parlia-
mentary question. I call for the regular order.
PATBICK WOODS.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the House resumes the considera-
tion of the report of the Committee on the
Judiciary upon the case of Patrick Woods.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Binohah] has
twenty minutes of his hour remaining.
Mr. BINGHAM. I yield seven minutes to
my colleague on the committee, the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Davis.]
Mr. DAVIS. I yield two minutes to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Woodward.]
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I rise to a
question of order, that the defendant in this
case, Patrick Woods, has not been brought
before this police court, and that we cannot
proceed as a court till he is brought in.
41st Coxg. 2d Sess.—No. 332.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. BINGHAM. Woods was here all day
yesterday.
Mr. WOODWARD. Mr. Speaker, in the
fewest possible words, 1 wish to give the rea-
sons why I shall vote in favor of the report of
the minority of the committee and against the
report of the majority. It seems to me this is
a question of jurisdiction. By the record which
I hold in my hand it appears that on the 30th
of May last the criminal authorities of the
State of Virginia took this offender into cus-
tody and bound him over to appear and answer
for this offense, which was a breach of the
peace of Virginia.
The recognizance, &c., in the case are as
follows:
City of Richmond, to ■xit:
Be it remembered, that on this 30th day of May, in
the year 1S70, Patrick Woods and Charles W. Allen
personally appeared before me. H. K.EUyson, mayor
of said city, andseverally and respectively acknowl-
edged themselves to be indebted to the Common-
wealth of Virginia in tho manner and form follow-
ing. that is to say: the said Patrick Woods in tho
sum of $500, and tho said Charles W, Allen in the
sum of $500, to bo respectively made and levied of
their several good* and chattels, lands, and tene-
ments to the use of the Commonwealth of Virginia,
if the said Patrick Woods make default in the per-
formance of tho underwritten condition.
The condition of the above recognizance is such
that if the above bound Patrick Woods do and shall
personally appearon the 0th day of June, 1S70, before
the hustings court of said city, (holden in the City
Hall of said city) and then and there answer a biil
of indictment to be preferred to tho grand iury m
and for the said city against him, the said Patrick
Woods, for a misdemeanor committed in said city,
for unlawfully and feloniously assaulting, beating,
and wounding Charges H. Porter with intent to
maim, disfigure, disable, and kill tho said Chap.les
H. Porter, whereof tho said Patrick Woods stands
charged, and shall not thence depart without the
leave of said court, then the above recognizance
shall be void and of no effect, otherwise to remain in
full force and virtue.
Taken and acknowledged before me, tho day and
year first above written.
[L. a.] H. K. ELLYSON, Mayor.
State of Virginia, City of Richmond, to wit:
I, Andrew Jinkins, clerk of tho hustings court for
the city of Richmond, do hereby certify that the
foregoing is a true copy of tho certificate of the
mayor, and the recognizance of bail remaining now on
file in the said court, in the case of the Commonwealth
against Patrick Woods forfelony.
In testimony whereof, Ihave hereunto setmyhand
rT „ i and affixed the seal of the said court, this
1 Ij' sj 13th day of June, 1870.
ANDREW JI20KESTS, Clerk.
Nov/, I submit to the House that the juris-
diction of the Stale of Virginia having attached
in this case, the time has not arrived for this
House to take jurisdiction of it. I do not say
that the criminal proceeding in Virginia would
exclude the supposed remedies of this House
for its offended dignity; but my proposition is
that, in point of time, the House has no power
to take the defendant out of the custody of the
criminal authorities of a sovereign State pend-
ing proceedings against him there.
It is a principle of law which every legal
gentleman on this floor will recognize^ that
where two tribunals have concurrent jurisdic-
tion of the same subject-matter the jurisdic-
tion becomes exclusive in that tribunal which
first takes cognizance of tho case. Nov/, I
apply that principle here; and I say that how-
ever it may be alter the State of Virginia has
done her justice upon this man, yet, for the
time being, the House has no power to invade
the jurisdiction of a sovereign State and take
the criminal out of the custody of her criminal
court. This whole proceeding is ill-advised—
a violation of the rights of Virginia; and until
she has expended her justice upon the offender,
in pursuance of her original custody of him,
this House has no power whatever to punish
him.
On this ground, the want of jurisdiction on
the part of this House to proceed in the man-
ner it is doing at this moment, I shall vote
against the resolution proposed by the major-
ity of the committee, and for that proposed by
the minority. I should like to discuss this
case with reference to the principles referred
to yesterday by my friend from Indiana, [Mr.
Kekr,] but I am not allowed sufficient time
for that purpose.^ I rest the case upon this
question of jurisdiction. It is a general prin-
ciple of law that every court or other tribunal
that undertakes to punish anybody is bound to
look to its jurisdiction. You must show your
credentials before you can punish Wood for
anything. This House of Representatives pro-
poses to punish him for an offense against
its privileges. It finds him in the custody of
the criminal courts of Virginia^ for the same
offonse, and that fact, I maintain, is a bar to
its proceeding for the time being.
Mr. DAVIS. I now yield to my colleague
[Mr. Potter] for five minutes.
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Speaker, on the 30th
of May last the party at the bar of the House
committed at Richmond a brutal and unpro-
voked assault upon the person of the member
from Virginia, who was at that time absent
from the House by its leave. Now, the mem-
ber from Virginia is undoubtedly entitled, by
his personal action, to recover full indemnity
for the injury and indignity to which he has been
subjected. The State of Virginia has also its
right to punish—and we must assume will duly
punish—this inexcusable breach of its peace.
But the question remains whether this assault,
in addition to being a wrong to the gentleman
from Virginia and a breach of the peace of that
State, was also a breach of the privileges of
this House.
Upon that question I cannot regard the par-
liamentary law of Great Britain as controlling.
Congress possesses in this respect no such om-
nipotent poweras belongs to the British Parlia-
ment. That very point camebefore the Supreme
Court of the United States in the case of Ander-
son vs. Dunn, reported in the sixth volume of
Wheaton, and tliatsupreme tribunal, after con-
sidering this subject of privilege, declared (E
read from page 231) that—■
" The American legislative bodies have nererpos-
sessed or protended to the omnipotence which con-
sti tutes the leading feature ill the legislative assembly
of Great Britain."
It was in the same caso also distinctly (18-
elared by the court, that no power was "given
by the Constitution to either branch of Con-
gress to punish for a contempt, except when
committed by their own members," and that
such a power, if it existed, "must be derived
from implication" only, the power being im-
plied as necessary to the preservation of the
body; since, as the court said, without "the
power to guarditselffrom contempt,'' the House
would be left " exposed to every indignity and
interruption that rudeness, caprice, or even
conspiracy may meditate against it." And the
court added that it was absurd "that such an
assembly should not possess the power to sup-
press'rudeness or repel insult." Thequestiou,
then, in this case, as it was held to be in that,
is the right and extent "of the punishing power,
which the deliberative assemblies of the Union
may assume and exercise on the principle of
self-preservation."
In view, then, of the law as settled and
declared by the supreme tribunal of the nation,
we have now, Mr. Speaker, simply to consider
whether it is necessary, in order to preserve
the integrity and deliberative character of this
body, that a personal assault upon one of its
members, when absent upon leave, at a dis-
tance of two hundred miles from this District,
should be regarded as a contempt of this House.
To state this question, it seems to me, is to
argue it. The very fact that the member was
absent with leave of the House, shows that
his presence was not, and could not have been,
necessary to the existence or deliberative char-
acter of the House. Gentlemen tell us that if
one member can be so assaulted all might be,
and the existence of the House itself bo de-
stroyed. But that the cxistencc of the House
should be endangered by any such cause is
not merely most improbable, but is simply
impossible, since it requires a majority of th 
