1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2465
number may extend and be applied to several
persons or tilings ; that words importing the
plural number may include the singular; that
words importing the masculine gender may be
applied to females; that the words "insane
person" and "lunatic" shall include every
idiot, non-compos, lunatic, insane, and dis-
tracted person ; and that the word "person "
may extend and be applied to bodies politic
and corporate.
The third section provides that in all statutes
hereafter passed the word " State," when ap-
plied to the different parts of the United States,
shall extend to and include the District of
Columbia and the several Territories ; that the
words " United States" shall be construed to
include said District and Territories; and that
the word "oath" shall include "affirmation"
in cases where by law an affirmation may be
substituted for an oath; and in like cases the
word " sworn" shall include the woid "affirm."
The fourth section provides that whenever an
act shall be repealed which repealed a former
act such former act shall not thereby be revived,
unless it shall he expressly so provided.
The fifth section provides that the repeal of
any statute shall not have the effect to release
or extinguish any penalty, forfeiture, or liabil-
ity incurred under such statute, unless the
repealing act shall so expressly provide, and
that such statute shall be treated as still re-
maining in force for the purpose of sustaining
any proper action or prosecution for the enforce-
ment of such penalty, forfeiture, or liability.
Mr. POLAND. The amendment which 1
am instructed to offer on behalf of the commit-
tee is to strike out the whole of the third sec-
tion and to add to the second section the fol-
lowing:
And a reference to any officer shall include any
peison authorized by law to perform the duties of
such ofiiee, unless the context shows that such words
were intended to bo used in a more limited sense;
and the word "oath" shall include "affirmation"
in eases where by law ail affirmation may bo sub-
stituted tor an oath; and in like eases the word
"sworn " shall include the word "affirm."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POTTER. I now move to amend the
first section of this bill by striking out the
words "it is," and inserting in lieu thereof the
words "be it;" so that it shall read; "the
enacting clause of all acts of Congress here-
after enacted shall be in the following form;
'Be it enacted by the Congress of the United
States,' " &c.
Mr. POLAND. I have no objection to that
amendment.
Mr. JENCEBS. I am opposed to that
amendment, for if adopted it will destroy the
very purpose of the bill. Laws should be a
series of propositions, and should commence
with the shortest, clearest, and most pointed
enacting clause. As our laws are now written,
we have to back up the enacting clause by the
use of the word "that," which is avery awk-
ward way of stating it. The adoption of the
gentleman's amendment would continue that
obsolete mode of expression, "Be it enacted
that." To get rid of this word "that" was
one object of this proposition. By the form
which the committee propose, every section will
lead as a whole by itself. I trust the amend-
ment will not prevail.
Mr. POTTER. The word "that" will
remain in either case; will it not?
Mr. JENCKES. Not at all.
Mr. POTTER. The form of expression will
be either " It is enacted by the Congress of the
United States that," or " Be it enacted by the
Congress of the United States that."
Mr. JENCKES. The gentleman is mis-
taken. In the form proposed by the commit-
tee there is no word " that."
Mr. POTTER. The phrase," It is enacted,''
is declaratory ; while " Be it enacted " is man-
datory. It seems to me eminently proper that
the latter form, which has so long been used in
connection with legislation, shouldbe retained,
even if there should be necessity for the use
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—-No. 155.
of the word "that," to which the gentleman
objects ; but there is no such necessity. The
question is simply between "It is enacted as
follows," which is merely declaratory, and "Be
it enacted as follows," which is imperative.
Mr. JENCKES. If the gentleman would be
grammatical he would be obliged to use the
word "that" after the clause which he pro-
poses.
Mr. POTTER. "That" is no more neces-
sary after "Be it enacted as follows " than it
is after "It is enacted as follows."
Mr. POLAND. I have no particular choice
between these two forms of expression. "Be it
enacted" suits me just as well as "It is en-
acted." But certainly the form we proposed
is altogether better than the present cumbrous
form.
Mr. WELKER. "Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mi\ POLAND. Certainly.
Mr. WELKER. I see the bill provides in
substance that wherever in any act the word
"State" is used it shall be construed to in-
clude any Territory or the District of Colum-
bia.
Mr. POLAND. That is struck out by the
amendment we propose.
Mr. KERR. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman a question. I wish to understand the
meaning of this clause; "words importing the
masculine gender may be applied to females."
Mr. POLAND. The section of the bill from
which the gentleman reads is designed to give
some general rules of construction, and cor-
responds with provisions in the statutes of a
great many of our States. I believe I copied
the section literally from a general provision
in the revised statutes of Massachusetts. Sub-
stantially the same provision is contained in
the revised laws of Vermont. Such provisions
are of course to be considered mainly as rules
of construction for the guidance of the courts.
The object is to avoid tautology in drawing
bills. A great* many gentlemen in drawing
bills suppose it is necessary to extend the
phraseology so as to embrace all the genders
specifically.
Mr. KERR. What I more particularly de-
sire to inquire is whether the words if enacted
as law will change the present scope or effect
of any existing laws so as to give the compe-
tence to hold office to any person who now
does not possess it.
Mr. POLAND. Not at all. The object is
merely to secure a better style for bills and to
dispense with the tautology which is in such
common use.
Mr. POTTER. I do not object to the
abridgment of the enacting clause. My objec-
tion is confined merely to the phrase " It is en-
acted," instead of "Be it enacted." The first
great enactment of which we have any record
was the enactment "Let there be light!"
Will any gentleman assume that the form of
this enactment would have had anything like
the same sublimity if it had been "There is
light?" One form is a mere recital, and the
other is the declaration of an enactment.
Mr. JENCKES. There is a little poetry
about that argument.
Mr. POTTER. It is not poetry but fact that
Congress does enact; and its enactments should
be put in the imperative rather than the declar-
ative mode of statement.
The amendmentof Mr. Potter wasadopted.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have not before me a
copy of the bill now under consideration. I
would like to know whether it contains any
provision for dividing acts into clauses for the
convenience of reference. If this amendment
prevails, every act, there being no other words
of enactment than that he now proposes at the
beginning of the act, will create one long chap-
ter, as it were, running and fusing all parts
together. I introduced a bill in reference to
this subject—I cannot lay my hands on it just
now—which contains a provision directing that
there shall be a division; that proper divisions
of the subject shall be made for convenient
reference.
Mr. POLAND. We suppose every gentle-
man drawing a bill will exercise his own taste
and judgment in reference to that point. We
can hardly regulate that matter.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move the amendment I
have indicated, that the subject of the enact-
ment or resolution shall be divided conven-
iently according to its meaning, and the clauses
numbered for reference.
Mr. POLAND. I think the bill of the gen-
tleman from Ohio was not ordered to be printed,
and if he likes I will send to the committee-
room for it.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not in a matter of
this kind like to use language from memory,
and I should prefer to have my bill.
Mr. HOAR. Mr. Chairman, I hope the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Ohio will not be added to this bill. The House
will see it is going entirely outside of the scope
of this bill, which is a bill to construe ordinarily
recurring words and phrases in existing laws.
The amendment of the gentleman from Ohio
has altogether a differentobjectfrom the object
of the bill. It is to contract the proceedings
of the House, or rather members of the House,
in the drafting of bills. It seems, with the
exception of the provision about the enacting
clause, this is a bill for construing the phrases
in existing laws, not laws to be hereafter enacted.
Now, 1 have had some experience at tho
head of the judiciary committee in a State
Legislature in drawing a great many bills where
this provision of the enacting clause was not
the custom, and I believe it never occasioned
the slightest inconvenience. Gentlemen in
drawing bills also divided them into sections
for the convenience of our reference to the sub-
ject-matter; but I do not believe anything
would be gained by making a peremptory law.
On the contrary, the difficulty of construing
such a law if it was made would cause a great
incotivenicnce which does not now exist.
Mr. SCHENCK. The remark of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts leads me to speak of
an opinion I formed in regard to the necessity
of some such legislation arising out of this fact.
The present cumbrous mode of enacting stat-
utes makes every one begin the first section
with these words, " Be it enacted by the Senate
and House of Representatives of the United
States in Congress assembled ;" two complete
lines in every bill, whereas " the Congress of
the United States enacts," or something like
that, would be sufficient. In the beginning of
each section, too, we have these words repeated:
"Section—. And be it further enacted."
I made an examination of one of the bills
now pending as House bill No. 1 in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
to revise the internal tax laws, and I found
the repetition of these words and figures make
as much as nine pages of the bill. I found,
taking it up for the purpose of examining it, the
space occupied in this way in a single volume
of the Laws of the United States is from fourteen
to twenty pages. That spaceisoccupied by the
repetition of these words. So from the mo-
tive of economy, as it is unnecessary, we might
dispense with the use of these words, " and be
it further enacted," with this more formal in-
troduction to every section, and substitute sim-
ple numbers 1, 2, 3, and 4, as I propose.
Then we can superadd to the question of
economy the simplification of language. As
wepass from subject to subject, from oneclause
to another, in order to get at the meaning of
the law at present, we are met at the begin-
ning with these formal introductory words,
"And be it further enacted." It "will make
the law much clearer by omitting those words,
in saving those who consult the law from stop-
ping on these unmeaning words in the passage
from one section to another.
I know this is covered by this bill; and all I
desire to add is a provision so it shall be equuuy
provided by law that the clauses shall be num.-
