1522
T0J)> CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
West, but iu the interests of the whole country.
During the present session of Congress, I
believe, a bill has been introduced to abolish
the Department of Agriculture. Let that be
known to the West, the producing portion of
our country, to the great agricultural popula-
tion of our country, and such a response will
come up here as has never yet been heard upon
this floor. More good has been done to the in-
terests of this country through this Department
of Agriculture than through any other branch
of this Government.
I trust this amendment will be adopted; I
trust thi3 additional officer may be given; that
the necessary money may be appropriated to
enable the Commissioner of Agriculture to
employ this officer to carry on the affairs of
the Department.
Mr. DAWES. The hour of two o'clock
having now arrived, according to promise, I
move that the committee now rise, and I will
only say that. I hope the House will hold an j
evening session to-night. 1
The motion was agreed to. !
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Cessna
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union having, pursuant to order
of the House, had under consideration the
Union generally, and particularly the special
order? being House bill No. 974, making ap-
propriations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the
year ending June 30, 1871, had come to no
resolution thereon.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. By order of the House
the consideration of the report of the Commit-
tee on Military Afiairs upon the sale of cadet-
ships was postponed till two o'clock to-day.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan"] is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman from
Illinois yield to me to move a session of the
Honse this evening?
Mr. LOGAN. I cannot yield for that pur-
pose. I do not want any motions about even-
ing sessions made now.
Mr. WASHB URN, of Wisconsin. Will the
gentleman yield to me for a moment ?
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly.
member sworn in. ,
Mr. WASHBUEN, of Wisconsin. The suc-
cessor of my late colleague,'Mr. Hopkins, is
now present. I ask that he be sworn in.
Mr. Davi& Atwood, who had been elected j
to fill the vacancy occasioned by the death of
Hon. B. F. Hopkins, of the State of Wis-
consin, then appeared and qualified by taking
the oath prescribed by the act of July 2,1862.
expulsion op b. p. whittemore.
_ Mr. LOGAN. I now call up the resolu-
tion reported from the Committee on Military
Affairs in relation to Mr. Whittemore, a Rep-
resentative from South Carolina.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That B. F. Whittemore, a Representa-
tive in Congress from the first congressional district
of Sofeth Carolina, be, and is hereby, expelled from
bis seat as a member of the House of Representatives
in the Forty-First Congress.
Mr. LOGAN. With reference to this sub-
ject 
Mr. POLAND. I desire to submit a prop-
osition to the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Logan] and to the Honse. In the short time
that has elapsed since this report was made
and this resolution was reported to the House
by the Committee on Military Affairs I have
given some attention to the evidence. I have
satisfied myself at least, and I believe that all
the members of the House who have given as
much attention to the evidence as I have will
be satisfied, that the case is not in a condition
so that we can act properly and intelligently
upon this resolution that has been reported to
us from the Committee on Military Affairs. I
nave therefore prepared a resolution for a far-
ther postponement of this subject and a further
proceeding before the committee.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Logan] yield to have that resolu-
tion offered?
Mr. LOGAN. I do not. When this report
was made and action asked thereon the House
adopted a resolution postponing the subject
until two o'clock to-day-, that Mr. Whitte-
more might have an opportunity of submit-
ting a defense, of making an argument to the
House, which he may do by himself or by any
other person. [ certainly shall have no objec-
tion to that. As a matter of course, the dis-
position to be made of this matter is a question
for the House to decide. The case is out of the
hands of the committee, so far as controlling
it is concerned. But as chairman of the com-
mittee I shall not consent to any postpone-
ment of this case for any purpose whatever
except that which was understood by the House
at the time this resolution was adopted; and
that was that the gentleman from South Caro-
lina should have an opportunity to present to
the House such a defense as he might deem
proper when the question should come up. 1
do not desire to discuss this question now;
but if Mr. Whittemore, in person or by any-
body else, desires to make an argument on the
facts as presented to the House in the report
of the committee, if he wishes to discuss
whether the facts of the case are sufficient to
justify the adoption of the resolution reported,
1 am willing he shall now have the opportunity
to do so.
Mr. POLAND. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. LOGAN. For what purpose does the
gentleman from Vermont desire the floor?
Mr. POLAND. I desire, Mr. Speaker, to
make some observations to the House in favor
of a postponement of this case. I think the
chairman of the committee [Mr. Logan] should
consent that I may offer a resolution for that
purpose and may state why I think the subject
ought to be postponed, why I think there
ought to be further investigation before the com-
mittee and further report from them before
the House acts on the case. I do not appear
as the advocate or the apologist of Mr. Whit-
temore in any sense or to any extent. But
before I act upon this case I desire, as one of
his judges, to know the whole case; I desire
that everybody who has been connected with
any of these transactions shall be examined
and the testimony placed before the House.
I think I could satisfy the House in a very
short time that the men who know the most
in relation to the transactions referred to in
the testimony have not been summoned and
have not testified at all; that the House is
now called upon, in the resolution reported by
the committee, to vote blindfold and in the
dark; and that, therefore, there ought to be a
further postponement of thiscase. I think the
chairman of the committee should, in fairness,
consent that I may offer a resolution for a post-
ponement and give the reasons influencing my
judgment in favor of such a proposition.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Speaker, I but now
learn the drift of the defense that is to be made
in this case. I have had no intimation of it
heretofore. Inasmuch as I now see the drift
of the defense I will proceed to state to the
House the reasons why, in my judgment, we
should act upon the case now.
Mr. WINANS. I would like an opportunity,
at-some suitable time, to make some remarks
upon the merits of the case, not with a view
to its postponement.
Mr. LOGAN. I will give" ample opportu-
nity for the presentation of the defense.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker 
Mr. LOGAN. I will yield for a moment to
the gentleman from Massachusetts, to ascer-
tain what he desires.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, when I had the honor to propose to
the House for its adoption the resolution 
Mr. LOGAN. How much time does the
gentleman ask ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Very
little; at least for the present.
Mr. Speaker, when I had the honor to pro-
pose to the House the adoption of the resolu-
tion that Mr. Whittemore be called to the bar
of the House, there to show cause why sen-
tence of expulsion should not be passed against
him, I was asked by some gentlemen, " Why
provide in the resolution that he come to the
bar of the House? For," said they, " he is a
member of the House, entitled to all the priv-
ileges enjoyed by any other member, and being
so entitled he ought not to be summoned to
the bar of the House." My answer then was,
and I think I now see the wisdom of the propo-
sition, that shouldhe be entitled to no more than
any other member, his defense would be under
the control of his prosecutors ; that standing
merely on his privileges as a member, he might
be precluded from even making a motion in his
own behalf. And therefore I proposed he should
stand at the bar of the House as a defendant,
which will give him the right, uncontrolled by
the prosecutor, a God-given right, belonging to
every American citizen, to be fully heard in his
own behalf, whether by himself, by the gentle-
man from V ermont, or by any other person whom
Mr. Whittemore may choose to speak for him.
The chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs, in pursuance of what he doubtless
believes to be his duty, proposes that we should
proceed without this accused being heard. I
am astonished when the gentleman proposes
to strike this man down without hearing what
he has to say in his own defense.
This defendant is here and asks to be heard.
I will now state exactly my position on this sub-
ject. On the question of Mr. W hittemore's guilt
or innocence I shall not vote iu this House, and
for this reason: I saw and knew him from the
first time he came into this House; he was
thrown by your appointment, Mr. Speaker, on
the same committee with myself. 1 find here
this member of that committee charged with a
grave offense, and feel that I am called upon,
when asked by him to aid him in bis defense, to
extend to him any poor services of mine. Hav-
ing been so requested to aid him in his defense, I
have consented. Having, therefore, undertaken
to give him advice, and being thus enlisted in
his cause, I do not think it proper I shall vote
upon this floor as one of his judges. He has
prepared, and I ask leave to present in his be-
half—because I do not think he ought to be
called upon to speak for himself at this mo-
ment ; the meanest, the lQwest, or the highest
accused person makes a great mistake who
speaks for himself when on trial; and this truth
is so well acknowledged that we have a well-
known proverb in the profession, " that he who
is his own counsel has a fool for his client"—
he has prepared an affidavit, and instead of
speaking at the bar in his own defense he
comes here with an affidavit under oath as the
ground for the motion in which he asks for
time. In his motion for time he speaks under
all the solemnity of an oath. In his behalf,
therefore, I move 
Mr.LOGAN. Ididnotyieldforthatpurpose.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am not
here now in a position speaking for myself;
but I am here as counsel for the party, showing
cause why this judgment of expulsion shall not
pass against him. This is a matter nobody but
the House can control. I am not asking any-
thing of gentlemen, but I am asking under the
Constitution that this man shall have the rights
accorded to the meanest criminal.
Mr. LOGAN. I have the floor, and the
gentleman will allow me to resume it. I can-
not surrender any further time at present.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It is now
for the House to decide.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will rule after
hearing the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The Chair
will allow me 
