5298
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7,
whole House to grant leave of absence at all.
Indeed I cannot believe that any serious or
general danger to members of the House them-
selves could result if such an assault be not
regarded as a breach of its privileges. And in
any event the danger to the House from such a
cause—and that is the matter to be considered,
for it is that and that alone which can give us
jurisdiction—seems to me to be altogether too
remote to justify our regarding such an assault
as a contempt of this body.
During the last seventy-five years no such
occurrence, if it has been brought to the notice
of the House, has, so far as I have learned, ever
been regarded as a contempt of the House.
The case of Houston, which was referred to by
the gentleman from Illinois, was the case of
an attack upon a member in this District for
words spoken in debate. That was an attack
upon a member outside the House, for a matter
which the Constitution has expressly declared
the member should not be questioned for in
any other place, and on that account was a
clear contempt of the House.
Now, the assault upon the member from
Virginia was not only, not for words spoken in
debate, but, so far as appears, was either because
of offense taken at-a speech made by the gen-
tleman from Virginia years before his election
to Congress, or—accordingto the prisoner—of
offense taken at words used by that gentleman
immediately prior to the assault. This is then
the naked case of an unjustifiable and brutal
assault, outside of this District, upon a member
of Congress absent upon leave and about re-
turning to the House. I cannot but feel that
the punishment of such an assault as a con-
tempt of this body is not in any way or sense
necessary to its preservation as a deliberative
body; and as that is the only lawful ground of
jurisdiction we possess, I am therefore con-
strained to say that the assault, unjustifiable
and brutal asit was, was not a contempt of the
House, and that we have no power to punish it
as such. This House, in the cases in which it
can punish, is alike party, judge, and execu-
tioner. Those arraigned before it are tried
without jury and condemned without appeal.
Such an authority is to be used and to be jus-
tified only when actually required for self-pres-
ervation. It should not be lightly exercised
nor made to reach offenses which only con-
structively threaten the safety and order of the
House. To stretch these privileges of the
House to the extent claimed by the majority
of the committee in this case seems to me to
be an unlawful and dangerous innovation.
Mr. Speaker, the Legislature was never in less
danger than now. The whole tendency of the
times has been to strengthen this branch of the
Government. Already it has assumed powers
and exercises a control never, as I think, in-
tended by those who established the Govern-
ment, and which I regard as dangerous to true
liberty. Its members are now exempt from
liability for words spoken in debate. To de-
clare it to be a contempt of the House to assault
any person, after he becomes a member of the
House, whether here or away, is to exempt a
member of Congress not only from liability for
what he says in the House, but for liability for
what he may do out of it. I do not believe that
such action is either authorized by law or would
conduce to the safety of this body and the re-
spect of the people for it. And I shall, there-
fore, be constrained to vote for the return of
the prisoner at the bar to the custody of the
Virginia court from which he was, as I think,
unlawfully taken. 1 thank my colleague for
the opportunity he has afforded me of making
even these brief remarks upon this important
question.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, it was a little
ungracious for my colleague on the committee
from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge] yesterday to
attempt to excite the prejudices of the House,
to appeal to its prejudice instead of its reason,
m saying to the House that in the report of the
majority of the committee the rule of the House
of Commons of 1733 had been mutilated to
fit this case; when the House, by looking at
the report, will see that the volume and page
were referred to, thereby enabling the gentle-
man to correct any error which might have
been made; and when, if the House thinks it
worth while to look into the gentleman's argu-
ment, they will find the very words which he
says were intentionally omitted to fit this case
are the very words of the Parliament of Eng-
land which, above all other words, do fit the
case. The words omitted were, "going from
and returning to the House the party should
be protected." Those were the words omitted.
The proof in the case shows that the mem-
ber from Virginia was returning to the House
under its authority and by its leave, sworn to
by himself; and therefore, if those words of
the Commons had been retained in the report
they were the very words which would have
applied to the case in hand. So far as that
question is concerned I have done; there I
leave it, aud the'gentleman is answered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE rose.
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir; the gentleman
must excuse me.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman will allow
me to call his attention to a fact which, I think,
he has overlooked.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have called attention
to the point made by the gentleman, and the
report of his speech will show that I have
stated it truly.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Your report, asyou made
it, was founded upon the rule of Parliament as
quoted by you, with those words omitted.
Mr. BINGHAM. That is another matter.
The gentleman cannot avoid the issue he has
made in this way. It is not what was placed
in the report he has remarked upon, but, to
use his own words, the omission in copying the
rule of the House of Commons to fit this case ;
and that omission, I will repeat again, con-
sisted of the very words which do fit this case.
It is sworn to by the member from Virginia
that he was returning to the House, and it is
sworn to that the accused knew he was return-
ing to Washington, when he interrupted his re-
turn by striking him a brutal blow and attempt-
ing to murder him.
I dispose with one brush of my hand of all the
miserable exhibition which my honorable friend
from New York [Mr. Cox] made here yester-
day, when he attempted to outrage and spit
upon the Constitution of his country, and to
divert this House from the only issue that is
before it, the privileges of the House and the
privileges of the whole people. The gentle-
man talked here about "breastplates" before
and behind, ridiculing the privileges of mem-
bers of the House, when he knew as well as
any other member knows that those privileges
were written in the Constitution. Why did he
not arraign the men who put them there as a
set of old fools who were attempting to estab-
lish a privileged class? Why did he not cast
derision on the great people who declared that,
to establish "liberty, we ordain this Constitu-
tion" and declare these privileges specially of
our Representatives to the end that they may do
our will in Congress ? If the gentleman does not
want his privileges as a member of this House
he can cast them off by resigning. It has been
settled long ago, however, that it is a breach
of the privileges of the House for any member
of it to attempt to waive his own privileges;
yet if the gentleman wants to get rid of his
privileges by resigning, 1 have no objection to
his doing it.
Mr. COX. As to whether I shall resign my
privileges or not I shall not consult the gen-
tleman.
Mr. BINGHAM. I know the gentleman
will not, nor do I wish him to.
Now, sir, what excuse is there for those
gentlemen after the report made here, that it
is for a breach of the privilege of the House
committed by the accused, and for which the
committee recommend that he be imprisoned
by order of this House, to divert this House
from that issue to another that is not raised
by the resolution of the committee, to wit,
the privileges of the individual members. The
privileges of the several members are enumer-
ated in the Constitution, so that "the way-
faring man, though a fool, cannot err therein.''
They are enumerated in the sixth section of
the first article of the Constitution. The priv-
ileges of the individual members are as fol-
lows ; let me read from the Constitution:
"They shallin all cases, except treason,felony, and
breaoh of the peace, be privileged from arrest dur-
ing their attendance at the session of their respect-
ive Houses, and in going to and returning.from tho
same; and for any speech or debate in either House
they shall not bo questioned in any other place."
Those are the enumerated privileges of
members. I do not care whether ihe gentle-
man chooses to cast derision on them ; but
there they are, expressly declared in the Con-
stitution of the United States. _ That being
conceded, what becomes of this miserable
twaddle about making a privileged class in
these Halls above any other citizens in this
community? I answered yesterday, and re-
peat to-day in a single word, a member of
this House, either within its walls or without
its walls, who during the session violates the
laws of this country criminally may be igno-
miniously expelled from its counsels. So end-
eth that chapter of blunders.
This question, sir, as embodied in the reso-
lution, is that the privileges of this House shall
not be violated with impunity. It is written in
your Constitution that the Congress shall assem-
ble at least once in every year in the Capitol.
Your Supreme Court has decided—and so I
answer the learned gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Woodward]—that this law of the
people, which vests in Congress all legislative
power under the Constitution and enjoins that
Congress shall once every year assemble in the
Capitol and legislate, necessarily invests in each
House the implied power of self-protection and
self-preservation, to punish every breach of its
privilege to assemble and legislate. The court
goes on to argue in the case to which I refejred
yesterday, that as this privilege is conceded as
regards offenders within the walls of the Cap-
itol, that the House has the power to punish
all offenders interrupting its proceedings, in-
vading the persons of its members, inflicting
violence upon their persons in its presence,
without any limitation as to the period of pun-
ishment save the period of its existence, the
term fixed for its dissolution, and the incom-
ing of a new Congress. It results, the court
says, that this power is coextensive with the
Republic. The court was right, sir. I read
yesterday from the work of a man learned in
the law, Mr. Rawle, whose book has been
accepted in all your courts, a commentary on
the provisions of the Constitution in support
of this power of the House to punish any breach
of its privileges; and what answer has been
made to it? None but this: breastplates before
and breastplates behind.
Mr. Speaker, the great people of the United
States are not wantonly and with violence to
be interrupted in their right of legislating for
themselves under their own Constitution by
their own appointed Representatives. I asked
the House to consider yesterday if this power
did not exist in the House to protect its own
privileges assailed in the person of a single
member who is struck down with a murderous
intent by a man with a murderous weapon in
his hand, the same logic leads you to the con-
clusion—and I reiterate it, not afraid that I
shall be challenged for it by the right-minded,
intelligent people of this country, or of acy
other country—that, if your power cannot put
forth an arm to arrest this attempted assault
upon the rights of the whole people of this
country to secure the attendance of a single
member, it cannot be put forth to reach ruf-
fians and murderers who may lie in wait to-
day in every street and avenue and lane of
your capital to strike down, because it so
