3410
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
AMKMCAN COMMERCR.
Mr. SCHENCK. I demand the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour will
now commence, and the House resumes the
consideration of House bill No. 1889, to revive
the navigation and commercial interests of the
United States, reported yesterday from the
select Committee on the Causes of the Reduc-
tion of American Tonnage, upon which the
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Wklls] is enti-
tled to the floor.
Mr. ALLISON. I made a point of order
on this bill yesterday, which I do not care to
insist upon, if there can be an understanding
that amendments may be offered to this bill.
I do not think that a bill of so much import-
ance as this ought to be considered by the
House without there being somo opportunity
afforded to offer amendments to it. I do not
wish to cut off the present consideration of this
bill by having it sent to the Committee of the
Whole. It'an opportunity for amendment in
the Houso can be had, and a fair opportunity
for debate, I will not press my point of order.
If I can have such an intimation from the
gentleman who has charge of this bill, [Mr.
Lynch,] I will withdraw my point of order.
Mr. LYNCH. If the gentleman will send
up his amendments to be read, so that I can
bear what they are, I certainly will be inclined
to admit them. But I cannot consent to any
arrangement by which any gentleman at any
time hereafter may be at liberty to offer any
amendment he pleases. I would rather the
gentleman should insist upon his point of
order, and let it be decided at once.
Mr. ALLISON. I do not propose to move
any factious amendments to this bill. But I
think there are principles involved in it which
ought to be fairly tested by a vote of the
House, and all I desire is an opportunity to
fairly present these questions to the House.
Mr. LYNCH. I should, of coarse, be in-
clined to admit any amendment to be voted
upon which would not hazard the bill. But I
cannot consent to any arrangement with the
gentleman in advance, to allow any amend-
ment to be offered which any gentleman might
wish to offer at any time. If the gentleman
will indicate any amendment he desires to
offer I will hear it. If be wishes to insist upon
bis point of order, I am willing that the Chair
Bbould rale upon it now.
Mr. WOOD. I hope the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Allison} will not insist upon his
point of order npon a question which can be
as well disposed of ia the House as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. This bill involves very
important principles, which are of interest to
the whole country. I not only hope that the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Lyncii] will allow
fall opportunity for amendments to be offered,
but that the largest latitude of debate may
be had. The proposition of the gentleman
from Iowa is but a technical one. The diffi-
culty be seeks to avoid can be as well met in
th* House as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. ALLISON. I will withdraw my point
of order, and trust that on so important a
matter as this the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Lynch] will not undertake by any technicality,
or by any motion, to cut off amendments or to
limit debate.
Mr. LYNCH. I assure the gentleman that
I have no disposition to cut off debate, but
will allow all the latitude of debate that may
be agreeable to the House.
The SPE A KE li. The gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Wells] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. LYNCH. Before the gentleman pro-
ceeds I will move to recommit the bill to the
select Committee on the Causes of the Reduc-
tion of American Tonnage.
Mr. ALLISON. I hope the gentleman will
not now make a motion which will cut off all
amendment, for no amendment can be offered
while such a motion is pending.
Mr. LYNCH. I am willing to have any
amendment offered which is not hostile to this
measure.
Mr. MAYNAUD. Does the gentleman pro-
pose to allow amendments to be offered?
Mr. LYNCII. Certainly; as I have indicated.
Mr. WELLS. Mr. Speaker, to obtain the
carrying trade has been a matter of great inter-
est to all civilized nations. Such trade has
enriched all countries which have secured to
themselves a large share of this service of
wealth. Among the calamities of the late
civil war was the destruction of a large num-
ber of our vessels. The calamity did not fall
on one portion of the country alone. While
our vessels engaged in foreign commerce were
destroyed by the cruisers sailing under the con-
federate flag, our vessels navigating the great
inland seas of the West were also destroyed
by the acts of the same enemy of the Republic.
Capital, always timid and avoiding hazardous
risks, did not, as in years prior to the war, sup-
ply the vessels lost either on ocean or on our
western rivers. Hence, at the close of the war
we found ourselves with registered and eurolled
tonnage greatly reduced. Wo have not recov-
ered front these losses sustained during the
war. The number of vessels, American and
foreign, which cleared from the United States
for foreign countries and places in 1800, (taken
from the annual report of the Special Commis-
sioner of the Revenue, Commerce, and Navi-
gation for 1808, being the last official report
published by the Treasury Department,) was
23,594 ; the tonnage, 8,789,929. In 1868 the
number of vessels were 20,270, with a tonnage
of 8,279,010. The registered vessels of our
country and the tonnage were as follows: 18G0,
12,682; vessels and tonnage, 6,105,924. 1868,
9,051 vessels, and tonnage, 3,710,950.
In 1860, the number of foreign vessels which
entered our ports was 11,912, with a tonnage
of 2,624,005 tons. In 1868, the number of
foreign vessels was 16,625, with a tonnage of
4,662,000 tons. This shows the number of
American vessels which cleared from our ports
for foreign countries in 1868 was about 25 per
cent, less than vessels which cleared from our
ports for foreign countries and places in 1860,
and the carrying capacity in 1868 was nearly
50 per cent, less than in 1860. The number of
foreign vessels clearing from our ports in 1800
was 11,912, with a tonnage of 2,624,005 tons;
and in 1808 the number of foreign vessels
clearing from our ports was 16,225, with a ton-
nage of 4,562,060 tons, an increase in number
of vessels of between 25 and 30 per cent., and
an increase of tonnage of about 75 per cent.
I leave these facts for further comment to
those who represent a constituency engaged
in foreign commerce. It shows while Con-
gress has by its legislation been endeavoring
to promote and advance manufacturing inter-
ests of the nation it has entirely neglected
the interest of ship-building, and perhaps I
might add that the legislation intended to
advance the manufacturing interests operated
oppressively on the ship-builders and their
interests.
The fact stares us in the face that the ship-
building interestsof the country have declined,
and that the largest portion of our trade with
foreign countries is conducted in foreign ves-
sels, and that iti 1860 the tonnage of our ves-
sels engaged in foreign commerce was more
than double that of foreign vessels which cleared
from our ports for that year.
There are stronger reasons for the Govern-
ment to foster and encourage our ocean com-
merce than of any other branch of business in
which our people are engaged. The merchant
marine of our country is the militia of the
ocean. If it should be required to increase the
Navy, from the merchant mariuc would be
drawn the sailors with which our ships of war
would be manned ; and should it be necessary
to authorize the fitting out of privateers,the
vessels already afloat and engaged in the mer-
chant service have always been regarded as the
nursery of sailors for our men-of-war.
The agricultural products of our country
beyond that which may be required for the
consumption of our people must tind a market
abroad. The internal commerce of the coun-
try bears to the sea-bonrd that surplus for ex-
portation and distribution through the country
and the importations as required. There is'
therefore, an internal relation between the
interior and foreign commerce of the country.
It is true, much of our internal commerce is
conducted by means of railroads ; but when-
ever it can be done, such freights are carried
on water, Buch transportation being the cheap-
est. We are interested to have our exports
and imports carried in American vessels. The
building, equipping, and navigating of said
vessels will give employment to a large num-
ber of our people. The freights will be earned
by our citizens, and add to the wealth of the
nation. We of the West equally desire with
you of the East to recover the ship-buildine
business of the country, and make it as pros-
perous as it ever was; although we of the
West believe that not only the Kjjgamboats for
the western rivers, but a large powwin of those
for the ocean, will be built on the Mississippi
and Ohio rivers. The facilities for procuring
all the materials that enter into the construc-
tion of an iron vessel, as well as being at the
door of the great granary of the country, indi-
cate that the Mississippi valley will not only
produce the breadstuffs, but the ships that will
float them to foreign markets, and with only a
tithe of the aid and fostering care that have
been so generously bestowed on a large por-
tion of the manufacturing enterprises of the
country, would bd the means of restoring that
important interest, which should be fostered
and protected equally, if not to a greater
extent, than any other branch of business, and
one that demands immediate relief or to be
abandoned to others who have no interest in
common with the people you represent.
The price of any given article to the con-
sumer consists, or, at least, should consist,
mainly of but two items, the cost of produc-
tion, and the cost of carriage from the place
of production to the place of consumption.
Both these items represent added values; the
cost of carriage adding value to the article car-
ried, as the labor expended in producing adds
value to the article produced. I may go fur-
ther, sir. The price paid by the consumer for
our breadstnlfs, over and above the cost of
carriage and handling, being assumed as a fair
compensation for the labor and capital em-
ployed in production, the amount paid for such
carriage and handling is to be considered as
the true net profit npon or accumulation of
wealth from the agricultural labor of a county.
If then, sir, American products are carried
to consuming markets by foreign vessels we
retain only the cost of the labor employed in
the production, and surrender to others that
portion of the proceeds of our native and ac-
quired labor which should become the accu-
mulative wealth of the nation, to be utilized in
the employment of our industries and the de-
velopment of a broader production. To give
to foreign nations such control of the accu-
mulative wealth produced by our agricultural
industry, especially by taxing other industries
out of existence, is more than folly; it is na-
tional suicide. But, sir, beyond this national
consideration for the removal of the taxes and
imposts which have so nearly obliterated the
ship-building interestsof the East, there exists
another one personal to the West, as there is
one peculiar to the people of the Atlantic
States.
The taxes and imports upon material enter-
ing into ship building have also affected our
internal water carriage, and, whilethey have
destroyed an important but single interest at
the East, have borne directly and heavily upon
every industry and pursuit at the West, but
