210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
active character than usual was maintained
throughout the State. The whole point at issue
in that contest was the fourteenth amendment,
then submitted to the people of Ohio for their
approbation or rejection. At that election, by
an overwhelming majority—the precise numer-
ical amount I cannot state, but probably thirty
or forty thousand—the people of Ohio sus-
tained the Republican party and elected a very
large Republican delegation of members of
Congress. No Legislature was elected; but
the Legislature then in existence, elected the
year previous, in accordance with the general
sentiment of the people of my State adopted
the fourteenth amendment.
In the following year, 1867, a different state
of affairs arose, and because of this all the mis-
apprehension exists. The people of Ohio sup-
posed the fourteenth amendment was passed
and adopted. So far as they were concerned
i t was adopted, and at that tim e n o on e supp osed
that the fourteenth amendment was any longer
in danger. But in 1867 the Legislature of
Ohio submitted to the people of Ohio an alter-
ation of the State constitution. That amend-
ment was undoubtedly ill-advised. It was con-
demned by the people of Ohio by fifty thousand
majority. It was an amendment which coupled
disqualifications of various classes of the citi-
zens of Ohio with the enfranchisement of the
negro population of our State. It was dis-
franchisement and enfranchisement connected
together. I know very well that in the can-
vass of that year, while I earnestly supported
and advocated the principle of giving to all the
colored people of our State the equal right of
suffrage, yet the discriminating clauses, the
disfranchising clauses of that amendment were
revolting to my own judgment. The party,
however, in the main as a .party supported the
amendment; we had to vote upon it as a whole;
and the result was that in the election of 1867
this proposed amendment to the State consti-
tution was defeated, and it defeated our party
in that year. What was the result? A Dem-
ocratic Legislature came into power. The
amendment submitted to the people had been
voted down, and that was the end of the amend-
ment to the State constitution; but then the
Democratic Legislature seized upon the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution of the
United States which had already been adopted
the previous year by the people of the State
and by the Legislature of the State, and re-
pealed, so far as they could repeal, the ratifi-
cation of the previous Legislature.
Now, sir, I say never have the people of Ohio
rejected the fourteenth amendment; on the
contrary, during the last year we had again an
animated contest in which a Legislature was to
be elected; we went before the people on the
very question of the fourteenth amendment,
and also upon the very desire to repeal and
set aside the action of the Legislature on the
fifteenth amendment, because the same Legis-
lature which repealed the action of Ohio on
the fourteenth amendment rejected the fifteenth
amendment, and one of the points at issue in
the contest of this year was on the revision of
the action of the last Legislature upon the
fifteenth amendment.
At the last election this question of the adop-
tion of the fifteenth amendment was one ofthe
main issues involved in the contest. We had
no other national issue; we had no United
States Senator to elect, nothing of a national
character to excite an interest in the contest
outside of our State politics except the ques-
tion of the fifteenth amendment. That was
the only point at issue involved in the contest
which was of a national character. Itwaspre-
ijonted in both platforms, the Republicans in
'heir platform affirming in the strongest lan-
guage that the fifteenth amendment was vital
and necessary, and the Democratic party on the
other hand opposing the fifteenth amendment
and denouncing it in their usual way. That
was the only national question which was sub-
mitted to the people of Ohio at the last election,
and what was the result? Why, sir, although
there were many circumstances naturally oper-
ating against the party in power at the begin-
ning of a presidential administration, the people
of Ohio, by a majority of seven thousand,
decided that question in favor of the fifteenth
amendment.
It is true there is some question as to whether
the Legislature of Ohio will carry into effect
the will of the people as thus expressed, be-
cause in the county of Hamilton where there
were local divisions and disaffections a reform
movement sprang up on account of matters of
a local character, and' the Democratic party in
order to divide and defeat the Republicans
there—a very common trick, nodoubt—selected
a ticket composed of half Republicans and half
Democrats, which was successful. If those
Republicans elected on that union ticket should
vote in accordance with their old party affin-
ities and old party principles, as a, matter of
course the amendment will be ratified by the
Legislature and the vote of Ohio will no longer
be in doubt. But, sir, more than seven thousand
majority of the votes of the people of Ohio over
Etod above those Republicans in Hamilton
county who voted for the union ticket voted
for the fifteenth amendment, and if the Legis-
lature of Ohio now will carry out the repeatedly
expressed will of the people, especially that
will deliberately expressed at the last election,
they are bound in honor to ratify the fifteenth
amendment.
I say, then, that never, never have the people
of Ohio rejected the fifteenth amendment;
never have they rejected the fourteenth amend-
ment; and the action that was presented here
at the beginning of this session in the shape
of legislative resolutions repealing the consent
of Ohio to the fourteenth amendment was a
movement in violation of the plain and palpa-
ble will of the people. That is my opinion;
and it resulted from the fact that an accidental
contest growing out of an ill-advised amend-
ment to our own State constitution brought into
powera Democratic Legislature which reversed
the action ofthe people at the previous election.
That previous Legislature was elected upon the
question of the fourteenth amendment; and
the action of the late Legislature was presented
and reviewed at the last election before the
forum of the people, and the only national
question that was submitted was the fifteenth
amendment, and the people of Ohio then, by a
majority of seven thousand, pronounced in favor
of the fifteenth amendment. These are facts
which probably are only of local importance,
but yet showing the popular feeling as to the
fifteenth amendment and correcting a misap-
prehension as to the conduct of the people of
Ohio and the vote of the people of Ohio on this
subject'. For this reason those remarks, I trust,
will not be deemed out of place.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, it was the
custom of a gentleman who long held a seat in
this body and a very distinguished position
before the country, and who became at last the
father of the Senate, to frequently rise when
there was no question before the Senate at all,
or whether there was any question or not, " to
vindicate," as he said, " the truth of history."
I suppose my colleague, having that example
before him, feels bound to vindicate the truth
of history with regard to the State of Ohio. I
beg leave in the same spirit to complement his
statement. He says that the fourteenth amend-
ment was adopted by the popular vote of Ohio
in 1866; that that was the question before the
people, and that the people of Ohio in elect-
ing a Radical Legislature that year decided in
favor of the fourteenth amendment. Well,
now, with great deference to my friend and
colleague, who I know would not make any
statement that he did not believe, I must be
allowed to dissent entirely from that statement.
Mr. President, I do not think the fourteenth
amendment was mentioued in one speech out
of twenty from a Republican foru m in 1860. It
was Andrew Johnson, and Andrew Johnson
swinging around the circle that was the staple
of all the public speeches that year. It was
denunciation of the traitor,, Andrew Johnson,
not traitor to his country, but traitor to his
party. It was that kind of denunciation and
declamation which arouses a party against one
of its members who has been elevated to office
by it and who is supposed not to " toe the
mark," not to obey all party behests. It was
that, and not the fourteenth amendment, that
stirred the Republican party of Ohio in 1866;
and unfortunately for the country, as I think,
and unfortunately for his own fame, as I think,
the late President gave too much color to that.
It was that which caused almost a mob at Cleve-
land when he addressed the people there. It
was that which aroused every man who heard
him when he denounced Congress in terms that
were scarcely respectful. It was that which
stirred up party feeling; and all questions about
amendments to the Constitution were lost in
that rage of party which sought to punish the
supposed traitor to the Republican party in-
stead of being the deliberate voice of the people
upon such a great question as an amendment
to the Constitution. That is what the cam-
paign of 1866 was.
Well, sir, a Radical Legislature was elected
l^iat year that did propose, as my colleaguelias
said, an amendment to the State constitution.
That amendment was twofold. It proposed to
strike the word " white" out of the State con-
stitution, so as to place colored men on pre-
cisely the same footing with white men in that
State. It proposed further, as my colleague
has said, to disfranchise deserters from the
Federal Army; and now my colleague tells the
Senate that it was that disfranchising provision
which defeated that amendment. He gives the
Senate to understand, if I do not misapprehend
him, that if the proposition, pure and simple,
had been presented to the people of Ohio
whether they would strike the word "white"
outof their constitutien the amendment would
have been carried, but there being a provision
disfranchising deserters from the Inderal Army
that amendment was defeated. If that is so,
Mr. President, who.were the deserters? You
had in Ohio a majority in 1863, as you counted
it out, of one hundred thousand. You had
majorities after that ranging from that down to
forty thousand, where you seemed to stop, and
to stop, fortunately, as a permanent majority in
the State. What defeat broke down your forty
thousand majority in 1867?" What reduced it
to less than three thousand majority? It could
not have been Democratic votes, for the Dem-
ocrats had cast at every election their full
strength. If, then, that amendment was de-
feated, and if forty thousand Republican ma-
jority was reduced to less than three thousand
majority because you proposed to disfran-
chise the deserters of Ohio, those who had
abandoned the flag of the country in the war,
who was it that composed those deserters?
From what party did they come? They could
not have eome from the Democratic party.
Mr. NYE. No ; they never went in.
Mr. THURMAN. Never went in! Who
says that? _ Why, my own county sent more
Democrats into the war than there are voters m
the State of Nevada. Yes, sir; my own countv,
with her three thousand Democratic majority—
and nine tenths of the soldiers that went from
that county to the war and have their honor-
able discharges in their pockets were Demo-
crats—sent more soldiers than there are voters
in the State of Nevada.
But, sir, then came the election of 1868 that
my colleague loses sight of entirely. You car-
ried the State of Ohio for the Republican party
in 1868. How did you carry it? You carried
it upon the Chicago platform, which declared
that to every loyal State belonged the regula-
tion of suffrage in that State. Was not Ohio a
loyal State? Who denies that? You said in
the platform of the Chicago convention which
nominated General Grant that to every loyal
State belonged the regulation of suffrage in
