1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4355
Tennessee, as a naked proposition. I do not
object to it as an independent proposition. My
objection is that the amendment for the prop-
osition sent to us by the Senate accomplishes
nothing but to give females an opportunity to
enter into vacant clerkships.
Mr. MAYNARD. In my judgment theprop-
osition I have suggested will be fair and right.
An illustrative instance has been given to me.
In one of the Departments a lady was employed
to keep a set of books. By some means the
work was taken from her and given to two
men. It took two men to do what she alone
had done, and because they were considered
to be doing higher work than before their sal-
ary was increased. To complete the joke and
give it point, I am informed that the work in the
hands of the men fell behind, and the assistance
of the lady herself was needed to bring it up.
If a woman can do a specific class of duties
better than a man, or as well, let her be em-
ployed and paid accordingly.
Mr. HOAR. I move to amend the amend-
ment uf the Committee on Appropriations by
adding the following:
And hereafter the compensation of all such officers
who arc females shall be the samo as now fixed by
law for males uf the same class.
I wish to have a direct vote on the question
whether the House is willing to do exact justice,
and say that every female employed by the
Government, whether appointed last year or
next, shall have the same compensation as a
male clerk doing the same duty. That would
be the result of the amendment which I pro-
pose. It will enable the House to vote that
all persons, without distinction of sex and with-
out distinction as to the kind of employment,
shall have the same compensation for the same
work.
Mr. DAWES obtained the floor.
Mr. ALLISON. Let us have the previous
question on this. I think that all understand
it now.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. I would suggest a
modification of his amendment to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoau.] These
employes are not all regarded as •'officers."
The gentleman's amendment applies only to
"officers." The words "clerksand employ6s"
should be inserted. The appropriate language
ought to be used.
Mr. HOAR. I have no objection to assent
to the modification suggested by the gentleman
from Illinois.
The SPEAKER. The amendment, as mod-
ified, will be again reported.
The Clerk read as follows :
Add to the amendment of the committee the fol-
lowing words: ,
And hereafter the compensation of all such ofh-
reis, cleiks, and employes who arelemalcs shall he
the same as now fixed by law for males of tno same
class.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I desire that
the House shall fully understand the effect of
this amendment. As it is now, I fail to un-
derstand what these gentlemen desire. II
they desire no discrimination whatever with
regard to clerks and employes of the Govern-
ment on account of sex they have it in the
amendment reported by the committee just as
plain as words can make it. The amendment
provides—
That hereafter in the appointment and employ-
ment of clerks, copyist*, and counters, or othei em-
ployes in the several Departments of the Govern
menf. there shall be no discrimination between males
and females.
Now, if that is what gentlemen want they
have it m this amendment. If they want a dis-
crimination in favor of females against males,
then they will adopt the suggestion of tue gen-
tleman from Vermont, [Mr. Willakd ; J but it
what they desire is exact equality, no more for
a male than for a female, and no more for a
female than for a male, no language can be
devised more explicit than that which is used
in our amendment. If they want another thing,
that every position under any head of a Depart-
ment shall be open to males and females with-
out distinction, they have that just as plainly.
The amendment provides that—
It shall bo lawful to appoint and employ any com-
petent and worthy person in such positions without
regard to sex.
That puts them upon an entire equality. But
that is not what the gentleman from Vermont
wants. The gentleman from Vermont declares
plainly and explicitly that ho wants all those
who are now in the employment of the Gov-
ernment, whether male or female, however
young in the scrvice, who have salaries less
than §1,200, shall have th?m raised to $1,200.
That is what ho wants, and that is (he only
difference between our amendment and the
various other amendments which have been
suggested.
Now, let us look at this question. There are
more than one thousand females in the employ-
ment of this Government to-day with salaries
under $1,200, receiving at the rate of $900.
But my friend from Vermont proposes, by our
adopting the Senate amendment, to make every
one of them a §1,200 clerk. Now, sir, mak-
ing them $1,200 clerks would add to the bur-
dens of this Government $300,000 e\!erv year.
I ask, why should this be done? Is the female
in the employment of the Government, paid
less in proportion to the amount of her labor
than she is anywhere else? 1 say there are uo
positions in the nation where these females can
earn more than $000. And there is no body
of females anywhere in the country, not even
those in the employment of the Government,
■rIio ask for this. 1 have reason to know that
the intelligent and thoughtful among the females
employed in the Treasury Department are
alarmed at this movement. I have communi-
cations from them in writing to this efleet, and
it is within my knowledge that they have been
here and called out members to implore them
not to adopt this proposition. They do ask
that the avenues to these other offices may be
made open to them, .so that if they aie com-
petent to fill the office of a $1,200, or $1,400,
or $1,000, or $1,800 clerk it shall be lawful to
appoint them. And that is all they do ask.
But they do not ask that females doing the
services they now do for $900 shall be put up
to $1,200,
Mr. FARNSWOllTII. Will the gentleman
yield to me for a question?
Mr. DAWES, i yield to the gentleman.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. Has it not been for
years and years lawful to appoint females as
first-class clerks?
Mr. DAWES. T stated yesterday that I sup-
posed that it was, but that it had been ruled at
the other end of the avenue that it was not.
Mr. FARNSWOllTII. Oh, no.
Mr. DA WES. The gentleman, if he chooses,
mav dispute my statement, but 
Mr. FARNSWORTII. Is it not true that
since we have made appropriations to pay
female clerks $000 a year they cannot be paid
any more?
Mr. DAWES. I understand what I am
talking of. If the House is ready to raise the
salaries of all female clerks to $1,200 a year,
then they will vote down this amendment. If
they are ready to make perfect equality be-
tween males and females in all employments
under the Government, they will vote for it.
I move that debate be now closed.
The motion was agreed to.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence in the amendment of the
Senate No. 228, with an amendment, as fol-
lows :
Strike out all after the enacting clause of said Sen-
ate amendment, and substitute m lieu tuereof the
following: . , ,
That hereafter, in the appointment and employ-
ment of clerks, copyists, and counters, or other em-
ployes in the several!) epartmcnts of the fcrovernmem.
there shall be no discrimination between males ami
females; and it shall be lawful to appoint and em-
ploy any competent and worthy persons m such posi-
tions without regard to sex; hut the number of clerks
shall not be increased by this section.
The pending question was on the amend-
ment of Mr. Hoar, to add to the amendment
of the Committee oil Appropriations the fol-
lowing :
And hereafter the compensation of all sucll officers,
clerks, and employes who are females shall be the
same as now fixed by law for males of the same class.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
4G, noes 75.
Mr. FARNSWORTII called for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken: and if was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 7f\ nays 71, not voting
78: as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Armstions, Anicll, Aspcr,
Atwood, Axtcll, Barry, Booker. Bowen.lioyd. James
Brooks, Buck, Benjamin F. Bnller,Itodeiiek It.But-
ler, Cessna,Sidney Clarke, Clinton L.Cobb, Coburn,
Conner,Oowfes. Cullom,I)avis,Degener,Oox,Duval,
Farnsworth, Ferry. Fisher, Fitch, Get/,, Griswold,
Hale, Hamilton, Harris, Hawkins, Hays, Iletlin,
Hoar, Ilolman, Johnson. A lexanderII. Jones.Kerr,
Lash, Marshall, Maynard, Morgan. Morphie, Daniel
.I.Morroll, Newslutm, Nib lack, Orth, Packard, Paine,
Palmer, Peck, Perce. Porter, Pressor, ttandall, Rice,
Lionel A. Sheldon, Shober, William Smyth, Stark-
weather, Stevenson, Stokes, Htoughton, Strader,
Strickland. Swann, Tyner, Vnu Auken, "Wheeler,
W ilkinson.Wil bird, Buff en e M.Wilson, John 1\ Wil-
son. Wood, and Woodwaul—78.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Bailey, Banks,
Beaman, Beatty, Beck, Benjamin, Bennett, Benton,
Blair, Buckley, Bullin ton, Burchard, Calkin, Ch arch-
ill, Amasa Cobb. Cook, Conger, Crobs, Dawes, Dickey,
Donley. Ela. Ferriss, Finkelnburg, Gi Hi 11 an, llani-
bleton, llamill, llawtey, lfa.y, Hili.llotchkiss, Judd,
Kolley.lCnapn.Laflin, Lawrence, Lewis, McCarthy,
MeCormiek,McCrary, MeUrew, MclCee, McKeime,
JVlcNeely, Mereur, Milnes, Eliakim II. Moore,
O'-Neill, Plait, Poland, Pomeioy, Potter, lteevcs,
Hoerers, Sanford, Sareent, Sawyer, John A. Smith,
William J. Smith, Sweeney, Tafl'c, Tanner. Till-
man, Trimble, Twichell, Upson, Van Horn, Waid,
"William li. Washburn. Wells. Winchester, and
Witcher—74.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Ayer,
Barniim, Ui^frs, Bingham, Bird, Boles, Goorgo M.
Iiiooks, Burdctf, Burr, Cake, William T.Clark,
Cleveland,Covode,Cox, Dickinson, Dixon, Dockery,
Dyer, Kldudge, Fox, gai field, Oibson, ilaight, llal-
deman, Ilonton, lloge, Hooper, ingersoll, Jenckes,
Thomas L. Jones, Julian. Kellogg, Kclsey.Kctcham,
Knott, Logan, Loughndge, Lynch. Mayham, Jesse
11. Moore, Witiiam Moore, SamuolP. Morrill. Mor-
rissoy, Mungcn, Myers, Ncgley, Packer, Peters,
Phelps, ltidgway, Hoots, Schenck, Sehumaker, Kco-
ficld. Shanks, Poller Sheldon, Shcrrod, Slocuia,
Joseph S. Smith, Worlhington C. Smith; Stevens,
Stiles. Stone, Strong,Taylor,Townsend, Van Trump,
Van Wyck, Voorhees, Wallace. C.adwaladerC. Wash-
burn, Wclkor, Whitinore, Williams,and Winans—78.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. PAINE. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment to the amendment
was agreed to, and to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
ilr. BENTON. I call for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
Mr. PAINE. Then I withdraw the motion.
The amendment of the Committee on Ap-
propriations, as amended, was agreed to ; and
the amendment of the Senate, as amended, was
then concurred in.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask for a separate vote
on Senate amendment No. 242.
That amendment was to insert the following
new section :
Rkc. 8. And be it further enacted, That the sum of
$500,000 be, and heieby is, appropriated, out of any
moneys m the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
for the construction, under the direction of the Sec-
retary of State, on the southerly porl ion of the prem-
ises now occupied by the "War and Navy Depart-
ments, of a building which will form the south wing
of a building that when completed will bo similar ill
the ground plan and diiucnj>ions_ to the ireasury
building, and provide accommodations for the State,
"War, and Xavy Departments ; the building to be ot
such kind oi. stone as may be hereafter dctonniued,
three stories in height, vnth basementand attic; t.io
bright of thepavihoDK to be increased, ii necessaryj
the buildins to be of fire-proof construction, ana
m the renaissance btyleof architecture; the plans to
be npproved by the Seeretary of State, the secretary
of War, and the Secretary of the Navy beforo any
money is expended under the provisions ot this aoc.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend that the amendment be not concurred in.
The SPEAKER. The question is, Wilt
the House concur in the amendment ot the
SGII cito ' •
ilr. FARNSWORTH. Upon that question
I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
