1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
211
that State. You said that to the people of Ohio
in 1868. You said it from every stump; yon
said it in every newspaper; you said it in every
convention yon held; and upon that solemn
pledge to the people of Ohio, that to that State
should be left the regulation of suffrage therein,
yon carried that State. Bat the election was
scarcely declared, President Grant was not in-
augurated yet, before you_ proposed to nullify;
that declaration, to repudiate your platform of
Chicago, and to force on the people of Ohio the
fifteenth amendment. And now my colleague
says that the people of Ohio at their last election
decided in favor of the fifteenth amendment.
He says with perfect truth that his party did
adopt a resolution in favor of the fifteenth
amendment. He says that the Democratic
party took issue with them upon that subject.
That is perfectly true. But will he tell the Sen-
ate, will any gentleman of experience tell this
Senate, that a vote of the people is a decision
in favor of every proposition that may be in the
platform of the party which succeeds ? Does
not my colleague know that the distinguished
gentleman, his candidate for Governor of the
State and who is aa. worthy aman as lives, does
he not know that thatgentleman in his speeches,
almost from the first speech which he made
accepting the nomination to the last, made the
theme of his speeches what he said was the
wastefulness, the extravagance, and the prof-
ligacy of the Democratic Legislature ? Why,
sir, for one word that was said about the fif-
teenth amendment in the canvass there were
pages spoken and pages written to depreciate
the Democratic Legislature, to make it odious
before the people. But that was not all. There
were various subjects that were before the
people that year; and surely it is not neces-
sary for me to say .to a body as intelligent ns
that which now hears me speak that such a
decision, with a multifarious platform and mul-
tifarious topics, cannot bo quoted as the decis-
ion of the people of Ohio in favor ot' this
amendment. I grant it is entitled to some
weight; what weight it is entitled to is to be
considered; but to speak of it as an authorita-
tive decision upon this question, in my judg-
ment, Mr. Fresisident, is what can be said of
scarcely any popular vote whatsoever.
Before 1 take my seat allow ino to say one
thing, and it comes in right here very properly.
My colleague has alluded to the fact that the
Legislature of Ohio, before three fourths of'the
States had assented to tho fourteenth amend-
ment, withdrew its assent. The Legislature in
1807 withdrew the assent that previously had
been given in 1800, and rejected that amend-
ment. The Legislature of New Jersey did the
same. -The Senator from Connecticut [Mr.
Ferry] has truly stated to the Senate that if
the States had the right thus to withdraw their
assent the fourteenth amendment is not a part
of the Constitution of tho United States. Now,
Mr. President, mark it, the State of Ohio has
rejected tho fifteenth amendment to the Con-
stitution. A Legislature will meet next month
in that State and the most strenuous efforts
will be made to induce that Legislature to
ratify the fifteenth amendment. I beg the at-
tention of Senators to the fact that if Ohio
could not withdraw her assent to the fourteenth
amendment and reject it she cannot withdraw
her rejection of the fifteenth amendment and
now ratify it. In other words, if a State when
it has once acted on a proposed amendment to
the Constitution of the United States becomes
functus officio in respect to that amendment
so that the Legislature of the State has no
further power over it,if it can decide bnt once,
Ohio has decided against tho fifteenth amend-
ment, and tho present Legislature will have no
power to reverse that decision and now ratify
that amendment. Should it happen, which I
do not think will happen, that the Legislature
shall attempt to ratify that amendment, I hope
that my colleague and myself will stand side
by side to say that that ratification amounts to
just nothing at all.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I do not
intend to be led off into the discussion of a
collateral question like that now presented by
my colleague, although I must confess that it
seems to ine very elear that a Legislature may
reject a constitutional amendment at one time
and adopt it at another. I see no difficulty in
that. I have seen the Senate very often reject
a bill and shortly afterward under better advice
pass it. Bat that is a question that does not
affect the point. I rose to state certain facts
in regard to Ohio politics, and my colleague
does not dispute any one of them except the
first, and that is that the fourteenth amend-
ment was the basis of the contest of 18G6.
The strong feeling against Andrew Johnson
in 1800 was that he resisted so fair, honorable,
just, and conservative a measure as tho four-
teenth amendment. Tho whole indignation
against Andrew Johnson was not because he
made a foolish speech at the White House and
behaved most unseemly at certain times, but
simply because he opposed and resisted with
the whole executive power a fair, reasonable,
and moderate settlement that the people them-
selves approved. The people are not governed
by any hasty impulse.
Then my honorable colleague says that the
fourteenth amendment was not involved in the
campaign of 1800. I will venture the assertion
that there was no speech made by my colleague
during that whole campaign in which he did
not arraign tho amendment; and 1 know, for
one, that in tho latter part of the canvass of
1800, when I went through the State of Ohio,
in every speech I made the fourteenth amend-
ment was the burden of my song, and Andrew
Johnson wasonly the outside show, [laughter;]
and I think that was the case with my colleague,
because I am sure he was very skillful and
export at all times in arraigning before the
people in his own way the question of negro
suffrage as presented by the fourteenth amend-
ment.
Now, in regard to the amendment of the
State constitution proposed in 1807 rny col-
league again makes a mistake. The exclusion
of thousands of patriotic soldiers would have
been perfected by the adoption of that, amend-
ment ; and when 1 went to tho polls to vote ou
thnt occasion the exclusion of those patriotic
soldiers was itself tho great objection to tho
amendment. 1 know that soldiers who had
served faithfully through the war and who were
willing to vote that all the negroes in Ohio
might exercise the suffrage voted against the
llepubliean party on that amendment because
it undertook to disfranchise what were called
deserters. Who wore deserters? Ohio sent
over three hundred thousand men into the field;
we had three or four hundred regiments. At
the close of the war when their terms of enlist-
ment had expired by those terms themselves,
and when thoy legally had a right to their dis-
charge, thousands of Ohio soldiers wore held
unwillingly in the service, and some of them
were actually sent to Texas long after the war
ceased. I have always regarded that as nu act
of unauthorized power, 1 believe every one
of those soldiers had a right to leave his flag
the very moment peaco was proclaimed in this
country; but the Government, driven more by
its necessities than anything else, held thou-
sands of Ohio soldiers in the service for mouths
after their enlistment expired, and sent some of
them—two regiments I know, with which I was
familiar—o(f to Texas in u remote and danger-
ous service, where they suffered more by the
yellow fever than they had previously by the
bullets of tbe rebels.
I do not state it too strongly when I say that
thousands—1 think my colleague will bear me
witness—that thousands of those Ohio soldiers
who had served faithfully for three or four years
in the war, feeling themselves aggrieved by the
action of the Government for which they had
fought, deserted their flag, and 1 believe they
did right, because I believe their terms of enlist-
ment were ont and that they were detained in
violation of law and in violation of the terms
of the enlistment. I know brave soldiers as
honorable as my colleague or myself who at
the close of the war left the city of Washington
and went home because they thought they had
a right to leave after the grand review here ;
and yet they are recorded in the books at "Wash-
ington as deserters, and we afterward had to
pass and did pass a law, by 1 believe the unani-
mous vote of both Houses, declaring that per-
sons in'this condition were notdeserters within
the true meaning of the law; and yet there they
stand on the record as deserters. Jhe law to
which I now'refer was passed after the alleged
desertions occurred and after the question was
discussed before the people of Ohio. If that
amendment had been adopted in 1867 these
brave soldiers would have been disfranchised,
and I believe as many soldiers would have been
disfranchised by that amendment as there would
have been colored men enfranchised by its
operation. It was the unfortunate position of
our Ohio contest and of this State ataendnient
in 1867 that lost us the Legislature and enabled
the Democratic party not only to refuse assent
to the fifteenth amendment, but to assume to
reject the fourteenth amendment, which had
already been adopted by a majority of forty or
fifty thousand of the people of Ohio.
Now, Mr. President, in regard to what my
friend says about the Chicago platform and the
change of our party position from the Chicago
platform, all that is a matter of general political
debate, and it is too late in the evening for
us to enter into (he discussion of it; but in
regard to the last campaign my colleague, it
seems to me, rather evades the question here.
The question is whether the'people of Ohio
haVo directly or indirectly rejected the fifteenth
amendment. I say they never have. He must
admit that at the last election there was no
other national question'at issue except the
fifteenth amendment. It is true the Democrats
did draw in the question of our promising to
pay the bonds in gold, and a good many other
things, in order to makeweight against us, but
the only affirmative proposition of a national
character presented in the last campaign was
the fifteenth amendment; and with all the load
of an incoming Administration, with all the
things that could be thrown into the canvass
against us, with doubt here and hesitation
there, we entered into the contest and carried
the election before the people upon the fifteenth
amendment when there was no other national
issue involved.
Whether the Legislature will or will not carry
out that will of the people it is not for me to
say. I believe they will; and I hope yet before
this session closes to have the satisfaction of
bringing hei% the vote of the Legislature of
Ohio to make the cap-sheaf upon the pyramid
of liberty which will secure to every man in this
country equal rights before the law, at the bal-
lot-box, to hold public office, and everywhere,
but that is for the future. If the members of
the Legislature carry out the will of the people
who elected them, if they follow the convictions
that they openly proclaimed before they were
elected, if they follow the political associations
which surrounded them when they were elected,
if they carry out the opinions that they expressed
themselves before the people, I shall have the
privilege of doing that thing; if not, I may be
disappointed : but, after all, the people of Ohio
never were false or doubtful upon the question
of the adoption of either the thirteenth, the
fourteenth, or the fifteenth amendment, and I
believe that if you will submit the fifteenth
amendment to the people of Ohio stripped of
all surrounding circumstances and leave to them
the simple question whether a man shall be
disfranchised because he was born with a black
skin, now with the enlightened spirit that has
grown by the progress of this discussion, that
simple proposition would be carried by a major-
ity of more than fifty thousand of the people
of the Stateof Ohio. It was only injustice to
them, to show that they never did go back on
