3412
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
onlv be an incentive to increased production
in the States ot the Mississippi valley aud a
net gain to consumers in the eastern manufac-
turing States, but would promote a direct and
certain increase in our foreign exports, and
consequently in our ocean freight carriage.
1 have not, Mr. Speaker, in presenting the
claims of the West for a reduction of duties
upon articles entering into naval architecture
as applied to their waters been necessitated, as
have ilie gentlemen representing sea-board con-
stituencies, to speak in behalf of a single in-
dustry. It is obvious that it matters little to
our western ship-builders whether these duties
are reduced or not. They do not come into
competition direct or indirect with builders
upon the Clyde or elsewhere. Their prices and
the profits they obtain by the construction of
vessels used in the river commerce is not
affected by the low price of labor abroad, nor
yet by the high cost of iron cordage or other
material that enters into consumption through
their industry, only so far as their enterprise is
checked by the depression from a want of
freightsuperinduced by a high costof carriage.
It follows therefore that while the cost of the
construction of vessels plying upon our west-
ern rivers, aud the cost of carrying freight in
such vessels would be materially lessened by
remission of the duties upon the materials used
in such construction, the remission or rebate
would not go directly or indirectly into the
pockets of ship-builders or to the creation or
revival of a new industry. It would not, how-
ever, go outside of the country. It would go
directly to the agriculturist and the manu-
facturer, to the producer and the consumer,
giving to the one a more adequate return for
his labor, and to the other cheaper bread aud
less expensive cloth. It would not stimulate
a single industry, but would increase the re- 1
turns of all industries. It would not add to i
the prosperity of a city or a colliery; but its
benefits would accrue to country and city, to
farmer, mechanic, aud merchant alike.
Thus, sir, beyond the national consideration
I urged at the commencement of my remarks,
and which alone would urge me to support the
recommendation of the committee, the people
of the West to whose favor I owe a seat in this
House, aud whose claims I here represent,
have an interest direct and personal affecting
every industry and each State in the remission
of the duties and taxes now imposed directly
and indirectly upon ocean, river, and lake ship-
building, which cannot be gainsaid or over-
ridden except a*, a sacrifice of the material
prosperity of the whole nation.
In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, while I have
more especially discussed the merits of this
bill in connection with western interests, I
would for a moment allude to outside and for-
eign influences that seem to be warring against
this measure. In common with my country-
men I feel profoundly grieved at our rapidly .
decaying commerce. While the emblem of j
nationality again floats over a united people, !
unhappily the American flag has almost dia- '
appeared from the ocean. j
While I would not revive any imbittered
feeling at the part played by Great Britain in !
the destruction of our merchant ships, I fully !
recognize the fact that she has been the bene- j
ficiary of her own aggressive acts, and upon !
the reverses of our commerce she has built up !
lier own to colossal proportions. I look upon .
the passage or defeat of this bill as a triumph
of American policy or a victory to the mag-
nates of the Clyde and the huge foreign com-
panies that control our carrying trade. I find
them represented here by an apparently gra-
tuitous lobby. Our desks and the hotels are
flooded with pamphlets deprecating all aid to
American shipping interests, and secret agen-
cies are at work to control the action of Con-
gress. Our opponents appreciate the issues
of the bill, and that with its defeat the work of
the Alabama and Stonewall will be complete.
Sir, I represent the pride as well as the
I pockets of my constituents, and I array them
j both on the side of this bill, believing that I
, represent the one and protect the other in sup-
porting legislation that will again make the
ocean a highway for American vessels freighted
with American productions.
In this connection the following extract from
a speech delivered by Colonel James li. Ends,
the eminent civil engineer now engaged upon
the great bridge at St. Louis, delivered before
the western river improvement convention,
held in St. Louis February 12 and 13, 18G7,
will be read with interest. The subject is not
only a grand one, but the wording is beautiful
in the highest degree. Speaking of the valley
of the Mississippi he says:
" This great valley lies between those parallels of
latitudo that are known to bo most conducive to
health and to tho development of the mental and
physical energies of man. In it* capacity to produce
the cereals, grasses, ootton, sugar, tobacco, heinp,
vegetables, and fruits of every kind; in tho richness
and variety of its mineral wealth, tho grandeur of
its forests, its inoxhaustible quarries; in a word, in
all the natural rosouroos which conspire to increase
tho wealth and power of a people, the bounty of
Providence has been most wonderfully manifested.
" The stream which in ©very direction penetrates
this tavored region, and is the grandest feature of
North America, holds in its watery embrace the
destinies of the American people. Soonor or later
it must give to the dwellers within this valley poiver
and dominion over tho whole boundless continent.
It is the great arterial system of this Republic,
whose hoaven-wrousht channels should teach the
people who possess ttiem that the Almighty designed
tlieui to dwelt in lovo and harmony forever as one na-
tion. There is not a drop within it* noble veins that
is not loyal to tho Union. No effort can be mado to
sunder the Union but will vibrate tho alarm along its
sensitive courses to their most distant and dclicate ex-
tremities. Its vital branches and wonderful reticu-
lations permeate and onvelop tho great body of our
country, giving unity to amplitude, value to pro-
ductiveness, and to the State resistless power, and
an existence as enduring as human liberty and intel-
ligence. Through its copious channels for all time
to come are destined to circulate the sustenance and
surplusage of its people. Life-giving Commerce,
who brings in her ever wclcome train peace and
good will to men, through its many convenient pas-
sages will distribute plenty and prosperity through-
out the realm. The wealth and luxuries of the
generous South will thread its dovious currents to
their very sources, and will be scattered within the
sound ot their tinkling rills and sparkling cascades,
while every wave that is borne toward the Gulf will
be burdened with tho reciprocated offerings of the
colder latitudes. From itsstreains will be sent forth
to the less favored nations of the earth the bountiful
abundance of a land far more blessed than that
which the prophet of old was permitted to gaze upon
but forbidden to eojoy.
"The influence and power of the people <Jf this
valley will be limited only by their virtue and intel-
ligence. TUey can forever rivet to thi3 Union with
bonds firmer than brass or steel the States that lie
beyond the mountains, outposts of the nation, and
which, fringing the Commonwealth, constitute but-
tress and bastion, stockade or portcullis, to give
safety and repose to the mighty State within their
borders. Self-protection, community of interest,
ties of consanguinity aad national pride, will hold
those States to the great central empire as immuta-
bly as the planets are held in their just positions by
the attraction of the vast central orb whose blessed
influence gives them stability, and irom whose
exhaustless warmth they inherit vitality and nour-
ishment,."
I now yield to the gentleman from Missouri,
[Mr. Fink.elnburg.1
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Mr. Speaker, as the
morning hour has not yet expired, and as no
one else seems to be ready to speak at present,
I will take this occasion to say that I fully
realize the importance of reviving our com-
mercial marine, but that I am totally opposed
to the Government bounties and subsidies pro-
posed to be granted by the bill now pending '
before the House. The true remedy, in my :
opinion, is not to be found in increased tax- j
ation, but rather in reducing the burdens which jj
already depress this as well as every other in-
terest in the country. To be sure, we can have
a commercial marine by paying every man for
building a ship, and afterward by paying him
for running it; but I am inclined to believe
that such a system is neither profitable to the
country at large nor just to the people who
are expected to settle the bill.
In ray own opinion the real evil which is
destroying American shipping is to be found in
an excess of that policy which we are asked by
this bill still further to extend—the so-called
policy of " protection." Between the protec-
tion granted on the one hand to the manufac-
turer of material for ships, and upou the other
hand to the ship-builder, the shipping interest
itself has been crushed as it were between
two millstones. Thus one evil is the natural
; sequence of another. Whenever the laws of
I nature are infringed by over-wise legislation
] attempting to improve the natural order of
! things by arbitrary regulations, those laws
; always revenge themselves. Where shall we
| stop? If we go on protecting one industry
from the protection of another until we have
protected everything to death, the epitaph will
be, "Here lie American industry and com-
merce; died of too much protection."
Mr. WELLS. 1 now yield to the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Wood.]
Mr. WOOD. How much of the morning
hour remains ?
The SPEAKER. Seventeen minutes.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I under-
stand the gentleman from New York l~Mr,
Wood] does not particularly desire to go on
at this time. I propose, if I can have the floor,
to move to go into the Committee of the Whole
on the special order, that the morning hour be
considered as closed, and that the seventeen
minutes remaining be added to the morning
hour to-morrow, or whenever this bill may be
again taken up.
Mr. WOOD. There will be no objection to
that.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schenck] asks unanimous consent that
the morning hour may now be considered as
concluded, and that the seventeen minutes
remaining be added to the morning hour ou
next public bill day. The Chair hears no
objection.
WILLIAM J. BLOCIIISTON.
Mr. STONE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1980) for the relief
of William J. Blochiston; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
REPORT ON TOTAL BCLIPSE OF 1869
Mr. LAFLIN reported back from the Com-
mittee on Printing the following resolution; on
which he demanded the previous question:
lleaolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That there be printed one thou-
sand extra copies of the report made by the officers
of the United States Naval Observatory of the total
eclipse of the sun of August 7,1869, tor the use of
the 8enate, two thousand copies for the use of the
House of Representatives, and five hundred extra
copies for distribution among scientific bodies and
individuals by the Superintendent of the United
States Naval Observatory.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered j and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was concurred in.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was concurred in ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AGRICULTURAL REPORT OF 1868.
Mr. LAFLIN also, from the Committee on
Printing, reported the folio wing resolution ; on
which he demanded the previous question:
Resolved, That there be printed of the agricultural
report of 1868 such an additional extra number as
will be required to give the members of the House,
from those States not represented in the Fortieth
Congress, the same number as were assigned to the
members of the House from such States as are now
so represented.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
On the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TRIBUTES TO ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
Mr. LAFLIN. I ask unanimous consent to
take from the Speaker's table the amendment
