2468
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
ure has or has notbeen legally laado or as to whether
the porson seizing was ov was not authorized to seizo
under this act, oral evidence may he heard there-
upon, and the burden of proving the illegality of the
seizure shall be upon the owner or claimant.
11. No claim to anything seized under this act and
returnod into any court of viee admuality. lor adju-
dication shall bo admitted unless the claim bo en-
tered under oath, with tho name oi' the owner, his
residence and occupation, and tho description of the
property claimod, which oath shall be made by tno
owner, his attorney or agent, and to the best of Ins
knowledge and belief. ,
li No person shall enter aelaim to anything seized
under this act until security has been given in a
penalty not exceeding $211) to answer and pay costs
occasioned by such claim; and in default of such
security tho tilings suijed shall be adjudged forfeited,
and shall bo coudemned.
13. No writ shall bo sued out against any officer or
oilier person authorized to seize under this act for
anything done under this act until one month after
notice in writing delivered to him or left at his usual
place of abode by the person intending to sua out
such writ, his attorney, or agent, in which uotico
shall be contained tho cause of action, tho nauie and
place of abode of tho person who is to bring the
action, and of his attorney or agent; and no evi-
dence ot any cause of action shall bo produocd except
sui h at shall bo contained in such notice.
14. Every such action shall be brought within three
luomhs after tho cause thereof has arisen.
1). If on any information or suit, brought to trial
under this aot on account of any seizure, judgment
shall bo given for tho claimant, and I ho judgo or
couit shall ocrtiiy on tho record that there was prob-
able cause of seizure, tho claimant shall not rceovcr
co.ifs, nor shall tho porson who made tho seizure be
liable to any indictment or suit on account thereof;
and if any suit or prosecution be brought against
anv person on account ot any seizure under this net
and judgment be given against him, and tho court
or judge shall ceitify that there was iirobnblo causo
lor tho seizure, then the plaintiff, besides the thing
i cued or its value, shall not rccovcr more than three
nuil u half cents damages, nor any cost ot suit, nor
sh ill tho defendant be liuedmoro than twenty cents.
ll>. Any ottiucr or pcr.on who has made asoizurc
muter this act may, vyitlnn one month altor nottco
(d .ie;i'>n received, tender amends to the party com-
plaining, or to his attorney or agent, and may plead
such tender.
17. All actions for the recovery of penalties or
ioileitnrcs imposed by (his act must bo commenced
within ihree years attcr Hie offense committed.
15. No appeal shall bo prosecuted from any de-
cree or sontenco of any court touching any penalty
or forfeiture imposed by this aot, unless tho inhib-
ition bo applied for and decreed within twelve
months from tho decree or sentence being pro-
nounced. ^
l'J. In cases ofscizuro undor thisact the Governor
iu council may, by order, direct a stay of proceed-
ings, and in cases of condemnation may relievo
from tho penalty in wliolo or in part and on such
terms as may be deemed right,
oU. The several provisions of this act shall apply
to any foreign ship, vessel, or boat in or upon tho
inland waters of Canada; and the provisions here-
inbefore contained ill respect to any proceedings in
a court of vico admiralty shall, in the case of any
foreign ship, vessel, or boat, in or upon the inland
waters of Canada, apply to, and any penalty or for-
feiture in respect thereof shall be prosecuted or
recovered in ono of tho superior courts of the prov-
ince within which such cause ot prosecution may
arise.
lil. Neither tho ninety-fourth chapter of tho L.o-
vised .Statutes of Nova Scotia, (third series,) " oi tho
coast and deep-sea fisheries," nor the act of the
Legislature of tho province of Nova tfcotia, passed
in the twenty-ninth year of her Majesty's reign,
chapter thirty-five, amending tho sorno, nor tho
act of the Legislature of the provinceof Noiv Bruns-
wick passed in the sixteenth year of her Majesty's
reign, ehaptersixty-niuo, intituled "An act relating
to the coar,t fisheries and for theprevention of illicit
trade," shall apply to any ease to which this act
applies; and so much of tho said chapter and of
each ot the said acts as makes provision for cases
provided lor by this act, is hereby declared to be
inapplicable to such case3.
SAN DOMINGO TREATY.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid beiore the House a message from the
President of the United States, in reply to a
resolution of the House of .Representatives of
March 28, 1870, in which the President was
requested, if not incompatible with the public
set \ ice, to " communicate to this House a copy
of the list of privileges in the olflce of the
Secretary of Slate accompanying or relating
to the San Domingo treaty; giving the names
of tho parties and companies to whom have
been granted lands, mines, franchises, and
privileges of all kinds by tho Dominican Gov-
ernment; also, the amount of money paid out
by our Government preliminary to and con-
cerning tho negotiation of said treaty, to whom
and for what purposes, and out of what fund
paid," transmitting a report from the Secre-
tary of State, in which it is stated not to be
compatible with the jiublic interest to com-
municate the information aslced for while the
subject is pending in executive session.
Mr, BROOKS, ofNewYork. I do not recol-
lect where that resolution came from.
The SPEAKER,. If there be no objection-
the message will be referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. COX. The resolution was offered by
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Mongex.]
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I wish to
make this remark, that it seems to mo on a
matter in reference to which we have large
appropriations to make it is quite as important
for us to know the amount of money to be
appropriated as for the Senate.
Mr. COX. With the permission of the Chair,
I would suggest that we ought to have this in-
formation before us as soon as possible after
tho matter has been disposed of by the Senate,
1 drew that resolution, but could not offer it
myself and my friend from Ohio [Mr. Muxgen]
offered it. If the country were in possession
of the information asked for this San Domingo
matter would stop, and the House would stop it.
Mr. BANKS. This subject does not require
discussion. The treaty is not before the House,
but before the Seuate, and the information has
been properly withhold.
Mr. COX. Tho gentleman from Massachu-
setts is mistaken; the subject has been attempted
to be brought before the House in the bill for
tlu: annexation of San Domingo brought in
yesterday.
Mr. BANKS. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the motion to refer the papers to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and ordering
them to be printed.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the operation
thereof tho motion was agreed to.
CIIBYUXNH AND OTIIEK INDIANS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a message from the
President of the United States, in answer to a
resolution of tho House of Representatives of
March 7, 1870, requesting to be furnished with
a copy of orders, correspondence, reports of
councils with Indians by military and civil offi-
cers of the Government, in possession of the
lnteiior ur War Departments, relating to diffi-
culties with the Choyemic, Comanche, Ara-
pahoe, Apache, and Kiowa tribes of Indians
during the year 1807, &c. ; which, with the ac-
companying papers, was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
KXI'ENSUS OF iieadquabtehs.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, transmitting a report of the Quar-
termaster General of the Army inrelalionto the
general expenses connected with the various
headquarters of the general ollieci-s of the
Army ; which wjis referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
exholli:i> joint resolution.
Mr, BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled a joint resolution (II.
R. No. 23-1) directing an inquiry into the loss of
the United States steamer Oneida; when the
Speaker signed the same.
lllSCONSIDEllATION.
Mr. SCOFIEJjD moved to reconsider the
votes by which bills, joint resolutions, or other
papers were referred or recommitted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LEAVM Of ABSENCE.
Mr. STOUGIITON, by unanimous consent,
was granted leave of abscnce for ten days on
account of illness in his family.
Mr. HAMILTON, by unanimous consent,
was granted leave of absence till Monday.
Mr. G1LPILLAN, by unanimous consent,
was granted leave of absence for eight days on
account of sickness in his family.
PAltAGBAY.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted_ to
the sub-Committee on Foreign Affairs, having
charge of the Paraguayan investigation, to sit
during the session of the House.
KICIIABD DUNBAR.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted
for the withdrawal from the files of the House
of tho papers in the case of Richard Dunbar
for losses on timber contract with the "Na-vy
Department.
Mr. SCHENCK. Before moving to go into
committee I am willing to yield to my col-
league, [Mr. MtWGEtf.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. It is so important that
the tariff' bill should be considered, I object to
any irregularities. I demand the regular order.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole upon the special
order.
The motion was agreed to.
l'AJUFF BILL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Wheeler in tho chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the special order,
being the bill (II. 11. No. 1008) to amend exist-
ing laws relating to the duty on imports, and
for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. The CTltrk will report
the pending paragraph and the amendment
pending thereto.
The pending paragraph was the following:
On cordials, liqueurs, arrack, nbsintho, liirsch-
wasser, vermuth, ratalia, and other similar spiritu-
ous beverages, or bittors containing spirits, and not
otherwise provided for, ยง2 per proof gallon; Pro-
vided, That any brandy or other spirituous liquors
imported in cases of less than 14 gallons sliatl bo
forfaited to tho United States.
The pending amendment was to strike out
" 2 " and insert "21."
Mr. COBURN. I cannot understand why
the committee should propose to reduce from
$2 50 to $2 the duty on "cordials, liqueurs,
arrack, absinthe, kirscli-wasser, vermuth, rata-
fia, and other similar spirituous beverages, or
bitters containingspirits." These articles are
not in common use; they are not necessaries
of life. They are beverages, and purely mat-
ters of luxury. They tend to promote the
vicious habits of men. Tliey tend to breed
vice. They tend to destroy the health of those
who use them, and who, I am afraid, will use
them, no matter what duty you putupon them.
I think that these articles should bo put upon
the same basis as brandy, because they are
beverages in the same way as brandies aiid
other spirits manufactured or distilled are bev-
erages. If these are admitted at a lower rate
of duty brandy will be altered, and whisky
will be altered, so as to be brought in under
some of these names, as liqueurs, bitters, cor-
dials, or something of that kind.
[ say that no temptation should be held out
lo parties to make these alterations or perpe-
trate these frauds. It strikes me that when we
have changed the bill so as to provide a higher
rate of duty upon brandy or distilled spirits,
we should also have a higher rate of duty upon
articles of this kind. Indeed I do not know
bat it would be a public blessing if some of
these articles could be prevented entirely from
being imported. Some of them, as absinthe,
are terrible poisons, and a duty upon absinthe
is really a tax upon suicide; for it is about as
speedy and sure a way of committing suicide,
to drink absinthe, as any other way that could
be suggested. It is sure death taken in suf-
ficient quantity.
Mr. SCIIKNCK. The gentleman deserves
great credit for being a worthy advocate of the
great temperance cause; but 1 marvel not a
little that he should insist so strongly on put-
ting the duty on brandy at $3 while he is will-
