1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
511
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Naturalization—Mr. Cleveland.
Ho. op Keps.
latans hawk their sores, to arouse the sympa-
thy of those who are indifferent to other ap-
peals. This is a most beggarly appeal for
assistance to stop the tide of Democracy now
rising in the city of New York and flowing
westward ; but 1 desire to say to the gentleman
and to those who sympathize with him, that he
cannot stop that tide by this nor by any other
oppressive measure; it is too late, the tide of
Democracy is rising and it will roll over the
country, cleansing and purifying it from the
dark stains of the footprints of the Republican
party, made in trampling down the rights of
the people for the last ten years.
Mr. Speaker, this is a bill that ought to be
amended in its title if it is to become a law.
The object of all laws ought to be understood
by their titles, and there should be no ambig-
uity or concealment in the titles to laws passed,
as this professes to be, for the protection of the
public, the purity of the ballot, and the safety
of the nation ; and therefore I say the title
ought to be so amended as to read, "A bill to
discourage the citizens of other countries from
permanently settling in the United States, and
to obstruct the naturalization of foreigners."
If I were to depend for information upon the
remarks of those friendly to the bill I should
be led to believe that all the corruption at our
elections and all the wickedness in the conn-
try comes from the fraudulent naturalization
of foreigners. But such a proposition is as
wide of the truth as are the main features of the
Republican party. If it were true it would
show that the millions of American citizens
were outwitted, overreached, and duped by the
few immigrants landing among us.
But it is not true, and they know that it is
not possible that any very extensive frauds
have ever been committed at elections, except
in cases where the elections were held under the
absolute control of the General Government,
and the frauds connived at by Government
officials, as lias been the case in the southern
States ; anu it is possible that the cry of fraud
in the northern cities is raised afresh now in
order to take attention from the wholesale
frauds the Administration itself has been per-
petrating by means of the military power in
the subjugated States. The real excuse for
the introduction of this bill is clearly admitted
by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Ward,] who does not apply it to any part of
the country exceptNew York city and vicinity.
Nor, Mr. Speaker, is it wanted for any other
portion of the country. Of course it applies
to all parts, but in and around New York,
Philadelphia, and a few other places it is ex-
pected to have its effect; and why is it applied
to these places only by the gentlemen who
advocate it? The answer is simple; those
places have given Democratic majorities, and
it is found that a great part of the foreign
population of those places vote the Democratic
ticket, not fraudulently, as they charge, but
honestly and from principle.
The foreigner comes here to better himself,
to find a free country, to get out from under
rigorous laws, laws adopted for the protection
of the licli against the poor; he flees from
countries where class legislation oppresses linn
and comes to a country where he supposes all
men are placed upon an equality before the
law, and where the laws protect the weak
against the oppression of the strong, where ho
expects to find the poor shielded from the
possibility of starvation and labor lifted from
the clutches of overreaching capital. He
leaves a country where taxation is so great
that the poorer classes are hopelessly poor, and
where the hand of Government is raised only
to smite him, and comes to a country where
he has been told that the great arm of the
Government will be thrown around him as a
shield; and what does he find? lie finds a
strife between two great political parties, be-
tween capital and labor, between bankers, spec-
ulators, monopolists, great corporations, and
moneyed institutions on the one hand, and the
hone and sinew of the country, the producing
classes, on the other; between craft, tyranny,
and overreaching power on the one side, and
freedom, justice, and individual rights upon
the other; between narrow-minded bigotry and
a tendency toward aristocracy, with high
taxes and a Chinese policy in the Republican
party, and liberal laws, broad and comprehen-
sive views of the proper functions of govern-
ment, the true progress of civilization, the
brotherhood and accountability of nations, and
the emancipation of labor in the Democratic
party ; between the inert helplessness in for-
eign affairs of the Republican party, withdraw-
ing itself, like a turtle when wounded, leaving
its citizens to take care of themselves, languish
in foreign prisons, as they are now languishing
in British dungeons for words spoken in the
United States, or to be shot down almost
iu sight of our own shores without cause, as
recently in the streets of Havana—between that
party and the rigorous and determined foreign
policy of the Democratic party, that followed
and rescued Martin Koszta from the unjust
demands of Austria, his native country, after
he had declared his intention of becoming a
citizen of the United States, but had returned
homo on a peaceful visit.
Between these two contending parties the
foreigner who has sufficient intelligence to
understand a great and free Government and
appreciate its value is driven to the Demo-
cratic party as his home, his shield, and his
friend; and the Republican party, roused to
anger, pursues him with a malignant vengeance
that knows no rest. This bill is but another
mode of persecution to which they would sub-
ject him; hut I believe it is more than this
House can stand. I do not believe a bill can
pass this House requiring such a long and vex-
atious litigation before a foreigner can be nat-
uralized.
We are not prepared to change the whole
system of naturalization that has worked so
well the past seventy years, in fact ever since
the Democratic party overthrew the old alien
and sedition laws. The effect of this bill would
he to complicate the machinery of naturaliza-
tion, to render it a difficult process, burden-
some and oppressive, with innumerable delays,
trials in court like a criminal, and expenses no
ordinary workingman could afford. A notice
is required to be given in court by the foreigner
who desires to be naturalized, and this notice
must state so many details, in regard to his past
history, his person, his present position, and
his intentions for the future, that he could not
prepare such an application himself, and after
the first day spent at court to find out all these
he must at last resort to a lawyer to draw np
his application, and the second day from work
is gone. I speak now of towns in the West,
where these immigrants settle, but where no
court is held, and they have to attend court at a
distance, as four fifths of them must. If he
lias not kept the run of the time and is a day
late, if he does not present his application full
twenty days before the term of the court, his
labor is lost, and he must wait another six
months for the next term of the court.
But suppose he is fortunate enough to get
his application into the court at the right time,
then what? Why, his case is referred to a
register in bankruptcy. What a register in
bankruptcy has to do with naturalization I
cannot imagine, unless it be that they fear that
this hill will bankrupt the Republican party,
and they want all the evidence before a court
of bankruptcy ; but so the bill states ; it must
goto a register in bankruptcy to take evidence;
and here begins the iniquity of this bill. As
a great many cases will be pending, the appli-
cant must dance attendance upon the register's
office with his two witnesses, waiting for his
turn to come, until one, two, three, five days
pass away, and the register cannot hear him
yet, and his witnesses cannot stay any longer;
lie cannot pay them, and he must turn back in
despair to his work, still a foreigner in his
adopted country. He has adopted the country,
but it hesitates to adopt him. But suppose he
is successful the first day with the register ; this
is the third day gone, and he thinks he is now
over his trouble and he waits for his certificate
of citizenship. But the register cannot grant
it after all the trouble; the applicant is referred
back to the court which is sitting ten or twenty
miles away, as the case often is in the West.
He travels back to the court where the register
has told him the evidence will be sent, and
finds himself just where he began.
But suppose the court is not overcrowded
with business and takes his case up at once ;
it is hardly possible that he could be so for-
tunate ; it is more likely that he will be told to
wait, and after several days or weeks, accord-
ing to the amount of business before the court,
it fiuds time to take up his case, and then a
defect is found iu the evidence, and he is re-
ferred back to the register for further evidence;
(this is likely to be the case if the registers
know as little about naturalization as they do
about bankruptcy ;) and he gets his witnesses
together the second time, and, more successful
than at first, he gets the evidence all right and
goes back again to the court to get his certifi-
cate of citizenship. He is certain now that there
can be no more delays, but what is his dismay
to find that the court has adjourned for the
term, and his turn will come six months hence 1
Six months after he goes again to court, and
finally receives a certificate that he is a citizen
of a great country. And all this trouble, ex-
pense, detention, and discouragement is the
true intent of the bill—they intend really to
obstruct naturalization, and the effect will be
to discourage immigration.
But there is another and still more oppress-
ive provision, if a greater oppression can be
suffered, than those already alluded to. The
bill places the foreigner for six months after
he receives his certificate on probation, a state
of waiting, a citizen of no country. He lias
cast off his own country by a solemn oath, but
our Government says to him, '' Wait six months
before you can become a citizen," and in the
mean time pray of what country is he to be a
citizen; to what nation does he belong? I
answer, to none. This bill makes him for six
months a vagabond on the earth, without a
national home, with no claims upon any coun-
try for protection if his pursuits should lead
him abroad. What a ffberal policy! What a
pure, pious, patriotic policy! And this is the
way white men are to be treated for fear they
will harm the country. But negroes, they
belong to a favored race, they can safely be
trusted to vote by the hundred thousand,
although they cannot read their own names
and do not know a constable from a Governor.
The country is considered safe in their hands;
they join the Union Leagues and vote the
Republican ticket; they are valuable citizens,
to be petted and cared for; but the foreign white
man must be kept at arm's length.
If these foreigners would consent, to vote
the Republican ticket, would join the Union
Leagues, and march in their political proces-
sions, would this naturalization bill ever have
been born? Bynomeans. This bill is a pun-
ishment for opinion's sake. But it will fail;
this House will never pass this bill; there are
too many clear-headed Republicans here to
allow the party to commit so great a blunder.
If the gentleman from New York [Mr. Davis]
desires to keep pure the population of the
country, let him stop Chinese immigration, a
class of people who demoralize labor and dis-
grace every locality in which they settle.
