1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2469
ing to admit these villainous compounds at
only $2 50. I think the gentleman is not con-
sistent with himself in taking that ground.
Mr. COBU11N. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will explain that ray amendment was to
bring the duty on these articles up to the stand-
ard of the existing law, just as the House did
yesterday in the case of brandy.
Mr. SCHE NCK. The effect would probably
be very much the same 111 either case. The
House and the country will come to understand
very soon what the effect of the amendment as
to brandy will be. Just now one of the great
difficulties in getting a revenue from it is that
we have a tariff so high that they are smug-
gling it, as some gentlemen here from along
the New York border know, very freely from
the British provinces, bringing it across the
lines in little casks. And we may get the duty
upon these cordials and liqueurs of different
kinds so high and keep them so high as to
result in the same thing.
There is a good deal to be considered besides
a general hostility to these liquors, and every
effort to keep them out may have the effect to
bring more of them in. And it may bring more
of them in under such circumstances as to pro-
duce all the evils which the gentleman appre-
hends from their introduction, while at, the same
time no revenue will be derived from them.
Now, 1 am not so much of a temperance man
but that if these things must come in I should
prefer that they should pay and pay well for
coming in, and for that purpose I would prefer
to get as near as possible to the revenue point.
The revenue point is not the highest point in
any case, and least of all in articles of this
kind, which can so easily be made the subject
of smuggling across the border. I am sorry
therefore, in view of this fact, that the House
yesterday should have put brandy back to $3
a gallon ; and I hope this amendment will not
prevail, because it will have the same bad effect,
though not in the same degree. At the same
time, in proposing a different rate from that
proposed by the Committee of Ways and Means,
it seems to me a little inconsistent to keep up
a distinction which favors the compound that
is much more apt to kill than the pure article.
Mr. AXTELL. Imovetoamendttioamend-
ment by making the duty $3 instead of $2 50.
I do this in consequence of the suggestion just
thrown out by the able gentleman who has
charge of this bill, the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and with the hope
that it will meet his approbation. I trust that
when we come to vote in the House we shall keep
up the duty on high-priced brandies where it
was placed yesterday by the committee, and also
put a high duty on these cordials and liqueurs,
such as arrack and absinthe, which are preem-
inently articles of luxury as well as the most
injurious of all luxuries, only used by very
wealthy men wlio take fine dinners, by foreign-
ers who come to this country with their expens-
ive habits and who must have these articles,
and-, as the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Co-
burn] has well said, will have them at any
price. It is hardly worth while to pander to
this vitiated taste by putting the articles down
in price. There is a class of persons who com-
mit the worst suicide that can possibly be com-
mitted, if there can be any comparative in sui-
cide. The man who blows out whatever brains
he has with a pistol is a meritorious individual
compared with the man who kills his brain
with absinthe, rendering him a maniac but
still allowing him to live in the community. I
would be glad if the article could be entirely
excluded from the country. But I venture to
say that all of these articles are eminently arti-
cles of luxury, and I hope that we will fix the
tariff upon them at $3 a gallon.
It is said that we cannot enforce the law, and
that it will encourage smuggling. If a man
can successfully smuggle to save SI a gallon
on a cargo he will do it just as soon as to save
I do not believe the imputation cast by
gentlemen upon the vigilance of the revenue
officers of this country when they say that we
cannot enforce our tariff and revenue laws. If
that is an argument that is to prevail here I think
when certain articles are reached in this bill
those of us who desire to reduce the tariff on
necessaries will have a tremendous lever-by
saying that unless the duties are reduced there
will be smuggling. It is in vain for us to stand
here as legislators to make laws if they cannot
be enforced. I believe this law can be enforced
and will be enforced. It is our duty to tax to
the utmost limit articles of luxury, and espe-
cially that class of luxuries that is injuring our
people. If the people of the country must use
stimulants let them use the pure articles that
we can make in this country from rye and corn
and apples and peaches and grapes. Let us
manufacture our own "chain-lightning," and
then we will not destroy soul and body together
by encouraging the use of these most deleterious
articles.
Mr. MAYNARD. I should be sorry to have
it understood by any gentleman in the House
or outside of it that the Committee of Ways
and Means, in proposing to reduce the tariff
on imported spirits, did it with a view to en-
courage their use, or did it because they do not
regard these articles as a proper subject of
revenue, or that they would not get from them
all the revenue they could possibly derive.
They have always been subject to duties under
the various tariff acts we have had. I have
before me the tariffs since 18-12, and I will give
the rates upon brandies, and then upon cordials,
in tabular form :
Brandies.
Under tariff of 1812, fl per gallon.
Under tariff of 1816,100 per cen t.
Under tarilf'of 1857, 30 per cent.
Under tariff of IbUJ, £1 per gallon.
Under tariff of August 5,181)1, S>1 25 per gallon.
Under tariffs of J uly 1, 1862, and March 3,1833, £1 50
per gallon.
U nder tariffs of J unc 30,1861, and March 3,1803,
§2 50 per gallon.
Under tariffs of Marcli 11, May 1G, and July 28,1865,
$3 per gallon.
Here are the rates on cordials:
Cordial*.
Under tariff of 1812, CO cents a gallon.
Under tai iff of 18-lli, 100 per cent.
Under larilf of 1857, 30 per cent.
Under tanlf oflSOi, 50 cents per gallon.
Under tanffs oi loin and 181)3, 75 cents per gallon.
Under tariffs of 1804 and i>335, 6-2 per gallon.
Under tariff of 18o:3. -:'2 50 per galfon.
Cordials stand now at $2 50 per gallon.
Now, on looking at the importations and the
duties derived from these sources the com-
mittee will see at once from how very small a
portion of the consumption wo actually derive
duties. I have the returns of brandies and
cordials for 1808, and they show an importa-
tion, upon which duty was paid, of less than
000,000 gallons of brandies, and of cordials a
little over 40,000 gallons. The duty on bran-
dies under the present law is 205 per cent., and
on liqueurs over 203 per cent. The committee
thought the duty was so high that, like the tax
Of $2 a gallon on whisky, it was self-defeating;
and therefore, with a view to revenue, with a
view to collect more money than we do from
these articles, the committee thought proper
to fix the duties as they have done in this bill.
If'this committee shall take a different view of
the results of that law from that taken by the
Committee of Ways and Means, if they think
they can get more money with the duty at $3
a gallon than at §2 50 a gallon, they aro right
in fixing it at the higher rate. The Committee
of Ways and Means, from the best examina-
tion they were able to give to it, were of the
opinion that more money would he derived
front these articles, which arc articles of lux-
ury, articles of an injurious tendency, as it is
insisted they are. by fixing the rate at the sum
named in the bill rather than letting them
remain as they are in the present law.
The question was upon the amendment
moved by Mr. Axtell, to strike out "$2"
and insert " §3."
Upon a division, the amendment was not
agreed to—ayes sixteen, noes not counted.
Mr. WINANS. I move to amend the par-
KP^fBTiking ^ "$?" .and inserting
$1 50. I make this motion in the interest
of revenue. I am very well satisfied of the
correctness of the proposition often made by
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means [Mr. Schenok] that the most revenue
is not realized so much from the highest duties
as from those duties which most tend to en-
courage importation. I therefore move, in the
interest of revenue, to reduce this from £2
to SI 50. _
But I rise upon this occasion more particu-
larly to explain what seems to have been mis-
understood in regard to some remarks which
I made heretofore at some length upon the
subjectof this bill. I must have been unfor-
tunate in my choice of words, or else in being
misunderstood here and elsewhere in my recent
remarks on the tariff. I am no free-trader.
On the contrary, I said substantially before,
and I now repeat, that unless and until the
Constitution is so amended as to permit the
direct taxation of property our principal reli-
ance must be upon a tariff upon imports for
the revenues with which to pay the debts of
and to carry on the Government. But in levy-
ing duties I am opposed to protection as a prin-
cipal objective consideration and subject of
legislative intent, believing the same to be
contrary to the letter and spirit of the Consti-
tution, and also to be inexpedient. And
herein it is that I differ with my colleague,
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, who admits the force of my argument
by citing a preamble only of an act of the First
Congress to the contrary. I have a very high
respect for my colleague and for his opinions,
for he was the " Gamaliel" at whose feet I took
my early lessons in political science. But as
a subsequent Congress cannot be bound by
the acts or opinions of a precedent Congress,
I cannot admit that the authority he cites is
worthy of more than respectful consideration.
I admit that in a constitutional tariff for reve-
nue, and especially when, as now, we are under
the necessity of raising iarge revenues, there
will necessarily be resulting incidental protec-
tion to the manufacturinginterests of the coun-
try. This, I said before, and I say now, is to
be deprecated, because while the prices of
domestic goods are increased no revenue is
produced. 1 believe, too, that such protection
as necessarily results from revenue duties
ought., in the spirit of the Republican platform
and in the promotion of justice, to,be equal-
ized as well as the taxes from which it results.
My colleague, in answer to a question dur-
ing his remarks, gave it as his opinion that an
appropriation from the Treasury in the nature
of a bounty to manufactures would be consti-
tutional but not expedient. I would have inter-
rogated further, but he seemed to be averse to
interruption. I now submit that a direct appro-
priation in aid of manufactures would be more
equitable and less oppressive than the indirect
aid afforded by a protective tariff, because in
the former case the burden would fall upon the
whole people, while in the latter it is borne by
those only who consume the goods.
I asked my colleague a question touching the
effect of reducing duties on such goods as are
produced and manufactured in this country,
which, not being germane to the point he was
then discussing, he declined to answer ; and I
nowsubmit that such reduction, within reason-
able and proper limits, would both cheapen
goods and increase the revenues.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Will the gentleman
withdraw his amendment? I will renew it.
Mr. WINANS. I will do so.
Mr. FINKELNBUBG. I renew the amend-
ment. And as bearing upon the constitutional
point, which has just been again referred to,
and as a kind of offset to "the preamble5'
which has so often been referred to here, I ask
the Clerk to read a few lines from Story on
the Constitution, not at all with a, view oi'&et-
