2470
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
tling this question, but simply an an offset to
the much-spokeu-of and the often referred-to
preamble.
The Clerk read as follows :
"The power to regulate manufactures is no nun-e
conlided to Congress than tho power to interfere
with tho systems of education, the poor laws, or tho
road laws of tho Statos, It is notorious that in the
Convention an attempt was mado to introdueo into
too Constitution a power to encourago manufactures,
but it was withheld."
Mr. FINKELNBURG-. I now withdraw
the amendment.
Mr. COBURN. I renew the amendment.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Soiiknck] and
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. May-
nardJ have spoken about the revenue point.
Now, I would like to know where the revenue
point is. If any man on this floor can locate
the revenue point of any one of these articles
I would like to have him do it. Is it at $2,
or $1, or $1 50, or $3 a gallon? Where does
revenue begin, and at what point can you raise
the greatest amount of revenue?
Mr. MAYNARD. Can the gentleman tell
where the revenue point of whisky is ?
Mr. COBURN. Below the present rate
somewhere.
Mr. SCHENCK. We can find the revenue
point only as we can find any other point, by
feeling for it.
Mr. COBURN. That is so, and wo are feel-
ing for it now. You feel in the wrong direc-
tion, I think.
Mr. SCHENCK. By successive experiments
in legislation wo ascertain when we get above
and when we get below that point. It is only
by such experimental legislation and practice
under it that we can tell when we have the
best rule established.
Mr. COBURN. Let the gentleman look at
the returns in this Appendix No. 2 to thereport
of tho Special Commissioner of the Revenue,
and he will find just as good an answer as any I
• can give him. Here is atable showing what rev-
enue wo have raised since the beginning of this
Government to this day under our different
tariffs, beginning with a revenue of $4,399,-
473 0!) in 1791, and coming down to the year
1S00, with a revenue from duties on imports
of $180,048,420 68. That ought to tell him
something about the revenue point. But the
truth is that there is no such thing as a rev-
enue point within certain limits. And having
raised a considerable amount of revenue from
a duty of $3 per gallon on brandy within the
last two pr three years, we cannot tell, from
any data I have seen anywhere, whether we will
raise more revenue at S2 or $2 GO a gallon.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does the gentleman sup-
pose, from his general knowledge of the trade
in that article, that the custom-house returns
of imported brahdy give one half the amount
actually brought into this country?
Mr. COBURN. It is said that there is a
large amount of smuggling. But, sir, there
may be as raucli smuggling with a duty of $2
per gallon as with a duty of $3 per gallon. If
the argument is good with reference to this
class of articles it is good with regard to every-
thing else, and we ought to cut down the tariff
so as to raise hardly any money from it for
fear that somebody will smuggle iron fabrics,
or jewelry, or clothing, or silks, or sugar, or
coffee, &c. Now, we have found by actual
experience that a large amount of money is
derived from the importation of this class of
liquors; and we get more revenue from this
source now than we did formerly when the duty
was very much lower. As the adjustment of
the duty is stated to be a mere matter of experi-
ment, I do not propose to make experiments in
the direction of lowering the tax upon luxuries.
The object which I had in offering the amend-
ment to raise the duty upon cordials, liqueurs,
absinthe, &c., to $2 50 per gallon was to rein-
state the old law. My object in moving to raise
the duty upon brandy to S3 per gallon was-to
reinstate the old law. When the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] says that I want
to impose a larger duty on brandy than upon
absinthe'and similar liquors, I say to him that
in both cases my object is to come back to the
basis of the old law.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. Do I understand the gen-
tleman from Indiaua [Mr. Cobukn] as desiring
to go back to the old law ?
Mr. COBURN. I speak of the law as it is
now. I refer the gentleman to the table given
in the report of the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, showing the revenue which has been
raised at tho rate of §2 50 on the gallon.
Mr. SCHENCK. In 1842, the tariff upon
brandy was GO cents per gallon. By the tariff
of 1857 it was 30 cents. In 1861 it was raised
to $1 per gallon for first proof, the rate varying
after that according to tho proof. In 1803 the
duty was §1 50 per gallon for first proof. By
the act of 18G5 it was raised to $2 50 for first
proof; and in 1800 it was increased to $3 for
first proof. In other words, tho duty upon
brandy was at one period before the war as
low as 30 cents per gallon; and during the
war, when the emergency required that we
should obtain from the tariff the largest possi-
ble revenue, the duty was gradually raised by
successive enactments to $1'G0, to $2 50, and
finally to $3. Following out the idea which I
have already explained, we propose now not
to go back suddenly to the old ante-war stand-
ard, but to take off §1, and fixtheduty at $2.
Now, sir, three years ago under a tariff of
$3 per gallon more brandy was imported than
during the last year. It seems we have got so
much beyond the revenue point that the im-
portation is falling off rather than increasing
under tho duty of $3 per gallon. But as I said
before I do not believe it to be a fact that the
consumption of foreign brandy in this country
falls off in the same proportion, because what
we lose by direct importation upon which we
would derive revenue is broughtover the British
border through tho operations of smugglers.
Therefore the committee propose—and it is not
worth while for me to repeat the argument—to
fix the duty at $2 per gallon, because they
believe that the proper revenue standard has
been exceeded by the duty of $3 ; and one of
the reasons showing that the revenue standard
has been exceeded is the vast amount of smug-
gling going on, of which abundant proof has
seen produced before the committee.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The amendment of Mr. Coburn was not
agreed to.
Mr. KERR. I move to amend by striking
from the pending paragraph the following pro-
viso :
Provided, That any brandy or other spirituous
liquors imported in easej of less than Hgallonsshall
bo forfeited to the United Btates.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to call the attention of the gentleman to the
fact that that proviso has been amended by
inserting "casks" instead of "cases," there
having been a typographical error.
Mr. KERR. The quantity is not reduced.
Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir.
Mr. KERR. I can see no reason why the
United States should forfeit any less quantities
which maybe imported into the country in any
other form importers may see fit to use, and I
desire to ask the chairman of the committee
why it is proposed to forfeit all the importa-
tions under 14 gallons in quantity or s'ize of
cask? I hope I may have the attention of the
chairman of the committee.
Mr. SCHENCK. Because a man may go
ashore in a pea-jacket with a bottle of brandy
in each pocket. It is for the reason that small
packages are a greater temptation to smuggling,
and it has been found expedient by practical
use to prescribe the quantity to be in any one
package, because it can less easily escape when
smuggling is undertaken. And by forfeiting
all small lots, as a matter of course brought
in contrary to law, you hold a check upon all
chance of gettiug in small quantities of any
kind. It is precisely like the provision we
bave in the internal tax law which controls the
size of packages in which distilled spirits shall
be put up in order to have stamps upon them
designating the tax.
Mr. KERR. Is there any present law of
like character with this?
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, sir.
Mr. KERR. What quantity is excluded in
the present law? What is the minimum which
may be imported under the present law in a
single cask?
Mr. SCHENCK. My colleague on the com-
mittee will refer the gentleman to the law.
Mr. MAYNARD. I find in the act of 1SG6
this provision:
"Provided, That brandy andothcrspirituonsliqnors
may be imported in casks or other packages of any
capacity not less than 30 gallons."
Mr. KERR. Is there any provision in that
law relative to forfeiture:
Mr. MAYNARD. Yes, sir; the law further
provides :
"And wine, brandy, or other spirituous liquor im-
ported into the United States and shipped after
the 1st day of October, 1866, in any less quantities
than heroin provided for shall bo forfeited to the
United States."
Mr. KERR. Is that the present law ?
Mr. SCHENCK. The lowest was 30 gal-
lons. We now propose to make it 14 gallons.
Mr. KERR, I will change my proposition,
and leaving the proviso to stand, move to sub-
stitute for the word "fourteen" the word
"five."
Mr. MAYNARD. There is another provis-
ion in the law of 1866 which I perhaps ought
to read:
"And that wino in bottles may bo imported in boxes
containmKnotlessthanonedozen bottles of not moro
than one quart each."
Mr. SCHENCK. That is wine, and not
spirits.
Mr. KERR. I think, Mr. Chairman, that
any reasonable degree of diligence on the part
of revenue officers can protect the Government
against fraud under my proposition, and these
small importations can be permitted with safety'
to the revenue, unless fraud be practiced by
the revenue officers themselves. The truth is,
it is not by this sort of laws we can prevent
fraud being perpetrated on the revenue. Those
frauds are the results of dishonesty on the part
of the revenue agents. If those agents are
dishonest, corrupt, or purchasable they can be
bribed to let in any of these importations,
whether large or small, without regard to the
law. It seems to me this will be sufficient to
enable capable and honest officers to protect
the revenue.
Mr._ MAYNARD. The great part of smug-
gling is not done under the eyes or in the pres-
ence of revenue officers at thq custom-houses,
but the goods are brought in along our immense
frontiers, where there are no oflieers and can
be none ; _and the gentleman will see that it is
much easier to take a small package and bring
it in than to bring in a package of 30 gal-
Jons, as provided by the present law, or 14
gallons, as fixed by the present bill. It is not
within the cognizance of the revenue officers
at the custom-houses that smuggling is prin-
cipally done, but where those officers are not,
or where they cannot observe with anything
like correctness.
Mr. KERR. I desire to ask the gentleman
how he will ascertain that those fraudulent
importations are made elsewhere than through
the ports of entry ?
, Mr. MAYNARD. _ We have ascertained it
by different examinations which we have made.
One instance of the kind 1 will give to the gen-
tleman to illustrate what I mean. It occurred,
within the knowledge of my informant, on the
Mexican frontier. The smuggling was man-
aged in this way: a fisherman coming across
the Rio Grande from the Mexican side would
carelessly drop on the American side the end
of a cord. This would be picked up by an
