4358
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June II,
men of what is necessary to live upon, or that
which would give us men of inferior abilities to
discharge the public duties ; but I mean that
economy which will guaranty to us a proper
administration of the Government and at the
same time relieve the people of this country
from excessive burdens. That is what I con-
sider to be economy, and the proper economy
to be kept in view at this time.
When we are devising means to relieve the
people of the burdens of which they complain,
and under which they are groaning, it is not
true economy for us at the same time to in-
crease the salaries of officers to an amount
much greater than ever has been paid since
the foundation of this Government. We re-
member—it was but yesterday—the reading
of the amendments of the Senate, how they
in crease the salaries of almost every officer.
Commencing with the assistant engineer in the
Senate Chamber, they go up through all the
officers we have, including every attendant.
They take in all the United States judges. They
go into the Treasury Department and the other
Departments of the Government, and increase
I lie salaries of officers almost innumerable, and
to a considerable extent, so far as amount is
concerned. The House yesterday disagreed
with the amendments increasing the salaries
of the officers of the two Houses, and of the
various Departments, of men who are per-
forming hard labor. We refused; we struck
them all down ; we reduced the salaries of the
men that labor here fourteen hours a day. All
of these things we consider economy. We
commence with the men who receive $1,000 a
year, and reduce it to §900 a year, or perhaps
£000. But our economy seems to teach us that
while we are doing that to those who receive
small salaries we must increase the salaries of
those who are receiving large salaries.
That is not my understanding of economy.
I know that some of my Republican friends
are lawyers, and naturally desire to increase the
salaries of these men on account of their pro-
fession and because of their feeling toward that
profession. I would naturally incline that way
myself if I thought it was just and proper to
other persons in official positions in this coun-
try. But if you commence increasing salaries
now at this session of Congress, after what we
have done, and increase the salaries of these
judges of United States courts, you will have
to answer to the country why you have lopped
off the salaries of some of the minor officials
and refused to increase those of others.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Mr. Speaker, the import-
ance of this question, and the necessity of
putting our judiciary on a basis to secure the
highest talent, have been dwelt upon suffi-
ciently, and 1 think every member of this House
is fully impressed with that subject and with its
importance. A fewfigures, however, will throw
some light upon this question, and I think this
is a favorable time to bring them before the
House. We have just added §300,000 to the
cost of one branch of the employes of this
Government.; §300,000 annually at least where
there was not the least earthly call for it, and
upon thatquestion the gentleman from Illinois
[.Mr. Logan] did not vouchsafe to give us his
vote. We have imposed an annual cost of
§;j(!0,000 upon the people, to the injury of
the very class of clerks who are supposed to
benefited by the vote.
Mr. LOUAN. Will thegeutleman allow me
one word right there?
Mr. IIOTCHKISS. Certainly.
Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman says I did not
vouchsafe to give him my vote on the pay of
female clerks. I was not iu the House when
the vote was taken; but had I been here, I
should certai nfy have voted against the increase
of salaries, as I have done at_ all times. I
have voted on the same proposition during this
session.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I am very glad of the
explanation. I was surprised, knowing the
gentleman's views on the question, that he was
not present to vote.
Now, let us see what the position of these
judges is. I suppose that they may be allowed
to have each a family of five persons to pro-
vide for. The judge and his family cannot
engage in any other business or employment. If
you give to the judge and those he has to pro-
vide for the same amount that you give to a
female cleik, it will amountto $12,000 a year;
and I think the services of the Chief Justice
of the United States, which of course embrace
all his family, are equivalent to the services of
six female clerks. We pay them $12,000, and
we hesitate here about paying the Chief J ustiee
of the Supreme Court of the United States
$10,000. He has to discharge duties involving
the very existence of republican institutions
on this continent, and we hesitate to pay him
enough to support himself and his family.
A poor man is excluded from these offices.
The ambition of a poor lawyer is crippled at
the outset. He cannot rise to fill these posi-
tions, let him struggle ever so hard, unless, in-
deed, he gratifies his ambition at the expense
of starving himself and his family. I think
we should fix sufficient salaries to warrant our
filling these places with poor men, men who
have devoted their energies to the cultivation
of their minds and not to filling their purses.
Why, sir, we are met every day, when we pro-
pose worthy men for offices, with the answer
that they cannot afford to take the places, and
that you must let some men take them who
have secured a competence in their business.
Now, I think if we should refuse to add
$100,000 annually to pay our judiciary, after we
have added $300,000 to the pay of the females
employed in the Departments here, we should
be penny wise and pound foolish.
Mr. BECK. Mr. Speaker, I have so far
been generally in favor of concurring with the
recommendations of the Committee on Appro-
priations in regard to the amendments of the
Senate to this bill. 1 have done so because I
know the Committee on Appropriations have
been honestly and earnestly endeavoring to
keep down the expenses of this Government.
I did not feel that I had any right, complain-
ing as 1 have done on several occasions of the
extravagance of the Government, to vote for
large appropriations when they were opposed
by the majority of the committee. But when
I see this House, as the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Hotciikiss] has just shown, voting
§300,000, yes, $400,000 additional to the com-
pensation of a single class  
Mr. ALLISON. Will the gentleman allow
me a moment?
Mr. BECK. Very well.
Mr. ALLISON. I would like to have the
gentleman explain how the amendment to which
ho refers increases the expenditures of the
Department to the amount he has named.
Air. BECK. This House has voted—and I
am sorry to say that some Democrats here
voted in the same way—to pay every female
emploj'6 in the Departments here at least
$1,200 a year, from this time on, wherever
they do the same character of work now done
by men. There is no clerical work of any sort
done in any of the Departments by males,
except by first, second, third, and fourth class
clerks; of which the first or lowest class receive
§1,200, the second §1,400, the third §1,000,
and the fourth gl,800 a year. The Commit-
tee on Appropriations were willing to open
the doors for the appointment of females to the
positions of clerks of the first, second, third,
and fourth classes, so that women should have
the same rights and the same pay as men, when
appointed to these positions; but the House
was not content with that, and it has amended
the proposition reported from the Committee
on Appropriations by adding from three to
four hundred thousand dollars to the expenses
of the Government, when there was no more
necessity for doing that than there is of hav-
ing a fifth wheel to a wagon. The commit-
tee have given the Departments all the clerks
they ought to have, all they have work for,
and have thrown the doors open to both sexes
upon equal terms; and it is sheer extrava-
gance to keep all the male clerks at the wages
now paid, and increase the copyists and female
employ6s, by indirection, up to first, second,
third, and fourth class clerks, at the option of
bureau officers, because theydosometimeswoi-k
similar in character to that done by the clerks
designated, as the House has agreed to do.
Now, when it is asked that a great deal less
than this sum, hardly one fourth of it, shall be
appropriated in order to increase the salaries
of our judges, who now receive a far smaller
compensation than the judges ofany other coun-
try receive, I feel I am at liberty to differ with
the Committee on Appropriations, and to vote
to concur with the Senate in their amendment.,
because I believe it is just. And as we have
abandoned everything like economy in regard
to one class of persons iu the employ of the
Government, we might at least adopt this
amendment, as it is in the direction of justice,
if not of economy.
The chief justice of the little island of Prince
Edward, to which I was sent in conjunction
with two other gentlemen by the Fortieth Con-
gress, with a population of only eighty-five thou-
sand, receives, if I recollect right, $15,000,
and each of his associate justices $10,000 in
gold annually. And so it is in relation to
judges of almost every other country in whicli
law and justice are sought to be administered
impartially by men of eminence and ability.
If the salary of our Chief Justice should be
raised to $10,000 a year he would then receive
less than the General of the Army receives
by $0,000, and his associate justices wonld
receive less than the major generals of the
Army now receive under the law.
1 assert that men who for their abilities and
attainments are respected and looked up to
everywhere; men whose decisions upon great
constitutional questions affect the interests of
forty million people and are quoted as author-
ity all over the civilized world, ought to be paid
enough to enable them at least to support their
families decently, which they cannot now do
out of their salaries in the society in which
they are required to live. I shall therefore vote
to concur in this amendment of the Senate.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DICKEY. A certain amount of respons-
ibility belongs to this side of the House. We
have been preaching economy; iu puisuance
of our preaching we have been striking down
the salaries of officers of the Army, officers of
the Navy, and officers of the various Depart-
ments of this Government; at least we have
been endeavoring to do so. Each officer of
the Army, each officer of the Navy, however
gallant services he may have rendered, how-
ever meritorious his record may be, has had
his salary reduced by this House. Now, simply
because we are lawyers—for that is just what
it amounts to—simply because we belong to
the legal profession, simply because we are in
sympathy with the members of our profession
who occupy official positions, are we to stop in
our course of economy; are we to say that out
of all the economy we have professed wo will
except the judiciary of the United Stales?
There is no reason for that except that a large
proportion of the members of this House belong
to the legal profession.
You strike down the §1,200, §1,600, and
§2,000 clerkships; you decrease the emolu-
ments of some of the Auditors and other bureau
officers of your Departments ; you strike down
the compensation of the officers of the Army
and of the Navy; but when you come to the
judiciary, instead of practicing iu regard to
them the economy you preach so much and
upon which you go to the people, you propose
to raise the salaries of the cntiie judiciary of
the land. If we go on in this way making ex-
travagant appropriations, some one had better
introduce into this House a bill to provide a
