214
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
peu'dence and her Legislature will elect mem-
bers to the Senate and her people Representa-
tives to Congress who are opposed to Radical-
ism or to Republicanism, then Georgia is no
State in the Union!. The question comes to
that issue. "If Georgia is Radical, and in her
elections and/legislation will act in conformity
to the" Radical policy, then Georgia is a State
in the Union ; but if Georgia is Democratic or
anti-Radical, and will elect members of the
Senate opposed to Radicalism, then Georgia is
no'State in the Union I That, I think, is a fair
statement of the proposition which now divides
the Senate upon this evening. Georgia is a
State of the Union if she will adopt the Rad-
ical policy; Georgia is a State in the Union if
she will send Radical members to the House
of IJepresentatives and to the Senate; but if
Georgia act's in opposition to Radicalism and
to the Radical party in those aspects, then
Georgia is no State of the Union at all. Well,
Mr. President, that is about equivalent to the
proposition we have ali so often heard stated
betweep the gamblfp, "Hetjds, I win ; tails,
you lcfe." There is no chance for the inde-
pendence of Georgia, there is no chance- for
her action in relation to this subject of reha-
bilitating her State government, unless she
declares herself Radical; and unless she takes
that position she is not a State'in the Union
at all I
Well, sir, the objections of the honorable
Senator from Wisconsin to the amendment of
the Senator from Indiana I think would avail
nothing, because I think the question in that
form was distinctly made up at the last session
of Congress when the three States of Missis-
sippi, Virginia, and Texas were required abso-
lutely by the action of Congress to adopt the
fifteenth amendment before they could be re-
ceived and treated as States in the Union;
but it is only a difference of form and not in
essence between the two modes ; both of them
are equally coercive of Georgia and destructive
of her independence. She has as much right
to vote upon the proposition of the fifteenth
amendment to the Constitution independently
and of her own free will as has any State of the
United States. Says the Senator from Wis-
consin, " If the amendment of the Senator
from Indiana is adopted it will present upon
the record a case of eoercion of Georgia in this
ratification of the fifteenth amendment, and to
avoid that case of coercion upon the record I
want to dodge that point, but make her adopt
it just as imperatively as a matter of fact though
it is evaded upon the record." That is his
position plainly expressed.
Well, Mr. President, in either form it would
avail nothing. Gentlemen delude themselves
when they believe or affect to believe that by
such shallow devices as that they can avoid the
grave question whether there is coercion exer-
cised in passing upon a proposed amendment
of the Constitution by certain States of the
Union. There is no freedom allowed to Geor-
gia in this matter of passing upon this fifteenth
amendment There was none allowed to Vir-
ginia, to Mississippi, and to Texas. The same
liberty was_ allowed to them and not an iota
more than is allowed by the highwayman when
he arrests the traveler on the highway and
presents his pistol to his breast and demands
of h.lm Your money or your life." That is
the freedom of choice and the freedom of action
iu this grave matter of amending the Constitu-
tion of the United States upon the proposition
of the fifteenth amendment which the party in
power in Congress have allowed to these south-
ern States. The time will come when the
matter in that form will be presented to the
American people.
Mr. THAYER. With the consent of the
Senator from Kentucky I move that the Senate
take a recess until half past seven o'clock this
evening.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope not.. We had
better sit on.
Mr. SUMNER. No ; let us take a recess.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Wil-
liams in the chair.) The question before the
Senate is on taking a recess until half past
seven o'clock.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask whether it is in
order to make a statement in reference to either
a recess or an adjournment which may remove
an impression from the minds of members
that is erroneous? While, of course, I am not
competent to make an agreement for others
I will say for myself that I have no doubt
the vote can be taken on this bill to-morrow ;
the final vote, I mean, on it with or without
amendment. It is not the purpose, and so far
as I know it has not been at any time the wish
of the gentlemen with whom I am acting on
this side of the Chamber to speak merely for
the sake of consuming time. We understand
perfectly well that it would be beyond the
power of human effort on our part to defeat
this bill if the majority mean that it shall pass.
All we have made a point about is what we
think will be fully conceded to us by all fair-
minded opponents, that this bill should not go
through the Senate without the most thorough
discussion on our part. That is all we have
contended for and all we now propose to con-
tend for; and after consultation with such of
the Democratic members as are at hand, I
have no doubt that the final vote can be taken
on this bill, my impression was to-morrow,
though the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Tjiurman]
this moment says Monday. I myself shall not
take up any needless amount of time. I wish
to say something upon this bill, but it will not
be at great length. I put it to Senators whether
having the power which they have in this Sen-
ate they feel themselves warranted in using it
when everything is in their own hands to the
extent of holding a night session to their dis-
comfort as well as to our own ?
Mr. ANTHONY. I think if the Senators
on the other side of the Chamber will agree
that the vote shall be taken to-morrow there
will be no difficulty at all in adjourning now;
but I do not suppose Senators on this side
would agree to postpone it until Monday, be-
cause that would be the defeat of the bill before
the holiday recess.
Mr. CASSERLY. I speak only for m3'self:
and for myself I say that it never has been my
disposition, and I trust never will be, to defeat
a bill, even the most obnoxious, by any other
mode than by exhausting all legitimate means
of opposition.
Mr. DAVIS. I shall be entirely willing
myself that the final question on this subject
shall be taken on Monday or to-morrow; either
will suit me.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to say for myself
that I suggested Monday because of the hope
I entertained that the Senate would adjourn
over until Monday. I do not know how it is
with other Senators, but I have matters that
require attention to-morrow, and I cannot
attend to them unless thf? Senate adjourns
over. We all have, in the early part of the
session, matters that require attention outside
of the Senate and I was in hopes that the Sen-
ate would adjourn over until Monday. But if
the Senate is resolved to sit to-morrow, then
I have no objection to saying that the vote may
be taken at the close of the session to-morrow;
but I would prefer a great deal that the Senate
should adjourn over until Monday.
Mr. CARPENTER. Owing to the condition
of business in the House of Representatives,
I am satisfied this bill cannot be passed before
the holidays unless we pass it at this session
of the Senate; and I do hope the friends of the
bill will stand by it and in the little hours of
the morning, if need be, when the intellect is
clear and the purpose firm, pass it.
1 he PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on taking a recess until half past seven
o clock.
Mr. THURMAN. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the motion that the Senate take
a recess until half past seven o'clock.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate (at
twenty-five minutes past five) took a recess until
half past seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
SENATE CONTINGENT EXPENSES.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the annual report of the Secretary of
the Senate on the contingent disbursements of
the Senate; which was ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
STATE OF GEORGIA.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The recess hav-
ing expired, the Senate resumes, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 281) to perfect the reconstruction
of the State of Georgia, upon which the Senator
from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] is entitled to tho
.floor.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, we have been
told that it is well to have a giant's power, but
tyranny to exercise that power as a giant. The
Senate certainly has the power of a giant and
it certainly exercises its power as a giant. We
have had many evidences of the truth of that
position during the last few years and one
during the latter part of the evening.
The administration of the Government of
the United States for the last few years has
degenerated into a most grotesque but serious
comedy.^ I feel strongly tempted to enter upon
the consideration of the perverted manner in
which its powers under the Constitution have
been exercised ; but the honorable and able
Senator from Oregon [Mr. Williams] says
that that has already been done ad nauseam,.
That honorable Senator has a very delicate '
stomach, almost as fastidious as that of a sick
lady. I had supposed that ho had taken so
many things of such monstrous proportions
and extreme hardness into his political stom-
ach that he had lost his sensibility in that
organ, but I find that I have been mistaken,.
He seems to have a little nausea when his
political misdeeds and those of his associates
are arrayed and presented to his consider-
ation. _ I am glad that lie is evincing so much
sensibility to the administration of a little
medicine. I had thought that his case was
hopeless; but when the stomach has so much
of sensation as to respond to the action
of medicine, however nauseous it may be,
whether calomel or jalap, it is a hopeful indi-
cation, as the honorable Senator from Ver-
mont [Mr. En mux lis] said yesterda3', of re-
turning health. [Laughter.] I am still alittle
disposed to make a further essay this evening.
Mr, President, I hold that an enlightened
and patriotic statesman in relation to great
and fundamental principles and important
measures will vote and^ speak and act in the
majority as he would in the minority. The
good of his country and his own fame require
that such should be the principle upon which
he acts ; that without regard to measures being
proposed or opposed by majorities or minori-
ties, by his party or by opponents of his party,
he should give them his support or make oppo-
sition to them upon the principle of their own
merits. 1^ profess to endeavor to act upon
these patriotic principles aud considerations.
I do not profess to come up to their perfect
truth and integrity. I admit that the infirm-
ities of my nature prevent me from reaching
that point; but as far as the feebleness and the
imperfections of my nature will enable me to
,so ^.Pr°fess according to that stand-
ard. Since I have been a member of this body
it has been my effort to give a fair, consider-
ate, and just consideration to every measure
and every proposition, without regard to the
party or to the member of tho Senate from
whom it originated, and upon its constitution-
