1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
215
ality, its wisdom, and its justice to determine
the question of my support or of my opposi-
tion to it. I ask for lignt and strength so to
act.
Mr. President, I have often asked members
of the Senate who belong to the majority, and
especially the able Senator from Oregon, for
he is unquestionably one of the ablest men of
this body, of masculine mind, of great erudi-
tion and strength as a lawyer and as a states-
man, to pointoutto the Senate and the country
the powers by which they undertake to do all
that they have done in this work of reconstruc-
l ion. We have been referred to the war power.
Sir, it is my reading of the Constitution and of
our system of government that the war power
is strictly incidental to a state of war; that war
is a contest of forces and of forces of arms;
and that whenever that contest has ceased and
terminated, as an incident of this principle the
war power ceases with it. It is true that a high
officer of our Government, and until within a
few days the Attorney General, has expressed
solemnly and deliberately a different opinion,
that war in Texas has raged for four and ahalf
long years after there has been no man in arms
in Texas or in any other State of the United
States in opposition to the just authority of the
Government of the United States and the exe-
cution of its laws. A more absurd opinion, in
my judgment, was never pronounced by a man
who claimed to himself the name of lawyer, of
jurist, and of statesman.
Wc have been referred by the advocates, and
especially by the leading advocates of this recon-
struction policy, to two clauses in the Consti-
tution of the United States which provide that
Congress may admit new States into the Union,
and that Congress shall guaranty to the States
in this Union a republican form of government.
I will read those two clauses, and then proceed
to inquire into the question of the power as
imparted by those clauses of the Constitution
to Congress to pass the ineasuro that is now
pending before the Senate:
"Now States may be admitted by tho Congress into
this Union."
No gentlemau will contend that Georgia is a
new State, or is a new State about to be admit-
ted into the Union. That position will hardly
he taken in relation to one of the original
thirteen. Therefore I come to the conclusion
that that clause of the Constitution gives no
power whatever to Congress over the present
subject or the moro cognate subjects which
have so frequently occupied its attention in the
last four or five years. The other provision,
section four of article four, is in these words:
"The United States shall guaranty to ovory State
in this Union a republican form ot' government and
shall protect each of thorn against invasion," &c.
I concede that that provision of the Consti-
tution applies as well to old as to new States,
and that it is a duty, a continuing, living, and
important duty devolved by it upon Congress
to guaranty to all the States, whether old or
new, now and in the future, that are in the
Union, a republican form of government. I
take it for granted that when Congress has
admitted the representation of anew State into
the Senate and into the House of Represent-
atives it amounts to a formal recognition that
she has a republican form of government, and
is a formal pledge of guaranty for that repub-
lican form of government. The original thir-
teen States had constitutions, had State gov-
ernments based upon written constitutions
when the Constitution of the United States was
formed and adopted by the States, or by the
people of the States. On the assembling of
the First Congress under the Constitution
those thirteen States were all admitted to rep-
resentation in Congress in both of its Houses
by their Senators and Representatives.
I assume that that action of Congress was
conclusive, and evidence from which there was
then no appeal, that each State had a republican
form of government, and the admission of Rep-
resentatives of each State into both Houses
was a pledge of guaranty to that republican
form of government in each of the States. It
will not do for the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr, Sumner,] or any other theorist here or
elsewhere, to assume that the governments of
the original thirteen States at the time the Con-
stitution was formed and adopted by the people
of those States, at the time of the first organ-
ization of Congress, and at the time that these
States were all admitted to representation in
both Houses of Congress—it will not do for any
man to have the hardihood to assume that they
had not republican forms of government; and
nothing else than hardihood of the extremest
kind can assume any such position.
Mr. President, how often have all of those
States amended and altered their State consti-
tutions? Is there one of them in the whole
number that has not done so two or three
times? When they entered upon this work,
by whoso permission or authority did they
enter upon it? By the sovereign power and
authority of their people, the people of each
State for itself. New York, for instance, has
amended and altered her constitution three
limes since. Who gave New York and the
other States that entered upon similar work
the right, the authority, the permission to alter
their State constitutions ? There was no power
that acted or presumed to act upon that import-
ant matter save that of the people of each
State for itself. They by their Legislatures
passed laws to call conventions for the pur-
pose of altering or amending their constitu-
tions.
Those conventions met. They entered upon
their work. They modified their constitutions.
In the early daysof the Government they some-
times submitted alterations of the constitutions
to the people, and in some instances they de-
clared them operative and effective without any
submission to the people ; and there never was
a voice of objection or question to this course
of action in either House of the Congress of
tho United States. It was a matter that be-
longed to the peoploof each State in its sover-
eign character and capacity, tho highest power
over that subject upon earth, and a power with
which no action of Congress nor any other
power or authority on this earth was authorized
to interfere, much less to control, to dictate, to
allow or to disallow. If the able Senator from
Oregon were in his seat I would ask him when
tho State of Illinois, for instance, or the State
of Indiana entered upon the work of altering
their constitutions, and they introduced articles
interdicting the African race from all political
power within their respective States, if that
action and those constitutions and those pro-
visions of tho constitutions of those States were
not valid, binding, and effective upon the peo-
ple of those States and upon tho Government
of the United States? They were so held and
recognized by tho people of those States, re-
spectively, and by all the departments of the
United States and its Government.
Mr. President, tho people of the southern
States made a revolt against the Government
and authority of tho United Slates. They sus-
pended their relations with the United Stales
and its Government and they endeavored to
set up and establish a separate government. I
concede that that was an act of unauthorized
rebellion ; that it had no force, no authority ;
that it was utterly null and void, and that the
Government of the United States properly, by
force of arms, entered upon the subjugation of
those spurious and unconstitutional govern-
ments. I assume, furthermore, that the whole
power and authority of the Government of the
United States to undertake that work resulted
solely and exclusively from the provision of the
Constitution that authorized the Government to
suppress insurrection, and to enforce the execu-
tion of the laws of the United States. There was
not only the germ, but the whole of the power.
Every provision of the Constitutionthatereat.es
and vests such a powerto suppress insurrection,
and to enforce the execution of the laws of the
United States, is embodied in those few words.
Those words impart a power that has a defi-
nite and specific object. That object is not to
dissolve the Union, not to abolish States, not
to conqueror subjugate States or the people of
the States, but simply to suppress insurrection,
and by force of arms, where arms have been
intervened in resistance, to compel obedience
to the authority of the United States and the
execution of the laws, and to hold the people
of the States that had attempted to revolt in
the bonds of the Union. That is the whole of
the power. When that power is executed it is
in that form and to that extent exhausted. It
is a power that does not continue after it is
executed. It is a power that in its nature and
essence is consummated and exhausted when
the insurrection is suppressed and when obedi-
ence to the authority and laws of the United
States has been coerced, or they have been
submitted to by the people in insurrection.
Sir, there have been States of the Union apor-
tion of whose people have risen in insurrection
against their respective State governments.
There have been cities in the Union where the
people have risen in insurrection against their
city and State governments. Such cases have
arisen repeatedly in Baltimore. When those in-
surrections in State or city were suppressed
what was the result, what the consequences ?
The power of suppression was exhausted by
the suppression, and by the principle of post
limine the government of the cities whose peo-
ple were in revolt, and the government of the
States whose people were in insurrection
against the State governments, by their sup-
pression immediately, in virtue of the prin-
ciple of post limine, assumed precisely the same
condition that existed previous to the insurrec-
tion. That is a plain and universally acknowl-
edged principle of law. It has been applied
by our own Government, by the courts of the
United States, even where a foreign enemy
conquered a portion of the United States and
held possession, that that conquest and pos-
session overthrew for the time in the conquered
territory the government both of the State and
tho Union ; but so soon as that enomy waa
driven from that part of the State or withdrew
his forces, by the principle of post limine the
authority and laws of the State and of tho
United States immediately, by their own force,
by the operation of the universal principle of
law, replaced both governments and their au-
thorities precisely in the position, and things
assumed precisely the same condition, in which
they had existed before the conquest.
If that principle applies in a case of war
between nations and the conquest of a State or
a part of a State by a foreign enemy it applies
with much more force in relation to a simple
domestic trouble between a State and a part of
her people, or between the Government of the
United States and the people of a State or of
several States. It is not technically the war
power. It gives no right of conquest; it gives
no power of subjugation ; it gives none of the
fruits of conquest; it is simply a great police
power, the whole reason and effect of which is
torestore internal order and tranquillity and to
reinstate the due administration of the govern-
ment and of the laws of the State or the United
States, or both.
Sir, these doctrines have been in the main
substantially recognized by our Supreme Court,
and I will read one or two short paragraphs
from the decision of the court in the case of
Texas vs. White, rendered at the last term, in
support of the main positions which I have
assumed. Speaking of the secession of Texas,
the court say:
"When, therefore, Texas became ono of the United
States she entered into an indissoluble relation. AH
the obligations of perpetual union and all the guaran -
tees of republican government in the Union attached
at once to tho State. Tho aet which consummated
her admission into the Union was something more
than a compact; it was tho incorporation of a new
member into the political body; and it was final.
The Union between Texas and the other States was
as complete, as perpetual, and as indissoluble as the
