1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE .
513
41st Cong....2b Sess.
Naturalization—Mr. Cleveland.
IIo. ox' Reps.
ing it and themselves with it, but in the hope
of a safe and prosperous voyage. Families do
not tear away from old associations, from their
native country, from their own settled forms
of government, from everything that is dear to
them as a home, and in many eases from the
very language they are brought up to speak,
and from all the customs of life, to embark on
a perilous voyage for the purpose of ruining
the country they propose to adopt as their own.
But, Mr. Speaker, Congress cannot get con-
trol of the election of Representatives by means
of naturalization regulations, nor by any or all
of the various bills intended to reach that point.
We have bills to enforce the fifteenth amend-
ment, and we have other bills that are intended
to give the General Government control over
the elections; but the Constitution is plain on
that point, and it retains the power exclusively
in the hands of the States, and the States only
can prescribe the qualifications of voters. The
Constitution says:
"The Ilouseof Representatives shall bo composed
of members chosen every second year by the people
of the several States, and the electors in eneli State
^hall have the qualifications requisite for electors of
the most numerous branch of the State Legislature."
This leaves the election of members of Con-
gress plainly to the States, to bo managed in
their own way; but those who vote for thetn
must have the same qualifications as those who
vote for members of the lower branch of the
State Legislature. And again, for a pres-
idential election, it may be held under State
authority, the rules to be prescribed by the
States themselves. Congress cannot touch it.
The Constitution says the States shall appoint,
it does not say they shall elect; and if any
State or all the States should so decide they
might appoint by the Legislatures their pres-
idential electors, and there might not be any
such special election for President as now.
There need not be an election by the people
at all for President, and Congress could tiofc
prevent the States from avoiding such an elec-
tion. The Constitution says:
"Each State shall appoint, in tueli manner as the
Legislatures thereof may direct, o number of elect-
ors equal to the whole number of Senators and Rep-
resentatives to which tho State may bo entitled in
Congress."
But the necessity for Congress to have the
power to prescribe a uniform rule of natural-
ization is plain. The Constitution says :
" The citizens of each State shall be entitled to all
privileges aJ(l immunities of citizens in tho several
States."
It will appear by this that if the States could
each fix a different time for naturalization, the
citizen of Minnesota could claim the rights of
citizens of New Jersey, and aforeigner natural-
ized in Minnesota, as he would be, without
previous residence, would be able to move into
New Jersey and vote in one year, whereas we
now require foreigners to reside in the country
five years. To avoid any difficulties between
the States, the Constitution gives Congress
power to make a uniform rule for all the States;
but it was intended that the States only should
naturalize, and that they should all naturalize
alike; and it was also intended that the States,
and not the Government, should prescribe the
qualifications of voters.
I am free to acknowledge that in the older
States there should be a time, as now, between
the arrival of the foreigner and his naturaliza-
tion. He should wait to become somewhat
familiar with the country and feel certain that
he is to remain in it permanently ; and when
he has determined that, I can see no reason
for keeping him longer waiting, but many rea-
sons why he should at. once assume the respons-
ibilities and enjoy the privileges of citizenship.
And I say, in conclusion, that the man who
obstructs naturalization and discourages the im-
migration hither ot white people, is an enemy
41st Coxq. 2d Sess.—No. o3.
to the country, i say to the people of all civil-
ized nations, "Welcome to this great country.
Come and unite with us in building up the
greatest nation the world has ever known—a
nation that will, in another century, control
the destinies of civilization and Christianity,
and become the foremost Power upon the
earth."
NOTE.
The bill was laid on tho table by the follow-
ing vote:
Tho question was then taken; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 102, nays 02,
not voting GG; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams. Allison, Ambler, Archer,
Asper, Atwood, Axteii, Barry, Ueatty, Beck, Bird,
Booker, Georgo M. Brooks, James Brooks, Bur-
chard, Burdett, Burr, Calkin, Sidney Clarke, Cleve-
land, Coburn, Conger, Conner. Cox, Crobs, Cullom,
Davis, Degener, Box, Dyer. Eldridge, Finkelnburg,
Fitch, Fox, Uetz, Gibson, (jriswold, llaicht, Halde-
man, Ilambleton, Hamiil, Harris, Hawkins, llaw-
loy, liny, Ilofhn.ilill. Holman, Johnson, Judd, ICel-
logg, Kerr, Knott, Lawrence. Lewis, Loga.n, Mar-
shall, Mayhaui, HcCormick, McNecly, Milncs, Eli-
akim 11. Moore, Jcoso II. r/ioore, Moigan, SJonisscy,
I\tungen,Newsham, Niblaok, Orth, Packard, Potter,
Randall, Reeves. Rice, Rogers, Sargent, Sawyer,
Schumaker, Scofield. Lionel A. Sheldon, Shober,
John A. Smith, Joseph S. Smith, Stevenson, Stiles,
Strader, Swann, Sweeney, 'i'affe, Trimble, Tyner,
Upson, Van Auk en. William il. Washburn, Welkcr,
Wells, Wilkinson, Eugcno M. Wilson, John '£. Wil-
son, Winchester, Wood, and Woodward—1!)^.
NAYS—Messis. Ames, Armstrong, Arncll, Ayer,
Bailey, Banks. Benjamin, Benton, Bingham, Blair,
Boles, Buck, Buckley, Bufiintoi', Roderick R. But-
ler, Cessna, Churchill, Amasa Cobb, Cook, Cowles,
Dawes, Dickey, Dixon, Donley. Ecruss, Garfield,
Gilflllan, Halo, Hoar, Kelley. lletcham, Knapr,
L.itiin, Maynat'd, McCarthy, McGrew, JfcKenzio,
Morcur. Morphis, Daniel J. Morrell, Myers, Nog-
ley, O'Neill, Packer, Palmer, Peek, l'latt, Porter,
\t7il 15<  r i _T SsinjMi SJl-mi o4i hin NltvirOf-
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Barnum, Bcaman, Ben
nett, Biggs Bowen, Boyd, Benjamin F. Butler,
Cake, William T. Clark, Clinton L. Cobb, Covodo,
Dickinson, Dockery, Duval, Eta, Farnsworth, Ferry,
Fisher, Hamilton, il.iys, iloaton, iloge, Hooper,
Hotchkiss, Ingersoll. Jcneke?<, Alexanaer II. Jones,
ThomasL.Jones, Julian, Kelsey, Lash, Loughrulge,
Lynch, McCrary, McKee, William Mooie, Samuei
P. Morrill, Paine, Perce, Peters, Phelps Pol-md,
Pomoroy, Ridgway, Sanford, Sehenck, Shanks, Por-
ter Sheldon, Siierrod,yioeiun, WorthmglonC. .Smith,
William Smyth, Starkweather, Stevens, Stoke?,
Stone, Strong, Van Trump, Van Wyck, Voorhees,
Wallace, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Wheeler, \vil-
lard, Williams, and W itcher—06.
So the bill was laid on tho table.
But the next day the vote was reconsidered,
and the bill recommitted to the committee,
although it was considered practically defeated.
The following are the proceedings:
The SPEAKER. Last evening, just prior
to the adjournment, the bill (II. It. No. IU99)
to establish a uniform system of naturalization
and to regulate proceedingffunder the same,
reported from the Committee on the Judiciary,
was laid on the table. The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Davis] moved to rcconsider
the vote whereby the bill was laid on the table,
ar.d the gentleman from California [Mr. Sar-
gent] moved to lay the motion to xeconsidcr
on the table. The question is, *' Will the House
lay the motion to reconsider on the table
The question was taken j and upon a division
there were—ayes 75, noes Cd.
.Before the result of the vote was announced.
Mr. DAVIS called for tellers.
Tollers were ordered; and Ml-. DavTo ;vul
Mr. Sargent were appointed.
The House again divided ; and tho tellers
reported that there were—aye;j 71, noes 82.
Before tlie result of the vote was announced.
Mr. SARGENT called for die yea* and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.^
The call of the roll was commenced, and some
iesponses had been made, when
Mr. DAVIS said: I desire to make a par-
liamentary inquiry in regard to the effect
Mr. RANDALL. I object to any debate.
Mr. DAVIS. Gnu I not make a parliament-
ary inquiry?
The SPEAKERS Not during the call of
the roll.
The question being taken, it was decided in
the negative—yeas 85, nays 06, not voting 49 j
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Axtell, Beatty, Beck, Bird,
Booker, Boyd, James Brooks, BurehardjBurr, Rod-
erick 11. Butler, Calkin, Sidney Clarke, Cleveland,
Connor, Cox, Crebs, Cullom, Box, Ela, Fldridge,
Farnsworth, Finkelnburg, Fitch, Fox, Getz, Gibson,
Griswold,Haldeman, llamill, Hawkins, Hay,Heflin,
Holman. Johnson, Judd, Kerr, Knott, Lawrence,
Lewis, Mayham, McCormick. MeNeelv, Milnes, Mor-
gan, Movrissey, Mungen, Niblaek, Orth, Packard,
Potter, Randall, lU-cves, Rice, Ridgway, Rogers.
Roots, Sargent, Sawyer, Sehumakcr, Scofield, Lionel
A. Sheldon, Shober, John A. Smith, Joseph S.Smith,
William Smyth, Stevenson, Stiles, Stokes, Stone,
Strader. Swann, Sweeney, Taflo, Trimble, Tyner,
Upson, Van Auken, Van Trump, Wells, Eugene M.
Wilson John T. Wilson, Winchester, Wood, and
Woodward—85.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Armstrong, Arnell,
Atwood, Bailey, Banks, Harry, Beoman, Benjamin,
Bennett. Benton, Bingham, Blair, Boles, George M.
Brooks, Buck, Buckley,Butlmton, Benjamin F. But-
ler, Cessna, Chuiehill. Amasa Cobb,Clinton L. Cobb,
Cook, Conger,Cowles.Davis, Dawes.Degener, Dickoy,
Dixon, Donley,Duval, Forriss, Ferry, Fisher, Cxi 1H1-
lan, Hale, Hamilton, Harris, Hawley, Hays, lloar,
Hotchkis**. JngersoM, Alexander J£. Jones, Kelley,
Kellogg, Ketcham.Knapp.Lailin. Lash.Longbridge,
Maynard, MeCrary, MeGrew, McKee, Morcur, Elia-
kim JI. Moore, Jesso II, Moore, Morphia, Daniel J.
Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill, Myers, Noglcy, O'Neill,
Packer, Paine, Palmer, Poctf, Perce, Pholps. Piatt,
Poland. Pomeroyv Porter, Pressor, Sanford, William
J. Smith, Starkweather, Stoughton, Strickland, Tan-
ner, Tavior. Tillman,Townsend.Twichell,Van Horn,
Ward. William B. Washburn, Wheeler, Whitmore.
Willard, Wmaus. and Witcher—90.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Asper,
Ayer, Barnum, Biggs, Bowen, Burdett, Cake, Wil-
liam T. Clark, Coburn, Covodo, Dickinson, Dockery,
Dyer, Garheld, Haight, Hnmbleton, llcaton, Hill,
Hoge, IJooj>ei\ Jenckes. Thomas L. Jones, Julian,
Kelsey, Logan, Lynch, Marshall, McCarthy, McKen-
•/ie, William Moore, Nowaham, Poters, Schenck,
Shanks, Porter Sheldon, Shorrod, Sloeum, Worthing-
tonC. Smith, Stevens, Strong, Van Wyck, Voorhccs,
Wail nee, CadwaladerC. Washburn, Welker, Wilkin-
son, and Williams—49.
j So the motion to lay the motion to r*eon-
j sider on the table was not agreed to.
'■ The question recurred upon the motion to
| reconsider the vote by which the bill was laid
i on the table.
! The question was then taken on the motion
| to reconsider ; and it was decided in the affirm-
j ative—yeas "4, nays 81, not voting 52; 9,9
| follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ambicr, Armstrong, Arnell, Ayer,
Bailey, Banks, Barry, Bearaan, Benjamin, Bennett,
Benton, Bingham, Biair. Boles, George M. Brooks,
Buck, Buckley, Buffinton, Benjamin F. Butler,
Cessna, Churchill, William T. Clark, Amasa Cobb,
Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Conger, Cowles,
Kelley, Kellogg, Kotehnm, Knapp, Laflin, Lash,
Loughridge, Maynard, MeCrary, McGrew, McKee,
Morcur, Lliakim li. Moore, Jesse H.Mooro,Morphis,
Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill, Myers, Neg-
ley O'NoiU, Puekcr, Paine, Palmer, Peck. Perce,
Twicbell, Van Horn, Ward, William b. Washburn,
Wheeler, Whitmore, Willard, and Winans—9-1.
NAYS—Messrs. Adam.-i. Allison. Archer, Axtell,
Kinkelnburg. Fitch. Fox, Getz, Gibson, Griswold,
Ilaidemon, Hamilton, Hawkins, Hay, Heilin, Hol-
man, Ingcrsoll. Johnson, Judd, Kerr, Knott, Law-
rence, Lewi*, Logan, Mayham, McCormick, Mc-
Ncely. Millies, xMorgnn, Mungen, Newsham, Nib-
lack, Orth, Packard, Potter, Randall, Reeves, Rice,
Ridgwav, Roger?, Sargent, Sawyer. Schumaker,
ri. Wilson, Winchester, Witcher, Wood, and Wood-
ward— 8-1. , tli
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Apper, Atwood,
Barnnm, Biggj, Bowen, Burdett, Roderick it. Lut-
lcr, Cake, Covode, Cullom, Dickey, Dickinson. x)ock-
r, Dver, Ela, Haight, Hambleton, Hanull, lioatoa,
II, Hocro, Hooper, Jenckes, Thomas L. Joiies, Ju-
lliU
lian, Kelsey, Lyneh, Marshall, McCarthy, Me Kenzie,
