1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5303
the banks exceeding one million dollars, and
if that did not provide enough to make the
proposed distribution, then it should be taken
from the banks exceeding three hundred thou-
sand dollars. The preceding conference report
provided for taking one third of the excess of
banks having $1,000,000, and reducing it to
banks to be reached having $100,000. In that
respect this report differs from the preceding
conference report. We confine it first to banks
having a circulation exceeding one million
dollars, and if that does not afford sufficient,
then to banks having a circulation exceeding
three hundred thousand dollars. In these two
respects, then, the report of this conference is
precisely the report of the former conference.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman allow me
only one minute? I beg the privilege of stating
the objections which I have to this measure in
only one minute.
Mr. JUDD. I yield to the gentleman the
time he asks.
Mr. COX. In the first place, I believe this
redistribution system is so very partial as to be
unjust, and I shall vote against the report on
that account. In the next place, I vote against
this report because it is building up another
banking system. I understand from the gen-
tleman from Illinois, and from a hasty glance
at the report, that there is ingrafted upon this
report the Senate system of coin notes, to which
I am opposed, and on which I have already
expressed my views. Another reason why I
oppose it is that it commences a system of.in-
flation, and an inflation of the bank-note cur-
rency to which we are opposed on this side very
generally, I think. For these reasons I shall
vote for the motion of my friend from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Randall,] to table this mat-
ter until we can have a better system looking
toward—as I claim nowand always shall claim—
looking toward the resumption of specie pay-
ments, without which all this legislation will
be in vain.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Did I
understand the chairman of the committee of
conference rightly as saying that this redistri-
bution was to go into effect in fifteen or eighteen
months?
Mr. JUDD. I will state the provisions of
the bill, so that it may not be misunderstood.
Before any redistribution of the circulation
now held by banks in excess takes place the
$54,000,000 of bank notes authorized by the
first section of this bill must be distributed.
In practical operation, to put in force these
provisions would require at least six months.
The bill then provides that after that is_ ex-
hausted—and it must go through the various
States where there is a deficiency, and the pro-
ceeding must be slow in the southern States
after that is taken up, Uieti the Comptroller is
to give one year's notice for the banks to fur-
nish this money to be redistributed in other
portions.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then I
have another question to ask; if it will not
take twelve or fifteen months, why enact this
now ?
Mr. JUDD. That is a question of expediency
and propriety, and it comes somewhat within
the objection made by the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Cox] to this bill. He starts
out with the proposition that he is opposed to
this because it does not do full justice, and
does not give those States in deficiency all they
are entitled to. I agree with him in that; but
we have acted upon the proposition that better
half a loaf than no bread. I say to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, in reply to his in-
terrogatory, that we want that Congress shall
declare now, without further agitation, that
they will proceed in the direction of justice and
equity and furnish the destitute portions of the
country with some portion of the circulation
that they are entitled to. I now ask for a vote
on concurring in the report.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is
on the moliun of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Randall,] to lay the report on the
table.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I hope the report will
not be concurred in. And I would suggest to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania that it would
be better to take the vote directly on concur-
rence in the report.
Mr. RANDALL. With that view, I with-
draw my motion to lay the report on the table.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on
agreeing to the report of the committee of
conference.
Mr. INGERSOLL. On that question I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 100, nays 77, not voting
53; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Armstrong,
Asper, Atwood, Ayer, Bailey, Banks, Benjamin/
Bennett, Benton, Blair, Boles, Booker, Boyd, liucki
Buckley, Burchard, Burdett, Roderick R. Butler/
Oake, Cessna, Churchill. William T. Clark, Sidney
Clarke, Aimisa Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Cook, Covode,
Cowles, Darrail, Dickey, Donley, Duval, Dyer, Fer-
riss, Ferry, Finkelnburg. Fisher, Garfield, GiltiHan,
Harris, Ilawley, Hays, Hill, Thomas L. Jone3, Judd,
Kelley, Knapp, Lash, Logan, Loughridge, McCar-
thy, MeCrary, McGrew, McKenaic, Mercur, Eliakim
H. Moore, Jesse II. Moore. William Moore, Mor-
phis, Daniel J. Morrell, Myers, Negley, O'Neill,
Packard, Packer, Palmer, Peck, Poland, Porter,
Prosser, Roots, Sawyer, Scofield, Lionel A. Sheldon,
Porter Sheldon, John A. Smith, William J. Smith,
Worthing ton C. Smith, William Smyth, Stevens,
Stokes, Stoughton, Strickland, Taffe, Tanner, Tay-
lor, Tillman,Trimble, Upson, Van Horn, Cadwalader
C. Washburn, William B.Washburn, Wheeler, Whit-
moro, Wilkinson,Willard, and John T. Wilson—100.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Arnell, Ax tell,
Barnum, Beatty, Biggs, Bingham. Bird. George M.
Brooks, James Brooks, Buffinton.Burr, BcnjaminF.
Butler, Calkin, Cleveland, Conner, Cox, Crebs,
Davis, Dickinson, Dixon, Dox.Ela, Getz, Haldeman,
Hamill, Hawkins, Hay, Hoar, Hooper, Ingersoll,
Jenckes, Johnson, Julian, Kellogg, Kerr, Law-
rence, Lewis, Marshall, Mayham, McCormick, Mc-
Neely, Morgan, Mungen, Niblack, Orth,Paine, Pot-
ter, Randall, Reeves, Rice, Sanford, Sargent, Sehu-
maker, Shanks, Slocum, Joseph S. Smith, Stark-
weather, Stevenson, Stiles, Stone, Strong, Swann,
Sweeney,Townsend, Twiehell, Tyner, Van Auken,
Van Trump, Van Wyck, Voorhees, Ward, Welker.
Williams, Winchester, and Woodward—77.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Barry, Beaman,
Beck.Bowen, Clinton L. Cobb, Cullom, Dawes, De-
gener, Dockery, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Fitch, Fox,
Gibson, Griswold, Haight, Hale, Hambleton, Ham-
ilton, Heflin, Hoge, Holman, Hotchkiss, Alexander
H. Jones, ICelsey, ICetcham, Knott, Laflin, Lynch,
Maynard, McKco, Milnes, Samuel P. Morrill, Mor-
rissey. Newsham, Perce, Peters. Phelps, Piatt. Pom-
eroy, Ridgway, Rogers, Sehenck, Sherrod, Shober,
Strader, Wallace,Wells, Eugene M.Wilson,Winans,
Witcher, and Wood—53.
So the report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
Mr. JUDD moved to reconsider the vote by
which the report of the committee of confer-
ence was adopted; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motiou was agreed to.
pay of contestants.
Mr. RANDALL. I am instructed by the
Committee of Elections to offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That there be paid out of the contingent
fund of the House to Henry D. Foster the sum of
43,500; to George W. Greene, the sum of $2,000; to
William D„Simpson, $1,500, for tiutt spent and ex-
penses incurred in contesting their respective claims
to seats in this House, to be paid in full paymont
thereof.
I now yield to the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Churchill] to offer an amendment.
Mr. CHURCHILL. 1 move to add the
words "and to Charles Whittlesey, $1,500."
This is unanimously recommended by the
Committee of Elections.
Mr. YAN WYCK. I object to the resolu-
tion. ■*
Mr. RANDALL. I move, then, to suspend
the rales and to pass the resolution. The
amount is brought down to the lowest possible
point.
Mr. YAN WYCK. I would like to ask the
gentleman if he believes that after George W.
Greene has been paid $5,000 it is proper to
ask the House to donate to him $2,000 more?
Mr,. RANDALL. The gentleman has his
remedy.
Mr. VAN WYCK. There is no "remedy"
about it. The gentleman is asking the House
to appropriate $2,000 more to Mr. Greene
after he has received $5,000; and that, too,
after the gentleman himself offered a resolution
that he was not entitled to a seat in this House.
Mr. RANDALL. I am the mouthpiece of
the Committee of Elections in offering this
resolution. Neither my action in the com-
mittee or in the House is at variance with per-
fect consistency on the subject. I offer this
resolution under instructions from the com-
mittee.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I want the House to
consider whether there is money enough in the
Treasury to pay this man $2,000, when he has
been paid already $5,000, and when the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania himself by resolu-
tion declared that he was not entitled to a seat
upon the floor of this House?
Mr. RANDALL. I never said so.
Mr. VAN WYCK. It seems to me to be
an Excess of liberality.
Mi-. RANDALL. I never said that George
W. Greene was not entitled to the seat, for a
close examination led me to believe he was
entitled to the seat.
Mr. VAN WYCK. The resolution said so.
Mr. RANDALL. That was a majority reso-
lution. There was a difference in the com-
mittee, and after a further review of the case,
I believe that the gentleman who now holds
the seat holds it in violation of the will of the
majority of the people of his district.
Mr. VAN WYCK. That is outside of the
record, and has nothing to do with this matter.
Mr.-CESSNA. I appeal to my colleague
[Mr. Randall] to settle this difficulty by not
putting all these oases in a lump. Let him
make his proposition that the House shall vote
upon all these cases except that of Greene.
Mr. RANDALL. All that is in the power
of the House.
Mr. CESSNA. It is not, if the gentleman
makes his motion to suspend the rules; he
will need a two-thirds vote to pass his resolu-
tion.
Mr. RANDALL. I was forced to make the
motion to suspend the rules because of the
objection made to my resolution. I state now
to the House that I am willing that the House
shall have an opportunity of expressing its
opinion on these several cases by a division of
the question.
Mr. CESSNA. I suggest to my colleague
that if he will offer his resolution without a
motion to suspend the rules he can pass all of
it except that part of it relating to Greene, and
if a majority of the House desire to pass that
they can do so by a majority vote.
Mr. RANDALL. I am perfectly willing, I
have said so repeatedly, to have a division of
the question. I am willing that the House shall
vote on each separate payment.
Mr. CESSNA. That is right.
Mr. RANDALL.- If the Speaker will per-
mit me, I suggest that those who are opposed
to any particular item in the resolution can ask
for a separate vote.
Mr. CESSNA. I have asked for it.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] modifies his
motion, and moves that the rules be suspended
so as to bring the resolution before the House.
Mr. INGERSOLL. That is all right; now
let us vote.
Mr. COVODE. I understand that this reso-
lution embraces the claim of my competitor,
General Foster, for $3,500. Now I do not want
to object to his getting money; but I want to ob-
ject to its being obtained under wrong pretenses,
under the pretense that it has been expended in
paying witnesses, &e. In his account is a claim
for paying four hundred and seventy-four wit-
nesses, when the testimony itself shows that
only one hundred and sixty-five witnesses were
subpenaed and examined. I'have understood
that under the rules it has been the custom of
this House to pay a contestant the amount of
