2472
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
April 6,
an army of people about a custom-house with
nothing to do. And if we were to add quite
largely to their duties we would not add to the
cost of keeping up our custom-houses. If you
have to maintain a custom-house at all and keep
men there for this purpose you may as well
give them something to do. You must have a
eertain number of officials; you must have a
force of inspectors and appraisers, and all that
sort of thing, connected with the custom-house
one way or another.
Mr. BECK. Under the amendment which
has been adopted on motion of the gentleman
from Michigau [Mr. Blair] what is to prevent
bottles from being imported free in any quan-
tities into the United States, being merely first
filled with water from some spring within five
miles of the line?
ill'. BLAIlt. That is a chimera of the gen-
tleman, and has no foundation at all. The
Secretary of the Treasury has power to make
regulations on this subject. It is a very easy
tiling to distinguish one water from another.
1 have not thought of debating that point par-
ticularly, because the Committee of the Whole
have already adopted the amendment. 3Jut, as
I said before, that has reference only to certain
springs immediately upon the borders of the
United Stales. I am not aware that thoro is
any commerce at all in this article across the
borders of the United States. X doubt if at
this time there are any mineral waters coming
across the borders which pay any duty to the
Government. Therefore, so far as legards
countries adjoining the United States, this
duty if left to stand as it is will be but a mere
vexation and nothing else.
As to (ho statement of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Gahfikld] that these waters im-
ported from abroad ate medicinal waters, it is
entirely without foundation. Kvery gentleman
knows they are luxuries ; that they are used
for a beverage and in various other ways. We
all understand that the amount of really medi-
cinal water that is imported is very small. The
fact is just the other way from what he says.
It seems to me that there is but little revenue
to be derived from this article any way; but
it may rise to $20,0QU or $23,000, and L think
it would be better to letain it; and I am
inclined to keep it, since it comes from au
article upon which people may just as well pay
it as not.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Garfield, of Ohio, to strike out the
paragraph, it was not. agreed to.
The Clerk vead as follows :
On cigars, cigarettes, or cheroots of all descrip-
tions, made of tobacco or any substituto lor tobacco,
and on paper eigaisand cigarettes, mclu'iniff wrap-
pers, $2 per pound, and in addition theieto 2.") per
cent., ad valorem: Provided. That a!t ei;<ais cigar-
ettes, cheroots, and all paper eigarrf ami cigarettes,
in addition to the duty aforesaid, shall be subject to
the ,s;>iue intermit rovenuo tax us if made or manu-
factured within the United States: atid when im-
ported or landed shall be placed in public store or
bonded warehouse and not icmoved thoreirom until
the name shafi have been inspected, sr.-tmped, and
branded, as provided for cigars, cigarettes, and che-
loots manufactured within the United States.
Mr. STRONG. I move to amend the par-
agraph just read by striking out in line one
hundred and sixteen the word "two" and
inserting in lieu thereof the word "three,"
and by striking out in line one hundred and
seventeen the word '• twenty-five" and insert-
ing in lieu thereof "fifty;" so that the first
clause of the paragraph will provide for a duty
of S3 per pound and 50 per cent, ad valorem.
The effect of this amendment will be to restore
the law as itexistedin 180Gand as it continued
in force from that time till about a year ago,
when the duty on cigars, &c., was reduced to
§2 50 per pound. I do not understand why we
should not realize as much as possible from
duties upon imported cigars and tobacco. It
seems to me that these articles belong to a class
upon which, if upon any, a considerable duty
should be levied. They are luxuries, and lux-
uries with which the people can as well afford
to dispense tib with any others.
Not only should wo derive considerable in-
come from this source for the sake of revenue,
but we should also impose a sufficiently heavy
duty to protect the tobacco-raisers in our own
country. Tobacco is extensively cultivated in
several of the States'of this Union. Whyshould
we at this time discriminate in favor of the
importer of cigars, when we need to keep up
the revenue, and at the same time desire to'
protect the farmer and the manufacturer of our
own country? We cannot accomplish this
object better than by duties upon imported
cigars and tobacco. It appears to me that our
system of taxation should be so framed as to
put the great burdens as nearly as possible
upon liquors and tobacco. I hope the day is
not distant when wo bhall raise from these two
sources enough revenue to support the Gov-
ernment, and when wo can do away with all
the other burdens of taxation. I hope that
the committee will adopt the amendment I have
offered, simply restoring the law of I860, which
continued in force until about a year ago; and
there was no good reason for its repeal. I
believe that this amendment is consistent with
good policy, and is in the interest of the people.
Mr. SCHBNCK. The effect of this amend-
ment, as I understand it. is to restore the law
of 18G6, which was changed by the act of July
20, 1808. Under the law of 1860 the duly was
what the gentleman from Connecticut [Mr.
Stuoxo] now proposes, §3 per pound and 50
per cent, ad valorem. By the net of 1808 this
duty was reduced to $2 50 per pound and 25
per cent, ad valorem. The Committee of Ways
and Means now propose a further reduction,
so as to make the duty S2 per pound, retain-
ing the 25 per cent, ad valorem. Now, I agree
with the gentleman that we ought, as well as
we can, to drift toward a condition of things
when both our internal taxation and our duties
upon imports may be so arranged that from
luxuries, or from those things which gratify
artificial appetites, we may derive, ifnotall, the
greater part of our revenue. I have no sym-
pathy, therefore, with spirits or tobacco any
further than to tax them both up to that point
which will probably produce the most revenue.
My theory upon this subject is that these arti-
ficial appetites are so much more clamorous
than any of the natural appetites that they will
be gratified at almost any expense, and that
consequently any tax you may put upon such
articles comes eventually in great part, if not
altogether, from the consumer. I am willing
that those who chew, those who smoke, and
those who drink shall do it, if not to the glory
of Cod, [laughter,] at least to the benefit of
the revenue.
But, sir, will this amendment accomplish
the object proposed? One great difficulty now
experienced is that the tariff upon cigars is so
heavy that scarcely :i vessel arrives from any
eigar-inaking country—I speak more particu-
larly of Cuba—without having packages of
cigars smuggled away, some small portion,
perhaps, among the baggage of passengers, to
be introduced into the country through the
connivance, in one way or another, of custom-
house officers, to whom presents of boxes of
cigars are made; and the cigars are also se-
creted in various parts of the vessel by mem-
bers of the crew. There are persons who follow
the business regularly of smuggling; and to a
very great extent, for a good while past, the
manufacture of cigars has been interfered with
by the large quantities of Cuban cigars which
have been smuggled in and brought into com-
petition with the native manufacture.
What is it we propose? 'To unusually and
improperly lay a duty when wo say §2 a pound
and 25 per cent, ad valorem% What does that
amount to? The average weight of 1,000 cigars
imported is 11 pounds; S2 a pound is §22 a
thousand. The average value, as shown by the
returns of imported cigars, is $30 per thousand.
Twenty-five per cent, on that is $7 50. Thus
you ha\eatari£fof829 50 upon every thousand.
Thilt is iit gold. Uptitt the ptfeBitat lb# prlcti
in gold it is equal to $33, Then, when the im-
porter has brought them in, he is compelled to
pay exactly the same tax and put on them the
same stamp that is paid for and placed on s>
thousand cigars of American manufacture ;
that is $5 in currency. Then every importer
brings in cigars at a cost of $38 tax upon them
in currency  3 against $5 upon the part of the
domestic manufacture. Now, the difference
between $08 and $5 is a pretty large protec-
tion on an article the invoiced value of which
is only $80.
" But it is said that leaf tobacco has protec-
tion. We hare left that because the leaf should
have as much or nearly as much protection a3
the cigar. At present the cigar has more pro-
tection than the leaf. But they do not manu-
facture the cigars out of leaf tobacco brought
in from Cuba entirely from the leaf tobacco.
It is only a component part. It is used for fill-
ing, and the constituents of my friend from
Connecticut,, as well as my own constituents in
Ohio, furnish only a portion of what enters
into the manufacture of cigars. So it will not
do to say you pay on tho price of leaf to the
same extent as you pay on cigars, and there-
fore the leaf ought to come down with the
cigars. But view it in either light, if you put
the duty the committee propose on cigars, you
propose 124 per cent., counting in the $5 of
internal lax as against $5 in currency per
1,000 on the domestic manufacture, and oil
the leaf you propose little more that 100 per
cent., for the valuation of the leaf is 3-li 
while the tariff on it is 35 cents per pound. I
am for distributing between the farmer and tiro
manufacturer 
[Ilere the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
move to amend the amendment by reducing it
to $2 GO instead of $3. Mr, Chairman, I
believe never have we had a revenue bill in this
House but what the question in regard to the
tax on cigars or the tariff on cigars has de-
manded the special attention of the House j
but until the last year or two the whole conlesi
has been on the internal revenue tax. That
seems to be settled to the satisfaction of all
parties in all sections of the country, and we
all agreed when that question was discussed,
so far as tho tariff was concerned, there was
no class of persons but what was in favor of
giving good protection to the cigar manufac-
ture. 'There are some points we agree on at
the present lime, and one of them is that we
should get all the revenue we can. Another
question is broached in regard to revising the
tariff for revenue, and it is said that it is in
order to prevent smuggling. The chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means knows
that to-day, with the present tariff, there has
been more paid into the Treasury of the United
States than was ever paid before with a single
exception, and that was in 18GC, when the
tariff was very low and we were about to raise
it to a very high price. It is known to most
members here that at that time there were
cigars enough imported into the country to last
us for nearly two years. Owing to the fact of
that great importation, in view of a proposed
greatly increased duty the amount received into
the Treasury of the United States was greater
than the revenue received from this source last
year; but with that exception, and that only,
and under the circumstances I have stated, we
never received so much reveuue from the tariff
on cigars as we received during the last year
under the present tariff. Again, sir, we have
received more than double on leaf tobacco
imported than we received three years ago on
imported leaf tobacco.
Now, what is the protection the gentleman
proposes? If the House understands the sub-
ject they will agree with me, I am sure, that
it ought to be $2 50. The gentleman says that
we place on cigars an internal revenue tax of
§5. But he recollects very '.veil that two yea; s
ago when we had the internal revenue lax
titldei' discussion, the committee proposed to
