2X6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
unioa between tbe original States. There was no place
for reconsideration or revocation except through
revolution or through consent of the States.
" Considered,' therefore, as transactions under the
Constitution, the ordinance of secession adopted by
the convention and ratified by a majority of the
citizens of Texas, and all the acts of her Legislature
intended to give effect to that ordinance, were ab-
solutely null.' They were utterly without operation
in law. She, obligations of the State, as a member
of the Onion,, and. of every citizen: of the State, as a
citizen of the united States, remained perfect and
Unimpaired. It certainly follows that the State did
no t cease to'.he^aState, nor her citizens to be citizens
of the Union., If .this vfere otherwise the State must
have become foreign and 'her citizens foreigners.
The war must have ceased to bo a war for the sup-
pression of rebellion, and must have become a war
for conquest and subjugation."
And the ppsition of the court denies in the
most positive and emphatic terms these absurd
conclusions to, .which a different hypothesis
would have led:
" Ourconclttsion, therefore, is that Texas continued
to be a State, and a State of the Union, notwith-
standing the transactions to which we have referred."
In a previous part of this opinion the court
attempts to define the various meanings of " a
State," and gives the different senses in which
that term is used in different connections. It
says "a State" sometimes refers to the people
of a particular country per se; sometimes it
refers to the country per se irrespective of the
people; sometimes it refers to the government
alone, irrespective of country or people ; and
sometimes it embraces the three ideas of coun-
try, people, and government. I admit that in
this general sense it is applicable to' the States
of the United States in the Union, and the
court so assumed. The court, however, at-
tempts a distinction, and says that this meaning
of "States" sometimes embodies the people
and the country without regard to the govern-
ment, and even when the government may be
suspended and not in operation. I concede
the justice of that position also, and I concede
that that was the condition of Texas and of
Georgia in the midst of their conflict of resist-
ance to the authority of the United States.
I maintain with the court that having once come
into the Union they are in the Union forever,
and had to remain there until successful revolu-
tion or the consent of the States of the United
States carried them out of it. I admit that their
governments -were suspended, but they were
only suspended. They were no more extin-
guished than if those States, respectively, had
been conquered by the British armies in the
war of 1812.
_ Now, sir, suppose Ohio, Maryland, and Vir-
ginia had been wholly subjugated by the British
armies in the war of 1812, what principle of
national law would apply? The deposition and
exclusion of the previous and original Govern-
ments and the taking possession of the country
by the arms of a foreign Government would
have established throughout the territory tem-
porarily the power and authority and laws of
the foreign Government whose arms had sub-
dued those States. What is the other principle
of national law and of reason and of common
sense? ^ That so soon as those foreign armies
were driven from thecountry, orby the fortunes
of war or treaty those armies were withdrawn
from the country, by the principle ofpost limine,
without any congressional or State legislation
whatever, immediately, by the vitality of our
system of government the laws of the States
and of the United States and their proper rela-
tions toward each other wan Id be immediately
reinstated in the country that had been tempo-
rarily conquered and from which the conquer-
ing armies had been expelled or withdrawn.
Sir, I maintain that that principle applies
with more force, more truth, more necessity,
and more propriety in relation to a domestic
insurrection than to a foreign war. A domes-
tic insurrection—a rebellion you may term it—
overthrows in the rebel country the previous
State government and the Government of the
United State?:. It suspends both. Both re-
main inastateof suspension. But themoment
the authority of the United States is success-
fully asserted in putting down the rebellion and
in bringing back the authority and Govern-
ment of the United States and of the State—
and it is the duty of the Government of the
United States to fight for both those ends, the
reinstatement of the State government as well
as of the Government of the United States—the
moment that is done permanently, and the
hostile power, whether it is alien or domestic,
is put down, yields, and there is-no obstacle,
no difficulty, in the way of the assertion of the
j>ower and jurisdiction of the General and the
State Government as a member of the United
States, and the laws of both are successfully
enforced and peaceably received, the previous
condition of things is restored, and it requires no
legislation, congressional or State, to perfect it.
As I have said repeatedly on this floor, when
after the district of Penobscot, in Maine, was
conquered and the English established a port
of entry at Castine and introduced their own
laws, and in that way put down the jurisdic-
tion and laws of the United States aad of Mas-
sachusetts, Maine then being a district of Mas-
sachusetts, the expulsion of the enemy took
place, no State and no Federal legislation was
necessary to reinstate the previous and right-
ful Governments. None was made, none at-
tempted ; but that learned and able jurist, Mr.
J ustice Story,- solemnly pronounced that by the
principle of the law of nations termed post lim-
ine the Government, private property, State
government, municipal or city governments,
and all rights political and personal that existed
in tbe country previous to its subjugation by
the hostile force were reinstated, and existed
precisely in the condition and to the extent that
they had existed before, and so continued to
exist as though there had been no interruption.
This line of argument leads me to the con-
clusion, about which I cannotdoubt, that when
this insurrection was put down the States were
restored precisely as they existed in regard to
their own State governments and the United
'States Government and their relations with
that Government previous to the revolt, or
previous to the rebellion, if you term it so.
We have heard agreat deal said about' 'Amer-
ican citizens of African descent." I suppose
we_ shall see looming up in the future American
citizens of Asiatic descent. I sawa specimen,
I think, in the Capitol to-day, very modestly
and fantastically dressed.
It is said that the people of the Celestial
empire number about four hundred and sixty
millions, or a little over one third of the whole
population of the earth. They have an idol
that they call Josh, and they have temples
erected to Josh. They sit down before it to
consult Joshas to the propriety and the promise
of particular schemes of national or personal
benefit. They go before his altar in the tem-
ple, and they have peculiar sticks that they
throw up in a peculiar way. If they fall in a
particular manner it is regarded as evidently
auspicious and as favoring the enterprise which
they propose lo undertake. When sticks
enough do not fall thus auspiciously the first
time they throw them up again, and so on,
and so on until they do fall auspiciously.
[Laughter.] Such has been the attempt of
the Radical party of Congress to reconstruct
the southern States. They have thrown up
their sticks again and again. They have had
three or four different laws and systems of ic-
construction. _ They have tested each one of
them, and believing when the sticks first fell
that they were auspicious they assumed such
to be the fact temporarily, but it turned out in
the course of things and events that it was not
altogether right, and they commenced throwing
up the sticks again. We have the last attempt
in the bill now before us. My able friend from
Indiana, [Mr. Morton,] a man of strength and
power, of will and courage and intellect as well
as attainments, is one of the high priests who
are now engaged in throwing up the sticks.
[Laughter.]
Let us see what they propose. The able Sen-
ator irom Illinois, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, [Mr. Tkumbcij,,] who
has occupied that high and honorable position
with so much ability ever since 1 have been a
member of the Senate, protests all the time
that there is no greater friend of the Constitu-
tion than he, no greater friend of the principle
that the powers of the Government must be
divided and vested in three separate branches
of magistracy, no greater devotee to the prin-
ciple that the union of all of them in one body
of men is the very essensc of despotism. Oh,
no ; there is no greater friend of these funda-
mental principles of rational liberty tlian the
honorable Senator; but somehow or other he
does make out to present more ingenious, mis-
chievous, and destructive projects for the os-
tracism of all those fundamental principles of
liberty and constitutional law than any man that
I know of. ' I will read one or two of them.
Here is the first section of the committee's
amendment:
That the Governor of the State of Georgia be, and
he is hereby, authorized and directed forthwith by
proclamation to summon all persons elected to the
General Assembly of said State as appears by the
proclamation of George G-. Meade, the general com-
manding the military district including the State of
Georgia, dated June 25, 1868, to appear on some day
certain.to be named in said proclamation, at Atlanta,
in said State; and thereupon the said General Assem-
bly of said State shall proceed to perfect its organi-
zation, mconformity with the Constitution and laws
of the United States, according to the provisions of
this act.
If the honorable Senator from Illinois were
here I would ask him to read to the Senate the
provision of the Constitution, the authority
that enables the Senate and Congress to pass
any such measure; but as the honorable Sen-
ator is not here I would ask one of the ablest of
his lieutenants, although I believe he is not on
the same committee, the honorable Senator
from Oregon, [Mr. Williams,] to do the same
office. Sir, I am a neophyte in this thing
called Radical legislation. I have been familiar
with it for six or eight years ; but for my life
I have not been able to learn any of its princi-
ples or to understand them. I would invoke
the honorable Senator from Oregon, who talks
so glibly and eloquently and forcibly about the
political powers of the Government, to tell us
whence the authority is derived to pass the
section which I have read.
I have read the Constitution and I have read
it with as much care as I could, and I see that
it establishes one great and leading principle
of dividing, not sovereignty, but the powers of
government, between the United States and the
State governments, and that it adopts another
great and fundamental principle of dividing the
limited and delegated powers which the Con-
stitution confers upon the General Government
into legislative, executive, and judicial; but I
have not been able to find that the Constitution
at any time separates or organizes a class of
powers called the political power of the Gov-
ernment. I ask the honorable Senator from
Oregonto read that provision of the Constitu-
tion which enumerates the political powers of
the Government, and vests them in any de-
partment or departments. All the powers of
our Government, whether legislative, execu-
tive, or judicial, are political; but each branch
of powers is vested in the appropriate depart-
ment.
But the bill proceeds :
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That when the
members so elected to said senate and house of rep-
resentatives shall be convened as aforesaid each and
every member and each and every person claiming
to bo elected as a member of said senate or house
of representatives shall, in addition to taking the
oath or oaths required by the constitution of Geor-
gia, also take and subscribe and file in the office of
the secretary of State of the State of (ieorgia one of
the following oaths or affirmations.
It then proceeds to give them in form and
effect, and closes by declaring that each oath
or affirmation when filed, &c.; shall subject if
violated the person taking it to the pains and
penalties of perjury.
Ihe bill further proceeds :
And every person claiming to bo so elected who
fchall refuse or decline or neglect or be unable to take
