5304
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Julj 7,
money necessarily expended in the contest.
Now I am satisfied that not one half of the
amount proposed to be paid to General Poster
was spent by him in that way. I would be
willing that lie should be paid §2,500, and that
I think would a great deal more than cover
his expenses. If more than that is given him
I want it understood that it is without my
consent.
Mr. RANDALL.^ I desire to make a brief
(statement. The original amount agreed to be
paid to Mr. Foster, unanimously agreed upon
by the Committee of Elections, if I recollect
rightly, -was $4,000. The gentleman who con-
tested his seat and succeeded in getting it
appeared before the Committee of Elections.
The committee heard all that he had to say,
and also heard what the counsel of Mr. Foster
had to say, and then voted to reduce the amount
from $4,000 t.o §3,500. I believe the commit-
tee are unanimous in recommending the pay-
ment of that amount to Mr. Foster. I do not
care, and I do not suppose that Mr. Foster or
anybody else cares, what the opinion of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Covode]
may be about it.
Mr. COVODE. I have made my statement
go that the House may understand the matter.
Mr. RANDALL. The return made by the
counsel of the gentleman himself [Mr. Covode]
was within one or two hundred dollars of the
amount which is proposed to be paid to Mr.
Foster.
Mr. COVODE. I made no such charge.
Mr. RANDALL. It is in the printed testi-
mony.
Mr. COVODE. Without my knowledge.
Mr. RANDALL. The gentleman is bound
by his counsel.
Mr. CESSNA. I ask my colleague [Mr.
Randall] to yield to me to make a statement.
Mr. RANDALL. 1 will do so.
Mr. CESSNA. I desire to say in regard
to all these cases that they have the sanction
of the Committee of Elections; and I have
no hesitation in paying that they ought all to
be adopted, except, perhaps, the case of
Mr. Greene, of New York. In the case of
Mr. Greene the committee were pretty evenly
divided, audi trust the House may be allowed
to have a separate vote upon that case. These
persons named in this resolution were all con-
testants except Mr. Greene. He occupied a
seat in this House for a year, a little more or
less, and received his salary during that time
as a member of Congress. There has been but
or.e case that I know of in the history of Con-
gress where a sitting member has received any
additional allowance for his expenses in a con-
test, and that was the case of Mr. Moffet, of
Pennsylvania. I do not desire to oppose any
of these propositions, but I want the House
to veto upon them understanding!}', and I ask
that a separate vote may be taken in the case
of Mr. Greene.
Mr. RANDALL. I now yield to the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Butler.]
Mr, BUTLER, of Tennessee. My opinion
is that there is more merit in the case of Mr.
Greene, of New York, than in any other pre-
sented to this House. That case was assigned
to me by the Committee of Elections for in-
vestigation and examination. While I was
satisfied that Mr. Gteene was not entitled to
his seat, still he had the certificate of election,
came here and took bis seat, and no doubt
discharged the duties of a member of this
House faithfully and honestly, and received
his salary therefor.
What was the situation in which Mr. Greene
found himself? Ho had received the certifi-
cito of election, and either had to abandon
Lis seat or to incur this expense in the contest.
He was not situated as other contestants are,
i,'r t:ioy are not forced to carry on the contest
and present their claims to Congress. But
Mr. Greene had the certificate of election, and
was obliged either to surrender his seat, to say
that he was not entitled to it, or else to incur
this expense in his effort to retain it. Now,
I trust that this side of the House will have
liberality enough to do justice to a political
opponent who was forced either to abandon
his seat or to make this contest.
Mr. RANDALL. I yield for three minutes
to the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine. J
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, it may be re-
membered by some gentlemen here that I
dissented from the report of the committee in
the caseof Van Wyckt's. Greene. I was not of
opinion that the present member from that
district was entitled to the seat, and I spoke
and voted against awarding it to him; but
when the question arose as to the compensation
to bo allowed to the gentleman who formerly
hold the seat, and was evicted as the result of
the contest, I differed from the majority of the
committee. I voted against allowing him this
increased compensation, for the reason that
there has never been in the history of this
House a case -where under similar circum-
stances such compensation has been allowed.
One ease is referred to as similar to this ; but
I shall show that it differs in a very important
particular. There has never been a case where
under circumstances like these compensation
has been allowed to a person who had occupied
the seat and been evicted on a contest.
There is one case where a sitting member
evicted from the seat as the result of a contest
received additional compensation. That was
a case from Pennsylvania, decided at the
commencement of the present Congress ; but,
in one particular, that case differed from all
others, including this. Until within two or
three years past Congress, it will be remem-
bered, met at its first session in December fol-
lowing the 4th of March, the beginning of the
congressional term. Under that practice, a
member who took his seat for the first time in
December, drew compensation for the period
intervening between March and December, and
also drew mileage. But Mr. Moffet, of Penn-
sylvania, took his seat on the 1th day of .March,
at the very commencement of the Congress, and
within a short period, perhaps thirty days, the
contest was decided; so that Mr. Moffetreeeived
only one month's compensation and but a small
amount of mileage, his residence being not very
remote from the capital. The pay which ho
received amounted to nothing in comparison
with his expenses in the contest. In that case
the House very properly departed from the
ordinary rule, and granted additional compen-
sation.
But here is a case where the contest was
decided after the lapse of a year, more or less.
This case evidently comes within the old rule.
While 1 should be exceedingly glad to compen-
sate Mr. Greene for the expenses of his con-
test if I could find anything in the history or
precedents of the House to justify it, yet the
granting of compensation in such a case in
volves so great a deviation from all the prece-
dents, so complete a departure from the rule
to which the House has hitherto adhered, that
I have felt unwilling to vote for the proposi-
tion in committee, as I shall feel it my duty to
vote against it in this House.
Mr. RANDALL. 1 now yield to the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Bit.u] for three
minutes.
Mr. BURR. I wish to be heard upon only
a single point ; and that is in relation to the
case of Judge Greene, of New York. Ibelieve
the only objection raised against allowing to
this gentleman the amount named in the resolu-
tion is that, as the gentleman from Wisconsin
[Mr. Paijte] says, no precedent can be found
directly in that line. In reply to this, it may
be said that as to all these contested-election
cases, and the questions incidentally growing
out of them, no case on record is a full and
complete precedent for any other case what-
ever. Every case must stand on its own merits.
Every ease must be decided upon its own
points. When the House comes to make its
ultimate decision with reference to the seating
of a member or the compensation^a contest-
ant it must judge each case by its own peculiar
circumstances.
It is said that Judge Greene drew a large
amount as salary while occupying as a mem-
ber the seat from which he was ultimately
ousted. He did draw a considerable amount j
but, as was well said by the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Butler,] his position was
different from that of a contestant. Judge
Greene is a man of very limited means, not a
man of wealth. Holding the certificate of his
Governor entitling him prima facie to a seat
upon this floor, having a contest inaugurated
against him, lie must elect either to meet that
contest, and thereby incur heavy expenses, or
abandon the seat without a contest, thereby
betraying the people who sent him here, and
disgracing the State he sought to represent.
He makes the contest. The House decides
against him. I think it an erroneous decision.
I accept the situation. I say the member now
on the floor representing that district is, by
vote of the House at least, entitled to it. Yet,
sir, tho fact is apparent that in the contest to
maintain and vindicate the certificate which
Judge Greene held, he expended more money
than he received while sitting here as a mem-
ber, and I think the House will do but justice
to allow him the small compensation proposed
by the Committee of Elections.
Mr. RANDALL. I now demand the previous
question.
Mr. COX. I wish to cite a casein point.
Mr. RANDALL. I cannot yield. If I yield
to one I must yield to ail.
Mr. VAN WYCK. 1 wish to ask a question
of the Chair.
Mr. RANDALL. I decline to yield to any-
body.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I desire to ask a ques-
tion of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania demands the previous question and
declines to yield to anybody.
Mr. RANDALL. I insist on my demand
for the previous question, as I do not wish
unnecessarily to occupy the time of the House.
Mr. VAN WYCK. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania assented to the proposition to
divide the resolution.
Mr. RANDALL. If this be voted down I
will demand a division.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
G4, noes 03.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. RANDALL. I now move to suspend
the rules so that the resolution may be brought
before the House and passed; and I give
notice that I will yield to any gentleman to
move a test vote on the New York case.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
75, noes 55.
Mr. RANDALL. I demand the yeas and
nays ; and I desire to state distinctly that I
will yield for a motion to strike out the New
York ease.
Mr. DAWES. Allow that question to be
decided first.
Mr. RANDALL. Very well; I will allow
that motion to be made now.
The SPEAKER. The resol ution is not
before the House, and is not, therefore, sub-
ject to any motion to amend. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania can modify the resolution
so as to withdraw the name of Mr. Greene.
Mr. RANDALL. I will modify the resolu-
tion by taking out the name of Mr. Greene. I
move to suspend the rules to take up and pass
the resolution, as modified.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
00, noes 20.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE demanded the yeas
and nays.
Mr. IAYL0R demanded tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers weie not ordered ; and the yeas and
nays weie not ordered.
So (two thirds having voted in the affirmative)
