4360
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
The letters arc as follows:
United States Bkancii Mint.
Denver, February 12,1870.
Sir: Understanding that the Committee on Ap-
propriations have cut down tho estimates of this
branch mint for fiscal year ending June SO. 1871,
and thinking that they may have been laboring
under some misapprehension in regard to the amount
of business being done at this institution, I would
respectfully call your attention to the statements
inclosocl. showing the number and value of deposits
of gold bullion, amount of actual expenditures for
last live years, as also amount appropriated by Con-
gress in same time.
The amount estimated for wages of workmen be-
ing cut down to $12,000, will, if that on)y is allowed,
cause the discharge of two workmen and the com-
pensation of the balance to be reduced; this, too,
atatimowhen the business is steadily increasing,
tho statement of operations showing that nearly
three times as many deposits were received in last
fiscal year as in tho proceeding year, and the pros-
peefcs now are that there will be a greater number
of deposits this year than ever before.
If this increase continues, and we have every rea-
son now to think it will, there will be required at
least two more workmen to enable us to return
deposits in time to satisfy tho wants of depositors.
The estimates for incidental and contingent ex-
penses are cut down to $3,030. This amount is entirely
too small to defray tho necessary contingent ex-
penses of this mint. It is estimated that tho char-
coal will cost at least $2,500 for this fiscal year, and
that for nest year it is not safe to estimate the
cost of charcoal at less than 83,000. If this amount
is all that will be appropriated it leaves nothing
for fuel, necessary repairs, chemicals, acids, fluxes,
cupels, glassware, stationery, fire-brick, freight,
amounting in all to more than the cost of charcoal;
besides, we are obliged to have a new stationary
^team-engine, as the one now in use is worn out and
dangerous.
Inclosed you will find copy of letter to Hon.
James Pollock, Director United States Mint, Phil-
adelphia, in relation to*my estimates.
In conclusion, I would respectfully urge that my
original estimate besubstituted for the onenow before
the House.
1 am, very respectfully, yours, _ _
JACOB P. L. SCJIIUMER,
Aiscvjer United States JJi uiwh Miat.
Hon. A. A. Bradford, m. c.
United States Branch Mint,
Denver, February 7,1870.
Sir: Your favorofthe31stultimo, stating that the
estimates for this branch mint hadbecn cut down by
the Committee on Appropriations, and desiring to
know the effect this action would have, if adopted,
upon our operations, nlso the facts and reasons jus-
tifying my original estimates, is this day received. &n
reply I would respectfully state, first, as to the effect
of the reduction, leaving mo but two clerks; my
paying clerk, who is chief clerk, will haveto perform
the dudes of book-keeper and warrant clerk, proving
all the calculations and drawing warrants for de-
posits. The calculation clerk will have the calcula-
tions to make, sheets to keep, and memorandums to
make out, showing the value of gold and silver in
each assay made.
In ISfovember last we commenced stamping tho
value on tho bars; this, it, is estimated, makes one
third more work in tho calculations and proof.
Tho molter and refiner has three men on the pay-
roll as his assistants. Two of thoin do the melting, the
other acts as clerk to the meltor and refiner in check-
ing the weight of bullion as it is received if tho
raelter and refiner is at the time below in the melt-
ing-room ; this chock clerk will have to act as weigh
clerk also, receiving all deposits, receipting for the
same, and stamping the bars.
Wo now have two night and one day watchman,
and, in order to keep within the appropriation of
£12,000 for wages of workmen, tho day watchman and
<nio night watchman would have to be discharged,
also the wages of the workmen reduced.
In making the estimates for the next fiscal year I
had to consider the fact that the business at this
branch has been steadily increasing for the past three
years, as the following statement will show:
For tho fiscal year ending June 30,1867, one hun-
dred and eighty deposits were received, value $131,-
550 71; for 1868. four hundred and ninety-three
deposits, value$363,017 78; for 1869, twelve hundred
and fifty-nine deposits, value $850,395 01; this in-
crease continuing in the third quarter, I860, the
business amounting to: deposits, six hundred and fif-
1 een^ value $393,074 48 ; while for the same quarter
in 1868 it was, deposits, two hundred" and eighty-
three, value &196.832 59. Often as many as eighteen
deposits ore made in a day, all wanting their bars
the day alter the deposits are made. This caused
me to think that I would be justified in making esti-
mates for two more clerks, four in all, that, being
the number employed in this mint up to June 30,
1S69. when, as I have shown by the above figures
vot half the business was done that wo are now doing.
Tho same reason induced mo to estimate for an
increase of one assistant in the assay department,
and one in tho melter's department, for if this in-
c-cp.se in business continues their services would
be required.
In regard to the estimates for incidental expenses,
the charcoal for this year will eostS2,500; so we esti-
mated for next fiscal year for charcoal 83,000, fuel
$300, repairs on building SI,200, one stationary steam
engine, $1,500, the one on hand being worn out and
dangerous, making $(5,000 for these four items alone.
Four thousand dollars more for all the other con-
tingent expenses of this branch mint does not seem
to be too high.
Hoping that the explanation herein made will
prove satisfactory, I have the honor to be, very
respectfully, yours,
JACOB F. L. SCHIRMER,
Assayer United States JJ ranch Minlt Denver.
To Hon. James Pollock,
Director United States Mint, Philadelphia.
Mr. DAWES. The report, as printed, recom-
mends non-concurrence in the amendment of
the Senate No. 225. I move to concur, with
an amendment, making the appropriation for
contingent expenses of the Attorney General's
office $8,000 instead of $10,000, as in the Sen-
ate amendment, the amount originally in the
bill being $6,000.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILKINSON. I move to reconsider
the vote by which the amendment with refer-
ence to the appointment of female clerks was
agreed to, with a view afterward to move to
reconsider the vote by which the amendment
of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Hoarj to the amendment reported from the
Committee on Appropriations was adopted.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. How did the gen-
tleman from Minnesota vote on that question ?
Mr. WILKINSON. I voted in favor of both
the amendments. Otherwise I should not have
the right now to move to reconsider.
Mr. ALLISON. It was stated by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] that the
effect of the amendment was to increase the
amount of the appropriation. I have examined
the amendment, and I do not so understand it.
I understand that it simply places the female
clerks in precisely the same position as the
male clcrks ; and that in order to give them a
compensation of $1,200, or any sum above
that, they must be appointed as first, second,
third, or fourth class clcrks, as the case may
be. The law now fixes the number of first,
second, and third class clerks, so that by no
possibility can the number of first, second, or
third class clerks be increased. If I am mis-
taken in my construction of the amendment I
shall vote to reconsidcr; otherwise I shall not.
Mr. DAWES. If the amendment means no
more than the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Allison] has stated, all that is in the original
proposition. If there is auy force in the amend-
ment at all—and I understand that that was
the purpose of offering it--it was to raise the
compensation.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to ask a question
of the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations. Is it intended by his amendment
that these female clerks shall receive the same
compensation as male clerks of the same
class?
Mr. DAWES. It is so intended and pro-
vided.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. I understood that
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoau]
moved his amendment to the amendment of
the committee simply to make plain, and it did
make plain, what was left in doubt by the
amendment of the committee. The amendment
of the committee only provides that there shall
bono discrimination in the appointments. But
as the law before provided that the female clerks
should get only $900 a year, this might be so
construed at the Department that they still
would get only $900, although appointed first
or second class clerks. Therefore 1,hc amend-
ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts was
introduced with a view of providing that there
should be no discrimination in the pay.
Mr. HOAR. The original amendment, as
reported by the Committee on Appropriations,
provides 
Mr. CULLOM. Before the gentleman pro-
ceeds I should like the Clerk to read the amend-
ment of the Committee on Appropriations which
was amended on the motion of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoar.]
Mr. HOAR. I shall read the amendment
of the committee. It provides—
That hereafter, in the appointment and employ-
ment of clerks, copyists, and counters, or other em-
ployes in the several Departments of the Govern-
ment, there shall be no discrimination between males
and females; and it shall be lawful to appoint and
employ any competent and worthy persons in such
positions without regard to sex; but tho number of
clerks shall not be increased by this section.
Now, my first plan was to amend the amend-
ment by inserting after the word' 'employment''
the words uand compensation/7 so that it
•would read 6t that hereafter, in the appoint-
ment and employment and compensation of
clerks, &c., there shall be no discrimination,"
&c., but when I called the attention of the
chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions to it last night he said that that would
leave it as was meant by the original proposi-
tion, and he had no objection to it. After-
ward it seemed to me for parliamentary rea-
sons, which I stated at the time, that it -was
better to make the motion which I made; wh ich
was this, that hereafter such officers, clerks,
or employes, who are females, shall receive
the same compensation as is now fixed by law
for males of the same class.
Now, how does this amendment operate?
Why, that where a female is a first, second,
third, or fourth class clerk, she shall get the
pay of a clerk of that class; but if she has been
appointed of another and different class, as
many have been, that is to say of the class
of female clerks, a class sui generis, or as a
counter, this amendment has no effect on her
compensation whatever. That is the clear
meaning of the language of the amendment.
Why then put it in ? Because the amendment
reported by the Committee on Appropriations
is susceptible of very great uncertainty in Its
construction. 11 provides that no discri mination
shall be made in the appointment or employ-
ment; but it says nothing about compensation.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to ask the gentle-
man a question. If I understand his own con-
struction of his amendment, it does not have
the effect to raise the compensation of female
clerks, as such, unless they are appointed as
first, second, third, or fourth class clerks.
Mr. HOAR. Certainly not.
Mr. BENTON. Now, I would like to ask.
the gentleman a question—if the effect of his
amendment is not to increase the compensa-
tion of a portion of the female employes of
the Government?
Mr. HOAR. I am not sufficiently familiar
with the mechanism of the Departments to
answer that question with certainty. After the
amendment v/as adopted I confess that I had
some doubts in my own mind on that point.
The SPEAKER. Debate is exhausted on
the motion to reconsider.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask for the reading of
the amendment of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Hoar.] He said he would read
it, but he has not done so.
The SPEAKER. The amendment of the
Committee on Appropriations, as amended on
motion of the gentleman from Massachusetts;
[Mr. Hoar,] will now be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause of the Sen-
nte amendment and substitute in lieu thereof the
following:
That hereafter, in the appointment and employ-
ment of clerks, copyists, and counters, or other em-
ployes in tho several Departments of the Govern-
ment, there shall be no discrimination between
males and female-, and it shall be lawful to appoint
and employ any competent and worthy persons in
such positions without regard to sex; but the num-
ber ot clerks shall not be increased by this section;
and hereafter the compensation of all such officers,
clerks, and employes who are females shall be t!u
same as now fixed by law for males of tho same class.
Mr. FARNSWORTH* I move to lay the
motion to rcconsider on the table; and ask
for the yeas and nays on that motion, and I
call for tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered ; only sixteen mem-
bers voting therefor.
