514
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 22j
Sen-ate.
Income Tax—Mr. Scott.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
William Moore, Morrissey, Peters, Boots, Schenck,
Scofield, Shanks. Porter Sheldon, Sherrod, Slocum,
Worthington C. Smith, Stevens, Strong-, Van Wyck,
Voorhees.Wallace,CadwaladerC. Washburn,Welker,
Wilkinson, Williams, and Eugene M. Wilson—52.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
on the motion to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to recommit the bill.
The SPEAKER. The motion to lay the bill
on the table must bo voted on, unless it be
withdrawn.
Mr. JUDD. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. MeNEELY. I renew the motion to lo.y
the bill on the table.
Mr. BLDRIDGE. On that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 79, nays 91, not voting
GO; as follows:
YEAS—Mcssis. Adams, Allison. Arehcr, Asper,
Axteil, Beck, Bird, Booker, Boyd. James Brooks,
Burcliard. Burr, Calkin, Sidney Clarice, Cleveland,
Coburn, Conner, Cox, Crebs, Cullom, Dox, Bldridge,
Farnsworth, Finkelnburg, Fox, Getz, Gibson, Gns-
wold, Hal Icman, UamilT, Hawkins, liny, llellm,
Ilolruan, Ingersoll. Johnson, Judd, Knott,Lawrence,
Lewis, Marshall, Mayharu, MeCormiek, McNeoly,
Milnes, Morgan, Muugen, Niblaek, Ortli, Packard,
Potter, ltandali, Keoves. llice, Ilidgway, Iiogcrs,
Sargent. Scliuraaker.Shober, John A. Smith, Joseph
S. Smith, Stiles, Stokes, Stono, Strader. Swann,
Sweeney, Tafi'o, Trim hie, Tynor, Upson, Van Aulcen,
Van Trump, Wells, Whitmore, Wilkinson, l'iuu'cno
M. Wilson. Winchester, and Wood—79.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Armstrong,Arnoll,
Atwood, Ayor, Bailey, Banks, Barry, Beaman, Ben-
jamin, Bennett, Benton, Bingham, Boles,Georgo M.
Brooks, Bnck.Bnekley, JBaffinton, Cessna, Churchill,
William T. Clark, Aniasa Cobb, Clinton J-. Cobb,
Cook, Conger, Cowles,Davis, Dawes, Dickey, Dixon,
Donley. Duval. Ferrit-s, Ferry, Fisher. Gillilhin, Hale,
Harris, llawley, Hays, Hoar, llolchkiss, Alexander
H. ,1 ones, Kelley, Kotcliani. Knapp, Tallin, Lash,
McOrnry, \K-iJ row, McTCee, McKcnzie, Mcrcur, Lli.i-
kim 11. Moore, Je-so 11. Jlooro, Morphia, Daniel 3.
Morrcll, ,Samuel P. Morrill, Myers, Negley, New-
sham, u'Nciil, Pucker, Paine, Palmer, Peek. Pereo,
Phelps, Piatt. Poland, Pomoroy, Portor, Prosser,
Siinford, William J. Smilli, William Smyth, Stark-
h callicr, titoujihton, Strickland, Tanner, Taylor,
Tillman, TWnsend, Twichcll, Van lloin, Waid,
AVilliam J.I. Washburn, Wheeler, Willard, and
\V'in:ins—III.
NUT YDI'ING — Messrs. Barnum, Boatty, Biggs,
Bl;iii",Btiweii, Burdel.l.BonjaminP.Butlor.Koclorick
K. Butler, Cake, Covodc, Dcgoner, Dickinson, Dock-
cry, Oyer, Ula, Kiteh, Garfield, llaight, llambleton,
Hamilton, Beaton, llill, lloge, Hooker, Jonckes,
Thomas L. Jones, Julian, Kellogg, lvelxey. Kerr,
Logan, Loughridge, Lynch, Maynard, McCarthy,
William Moore, Morrissey, Peters, Roots, Sawyer,
Sclienck, Seolield. Shanks, Lionel A. Shcldon.Porter
Sholdon, Sherrod, Slocum, Worthington C. Smith,
Stevens, ftovonson, Strong, Van Wyok, Voorhees,
Wallace, Cadvvalailer V. Washburn, Welker, Wil-
liams, John T. Wilson, Witcher, and Woodward—lit).
So the House refused to lay the bill on the
table.
The question then recurred on Mr. Davis's
motion, to recommit the bill to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. ELDUIDGE demanded the yeas and
nays.
The House divided; and there were-—ayes
19, noes 97 ; not one fifth voting in the affirm-
ative.
Mr. ELDP„1DGE demanded tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
So tin' yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was recommitted.
Mi'. DAVIS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was recommitted to the Commit-
tee on die Judiciary ; and also moved that the
ii'oliou to reconsider be laid oil the table,
'1 he latter motion was agreed to.
On the succeeding Monday a new bill wad
introduced by Mr. Davis, taking into the Uni-
ted Stales courts jurisdiction over cases of
fraudulent voting by any naturalized citizen,
or votingonfraudulent papers ; but no change
was made in the method of naturalization,
the House having refused to sanction any
change.
Income Tax.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN SCOTT,
of pennsylvania,
In the Senate of the United States,
June 22 and 23, 1870.
The Senate having under consideration the bill
(II. 11. No. 2045) to reduce internal taxes, and for
other purposes-
Mr. SCOTT said:
Mr. President: At this late day in the ses-
sion I do not propose to make any extended
argument on the question involved in this mo-
tion. It has heretofore to some extent been
the subject of discussion in the Senate; but
there are some views of this question to which
I deem it proper to turn attention for a few
moments, and I do not propose, as I have
already said, to occupy much of the time of
the Senate in doing so.
'The first thing to which I call attention is
the language of the act imposing the income
tax, for it is very nearly the same in the bill
now reported by the Finance Committee that
it was in the act which has expired. The tax
is imposed "on the gains, profits, and income
of every person residing in the United States,
or of any citizen of the United States residing
abroad, whether derived from any kind of prop-
erty, rents, interest, dividends, or salaries, or
from any profession, trade, employment, or
vocation, carried on in the United States or
elsewhere, or from any other source whatso-
ever, a tax of five per cent, on the amount so
derived over $1,000." This is now proposed
to be changed by making it a tax of three per
cent, on all over $2,000.
The first question presented by this act is
whether this is or is not a direct tax. I do not
propose, as I have already said, to weary the
Senate with a legal argument upon that ques-
tion, but to call attention to the decisions which
have been made upon it, and to the fact that
those decisions have been based upon what is
termed tk3 history of that clause of the Con-
stitution referring to direct taxation; and I
shall, instead of making a legal argument, cite
some historical authorities in opposition to the
historical authority upon which these judicial
decisions have been based.
There have been three cases in which the
question, what is a direct tax under the Con-
stitution of the United States? have been
considered. They are: "ITyltonra. The United
States," reported in 3 Dallas, 171, and decided
in 1790 ; the ease of " The Pacific Insurance
Company vs. Soule," reported in 7 Wallace,
43d, and decided in 1808; and the Veazie
Bank vs. Fenno,,reported in 8 Wallace, 583,
decided in 18G9 ; the latter two under the
income tax law which expired in 1870.
The first case decided that a tax upon car-
riages was not a direct tax; the second, that a
tax upon the business and profits of an insur-
ance company is not a direct tax; and the
third, that the tax of ten per cent, upon all
State banks is not a direct tax. The reason-
ing and references cited in the opinions in
these cases would indicate it also as the opin-
ion of the judges that the words "direct taxes"
used in the Constitution comprehend only
capitation taxes and taxes on land, and per-
haps taxes on personal property by general
valuation and assessment of the various de-
scription possessed within the several States.
This is founded upon the historical authority
of Judge Patterson, one of the judges of the
Supreme Court at the time the case in 3 Dal-
las was decided, aud a member of the Con-
vention which formed the Constitution. He
is quoted in the late eases as to what were
intended to bo the objects of direct taxation.
I oppose to this authority of Judge Patterson,
as quoted in these cases, the authority of men
as eminent as he, and as well qualified by their
participation in the constitutional convention
and in the State conventions which adopted
it to be quoted as historical authority as he.
In the Virginia convention the authority to
lay direct taxes was attacked by Patrick Henry
and those who acted with him as one of the
most objectionable and vulnerable points in
the Federal Constitution. They insisted upon
substituting the requisitions upon the States,
which had been resorted to under the Confed-
eration, and Mr. Henry proposed that the Con-
stitution should be so amended as to authorize
requisitions first, and then, if not complied
with, a levy of direct taxes. In the whole dis-
cussion, and in the proposed amendments, as I
will hereafter show, no other taxes were thought
of or spoken of than the two classes—direct
taxes and the duties, imposts and excises.
Other indirect taxes than these are nowhere
mentioned ; but, on the contrary, other direct
taxes than those on lands and a capitation tax
are directly asserted to be,authorized, and this,
too, by the advocates of the Constitution in seek-
ing to disarm the objections of its opponents
when attacking the power to levy direct taxes.
Before quoting them, however, let me sug-
gest how improbable it is that men so careful
of the phraseology used in their work as were
the members of the constitutional convention
would have used the term "capitation and
other direct taxes " if it bad been clearly un-
derstood that direct taxes were to be confined
to capitation taxes and taxes upon land. If
there were to be but two classes they would
not have named the oneand used the indefinite
phrase " other direct taxes;" they would have
said at once " no capitation or land tax shall
be laid unless in proportion to the census," &e.
I now proceed to show how this subject was
viewed by those whom we have been accus-
tomed to call the fathers of the Constitution.
When the clauses of the Constitution provid-
ing for raising a national revenue came to be
considered in the Virginia convention, in the
whole discussion it was taken for granted that the
gradual establishment of manufactures would
so diminish the duties received from imports as
to render necessary a resort to other taxation,
and direct taxation was the only kind spoken
of. I now quoto, that I may be accurate upon
this subject, the debates in the Virginia con-
vention when this matter was before them in
the light I have already referred to. On page
77 of those debates Mr. Madison makes use
of these words:
" Let us consider the most important of these rep-
robated powers; That of direct taxation is most gen-
erally objected to. With respect to the exigencies
of Government there is no question but the most
ea«y mode of providing lor them will be adopted.
When, therefore, direct taxes are not necessary, they
will not be recurred to. It can be of little advan-
tage to those in power to raise money in a manner
oppressive to the people. To consult the conven-
iences of tho people will cost them nothing, and in
many respects will be advantageous to them. Direct
taxes will only be recurred to for great purposes."
No other allusion is made here to any other
than direct taxes, the duties, imposts, and
excises being out of consideration at that time.
I proceed to page 220 of the same debates, and
there he uses this language :
"The gentlemen who favored us with their obser-
vations on this subject seemed to have reasoned on a
supposition that the General Government was con-
fined by tho paper on your table to lay general uni-
lorni taxes. Is it necessary that there should be a
tax /:>n any given article throughout the United
States? It is represented to be oppressive, that
the States who have slaves andmake tobacco should
pay taxes on these for lederal wants, when other
States who have them not would escape. But dee.,
the constitution on the table admit of this V On the
contrary, there is a proportion to be laid on each
State according to its population. The most proper
articles will be selected in each State. Tf one artiel c in
any State should be deficient it will be laid onanother
article. Our State is secured on this foundation. Its
proportion will be commcnsurato to its population.
This is a constitutional scale which is an insuperable
bar against disproportion, and ought to satisly all
