1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5B05
the rules were suspended; and the resolution,
as modified, was passed.
order of business.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to move to suspend
tho rales and go into Committee of the Whole
011 the state of the Union on the deficiency
appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from New
York [Mr. Churchill] has the floor to call up
the Missouri contested-election case of Switz-
ler vs. Dyer.
Mr. JULIAN. Has not the Committee on
the Public Lands aright to the morning hour?
The SPEAKER. It has not, to the exclu-
sion of a privileged question. The gentleman
from New York [Mr. Churchill] is on the
floor for a privileged question.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. If we do
not have a morniBg hour to-day we will not
have a morning hour for public business till
Tuesday next.
Mr. WHEELER. We do not want any. We
are opposed to these land-grabbing operations.
Mr. CESSNA. If we have a morning hour
now, will not the gentleman from New York
be recognized immediately afterward?
The SPEAKER,. On a privileged question
he will be recognized at any time.
Mr. CESSNA. After the morning hour
we can discuss the Missouri contested-election
case, and then have a vote in a full House
to-morrow.
Mr. ALLISON. I demand the regular busi-
ness.
cameron vs. roots.
Mr. PAINE, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, submitted a report in the case of Charles
Cameron vs. Logan H. Roots, from the first
district of Arkansas; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PAINE. I give notice that I will call
this case up for action before the close of the
session.
prince edward island.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, by unan-
imous consent, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported abill (H. R. No. 2380) to
promote trade with Prince Edward Island;
which was read a first and second tune, recom-
mitted to the same committee, and ordered to
be printed.
switzler vs. dyer.
The SPEAKER. The question before the
House is upon the following resolutions, re-
ported from the Committee of Elections :
Itesoteed, That David P. Dyer is not entitled to a
seat in this llouso as n, representative m the l'orty-
First Congress from the ninth congressional district
That William "S. Switzler is entitled to a
seat in this House asa Representative m the orty-
First Congress from the ninth congressional district
in Missouri.
Mr. CESSNA. I desire to offer the follow-
ing resolution as a substitute for the report of
the majority of the committee:
Resolved. That David P. Dyer is entitled to the seat
he now holds as Representative from the ninth con-
gressional district of Missouri.
Mr. CHURCHILL. Mr. Speaker, the elec-
tion which was held in the ninth congressional
district of Missouri on the 3d of November,
1808, resulted in 0,286 votes being cast for Wil-
liam P. Switzler, and 5,570 votes for David P.
Dyer. The question will naturally arise how
it happens that with a majority of 710 votes Mr.
Switzler appears here as a contestant ?_ The
reason is that the secretary of State rejected
the vote of Monroe county in counting up the
votes cast and returned to him by the clerks
of the county courts of the ninth congressional
district, thereby showing a majority of 432 for
the sitting member, and upon that he gave him
the certificate on which he now holds his seat.
This act of the Secretary of State of Missouri
was a usurpation. His duty is thus very clearly
declared by the statutes:
"Within fifty days after such general election, and
as much sooner as the returns shall all have been
made, the secretary of State, in the presence of the
governor, shall proceed to open the returns and to
oast up the votes given for all candidates for any
office, and shall give to the person having the highest
number of votes for members of Congress from each
district certificates of election, under his hand, with
tho seal of the State affixed thereto."—General Slat-
utes of Missouri, 63, sections 24-32.
Statutes similar to this have been frequently
construed by the courts of various States and
by the committees of this House, and the
House itself, and always against the power
claimed and exercised by the secretary of State
in this case. But this very statute has been
twice before the supreme court of Missouri on
cases arising at thiselection of 1838, and once
when this secretary of State was defendant, and
the decision on both occasions was unanimous
and decided against this right.
In the case of Bland vs. Rodman (43 Mis-
souri, 256) the court say, after quoting the
statute I have already read:
" The law does not seem to have vested in the sec-
retary any discretion m tho premises. It requires
him to perform the act of opening and counting the
returns. It is the law declared by this court, as well
as the general current of authority, that a county
clerk, or thesecretary of State, in opening and cast-
ing up votes acts ministerially and no tjudieially. The
matter of determining upon the legality of votes is
a judicial function, to be passed upon before a tri-
bunal competent to make an adjudication, where the
parties interested can be heard."
It is true that it is objected to this case that
it went off on other grounds, and that there-
fore, to a certain extent, the opinion of the court
upon this point is not authoritative. But it
was carefully considered, and was concurred
in by the entire court. Afterward, in the case
of the State vs. Steers, (44 Missouri, 224, 228,)
the point was again before the court. The
clerk of the county court refused to count the
vote of Jasper township in this congressional
district, thereby electing the Democratic can-
didates for county offices, who entered upon
their offices. The court rejected them all, and
after quoting the opinion from which 1 have
already read, and also quoting the statute in
regard to county clerks, which is similar to
that in regard to the secretary of State, they
say:
" Hore is no discretion given, no power to pass upon
and adjudge whether votes are legal or illegal, but
the simple ministerial duty to cast up and award the
certificate to the person having tho highest number
of votes. To allow a ministerial officer arbitrarily
to reject returns at his own caprice or pleasure, is to
infringe or destroy the rights of others withoutnotice
or opportunity to bo heard, a thing which tho law
abhors and prohibits, I have examined with a good
deal of research the authorities, and hn.ve never been
able to find a single one that held otherwise than
that tho canvasser acted ministerially: but they are
unanimous and decisive, declaring lnm to bo a min-
isterial officer and nothing else."
And yet this secretary of Stale, on the 31st
day of December, 1868, after the fifty days
within which he was required by the statutes of
Missouri to count up the returns and to issue
his commission to that candidate for Congress
who had the majority of votes, thus writes:
" I have left the whole matter of Monroe and other
counties to tho Legislature for decision. I have not
thrown out any county, but simply refuse to east up
until the Legislature decides that I shall do so."
Against the express language of the statute
requiring that he should do what he admits he
had refused to do.
This usurpation by this same secretary has
been twice repeated in this same district, and
the contestant has in each c>isp been the suf-
ferer. Although the fact that the sitting mem-
ber holds the certificate of the secretary of
State is of no consequence in determining the
merits of this case, yet I have called attention
to it at this time for the purpose of letting the
House understand that this dangerous usurp-
ation has been twice repeated with regard to
th'e representation of this congressional district;
a usurpation which, in a close House, might at
any time change the whole legislation of the
country at the will of an irresponsible official,
and a usurpation which this House should, it
possible, rebuke. It has imposed upon the
contestant in this case the burden of pressing
the case as a contestant, when it was his legal
right to have received the certificate to the seat,
leaving to the other party to this contest the
burden of contesting the seat if he chose.
The contest in this case turns upon the ques-
tion whether the vote of Monroe county shall
be counted or not. If counted, ray friend who
has prepared the report of the minority admits
the election of Mr. Switzler. If rejected, he
admits his defeat. No objection whatever is
made as to the quietness of the election in this
county, and its tairness. It is the registration
only that is declared illegal and fraudulent.
Every presumption is in favor of the legality
of this election; and before the returns can be
rejected two things must appear:
First. That such frauds and irregularities
must have occurred as to overcome this lega'
presumption.
Hecond. That the ballot-box cannot be purged
by ascertaining and excluding the illegal votes.
We deny that either of these things existed in
this ease. Tho committee, after careful exam-
ination, affirm the legality of the registration;
and also, that if illegal votes were cast the
purification of the ballot-box was possible.
The validity of the registration in Monroe
couuty is attacked on three grounds:
1. 'I'hatCharles F. Mayo, the superintendent
of registration in the seventh senatorial district,
composed of the counties of Howard, Ran-
dolph, and Monroe, made a corrupt agreement
for the appointmentof registrars in those coun-
ties in consideration of his receiving the sup-
port of the Democratic party for sheriff.
2. That the oliicers of registration appointed
by him did not properly perform their duties.
3. That the number of persons registered as
qualified was largely in excess of the qualfied
voters of the county. Mayo was a Radical, not
a candidate for the office, and apparently a man
in good standing. The evidence of corrupt
agreement on the part of Mayo rests entirely
upon his own statements.
In the spring of 1868, soon after Mayo was
appointed superintendent, one T. B. Reed, the
Democratic senator from that district, offered
him if he would appoint Democratic registrars
that lie would support him for sheriff with his
vote and influence. He did not speak, or claim
to be authorized to speak for anybody but him-
self. On the same day a message was brought
to Mayo from the same person that he would
deposit three to five thousand dollars in bank to
his (Mayo's) creditincasehehad not confidence
in his ability to elect him to the office of sheriff,
and would appoint those Democrats whom he
named as registrars in that county, Randolph,
in which they resided. Mayo swears that none
of these nropositions w,ere accepted; that the
deposit of money was never afterward men-
tioned between them; that he appointed none
of the registrars so suggested by Reed in
Randolph county ; and that he appointed and
removed registrars throughout upon his own
judgment, and upon what he believed to be
right according to law.
The report of the minority claims that what
it calls the improper registration in Monroe
county was in consequence of the removal of
the registrars first appointed, and that this
removal was in consequence of this proposition
of Reed to support Mayo for sheriff. The
dates show that this is not true. Mayo was
appointed superintendent in March, 18G8, when
the law required the appointment to be made
by the Governor. Tho proposition of Reed
was made in the spring, and immediately after
Mayo:s appointment. The appointment of re-
gistrars in* Monroe county was not made till
months after, on June 28. 1868.
On the 2Gth October, 1868, seven days before
the election, a Democratic mass meeting, held
at Huntsville, adopted a resolution that as a
mark of their approval of the fair and impartial
manner in which the registration bad been con-
ducted they would support Mayo for sheriff.
This seems to have been the first and only
action of the Democratic party, or any meeting
of that party, upon the subject. It does not
