218
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
might furnish that ground to a judicial tribunal.
It might establish the ground of duress; but at
the same time they concede that theirs would
be in fact and in effect such a matter of duress
as this. There is no substantial difference
between them. Whatever an enlightened and
impartialcourt would adjudge in relation to one
it would in relation to the other ; and yet gen-
tlemen call the proposition of the Senator from
Indiana a free choice offered to the Legislature
of Georgia. As I said before the recess, it is
the choice which the highwayman offers to the
traveler on the highway when he presents his
six-shooter to his bosom and says, "Your
money or your life."
That is about the freedom which is offered to
Georgia. Georgia, by the principles of our
Constitution, by the history and the traditions
of the American Union, by all the laws and
principles of liberty within the United States,
is entitled to self-government. Her people
are authorized to make their own constitution.
If you will amend the Federal Constitution
they are authorized to take an equal part in
that work, with you. You have no right to
exclude the States, or any of them. If you do,
you are guilty of an offense against the import-
ant and solemn business of amending the
Constitution, and it would vitiate your work,
and before any enlightened and independent
court would subject it to condemnation. If you
assume that they are not fit to take part in this
great business of altering the Constitution you
must then refrain from offering it until they
become fit and qualified; and if they never
become fit and qualified in your judgment, all
you have to do is not to begin this business of
altering the Constitution at all. It is you that do
it. This work is notforced upon you. Thepeo-
pleofthe country do not require it. Theliberties
of the people do not require it. The perpe-
tuity of our institutions does not require it. It
is only the good of the Radical party and to
increase their prospects of continuing in power
that it is necessary to do this work.
Sir, I maintain that every State in the Union
has a right to be represented in both Houses
of Congress before a proposition to amend the
Constitution can be legitimately and constitu-
tionally made by Congress. You are the judge
whether the people of these States, or any of
them, are in a fit condition to take part in that
work or not. You may decide the question
as you please. It is within your power—a
power that none can control." If you think
they are unfit, say so, and deny them a right
to take part in this work by refusing to enter
upon it at all. If you enter upon it at all, they
have the perfect constitutional right to^ote for
or againstyour proposition of amendment; and
no power but that of usurpation and lawless
tyranny can deprive them of that right.
Well, Mr. President, those people if they
choose may refuse to appear in Congress and
take part in the work. They must have the
option, the_ freedom to do so, and if they will
not do so in willfulness and perversion it is
their own sin and their own fault; but after
amendments have been proposed they are to
be ratified by the Legislatures or conventions
of three fourths of the States. Every State in
the Union by its convention or by its Legisla-
ture has a right to vote upon each proposition
of amendment. No power on earth can legiti-
mately deprive them of that right. It is a
sacred right to freemen, odious to usurpers and
tyrants only, of the exercise of which only they
may be afraid. If they are not competent and
fit to lake part you can exclude their taking
part by making a submission of no proposition
until they are prepared.
You are revolutionists and usurpers if you
proceed on a different theory. I mean per-
sonally no disrespect to any of you. I am an
ardent man. An ardent and an honest man
will express his opinions freely, bravely, fear-
lessly. I need not proclaim that I am an ardent
man; and as to being on honest man I have
. tto word to say; but it is ray purpose, my
nature, my organization, my gift from Deity,
if I may claim it, to express my opinions with
freedom and independence, and as long as the
last flickering of life remains here Ishall exer-
cise that right.
Here are eleven States whose people.com-
mitted treason, who were not entitled, as you
say, to representation in the two Houses of
Congress. You had the right to suppress their
rebellion by arms, and they had the right to
come in and submit voluntarily without military
coercion. Whenever the insurrection was put
down in either one mode or the other those peo-
ple become entitled to every right of every other
State in the government of the United States
and under the Constitution, and you had no
more right to exclude them than to exclude
Massachusetts or Ohio or the great Republican
States of Vermont and Iowa and Illinois. You
had no more right to prescribe conditions upon
the rehabilitation of the State governments by
the rebel people of those States than you had
to impose them upon any of the other States
of the Union. The Constitution prescribes no
variant fundamental law for different States,
even though some of the States may have been
in a state of rebellion and insurrection against
the authority of the United States.
While that state of insurrection exists all
their rights are suspended; they may be treated
as enemies in hostility, but there are no rights
of conquest or subjugation over them. The
only power is to subdue them in insurrection
and reduce them to obedience to the law.
Their right to govern themselves whenever you
reach the end of the rebellion by either mode
becomes the same and as universal under this
Government as the rights of the other States.
You may punish individuals who have been
guilty of violations of law, and that is all you
can do. The penal action of the Government
of the United States does not act upon States.
I will illustrate it in this way ; suppose
Andrew Johnson had been guilty of treason,
and he had entered into a conspiracy to over-
throw the Government of the United States
while he %vas President; that would have for-
feited his right to the office; he might have
been hung; but the office would have endured
as a partof our machinery and system of mixed
government of the United States and of States.
Theguilty incumbent would have been removed
from it, but the office would have remained
firm to receive an honest and patriotic incum-
bent. So of the members of the Supreme
Court; so of the members of the two Houses of
Congress, and all the other functionaries of the
Government. The idea that because incum-
bents in office, State or Federal, commit crime
and treason, those offices, to use the language
of the great sophist from Massachusetts, would
be abdicated and forfeited, is nothing but au
absurdity. There is no forfeiture of office ;
there is no abdication of office, cither of State
or of the United States. No laws can be pre-
scribed except by the Legislatures; no mem-
bers of the Senate can be chosen except by the
States, and each State has the right by the ex-
press provision of the Constitution to be repre-
sented by two Senators in the Senate, and a
party, a politician, a factionist, a sophist, a
statesman who assumes the ground that because
incumbents of these different offices commit
the same crimes that the southern rebels did
these necessary parts of the machinery of our
complicated and blended system of govern-
ment were abolished, forfeited, and had to be
reformed, reorganized, reconstructed, violates
all logic and human reason as well as states-
manship.
Crime operates only upon the incumbent
personally, singly; not upon the State, not upon
the Presidency or the courts of the United
States, or the State governments, or the mem-
bers of the State Legislatures. All these organs
exist and continue and opeiate to receive good
men to continue the administration of govern-
ment and the preservation of our institutions.
There was no greater or more dangerous heresy
ever propounded by bold and ingenious and
audacious men than that a part of the States
of the United States may exclude any number
of States they please from representation in the
two Houses of Congress, and that acting as a
lawful and constitutional tribunal the remain-
ing members may propose amendments to the
Constitution.
No, Mr. President, there is but one way to
amend the Constitution. It is to have every
State of the Union represented in both Houses
of Congress, or with perfect liberty to be there
represented; itisto submit all proposed amend-
ments to Legislatures or conventions of all the
States. You cannot amend the Constitution in
a time of rebellion, revolution, and war. The
amendment of the Constitution is the work of
peace. All the deliberations, all the wisdom,
all the philanthropy and justice of peace are to
reign without obstruction when that great work
of amending the Constitution is entered upon.
If men want to amend the Constitution they
must await until the return of that condition.
There is no necessity to change it or to alter it
so suddenly. It served our turn and our office
and our purposes from our infancy to our pres-
ent age of vigorous youth. I admit that it
might be that the people of someof these States,
were not in a fit condition at the close of the
war, were then in the temper and spirit and
with the purposes and opinions and principles
that would enable them to take part in alter-
ing the Constitution. Such would have been,
in my judgment, my own vote if a proposition
had then been made to amend the Constitution
by proposed amendments. If Congress had
proposed to submit amendments to the States,
or to call a convention for that purpose at that
time, in the temper of the southern people I
would have voted against both, as I did against
all proposed amendments. That is the remedy,
that is the safety, that is the only safety of the
amendment and alteration of the fundamental
law.
I beg pardon for having detained the Senate
so long. I have only sought to express my
views on the general principles involved in
this bill.
Mr. NORTON. Mr. President, after having
heard for some four years the discussion of the
questions involved in this bill, and discussions
of questions similar to those that have been
discussed to-day, I should consider myself in-
excusable if I were to detain the Senate long
upon this occasion.
Almost all the questions that have been dis-
cussed to-day and yesterday while this bill and
the amendment have been pending are familiar
to myself and familiar to the Senate, and I
know how useless and how id}e it would be to
attempt to check the Senate in its action upon
this measure ; but there are two orthree things
that have transpired which seem to me worthy
of notice, not that other matters which have
been spoken to are light or trivial.
Yesterday the discussion seemed to take a
sort of drift on the other side toward an attempt
to justify under the Constitution, or in some
otherway, the enactment of this bill. TheSen-
ator from Oregon [Mr. Williams] found his
justification for the passage of this bill in the
fact that the people of Georgia had not been
true to the pledges or the representations they
had made to Congress, and from that we all
inferred that they had not done what the Re-
publican party had aright to expect they would
do. The Senator from Vermont Qtlr. Ed-
MtJirps] found his justification for voting for this
bill in the fact that it was consistent with the
reconstruction laws heretofore passed, and he
gave us a long history, a detailed statement of
what those laws were. The Senator from Mich-
igan [Mr. Howard] found a justification for his
vote in favor of the bill in the fact that the
people of Georgia were not loyal, and he said
that we should teach this people that they should
be true, as he understood it, to the Govern-
ment. But the Senator from Indiana [Mr.
Morton] has given the true reason why the
