5306
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7,
seem to have been regarded as binding the
party at all, since two Democratic candidates
remained in the field, who together received
more votes than Mayo did, although it would
seem, from the fact that the Republican candi-
date received only about one half of the
Republican vote, that Mayo received a very
considerable support from his party friends.
From these facts Mayo could but have re-
garded his election as sheriff by Democratic sup-
port as very doubtful, and if he had been influ-
enced by corrupt considerations he would have
accepted the offer made him by his political
friend, the secretary of State, who offered to
give him a better office than that of sheriff if
he would resign his place as superintendent of
registration.
The facts attending the removal of the regis-
trars also show that it could not have been the
result of any corrupt or other agreement with
Democrats, as charged by the minority iu their
report. The first appointments in all the coun-
ties were Republicans. In Howard county one
of the first appointees was removed for cause,
as stated by Mayo; i. e., he refused to register
a man whose loyalty he had himself previously
sworn to, in order to draw pay. Thereupon the
other two resigned, although it was not the
purpose of Mr. Mayo, as he himself swears, to
remove them; and then others were appointed
in their places. In Randolph and Monroe
counties all the registrars appointed through-
out, with a single exception, were Republicans.
In Randolph county one of those first appointed
refused to serve, and another was appointed.
The three thus appointed, without any inter-
ference from Mayo or any request from him,
resigned, and in their places were appointed
three others who completed the registration.
It is not pretended that any one of those per-
sons did not possess all the qualifications re-
quired in a registering officer by the laws of
Slissouri.
The first board appointed in Monroe county
were Jerry Freeman, Dennis Thompson, and
Jacob Springsteen, the first two of whom were
appointed upon the recommendation of J. H.
Holdsworth, an active Republican and a friend
of the sitting member; and the last of whom
served in the Union Army during the war, and
swears that he has acted with the Republican
party since itsorganization, and voted for Grant
tor President and for Dyer for Congress. This
board acted together five days, when Freeman
and Thompson, not agreeing with Springsteen
as to the proper method to be pursued, although
a majority of the board, and therefore having
the direction of affairs in their own hands,
abandoned the registration. Mayo thereupon,
after waiting several days, on the recommend-
ation of Springsteen appointed Andrew T.
Scott and II. H. Burnham to take their places.
But the latter, on the first day that he attempted
to serve, heard that he was not eligible because
not registered in 1866, and therefore not a
qualified voter,and he thereupon declined to act.
The minority in their report say that the re-
quirement thata registrar should be a qualified
voter did not require him to be a registered
voter. This is unimportant. Jt is enough that
Burnham thought that to be the law, and that,
after sitting an hour with the board, he refused
to act any further with them. This occurred
between the 11th and 15th of September, 1868 ;
but Burnham was not removed until the 29th
of September, when, as Mayo swears, he had
left the State and gone to Illinois. Orris
W. Pelsus was thereupon appointed in his
place. Scott swears that he voted for Bell for
President in 1800, but for Mr. Lincoln in 1804,
and for General Grant in 1808. Pelsus was a
native of Vermont and a Republican, served
in the Union Army from April, 1802, to August,
1865, and voted for General Grant for Presi-
dent in 1808. None of these removals were
made at the instance of any Democrat, and so
far from furnishing evidence of any corrupt
agreement on the part of Mayo, they seem to
4uniish conclusive evidence to Ihe contrary.
The instructions which Mayo issued to the
board of registration are sworn to have been
similar to those given by the superintendent
of St. Louis, and many other superintendents
in the State to their registrars, and certainly
show a desire on his part that the law should
be carried out.
I ask the Cleric to read from pages 16 and
17 of the evidence the instructions issued by
Mayo; and I ask attention to them as showing
his honest purposes in regard to the registra-
tion.
The Clerk read as follows:
To the Board of Registrars of Monroecounty, Missouri :
The board has a right, under tho law, to examino
tho applicant touching his qualifications as to ago
and residence, and thon to inquire f'romothor sources
whether he has done any of the acts mentioned in
the constitution as causes of disqualification; and if,
from the ovidence, or their own knowledge, they
believo tho applicant disqualified, thoy will placo
his name on tho rejected list; or, if they find that
ho is qualified, they will put his narno on tho list of
qualified voters.
Tho board should bo governed by tho law, and
ought not to bo governed by instructions from other
souroes.
A man offering to register but refusing to tako
tho oath should bo placed on tho rejected list, with
a statement of his oauso of rejection.
„ , , „ CHAKLES F. MAYO,
Superintendent of ueoistration for the
Seventh Senatorial District of Missouri.
Mr. CHURCHILL. Complaints were made
to Mayo by J. H. Holdsworth that Springsteen
and Scott were giving no heed to objections
made to the loyalty of persons offering to regis-
ter, and he demanded their removal. Mayo
at once proposed to send by him a letter call-
ing them to account, which Holdsworth refused
to take. Mayo sent it by mail; and as I think
it furnishes further evidence of the good faith
of Mayo, I will ask the Clerk to read it, and
also the reply of Mayo to the answer of the
registrars, both of which are found on pages
17 and 19 of the printed book.
The Clerk read as follows :
Gkntlhmkn : Reports havo corao to me that objec-
tions liavo been made to persons registering under
you, on account of disloyalty, an# that you " havo
paid no heed to objections." This, 1 regard, is in
violation of tho registration law, and if true X shall
regard it as sufficient causo for your removal.
I think it bost, for you to ask questions, in sub-
staneo, as follows (under oath:) first, aro you ac-
quainted with tho third section of tho socond article
of the constitution of tho State of Missouri; and, if
so, are you disfranchised by any of the clauses in
said section? (If applicant is not acquainted with
it read it to him, and thon propound the question as
before.) Second, as to ago, resideneo, and general
qualifications as voters under the law.
Unless you can give denial of tho charges as boforo
specified your resignation will be acceptable, as my
purpose and aim is to carry out the law and nothing
more.
C1IAKXES P. MAYO,
Superintendent Ueoistration, Seventh
Senatorial JJistrict, Missouri.
Messrs srttincsteex and Jacoi; Scott, members of
board of registration of Monroe comity, Missouri.
Gentlicmrn: The communication of Messrs. Spring-
steen and Scott, of the 5th instant, denying certain
charges made against them to the effect that they
had refused to pay attention to objections mado by
certain parties to persons registering in Monroe
township, together with a communication from
Messrs. Spalding, Yager, Simms, and other Union
soldiers, was received by me this day and the con-
tents of said communications are perfectly satisfac-
tory, evincing, as they do, your purpose of carrying
out tho registration law of the State to the very let-
ter. My desire and determination is that tho law
shall be faithfully carried out in every particular.
You will, therefore, proceed with the registration in
your county, and complete it according to law. A
petition has comc to me stating that tho registry of
voters in Union township was not completed, and
asking an additional day at that point. If you think
it expedient, you will hold a session of the board at
Middle Grove, in said township, on Saturday next,
October 10, for tho purpose of completing the regis-
tration in said township.
Yours, respectfully,
CHARLES 1?. MAYO,
Superintendent fleqistratinn, Seventh
Senatorial District, Missouri*
To Messrs. Springsteen, and Scott, and Pelkcs,
members of board ot registration, Monroe county,
Missouri.
Mr. CI-IURCHILL. The evidence, Mr.
Speaker, entirely fails, in my judgment, to
prove any corrupt agreement on the part of
Mayo, or any action under any such corrupt
agreement. The only evidence claimed as
proving this corrupt agreement is that of Mayo.
He was called by the sitting member for the
purpose of showing the facts which were sup-
posed to prove such a corrupt agreement.
Mayo denies absolutely that there was any
sucli agreement. From this evidence, together
with the evidence with regard to the manner
in which he performed his duties and the in-
structions which he gave to the registrars from
time to time, I am, I think, justified in-saying
that no such corrupt agreement as is claimed
by the minority and by the sitting member has
been proved in this case. But as the registrars
are not bound to follow the directions of the
superintendent, but register upon their own
knowledge and judgment, it will hardly be pre-
tended that, even if such corrupt agreement
existed, it would invalidate the acts of the regis-
trars themselves, if competent men, acting in
good faith and according to law.
And this brings me to the second objection
made by the minority of the committee in their
report, namely:
"2. That the officers of registration did not prop-
erly perform their duties in making the registration."
It is nowhere pretended that they had not all
the qualifications required by the laws of Mis-
souri, or that they were parties to any corrupt
or improper agreement respecting the registra-
tion, or that they had any interest whatever in
making other than a just and legal registra-
tion. _ Their duties as registrars are given in
the ninth section of the registration law of
1868, which I will ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Sec. 9. The board of registration shall have power
to examine, under oath, any person applying for re-
gistration as to his qualifications as a voter, and they
shall, before entering tho name of any person on tho
registry of qualified voters, diligently inquire and
ascertain that ho has not done any of the acts speci-
fied in the constitution as causes of disqualification;
and if from theirown knowledgeor evidence brought
before them they shall be satisfied that any person
seeking registration is disqualified under any pro-
vision of tho constitution, they shall not enter his
name on the list of qualified voters, though he mav
havo taken and subscribed before them the oath of
loyalty aforesaid; but if he has taken and subscribed
such oath, shall enter his name on a separate list of
persons rejected as voters, and in connection with
such entry they shall state the grounds of the rejec-
tion, and they shall also note every appeal from their
decision by making an entry of the fact opposite the
name of the party taking such appeal. The board
of registration, or any member thereof, shall have
power to administer oaths to all parties appearing
before them for registration or as witnesses."
Mr. CHURCHILL. One of the duties, and
one of the most important of the duties of the
boaid, it will be observed, under this law, was
diligently to inquire and ascertain whether a
person offering himself for registration has
done any of the acts which are specified in the
constitution of Missouri as causes of disquali- '
fieation.
The minority in their report charge the regis-
trars with neglecting their duties because they
did not summon witnesses with regard to tho
loyalty of the persons applying for legistration.
The law does not make it their duty so to do.
It requires that they shall diligently inquire
and ascertain that the party has not done any
of the acts specified in the constitution as
causes of disqualification. But it points out
two sources from which this information may
be obtained, the party himself, and witnesses,
and provides for administering oaths to both
classes; and the registrars may resort to either
or both, in their discretion. That this diligent
inquiry was made of each person applying for
registration in the county of Monroe appeal s
from the evidence of the registrars themselves,
and which stands entirely uncontradicted in
this case.
I ask the Clerk to read from Miscellaneous
Document ISio. 113 containing the papers in the
case, an extract from the ailidavit of Jacob
Springsteen, member of the board of registra-
tion from Monroe county.
The Clerk read as follows:
*!5a' i?11 persons making applications to regis-
ter weic first sworn to answer questions: and, after
,,r1n,!t'h- i they were Acquainted with the term J
ul the thud tectum ot the second avlicle of the cun«
