1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4363
the Senate with amendments, and the Senate
litis had no opportunity to vote on those amend-
ments. la it not premature to ask a confer-
ence ?
Mr. DAWES. Oh no ; if they choose they
can decline to appoint a committee of confer-
ence.
Mr. FAliNSWQBTII. I think it would
have been better to await the action of the
Senate before asking a committee of coufer-
Tiie SPEAKER. The Chair will remark
that in cases involving so many points of dif-
ference between the two Houses as in the
appropriation bill just passed the Chair would
deem it to be his duty to appoint a committee
of conference with reference to what may be
called the leading points, those involving the
heaviest appropriations; and as in this case those
points appear to bo the appropriations for the
new State Department and for the extension
of the Capitol grounds, involving $1,000,000,
the Choir will appoint a committee on the
basis of that difference, selecting gentlemen
who represent the House upon those questions.
The Chair announces the following as the com-
mittee of conference on the part of the House :
Mr. Dawes of Massachusetts, Mr. Niblack
of Indiana, and Mr. Logax of Illinois.
SCHOONER SIBYL.
On motion of Mr. DAWES, by unanimous
consent, the bill (S. No. 88) to carry into effect
a decree of the district court of the United
States for the southern district of New \ork
in the ease of the English schooner Sibyl and
her cargo was taken from the Speaker'•> table,
read alirst and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Appropriations.
SClIOONKlt FLYING scud.
On motion of Mr. DAWES, also by unani-
mous consent, the bill (S. No. 80) to carry into
effect a decree of the district court of the Uni-
ted States for the district of Louisiana in the
case of the British schooner Flying Scud and
her cargo was taken from the Speaker's table,
read a first and second time, and refeired to
the Committee on Appropriations.
JUNCTION' AND MIEAKWAMR JlAILliOAD.
On motion of Mr. BECK, by unanimous con-
sent, the bill (S. No. 888) to aid the Junction
and Breakwater Railroad Companym theState
of Delaware to construct, in connection with
said road, a pier in the Delaware bay, at or
near Lewes, in Sussex county, and State of
Delaware, was taken from the Speaker s table,
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Appropriations.
POLICE COURT FOlt DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. COOK. I ask unanimous consent to
have a correction made in the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses in relation to the
police court bill for the District of Columbia.
It is a mere clerical error. In line eighteen
of section seventeen, after the word ' "ls>' "ie
word.-, "cleric hire, not exceeding $1,200 per
annum," were accidentally omitted. 1 desire
unanimous consent that the error may be cor-
rected. .
There was no objection; and n was so
ordered.
army bill.
Mr. LOGAN. I submit a privileged report
from a committee of conference on the Army
bill, which 1 ask may be now read.
The Clerk began the reading, but before ho
had concluded, ,
Mv. ELDRIDGE sa:d : Would it not a.nswei
the nurpose of the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr' Looan] just as well to have this report
unii'ed, and let it go o-er till Monday next?
Mr LO&AN. This subject nas already been
fuflv discussed here. There is notasohtaiy
provision in tins report that has not tic-en
before the House and tne country for tore.)
months; not one. There are one or two sec-
tions stricken out of the House bill, and some
few sections of the Senate bill added.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Iam inclined to think
it would facilitate the passage of this bill to
take the course I have indicated. It is now j
late, nearly four o'clock. i
Mr. LOGAN 1 know that; but there are
certain reasons why I desire to ha.ve this report
acted on to-day. I expect to leave this city
on Monday ; I do not know that I shall do so,
but I wish to do so if I can.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I would suggest that
the gentleman explain briefly the effect of the
report, instead of having it read.
Mr. LOGAN. I will explain it if necessary ;
but it will not take ten minutes to complete the
reading of it.
Mr. ALLISON. I hope the gentleman will
explain it; it, looks like a long report.
Air. ELDRIDGE. The House bill provided
for an Army of twenty-five thousand men ; the
Senate bill, for an Army of thirty thousand. I
would like to ask the gentleman 
Mr. LOGAN. I can tell the gentleman, with-
out further inquiry, that, he is mistaken. JTie
House bill did riot provide anything at all about
the number of men in the Army.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The effect of the House
bill was to provide for an Army of twenty-five
thousand men.
Mr. LOGAN. Not at all; that is a mistake.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then it is a very general
mistake.
Mr. PAINE. I hope the report will be read.
Mr. LOGAN, it will not take long to com-
plete the reading of the report.
The. Clerk resumed and concluded the read-
ing of the report, which was as follows:
The committee of eonfeienee on the disagreeing:
vote:-of the two Houses on House bill No.UST, entlit led
"Ail act, to icduce (ho number of officers in the Army
of the United States, and lor other purposes, bav-
ins nut, after lull and tree conference hayo agreed
to recommend, and do hereby recommend, to their
respective Houses as iollows: .
Thai the House recede fiom their disagreement to
the amendment of the Seriate, and njsroe to the same
with the lollowins amendment, namely:
Strike out allot the Senate amendment after mo
word " th.it,where it lirst occuiv, and insert m lieu
thereof tho following:
The President be. and he is hereby, authomedand
directed, ou or before Uic 3>t day of July, lb/1. to
reduce the number of enl^red. men in the Army to
thirty thousand, and thcieafrer there shall be no
more than thirty thousand enlisted men m the Army
at any one time unless otherwise ordered by Jaw
vSi-o L! And be it fu) th^r cn<tc'cdt ihat the I resident
be, and lie I? hereby, authorized, at Jus (lis. return,
honorably to discharge hom the service of tho Uni-
ted States officers of ihe Army who may apply there-
tor on or belorc the 1st of January next; and fuch
officers so discharged under the provisions ot t his act
shall be entitled to rccoive, in addition to tho pny
ji.nd allowances duo them at the date oi their dis-
charge. one year's pay and allowances.
Seu. 3. And be if further < nnctcd* ih.it the President
behind he is hereby, authorized, at his discretion,
to place on the retired list of the Army, on tneirown
application, any commissioned officer? who have been
thirty years m the scrviee, and the officers who may
b" retired by virtue of this Fcction shall be emptied
to the same pay and emolument^ as are now allowed
or may hereafter bo allowed to officers retired iioui
active service. ,
And beit. further evneje.d, ihat theprows-o
of "the sixteenth sect-ion ot the act approved August
:> 1801 limiting the number of officers on the retired
list to eeven percent, of the whole number ol exist-
in" officers be, and the same is lieieby, repeated;
and herealter the number of olncors who nnv bo
retired in accordance with oxistini? laws shnl b> m
the discretion ol the Present: / Vofm[el, ihat U.t,
whole number on the reiiied list shall at no tiuie
That the office,
of G-eneral and Lieutenant General ot the Ai my
continue until ,i vacancy shall ocxur in the bamo
and no longer: and when Mien vacancy tha.ll occur
in cither of said offices, immeuiatoty thereupon all
laws and parts of laws c; catui'-c said oinoe Hum oc-
couie inoperative, and ?ball, bv virtue oi Uu-, act,
from thenceforward be held to be repealed.
Sec. 6. A)td be it further cnucfcl, iaat no appoint-
ment to the pra.de of majoi general shall be m^do
until the number of officer^ of that grade i < reduced
below thiec, aitcr which the number ui nvijor gen-
eral* sluU not. exceed throe.
Sijec.T. Av.dh-itfmthcrovctcd, 'Ihat no npi'Oint-
rnu.it to t!io grade of brutadier sener.tl ;>hull be m..uo
until the nuribrr of otiiccrs ol that grade is lcducctl
beiowsix; fllterv/hieh the number ot oiigadicrpen
cral^ ohall n<>t exceed pix. , r
Sre. A,id. ^ itjurthcr enacted, 'innt the gi-^uo ot
regimental
lueut.s u lie
holding the appointments of regimental commissa ry
may be assigned for duty to companies of their regi-
ments, and shall fill tho first vacancies that may
occur in their respective grades of first or second
lieutenant in the regiments to which they now bo-
long; and nothing herein contained shall affect their
relative rank with other lieutenants of tkoir gra-do.
Skc. 0. And be it further enacted. That the grades of
regimental commissary sergeant and regimental hos-
pital steward are hereby abolished. Thenumber of
corporals in each company of cavalry, artillery, and
infantry shall bo reduced to four; and the said non-
commissioned officers shall havo tho privilege of re-
ceiving an honorable discharge, with full pay and
allowances to the actual date thereof, if they shall
so elect, in preference to remaining in the sorviee m
such other grades as may be assigned to thein by the
Secretary oi' War.
Sec, 10, And be it further enacted, That tho General
of tho Army, commanding officers of thesovoral mil-
itary departments, and chiefs of tho several staff
departments of tho Army, shall, as soon as practieabl e
after the passageof this act, forward to the Secretary
of "War a list of oJOcers serving in their respective com-
mands deemed by them unfit for the proper discharge
of thoir duties from any cause exceptinjuries incurred
or disease contracted in tho line of their duty, setting
forth specilically in each case the causoofsuch unfit-
ness. ThoSocretaryof Waris hercbyautborizodanA
directed toconstitutea board to consist of one major
general, ono brigadier general, and three colonels,
throo of said officers to be selected from among thoso
appointed to tho regular Army, on account of dis-
tinguished services in tho volunteer force during tho
late war; and on recommendation of such board the
President may wholly retire any of thesaid officers so
reported with one year's pay. But such retirement
shall not be ordeied without allowing such officer a
hearing before such board to show cause agamst Jt.
Skc. 11. And be it. further enacted, That the 1 resi-
dent is hereby authorized to transfer officers from
the regiments of cavalry, artillery, and infantry to
the list of supernumeraries, and all vacancies now
existing, or which may occur prior to the 1st day of
January next in the cavalry, artillerv, or infantry
by reason of such transfers, or from othercau^es. sh -s II
be filled in due proportion by tho supernumerary
officers, having refoieuce to rank and seniority
provided in existing law regulating promotions in
tho Army. And if any supernumerary officers shall
remain alter the 1st day of January next they shall
bo honorably inubtered out of tho sorviee with ono
year's pay and allowances: Provided, That vacan-
cies now existing in tho grade of second lieutenant,
or which may occur prior to said date, may be hi led
by the assignment of supernumerary fust lieuten-
ants or officers of higher grades, who, when to as-
signed, shall rank as second lieutenants, providing
said officers shall picfer to be so assigned instead oi
being mustered out under the provisions of this sec-
tion; and officers so assigned shall take rank from
the date of their oiiginal entry into the service.
SEC 1-. And be it further maetcd, That tho protes-
ts ot the United States Military Academy whose
service m tho Army and at tho Academy exeoeda
thirty-five years shall have the pay of colonel, and
those whose like service is less than thirty-live but
exceeds twculy-hveyeais Mm 11 havethe pay ol lieu-
tenant colonel. arid all other professors shall havo
the pavof major; and hereafter thereshall be allowed
and paid to said protessors ten per cent, ol tncir cur-
rent yearly pay for each and evej vteim of hvoyears
continuous service: J'rovided, That such addition
shall in no case exceed forty per cent, oi said yearly
pay: and said proles^ors are hereby placed upon tho
same footing as regards retirement from active service
as officers of tho Army. 7 fn, , 1T ,
Sec. 1.3. And be it further ennotcd, That the pay and
allowances of tho enlisted men of tho Army shall
icm.iin as now fixed by law until the oUtu oi .Juno,
1ST] • and it shall be unlawful for any officer to use
any enlisted man as a servant in any case whatever.
ftuo. 14. And be it further enacted, # sccUon
two of the act entitled "An act making appropri-
ations for thesupporfc of the Army for the year end-
ing June 30, 38(58, and for other purposes, appioved
March 2, 1807, be, and tho same is hereby, lepeated.
Sp.o. 15. And be itjuilhercnuclnd. 1 hat all military
storekeepers in the guartermaster s and ordnance!
departments, and all medical storekeepers, shall bo
mustered out of the service o.i the Ut uay ol .Jannaiy
next, and shall rcceivo the additional pay and allow-
ance^ provided in this act for other olh< era musti-rett
out - and tho offices of military storekeeper and med-
ical storekeeper sha.ll be abolished alter said date.
Si"*1 lb And, be it J to thcr eiwefed, Laat herctiucr
no o'llK er'slmll boonlulod to we.ir :i nj umfoni) ol ,x-r
i h-in thiitot lii-i actual ljuk, on account of fiavuis
been breveted; nor shall he be addressed m on cid
or official coiuiiiuiuc.itions by .my title ottior tn.ui
th::l of i i i i i.i'! rank: ami in no case snail brevet
rank be eon-lrucil to give actual rank, or cntiuo an
11 officer to any 1> iy, allowances, or assignment to duty
!| s i i7 ' .1 n<'■ be it further marted, That the Iics-
|i Went of the United State! be, and he is Uwcbj,Ba-
' ! liorizcd to drop fi om the rolls of tho Army Sor
tion any olacor who is now, who may hcrealtor be.
absent from duty three months without 1^
j an; otiieer
'jcs due
n;iss;,rv hi the sever.i.i eavahy li'tcs-
.vbeliohed; and tho lieutenants now
^«S<ip=^haU;^,ta]jpay dall--
„r to become due, and shall not be eJi„ibl .
IT&U farther e^LTl^ officer
fluill hereafter f ^X^iaminanon W.,..a
ti rim m r;u,k-
... },„ Siat it shall not
Kko. 19. Ami belt
