1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5307
stitution of the State of Missouri, adopted in they ear
1865, were then catechised in detail, to ascertain
■whether they had done any of the acts named in
said section. And in all cases, when there was any
hesitation in persons applying for registration in
answering all the questions propounded, the name
of the applicant was placed on the rejected list. And
in all cases in which the hoard had any evidence that
the party had been guilty of any of the acts speci-
fied in said section, they were placed on the rejected
list."
Mr. CHURCHILL. I ask the Clerk to read
next from page 20, the evidence of Jacob
Springsteen, who, as I have said, was one of
the members of the board of registration.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Question. What was the mode of proceeding?
"Answer. If a person applied for registration he
was first sworn to answer questions. If I thought it
necessary I would ask him his age in the first place.
Next would be his residence in the county, unless I
was well acquainted with him. Next question, are
you well acquainted with the terms of the third sec-
tion of the second article of the constitution of the
State of Missouri? If they stated that they were not
I read it to them. If they stated that they were I
asked them if they had ever committed any of the
acts in that section, specified as a cause of disquali-
fication. If they stated that they had they were
placed upon the rejected list. If they stated that
they had not I would ask them if they had never given
any aid or comfort to the rebellion. If they stated
they had not, the question was, did you ever enroll,
and how did you enroll? If they stated they had
enrolled as disloyal or southern sympathizers they
were placed upon tho rejected list. If they stated
that they enrolled as loyal they were generally regis-
tered if they answered the questions satisfactorily
and would take the oath of loyalty."
Mr. CHURCHILL. I now ask the Clerk to
read from page 23 of the same book from the
evidence of O. W. Pelsus, who was also one
of the board of registration for the county of
Monroe.
The Clerk read as follows:
"That Jacob Springsteen was chairman of the
board and conducted said registration under instruc-
tions received from Captain Mayo; that ail persons
making application to register were first sworn to
answer questions, and after being asked if th ey were
acquainted with the terms of the third section, sec-
ond article, of the constitution of the State of Mis-
souri, adopted in the year 18G5, were then catechised
in detail to ascertain that they had nat done any of
the acts named in said section, and especially were
the questions asked as to whethersuchapplicanthad
taken up arras against the United States, or to the
lawful authorities thereof, or to the government of
this State, or had ever given aid, countenance, or
support to any persons engaged in hostility thereto,
or had ever left the State for the purpose of avoid-
ing enrollment into tho military service of the Uni-
ted States, or had desired the triumph of the rebel-
lion over tho arms of the United States, or had any
sympathy with those engaged in the rebellion, and
if he had ever enrolled, and if so, how, and in all
cases where there was any hesitation in persons ap-
plying for registration in answering any and all
questions propounded, tho name of the applicant
was yiaced upon the rejected list, and in all cases
where it could be reasonably gathered from the
answers of the applicant that he was not entitled to
be registered as a qualified voter under the law, his
name was placed upon tho rejected list, a.nd in cases
in which the board had doubt as to the right of the
applicant to be placed on tho qualified list, more
questions were asked than were embraced in the
instructions of the superintendent."
Mr. CHURCHILL. Now, Mr. Speaker,
this evidence certainly shows a substantial
compliance with the law, and in the absence
of any evidence of bad faith on the part of the
registers, which is entirely wantkig, makes their
registration a legal one. That their registra-
tion was a discriminating one appears from the
fact that out of 2,000 persona applying for
registration, over 400 were rejected, not at
their own request, as is claimed by the minor-
ity of the committee in their report, but upon
the examination to which they were subjected.
The second objection, therefore, is not sus-
tained by the evidence in the case.
This brings us to the third objection, namely:
Third. That the number of persons regis-
tered iu Monroe county was largely in excess
of tho number of qualified voters in the county.
The number of white males in the county of
M onroe is variously estimated. James 0wenby,
the sheriff' of the county, thinks he had the
names of 3,500 white males over twenty-one
years old on his tax-books, some of whom are
non-residents of the county. The number of
votes cast at the election in I860 was over
2,"00. It ij estimated by one witness that
600 voters in the county had become of age
or moved into the county since the war. 'From
all the evidence it would seem that the white
males in the county over twenty-one years of
age numbered about 3,000. As only 1,652 were
registered in this county at the registration in
the fall of 1868 as qualified voters, and as only
2,066 appear to have applied for registration, it
would seem that one third of the number of per-
sons of proper age to vote did not apply at all,
and that only about one half of the males in the
county of proper age were registered as quali-
fied. As each of the persons so registered took
the oath of loyalty, by which he swore that he
had done none of the acts named as causes of
disqualification in the constitution of Missouri,
and also answered satisfactorily under oath the
questions put to him by the registrars, as ap-
pears from their testimony, their statement
must be taken as true, and cannot be over-
come by general estimates of the number of
loyal men in the county. It is upon these
general estimates, sworn to by various wit-
nesses called by the sitting member, that the
minority in great part rely, although two of
these witnesses, and among the most intelli-
gent—Dennis Thompson and Ezekiel Vincent,
both registrars in 1866—when asked the ques-
tion, say that their estimate of five to six hun-
dred legal voters in the county was mere guess-
work.
But by the law and the constitution of Mis-
souri it was made the duty of any persons who
desired to object to persons offering for regis-
tration to make their objection before the board
of registration, and by the constitution of Mis-
souri the registration itself when made is final.
.That such objection were made appears to have
been the case only in three of the counties of
this district. The Union men, the opponents
of the contestant in this case, for what reason
does not appear, do not seem to have pressed
their objections to the registration of parties
in the county of Monroe. In the town of Mon-
roe it appears that Jacob W. Cupp objected to
twelve persons who had already been regis-
tered, and they were notified to appear before
the board of review to show cause why their
names should not be stricken from the list of
qualified voters. But Cupp failed to make his
appearance before that board, and no objec-
tion being made, therefore, to these persons
they were allowed to remain upon the list. In
the town of Woodloan it appears that Ezekiel
Vincent also made some objections which were
heeded by the board, and the persons to whom
he objected were rejected. It appears that no
objections were made except those made by
Ezekiel Vincent. And it would appear from
the evidence in the case that on the evidence
which he produced all the persons so objected
to by him were rejected, with perhaps a single
exception. These objections having'eitherbeen
made, and if made fairly considered, as they
appear to have been by the board of registration
of the county, or else having been waived by
the parlies on appearing before the board of
registration, with a view to make or to press
their objections, the registration then becomes
by the constitution and laws of Missouri final,
and itself is tho best and the only evidence as
to who are entitled to vote in the county of
Monroe.
It is urged that the registration of 1866 showed
a very much less number of qualified voters
than the registration of 1868, and that there-
fore the latter registration must have been a
dishonest one. But it must be remembered
that the registration of 1866 is as much to be
tried by the registration of 1868 as is the regis-
tration of 18G8 by that of 1866. By the con-
stitution and laws of Missouri the registrars in
each of the counties of the State are permitted
a very wide discretion. They are permitted to
reject or register upon their own knowledge—
yes, upon their own caprice—as to the matter
of fact; and their conclusions arc final, because
by express provision of the statute any court
of the Stale is permitted either to strike oil' from
the board of registration or to add to it any
name whatsoever. So far, then, as the regis-
tration of 1868 was in excess of the registration
of 1866, or so far as any evidence is produced
to show that it was in excess of the qualifie'd
voters of the county, we say that the evidence)
fails to establish the fact, and that it must, sol
far as that evidence is concerned, stand. 5
But the House always with great hesitation
rejects the votes of any district, or precinct,
or county. To reject the vote of an entire
territory is necessarily to reject the votes of
the qualified voters, as well as of the unquali-
fied votes; and therefore, if the evidence shows
that the ballot-box is susceptible of purifica-
tion, even though it appears that dishonest
votes found their way into the ballot-box, the
vote of the district will not be rejected.
Now, sir, the evidence in this case shows that
the ballot-box is sus#eptible of complete puri-
fication. By the laws of the State of Missouri
the name of every voter is entered upon the
list kept by the clerk of election, with a num-
ber entered against it, and a corresponding
number is put upon the ballot itself. The bal-
lots are by law required to be preserved, and
when produced, as they may be according to
the law, in all cases ot contested elections, it
is possible to find the vote of each individual
who voted, and the persons for whom his vote
was given. In the case of the county of Mon-
roe these ballots were produced. They were
put into the hands of the sitting member. He
was permitted to select, and did select from
them every vote given for him; and having done
that, he had remaining in his hands the entire
list of voters in that county who voted for this
contestant. And if there was any one of them
who did not possess the qualifications required
by law it was competent for him, and he could
call the whole power of the United States to
his assistance, if necessary, to produce evidence
to show that the votes given for the contestant
were given by unqualified voters. No such
attempt was made. There is not a particle of
evidence, from the commencement to the close
of this case, to show that a single vote was
fiven for the contestant by a person not quali-
ed to vote under the constitution and laws of
Missouri.
These facts, we submit, are fatal to the claim
of the sitting member in this case that this vote
should be rejected ; and if it be not rejected,
why then it is conceded by the minority of the
committee that upon all the evidence in the
case the contestant is entitled to a seat.
Mr. CESSNA. Before proceeding, I desiro
to make an inquiry.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to know of the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Chcrciiill]
what length of time he proposes to allow for
this debate?
Mr. CESSNA. I was about to raise that
very question.
Mr. CHURCHILL. After the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cessna] shall have
closed his speech I propose to move the pre-
vious question and divide the hour between the
two parties.
Mr. CESSNA. As I understand it, we were
to have one hour upon each side, and at the
end of that time the previous question was to
be called, and then the last hour was to bo
divided, so as to make us equal, each one hav-
ing an hour and a half.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I stated before the
debate opened that I would go through my own
statement of the case, that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania would then present his case, and
that after that I would call the previous ques-
tion and divide the closing hour fairly. s
Mr. CESSNA. That was not my under-
standing at all, and I have promised a large
part of my time to othtn gentlemen. 1 shall
insist on the original agreement, and that was
that one hour should be given to each side.
Mr. CHURCHILL. 1 cannot agree to that.
1 did not understand that any such agreement
wais made.
