1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
219
majority here should pass this bill if it is to be
passed, and of course I suppose it is to be, and
that is that it is necessary to insure the adop-
tion of the fifteenth amendment.
The Senator from Wisconsin and the Senator
from New York who addressed us this after-
noon, while they do not see the same neces-
sity that the Senator from Indiana does for
putting this amendment upon the bill, are yet
willing to agree with the Senator from Indiana
that their purpose and their intent are the same
with him, and that this whole bill is intended
to secure the adoption of the fifteenth amend-
ment i ''for," saystheSenatorfrom Wisconsin,
■'never so long as I hold a seat in this body
will I admit a Senator from the State of Geor-
gia till she adopts the fifteenth amendment."
The Senator from New York said nearly the
same. The Senator from Vermont yesterday
when I asked him what would become of the
ratification of Georgia if under his proposition
Congress should still not admit Georgia to rep-
resentation declined to answer. Who questions
but that if Georgia should ratify the amend-
ment under the bill proposed by the commit-
tee and still the Representatives and Senators
of the State should not be admitted under the
general discretion of Congress, yet the vote of
Georgia would be counted as a ratification ?
So that from what has been said thus far in the
discussion of this bill I take it that the whole
object and purpose of the bill are nothing more
and nothing less than to secure the adoption
of the fifteenth amendment, and I think I am
not wrong in assuming that as established by
this discussion.
Now, what I shall have to say is chiefly in
regard to the pending amendment; but before
I come to that I will say a word! or two in
regard to the provisions of the bill itself. And
what I shall say on that is suggested by what
was said this afternoon by the Senator from
Connecticut [Mr. Ferry] and the Senator
from New York, [Mr. Conkling.] The Sen-
ator from Connecticut was apprehensive that
if in the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Indiana the requirement of a ratification
of the fourteenth amendment of the Constitu-
tion was retained there might be a question
as to the validity of tho ratification of that
amendment, and whether it was now a part of
the Constitution. I find, on looking at the rec-
ord, that on the 25th day of June, 18G8, the
Congress of the United States passed an act
reciting that whereas among other States tho
State of Georgia had adopted the fourteenth
amendment, and had conformed to tho recon-
struction laws, she was entitled to representa-
tion in Congress, and upon tho passage of that
act Representatives were admitted in the other
House. Senators were not admitted hero
because of the objection, perhaps my friend
from. Missouri [Mr. Drake] would say, that
he made to their admission. On the 28th of
June, X868, the Secretary of State, in pursu-
ance of this act of Congress, issued his proc-
lamation declaring the fourteenth amendment
ratified.
I call the attention of the Senate and the
country to this point, that if Georgia on the
25th day of June last was a State in this Union
to ratify an amendment to the Constitution, it
is to-day a State in this Union. If on tho '25th
day of June last tho Congress of tho United
States declared by solemn enactment that
Georgia was a State in this Union sufficient to
ratify an amendment to the Constitution,
Georgia is to-day a State in this Union; and by
what power, what right, what authority do you
sit here to-night legislating for the purpose of
perfecting the reconstruction of the State of
Georgia ? It does not lie in the mouth of Con-
gress to say that Georgia is not now a State in
this Union just as much as the State of Ohio,
or Indiana, or any other State. You might
just as well say that because the State of Ohio
rejected the fifteenth amendment last winter
by its Legislature that State needs reconstruct-
ing. and you will call together the Legislature
that was elected a year or two years before
and require them to ratify this fifteenth amend-
ment, else their Senators shall not hold their
seats in this body.
But, Mr. President, I am not citing this for
the purpose of showing the inconsistency of
these reconstruction measures, nor to show the
inconsistency of Congress in its action in re-
gard to the southern States. I am only citing
it to establish the fact that by all the political
departments of the Government, executive and
legislative, Georgia has been recognized as a
State of the Union—recognized to the extent
that she can participate in amending, chang-
ing, and modifying the fundamental law, the
supreme law of the land. When she can do
that, when she is enough of a State of this
Union to do that, hy what right, by what au-
thority, by what power, and wherein do you
find your justification for reconstructing and
reorganizing Georgia?
I care nothing so far as this bill or the amend-
ment of the Senator from Indiana is concerned
about Georgia. It is not Georgia alone that is
interested. Georgia is but a very small por-
tion of the territory of this country, ana its
people are but very insignificant in numbers
compared with the whole population. It is
the principle that after the State of Georgia
has been recognized and readmitted, if you
please, into this Union so far as to act upon a
constitutional amendment Congress can no
more reconstruct and reorganize her than it
can reconstruct or reorganize any other State.
If you can thus reconstruct and reorganize
Georgia, why may you not reconstruct and re-
organize any other State in the Union? If this
measure may be justified because of tho con-
dition of affairs in Georgia, becauso of the
disturbed state of society there, because of the
lawlessness and disorder there, why may you
not take tho State of Minnesota and becauso
of its lawlessness and its social disorder re-
construct it? The Senatorfrom Oregon says
ho believes that when tho people of Georgiu
showod themselves so wanting in all the pro-
prieties^ political and civil life—I do not
quote his words, of course, but the idea—when
society was so disorganized that person and
property were not safe, the General Govern-
ment ought to stretch out its arm and restore
order. Sir, I have seen the time in the State
of Minnesota when lawlessness and disorder
prevailed there to a greater extent than I be-
lievo they now exist in Georgia, and yet no
one came to Congress and asked tlienito reach
out their arms to repress it; and if they had
they would have been laughed at.
So much, sir, for the general provisions of
the bill and its general effect and tenor.
I admit that in consistency and to follow out
and carry out to its legitimate results the re-
i construction policy of Congress, as it is called,
this bill is legitimate; but 1 agree with theSen-
j; a tor from Vermont that, you do not in this bill
go far enough to preserve to the fullest extent
; your consistency. You go upon the idea that
I the Constitution of the United States and its
j guarantees for the protection of life and liber-
; ty, person and property, are not operative in
I certain States, and that you may by force of
, enactments of Congress establish there mili-
; tary or any other governments you please. Now,
j I say that, in pursuance of tho theory 1 would
i go with the Senator from Vermont, and I
; would depose your Governor Bullock; I would
j depose your Legislature and your judges and
your courts, and I would make it a military
despotism in truth and in fact. That is the
legitimate and the consistent result or course
of your reconstruction measures. The times,
perhaps, may not justify or warrant it. That
is not for me to consider. But when gentlemen
talk about consistency, and reproach each other
about the theories of these reconstruction acts
and the desire to be consistent with them, I
suggest to them that they should go the full
length, becauso if the theory and the idea upon
which you started out was a true and a sound one
you may go with the utmost propriety to the
extent of deposing all civil authority in Geor-
gia and establishing there your military courts
and your military tribunals.
So much for the provisions of the bill itself.
I do not care to go into the details of it,,
because I know it would be idle to discuss
them;"and the mere matter of criticising tho
consistency of the different acts of Congress
and the consistency of individual Senators has
but little weight, because in the progress of
the civilization of the age, as my friend from
Indiana would say, we have got to that point
that we are " educated up" to a higher plane.
But I desire to call attention for a moment
to this particular amendment proposed by the
Senator from Indiana. The amendment pro-
posed by him is to strike out the eighth sec-
tion and to insert:
That the Legislature shall bo provisional only,
and until after it has ratified the fourteenth and
fiftoonth amendments to the Constitution of tho
United States, and Senators and Representatives
in Congress from the State of Georgia have been
admittod to their seats.
I shall not detain the Senate for a single
moment to discuss or to say anything about
this subject of amending the Constitution,
amending the fundamental law. The States
throughout the Union generally in thfcir con-
stitutions adopted a provision analogous to the
provision of the Constitution of the United
States, declaring that when three fourths of the
States should ratify an amendment it should
become a part of the Constitution. But in
later years, in the heat of party strife and party
contests, amendments were allowed to be made
more frequently, and the newer States, the
more western States, now provide that amend-
ments shall be made after being twice sub-
mitted to the people by two successive Legis-
latures, some of them requiring two votes of
the people and some only one; all showing that
the tendency of the time is to change the fund-
amental law easily and frequently, as this or
that party may be in power in the legislatives
branch of the Government. Butif this amend-
ment of the Senator from Indiana should bo
adopted by the Senate the country and the
world will see that by force, by compulsion,
the fundamental law, the Constitution of the
United States, tho supreme law of a constitu-
tional government may be changed. I say
this will be a precedent. We have had instances
enough during tho course of this discussion as
to what a precedent amounts to. Senators are
trying to conform themselves to the reconstruc-
tion acts, or the acts that have preceded this
one, for the purpose of preserving consistency,
and tliey plant themselves on a precedent.
Why, sir, at the last session, as I said then, and
I say it again, the Senator from Oregon actually
taunted the Senator from Indiana "with wantof
consistency, because he had voted for these
reconstruction measures in that he insisted
that the Constitution operated in the southern
! States, and if it did how could the Senatorfrom
j Indiana be consistent in that vote?
How, then, may this be taken as sj. precedent?
Let us see. Wo have now the Territories of
Wyoming, Idaho, Montana, Arizona, Wash-
ington, Utah six : I do not know how many
more we may have. Suppose, if you please,
that the fifteenth amendment during this ses-
sion of Congress should be found to have failed
for the want of the ratification of two States;
you then may just as well say to Idaho and
Montana, who want to be admitted now, and
to Colorado, that has been knocking at the
doors of your Chamber for three years past,
' If you will ratify this fifteenth amendment
we will admit you as a State into the Union,
and your Senators and Representatives may
have their seats and their places in the respect-
ive Halls of Congress;" but to make sure of
it you will submit it to them before they are
admitted. You would then have the spectacle
of an amendment to the Constitution presented
to the Legislature of the Territory of Colorado,
and the Legislature of the Territory of Wyom-
