1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3419
Vermont [Mr. Smith} states. The reason for
the insertion of it here is that the Committee
of Ways and Means thought it. proper to insert |
a proviso which has not heretofore been in the i
law, that animals specially imported for breed- j
i g purposes shall be admitted free upon proof ;
of that fact. Now, there is a great deal of j
truth in what the gentleman says in regard to j
the difference in the degree of protection which
has been afforded heretofore and now upon
farming products and upon manufactured arti-
cles. It so happens that with regard to live
animals there was no proper protection until
1866, and then an act was passed putting the
duty at 20 per cent. I have my doubts whether
20 per cent, is enough. I am willing for one
to vote for the proposition of the gentleman
from Vermont, [Mr. Smith,] because I believe
a large number of these animals are brought
into Canada for the purpose of being imported
into our country, competing with the animals
raised upon our own farms.
I do not, therefore, feel disposed to oppose
the amendment in that view. I simply wish
to explain the reason for introducing this pro-
vision in this bill imposing the same duty that
is imposed by the existing law. Inasmuch as
no communication was made to the Committee
of Ways and Means asking for a higher protec-
tion, we introduced this provision in this bill
in order to add to it a proviso that animals im-
ported solely for breeding purposes should be
admitted free of duty.
Mr. BLAIR. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last word for the pur-
pose of making a single remark. I noticed
particularly the charge made by the gentleman
from Vermont, [Mr. Smith,] that we are not
protecting agricultural products at the same
rate that we are protecting manufactured arti-
cles. Sir, there is a plain reason for that;
they do not need it. The reason for affording
any protection at all is the necessity of enabling
our manufacturers to enter into a fair com-
petition with those engaged in manufactures
abroad. Manufactured articles are transported
from foreign countries to this with very slight
expense. It costs but little to bring a yard of
woolen or a yard of cotton to this country from
Europe; next to nothing. But to bring cattle
here in competition with us is an impossibility.
The very cost of transportation is abundant
protection.
This question, therefore, of any protection
at all upon agricultural products, is a neces-
sity only along the line between us and the
Canadas, for there is no competition in these
things from anywhere else. We have found
that the little protection which has been here-
tofore given has been sufficient for that pur-
pose. I venture to say that the farmers along
the line have never asked us to increase the
amount of protection they now receive. There
has been no petition or request presented to
this House or referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, that I know of, from the
farmers along the line asking for an increase
of this protection. I am willing to give them
protection to the extent necessary to enable
them to compete successfully with the farmers
on the other side of the line; but not more
than that. If the gentleman will show me that
they need it, I will go with him. I know some-
thing about that line from my own State. I
hear no complaint there that this protection is
not abundantly sufficient, and therefore I shall
vote for the duty as proposed by this bill.
Mr. WILLARD. I had occasion somedays
ago, when the tariff was under discussion, to
say that the protection of particular interests
only was not a fair system of protection ; that
protection could only be justified when it is
given to all branches of American industry
which need it in order to enable them to com-
pete with foreign industries of a similar kind.
The gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Blair]
tells the Committee of the Whole that he
thinks 20 percent, is protection enough upon
the cattle-growing interest of thiscouhtry. I
do not know but 20 per cent, would be suffi-
cient protection for the cattle-growers of Texas,
so iar as foreign competition is concerned.
But 20 per cent, is not sufficient protection for
the cattle-growers along the northern line of
the United States, to enable thein to compete
with the cattle-growers of Canada, where both
farms and labor are cheaper than in the States.
It is that competition, if any, that is to be pro-
tected against. It is only the importation from
Canada that is to be considered in this discus-
sion. Cattle are not imported from Europe
into this country for beef. But live animals
for beef and for other purposes are brought in
large quantities from Canada into this coun-
try, and they come in competition with the
cattle grown in the United States, in the New
England States, in New York, and elsewhere
along the border.
Now, sir, if protection is good for anything,
it is good for a case like this. If the manu-
facturing interests of this country are to be
protected against cheap foreign labor and cheap
foreign capital, the farming interests of the
country ought also to be protected against simi-
lar cheap labor and capital. Tbey ought to be
protected wherever there is any need of that
protection, in order that they may be able to
compete with the productions of the farms of
Canada and other foreign countries. The gen-
tleman from Michigan [Mr. Blair] has said
that the farmers of this country have not asked
this increase of duty. Well, sir, I know the
farming interest is not so clamorous in this
House as the manufacturing interest is. It does
not keep lobbies here to inform members of
the particular branches of its industries which
need protection. It does not come here by
its agents or attorneys, insisting that it must
have any particular measure of protection.
But for all that, sir, is there any reason why it
should not be considered ? Is there not the
same reason for protecting a farmer living in
the northern part of the State of Vermont
against the importation of cattle grown just
across the line, where there is no cost of trans-
portation whatever, as there is for protecting
the manufacturer who happens to live in Ver-
mont against an industry located just across
the line ? I am greatly surprised to see any
person who has been so much a champion of
protection as the gentleman from Michigan
attempt to make a distinction between the
manufacturing interests of the country and its
farming industries in their need of protection,
and the more so, when the farming industry is
the great industry of the country, without which
the country cannot prosper, and in whose suc-
cess the whole country finds its greatest pros-
perity.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Smith, of Vermont, it was agreed to;
there being—ayes 104, noes 30.
Mr. CONGER. I move to amend by adding
at the end of the paragraph the following:
And provided further. That a team consisting of
not more than two animals, with their harness and
tackle, owned by immigrants and in actual use, in
immigration, not exceeding one team to each family,
shall bo admitted duty free under sach regulations
as the Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe.
Several Members. That is all right.
Mr. CONGER. I was about to advocate
this amendment; but as I understand from
several gentlemen that it will be generally ac-
ceptable, I will not make any remarks.
Mr. SCHENCK. I suggest whether, under
a fair construction of the law, teams used in
that way may not come in now free as personal
effects; this amendment, however, would make
it certain.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Vermont. I move further
to amend the paragraph by inserting after the
word "imported" the words "from Europe;"
so that the first proviso will read :
Provided, That animals specially imported from
Europe for breeding purposes shall be admitted free
upon proof thereof satisfactory to tho Secretary of
the Treasury.
This corresponds with the provision of the
existing law ; aud unless this or some equiva-
lent provision be inserted in the bill the effect
will be to increase largely the importation of
animals from the British provinces in competi-
tion with those raised in this country. Besides
this, the Government will obtain practically no
revenue, because all animals brought across
the Canadian border will be represented as
imported for " breeding purposes."
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman from Ver-
mont is mistaken in saying that his proposition
is the provision of the existing law. Tho only
provision of the law of 18G6, (in which this pro-
tection upon live animals was commenced, for
itisof recentdate,) was that citizens of the Uni-
ted States having live animals upon the other
side of the line should be allowed ten days after
the taking effect of the act to bring them within
our territory. That provision is now obsolete,
having accomplished its purpose.
This is not a new question, however, for it
was raised in the Committee of Ways and
Means; and the gentleman from Vermont, if
he prosecutes the consideration of it, will find
the same difficulty which we encountered. In
the first place, the proposition he submits is
in violation of treaty stipulations. We have
treaties with different Governments agreeing to
admit articles of their production at the same
rates as those imposed upon similar articles
imported from the most favored nations. The
gentleman's amendment would be in conflict
with that stipulation. We have endeavored
to avoid that difficulty, and I think we have
effectually avoided it by requiring in the first
place that these animals when admitted free
shall be brought in specially for breeding pur-
poses. If the gentleman thinks that this lan-
guage is not of sufficient intensity, he may
amend it by adding "exclusively," or anything
else of similar purport. We have further pro-
vided, as an additional safeguard, that proof of
the animals being introduced for this purpose
shall be made to the satisfaction of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury. I do not think we could
have gone any further*
The amendment of Mr. Smith, of Vermont,
was not agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I move to
strike out the whole paragraph. I make this
motion because the paragraph proposes to
increase from 20 to 30 per cent, the present
duty on live animals. I make the proposition
in the interests of the great body of working-
men and workingwomen in the country who
are now paying enormous prices for beef; to
whom a beefsteak or a piece of roast beef is
a rarity because of its exorbitant price. The
effect of this increase of 30 per cent, upon the
duty on live animals imported from Canada
will be to raise still further the present enorm-
ously high price of beef.
The House will recollect that there is a
scarcity of these animals in this country, as
shown by the statistics, this scarcity having
resulted from the horrible ravages of the late
civil war. There is consequently an inability
on the part of producers of animals in this
country to supply the quantity necessary for
the consumption of our people.
The legislation of the country, at least for
the present, ought to admit all animals from the
whole Canada line and Nova Scotia and New
Brunswick free, certainly while the high prices
of beef are now kept up. In a bill pretending
to reduce the tariff they have raised the duty
on live animals from 20 per cent, to 80 per
cent, ad valorem. I do not think a proposition
like that can be maintained in behalf of the
little country bordering on Canada in Vermont.
I appreciate, to be sure, the argument of the
gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Smith,] that
they ought to have as high protection there by
an ad valorem duly as has been granted to
