1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1531
we did not read all the evidence to this gen-
tleman. Now, I say that the evidence was
read to Mr. Whittemore. He was permitted
to come into the committee-room and to look
it over, to read it and to examine it. I state
in reply to the gentleman from Massachusetts
that the evidence was all read to Mr. Whitte-
more excepting one paragraph concerning Mr.
Brooks. Mr. Whittemore read it all with
that exception, or had it read to him, and the
committee gave him the fullest opportunity to
examine it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Let me
call attention to the report of the committee
itself. It shows that only the t estimony of two
witnesse? was read to Mr. Whittemore. It
states that Mr. Whittemore appeared before
the committee, and the testimony of General
Schoepf and P. H. Kegler having been read
to him, he asked and obtained permission to
make a statement on his own benalf.
Mr. LOGAN. As I have stated, all the evi-
dence was read to this man except one para-
graph in relation to Mr. Brooks. Mr. Brooks
testified to the fact referred to by Mr. Whit-
temoreafter Mr. Whittemore gave his explan-
ation. In Mr. Whittemore's explanation |
Mr. Brooks was referred to as the man who 1
got the money. The committee sent for Mr.
Brooks and ascertained from him that the fact
was as it was stated. His testimony was con-
firmatory of what Mr. Whittemore himself
had stated. Mr. Brooks testified that he had
paid Mr. Whittemore $1,500, and Mr. Whit-
temore did not deny the fact stated by Mr.
Brooks. Mr. Whittemqre first referred to
Mr. Brooks, and Mr. Brooks confirmed his
statement, but gave the facts more in detail,
and that is all that there is of it.
The gentleman from Massachusetts makes
complaint that we did not ask to have Mr.
Whittemore cross-examine the witnesses. We
did ask Mr. Whittemore to cross-examine the
witnesses, and he said that he did not desire to
do any such thing.
Now, these are the facts, and the evidence is
before the House. First, it appears that Mr.
Whittemore wrote a letter to Mr. Kegler, offer-
ing to sell his cadetship for $500. W hat next ?
It appears that General Schoepf, chief exam-
iner at the Patent Office, inquiring about these
cadetships, and desiring to obtain one, was in-
troduced to Mr. Whittemore, who told him
that he had one to dispose of; but that he asked
$2,000 for it. What next? Mr. Whittemore
himself comes in and states—what ? That he
had a certain conversation with Mr. Brooks, in
which he said he was hunting around for a
bright boy, and that he wanted to appoint a
poor boy if he could find one. He did appoint
a boy for Mr. Brooks, but stated he would not
receive anything for the appointment. He
then said that Mr. Brooks came to him and
stated that the people of his district were poor,
and that as he was going into an election can-
vass he would need some money. He admit-
ted the fact that his people were poor, and that
he needed money for the canvass. He also
admits that he made the appointment, and that
he received a certain amount of money for it,
which he used for the benefit of the poor, and
for carrying out his canvass. That is Mr.
Whittemore's own statement. Mr. Brooks
testified that he went to Mr. Whittemore on
the subject of this appointment. He paid Mr.
Whittemore $1,500 in money in his room on
Louisiana avenue. For what? For appointing
Thomas W. Dailey, of New York, a cadet to
West Point. Then what else? Mr. Dailey, the
father of that cadet, comes forward and swears
that he paid $2,000 for that appointment. Mr.
Brooks took $700 of it and put it in his pocket.
The other man got so much, and Mr. Whitte-
more got the balance. These are the facts in
the case. This is the evidence all summed up
in a nut-shell. Mr. Whittemore is then asked
to Bay whether this is true or not. And when he
comes before the corttmittee he ddes not deny a
single solitary allegation made by Dailey or
Kegler, except that he says he did not take the
money for his own use, but that it was to be
applied to charitable purposes—to building
churches, to feeding the poor; and also for
political purposes—to assist in the elections in
his district.
If, sir, this is to be received as an excuse
let us consider for a moment to what_ conse-
quences it would lead. If this man is to be
excused, on this ground let us see what will
be the result hereafter. If a corrupt man gets
ffeto Congress and wants to sell his vote what
will he do ? If he is approached with a prop-
osition to give his vote for a pecuniary con-
sideration he will say, " I will not touch a
cent myself, but you can send $1,500 tome,
and I will distribute it among the poor people,
of whose necessities I will be the judge;' or he
may say that he will give it to build a Presby-
terian church or a Catholic church, or a church
of some other denomination, whichever he may
happen to favor. If the House accepts such an
excuse in one case it will be a precedent for
all such cases: and members of Congress who
want to sell tnemselves will do so under the
pretext of aiding in building churches and
feeding the poor of their district, and will thus
cheaply acquire a reputation for being chari-
table and religious people. This would be a
very nice state of things. It would be delight-
ful to let it go to the country that you could
not get a member of Congress to vote for a
measure because the thing was right, but you
could get him to vote for it if you gave him
money to assist in building a church or feeding
the poor or aiding the election in his district.
There might, indeed, be a question on which
side of the election the money was to be spent,
or whether a person wanted to give money to
assist a particular party in an election. The
game, perhaps, might be blocked in that partic-
ular.
But, Mr. Speaker, what is the true rule which
should guide the House iti the course it should
take on a question of this kind? The true rule
is this: the judiciary of the United States or
of any Government ought to be spotless and j
above suspicion. The ermine of the bench j
should be as snowy white as the vestments of j
the ministers of God; and such, Mr. Speaker, i
should be the reputation of the legislative de-
partment of this Government. ^ Whenever this
department shall allow any of its members to
wallow in the mire of corruption, b^ taking
•pecuniary considerations for votes for rail-
roads, for cadetships, or for anything else, it
will deprive itself of all title to the respect of
the country. Instead of its members being
able to hold themselves up before the country
with a character unblemished and unspotted,
receiving praises from the tongues of millions
of people, they will give a character to this
body that will make its very name bring a
blush to the cheeks of the people of this country.
The people of this country believe that their
Representatives should be honest. I think
they believe, or have believed, that they are
honest. And the only way in which you can
make them continue in that belief is by acting
upright. The only way in which you can make
the people believe you are honest is to be honest.
The only way to maintain for this Congress a
character for integrity is by not allowing such
things as this to be perpetrated by members
of this body.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] says the newspapers have been howl-
ing about this thing. Certainly they are howl-
ing about it, and I do not blame them for
doing so. If public men in this country will
sell themselves like sheep in the shambles I
do not blame the newspapers for howling about
it. If, when such facts as those contained in
this evidence have been established, members
of the Congress of the United States will sit
here like stocks and stones, and on the mere
petition of a man proved guilty on such evidence
as this extend indefinitely the time for dis-
posing of the case, then I will not blame the
newspapers, and the people, too, for com-
plaining about the course taken by Congress.
When you charge the Committee on Military
Affairs with an investigation of this kind, and
the committee investigate the case fully and
bring before the House the result at which
they have arrived, and if upon that the House
repudiates the action of the committee and
becomes the advocate of a man proven guilty,
it casts a slur upon the committee, and places
them in the attitude of attempting to oppress
individuals instead of merely protecting our
own characters and reputation. Whenever
you do that, then, gentlemen, I have a right to
believe that there are persons here who do
combine to defeat justice.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the gentleman yield for
a few moments to allow the law defining this
offense and prescribing its punishment to be
read?
Mr. LOGAN. I will yield for that purpose.
The Clerk read a8 follows:
"Any member of Congress or any officer of the
Government of the United States who shall directly
or indirectly take, receive, or agree to receive any
money, property, or other valuable consideration
whatsoever from any person or persons for procuring
or aiding to procure any contract, office, or place
from the Government of the United States, or any
department thereof, or from any officer of the United
States for any person or persons whatsoever, and any
officer giving any such contract, office, or place to any
person whomsoever, and the person or persons who
shall directly or indirectly offer, or agree to give, or
give, or bestow any money, property, or other valua-
ble consideration whatsoever for the procuring, or
aiding to procure any contract, office, or place as
aforesaid, and any member of Congress who shall
directly or indirectly take, receive, oragree to receive
any money, property, or valuable consideration what-
soever after his election as such member for his atten-
tion to, services, action, vote, or decision in any ques-
tion, matter, cause, or proceeding which may then
be pending, or may by law, or under the Constitution
of the United States be brought before him in his
official capacity, or in his place of trust and profit as
suchmemher of Congress, shall.for every such offense,
be liable to indictment as for a misdemeanor in any
courtof the United States having jurisdiction thereof,
and on conviction thereof shall pay a fine of not ex-
ceeding $10,000, and suffer imprisonment in the peni-
tentiary not exceeding two years, at the discretion
of the court trying the same; and any such contract,
or agreement as aforesaid may, at the option of the
President of the United States, be absolutely null
and void; and any member of Congress or officer of
the United States convicted as aforesaid, shall more-
over be disqualified from holding any omceof honor,
profit, or trust under the Government of the United
States."
Mr. LOGAN. There is the offense as de-
fined by statutory law, and there is the punish-
ment prescribed for it. I ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts to tell me how under that
law there is any escape for any person charged
with this offense who confesses that he has
been guilty of the offense of receiving, directly
or indirectly, money for doing a certain official
act. And I ask him if expulsion—the only
punishment which this, House can inflict—is
not light enough for such an offense, and much
lighter than would have been inflicted in a
trial before a court if the accused party had
confessed his guilt before th« court, as the
member from South Carolina has done before
the committee and th«.House ?
- There is one other point to which I wish to
call the attention of the House. The reso-
lution of the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Poland] asks, and the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Butler] asks, that the cases of
all the accused parties shall be reported on at
once, as they are partners in crime. Now, each
congressional district is a separate district,
each appointment is a separate appointment,
each member has a right to an appointment
separately and by himself. The appointment
of a cadet from any district cannot be a matter
in which two members of Congress are engaged.
Hence the plea of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts that the cases should all be reported
on together is a subterfuge, and has no merit
, in it, either as a legal proposition or as a prop-
osition of justice. The committee therefore
I intend to report in each case separately; If
j we think a man is guilty we will report the
j fact; if not guilty we will report the fact. But
! believing that each case is £ separate and dis-
