4364
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
bo lawful for any officer of the Army of the United
States to hold any civil office, -whether by election or
appointment, ami any such officer accepting or exer-
cising the functions of a civil office shall at once cease
to be an officer of the Army, and his commission shall
be vacated thereby.
Sec. 20. And be it further enacted, That nothing in
this act shall be construed to prevent the assignment
to duty as additional second lieutenants or brevet
second lieutenants of the graduates of the Military
Academy.
Sec. 21. And be it farther enacted, That the Secre-
tary of War shall prepare a system of general reg-
ulations for the administration of the affairs of the
Army, which, when approved by the President, shall
be in force and obeyed until altered or revoked by
the same authority; and said regulations shall bo
reported to Congress at its next session: Provided,
That said regulations shall not bo inconsistent with
the laws of the United States.
Sec. 22. And be it further enactcd, That the Sec-
retariesof War and the Navy be, and they are hereby,
authorized and directed so to arrange tlie course of
studies and tiio order of recitations at the Military
and Naval Academies that the students insaid insti-
tutions will not be required to pursue their studies
on Sunday, nor shall they be required to take part
in drills or parades on that day.
Sec. 23. And be it further enacted. That from and
after the passage of this act the Secretary of War bo,
and he is hereby, authorized to permit one trading
establishment to bo maintained at any military post
on the frontier not in the vicinity of any city or town,
when, in his judgment,such establishment is needed
for the accommodation of emigrants, freighters, and
other citizcns; and the persons to maintain such
trading establishments shall bo appointed by him:
Provided, That such traders shall be under protec-
tion and military control a,s camp-followers. The
joint resolution appioved March 30,1SG7, to author-
ize the commanding general of the Army to permit
traders to remain at certain military posts is hereby
repealed.
Sec. 21. And be it further enacted. That any re-
tired officer may, on his own application, bedetailed
to serve as professor in any college; hut while so
serving such odicer shall be allowed no additional
compensation.
Sec. 25. And he it farther enacted, That the pay of
tlie otliccrs of the Anny shall be as follows: the pay
of tho General shall be $12,030 a year; Lieutenant
Oeneral shall be 810,000 a ycar; tiie pay ot' major
general shall be ST,510; the pay of brigadier general
shall be £5.500; the pay ol colonel shall bo ^3,500; the
pay of lieutenant colonel shall bo ^3,003; the pay of
major shall be &2.500; the pay of captain, mounted,
shall be $2,000; the pay of captain not mounted,
shall bo SI.B00; the pay of adjutant shall be $1,800;
the pay of regimental quartermaster shall be 61,800;
the pay of first lieutenant, mounted, shall he $1,000;
the pay of first lieutenant, not mounted, shall be
<il,500: the pay of second lieutenant, mounted, shall
be SI,500; the pay ol'second lieutenant, not mounted,
shall bc$l,400; the pay of chaplain shall bej?l,<103;
the pay of aid-de-catnp to major general shall bo
5200 per annum in addition to pay of his rank; the
pay of aid-de-c'imp to brigadier general shall be
$150 per annum in addition to pay of his rank; the
pay of acting assistant commissary shall be :: 100 in
addition to pay of his rank; and there shall bo
allowed and paid to each and every commissioned
officer below the rank of brigadier general, including
chaplains and others having assimilated rank or pay,
ten per cent, of their current, yearly pay lor each and
eveiy term ol live years of continuous service: Pro-
vided, That the total amount of such increase for
length of service shall in no case exceed forty per
cent, on the yearly pay of his grade as established
by this act: And provided futther, That the pay of a
colonel shall in no ease exceed ^1,500 per annum,
nor the pay of a lieutenant colonel 000 per annum;
and these sums shall be in fall of all commutation
of quarters, fuel, forage, servants' wages and cloth-
ing, longevity rations, and all allowances of every
name and nature whatever, and shall be pel a monthly
by the paymaster: Ptooidcil, That fuel, quarters,
and forage in kind may be furnished when iv-oesf ary
to officers by the quartermaster's department, as
now allowed by law and regulations: An<i-provided
further. That when any officer shall travel under
orders, and shall not be furnished transportation by |
the quartermaster's department, or on a conveyance
belonging to or chartered by the United States, he
shall be allowed ten cents per mile, and no more, for
each mile actually by him traveled under such order,
distances to be calculated according to the nearest
post routes; and no payment shall be made to any
officer except by a paymaster of the Army. Officers
retired from, active service shall receive seventy-live
tier cent, of the pay of the rank upou winch they are
retired.
And that the Senate agreed to the said amend-
ment.
JOHN A. LOGAN,
,1AS. S. NEOLEY.
Manager? on the part of the floune.
1IENRY" WILSON,
U. P. MOltTON,
Mancwer.'i on the part of the Senate.
Mr. LOGAN. Now, if the House will in-
dulge me—I do not desire to discuss this report;
but inasmuch as gentlemen have asked me for
an explanation 1 will give a very short or.e;
and if the report has not been understood as
read, I thfnk I can explain it so that it will be
understood. The report, as agreed on by the
committee of conference, is a change in some
particulars of the bill of the House and of the
bill of the Senate. But the main features of
the report are the same as those of the House
bill.
And first, the proposition to reduce the Army
to thirty thousand men—it is now thirty-seven
thousand men. ' The gentleman from Wiscon-
sin [Mr. Elduidge] is mistaken in supposing
that the House bill proposed to reduce the
Army to twenty-five thousand men. There was
no reduction made by the House bill except
in regard to the number of officers. The bill
of the Senate proposed to reduce the Army to
thirty thousand, and the committee of confer-
ence have agreed to that in their report.
In regard to the reduction in the number of
officer;), 1 do not remember what the retired
list is now. But this report proposes to allow
the retired list to bo increased to three hun-
dred, and then the rest of the officers, over and
above those necessary to officer the Army, are
to bo discharged as supernumeraries on the
1st day of January next. If any of them shall
resign between now and the 1st of January
next they will receive the same amount of
extra pay and allowances as if mustered out
at that time; that is, one year's extra pay and
allowances. That is all 1 think it is necessary
to say on that point.
The report also provides for a further reduc-
tion of the officers of the Army. It proposes
to muster out all the military storekeepers, as
they are called, men who are assimilated in
rank to captains and draw the pay of captains.
It proposes to muster out all ordnance oliicers
at the various arsenals of the country. Avre do
not consider these as at all necessary. We
propose to muster out the commissaries in the
cavalry service. To each cavalry regiment
there is at present attached a commissary.
We propose to abolish that office altogether.
"We muster out also the commissary sergeants,
as well as the hospital stewards. Vvre reduce
the number of corporals and of sergeants.
By this reduction in the number of officers
and men we make a reduction in the expenses
of the Army approximating to $4,000,000 per
annum, ill'. Wilson stated in the Senate that
he estimated the reduction at 35,000.000.
According to my estimate it will certainly reach
$4,000,000. The mere savins; in the reduced
expenditure for pay and clothing, without
counting commutation, transportation, and
other expenses which have been cut down, will
amount to over three million dollars. The
aggregate reduction of expense, without at-
tempting a minute esiimate, may be stated as
certainly $1,000,000, if not more.
The provision repealing the present law,
which prevents the President from relieving or
arresting the General of the Army without the
consent of the Senate, and requires that all
military orders of the President shall be issued
through the General of the Army, is retained
in the same form in which it was originally
passed by this House.
The bill, as originally passed by the House,
provided for abolishing entirely brevet rank.
The Senate did not agree to that; but the com-
mittee of conference have agreed on a pro-
vision which will prevent the confusion now
existing everywhere in our regiments, arising
from the fact that officers do not wear the uni-
form pertaining to their actual rank. At pres-
ent a lieutenant may wear the uniform of a
colonel, because his brevet rank is that of a
colonel, while his captain, who has not been
breveted, wears simply the uniform of a cap-
tain. The provision upon which we have
agreed in the report as a compromise is that
the uniform shall be that of the actual rank,
and that all official orders to military officers
must designate them by their actual rank, not
their brevet rank. This wilt exempt, for in-
stance, a captain from the necessity when issu-
ing an order to a lieutenant of addressing him
perhaps as "colonel " or " general/' By the
proposition which, has been agreed to in the
report the present confusion in reference to this
matter will he removed.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Are officers
allowed to wear the insigniaof the brevet rank?
Mr. LOGAN. They are not, the insignia
being part of the uniform. By this report we
propose to prescribe, as all other countries do
and ought to do, that the uniform worn shall
be that of the actual rank.
The provision in reference to instruction in
the different academies was inserted in the
Senate, and agreed to by the conference com-
mittee. The provisions iu reference to pay,
as reported by the conference committee, are,
with but very slight exceptions, the same that
were passed by the House.
I liave stated the main features of the bill,
as agreed to by the committee of conference.
There arc other provisions which, though tend-
ing to perfect the form of the bill, are less
material, and do not need any special explan-
ation.
Mr. PAINS. Are we to understand that
the provision excluding Army officers from
civil employment applies to retired officers?
Mr. LOGAN. That is the effect of the pro-
vision, as passed by the House and agreed to
by the Senate. Of course the committee of
conference had no power to change it.
Mr. KELLOGG. I wish to ask the gentle-
man a question. We have now eight brigadier
generals, I believe?
Mr. LOGAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. KELLOGG. Section seven provides—
That no appointment to the grade of brigadier gen-
eral shall bo made until the number of officers of
that grade is reduced below six; after which the
number of biigudier generals shall not exceed six.
Section eight provides for the continuance
of the offices of Adjutant General, Quartermas-
ter General, Judge Advocate General., &c., sev-
eral of which officers hold the rank of brigadier
general; and, as I understand, they are to hold
that rank as long as they live. Now. suppose
a brigadier general in the field 
Mr. LOGAN. If the gentleman will allow
me to proceed for a moment, I will say that sec-
tion is not in the report at all. It was stricken
out, and there is nothing in (his report in ref-
erence to the staff at all. The House bill, if
you will recollect, passed just as you have
read it.
Mr, KELLOGG. You mean the Senate bill.
Mr. LOGAN. Yes, sir: the Senate bill
passed as you have read it. The House passed
it differently. In the conference committee
that was stricken out. The Seriate insisted on
the staff department, although we have a law
against it. The compromise was that promo-
tions should not be made. The staff depart-
ment stands as before.
Mr. KELLOGG. Does the conference report
provide that there shall be no more appoint-
ments to brigadier generals until the number
has been reduced to six?
Mr. LOGAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. KELLOGG. Supposing the number in
the field bo live or four, and they have three
or four brigadier generals in the departments,
how can you fill a vacancy till the whole num-
ber is reduced?
Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman is mistaken.
Tliis belongs to the line.
Mr. KELLOGG. It docs not s ay so in the
bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
endeavored as well as I could to follow the
reading of the conference report; bat I have
been unable to do so with satisfaction to my-
self; and as this bill operates upon $-1,000,000
and upon some forty thousand men, as it fixes
the status of the Army, and as the entire bill
has been changed in some particulars, I sub-
mit to the gentleman from Illinois having
charge of the report, as I submit to the House,
whether it would not be better, before acting
on the subject, to have all of these changes
printed and laid upon our tables ? The fact of
my friend from Connecticut, [Mr. Keixogg,]
