2-176
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
moved to amend so as to make the duty $3 per
pound and 50 per cent, ad valorem. The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Washburn]
moves to amend my amendment by striking
out "$3" and inserting "!f>2 50" as the duty
per pound. I prefer my amendment as I have
moved it, and shall therefore vote against the
amendment to the amendment.
The committee again divided upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Washburn, of Massachusetts, to
the amendment of Mr. Strong; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 81, noes 30.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. MYERS. I will withdraw my motion
to strike out this paragraph of the bill.
The question was upon the amendment of
Mr. Strong, as amended by the adoption of
the amendment of Mr. Washburn, of Massa-
chusetts.
Mr. SCHENCK. As this will probably lead
to further debate, I move that the committee
now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose ; and Mr.
ScoriEM) having taken the chair as Speaker
pro tempore, Mr. Wheeler reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, according to the order of the House, had
had under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly the bill (II. It. No.
1068) to amend existing laws relating to the
duty on imports, and for other purposes, and
had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly,
(at four o'clock and lil'ty-live minutes p. w.,)
the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BANKS: The memorial of G. H.
Preble,a captain of the Navy, for "leave pay"
as a commodore in the Navy from October 12,
1802, to February 23, 18133.
Also, a memorial and resolution adopted by
the Mechanics' State Council of Maryland and
the District of Columbia, relating to the eight-
hour law.
By Mr. BUCKLEY: The petition of A. F.
Given, esq., and S3 others, merchants of Mont-
gomery, Alabama, asking for the free importa-
tion of pig lead from foreign countries.
By Mr. BUFFINTON : The memorial of
Messrs. Gifibrd & Allen and 10 others, citi-
zens of New Bedford, Massachusetts, praying
that a law be passed allowing pig lead to
be imported from foreign countries free of
duty.
By Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts: The
petition of Mrs. Ellen J. Brosman, of Wash-
ington, for compensation for stock of goods
taken by the second Army corps iu 1803 and
18G4.
Also, the petition of John F. Hildrith, for
redress for injuries received at the Spanish
legation.
By Mr. CHURCHILL: The petition of C.
G. Shead and 25 others, citizens of Oswego,
New York, praying that the importation of
pig lead be permitted free from duty.
By Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas: The petition
of .J. O. Brewer and others, of Leavenworth,
Kansas, relating to the collection of the tax
on distilled spirit? produced within the United
States.
By Mr. LASH: The petition of Daniel G.
Griffin, a citizen of Forsyth county, North Car-
olina, and a soldier of the war of 1812, for a
pension.
By Mr. SAWYER: The petition of James
Meiklejshu, and 52 others, citizens of Little
Wolf, Waupaca county, Wisconsin, asking hat
lands be granted to the Green Bay arid Lake
Pepin Railroad Company.
By Mr. STILES: The petition of B. H.
Wright, of the State of New York, praying to
be relieved from the payment of a succession
tax in the twenty-first district of New York.
By Mr. STRICKLAND : The memorial of
James F. Brown and numerous others, citizens
of East Saginaw, against the passage' of the
funding bill of the Senate.
Also, the memorial of James L. Hicks and
numerous other memorialists, praying that the
present duty on lumber bo retained.
Also, of James Shearer and others, with
like request.
By Mr. UPSON: The petition of Thomas
Reily for bounty.
Also, the petition of Anna Schott for arrears
of pension.
By Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin: The
petition of W. H. Vesey, late consul at Aix-la-
Chapelle.
By Mr. WINCHESTER: A memorial from
the Cigar-Maker's Association of Louisville,
Kentucky, praying for certain changes of the
internal revenue law.
Also, a memorial from the Liquor-Dealers'
Association of Louisville, Kentucky, praying
for certain modifications of the internal rev-
enue law of July 20, 1808.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, April 7, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. Nuw-
max, 1). D.
On motion of Mr. EDMUNDS, and by unan-
imous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. POMEROY. I have the honor to pre-
sent a memorial from the National Association
for the Relief of Colored Women and Chil-
dren of the District of Columbia, and with the
memorial I also present the annual report of
that association. Congress last year made ail
appropriation of $5,000 for the support of this
institution, and they have also received vol-
untary contributions to a large amount. This
memorial sets forth these facts, and the annual
report shows the expenditures of tho institu-
tion. The memorial closes by asking an appro-
priation of $10,000 for the next fiscal year.
I move that it bo referred to the Committee
on Appropriations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I am charged with and
have tbe honor to present a petition numerously
and very respectably signed by citizens of this
District asking that there may bo established
here a probate court. I move its reference to
the Committee on tho District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I have also a petition
addressed to the two Douses of Congress signed
by citizens of tho State of Michigan, remon-
strating against tho continuance of inequalities
among citizens of the United States in regard
to tho question of suffrage. They ask that it
may be made equal among citizens both male
and female. I move the reference of this peti-
tion to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SPENCER. I present the petition of
the heirs-at-law ol James A, Torbert, who was
the assignee of the legal representatives of
Thomas II. Boyles, deceased, who represent
that an act of Congress passed June 30, 1834,
entitled "An act for the relief of the legal rep-
i resentatives of Thomas H. Boyles, deceased,"
I authorized them to locate six hundred and forty
acres of land on public lands then located in
the State of Alabama ; that such location was
made at the land office at St. Stephen's, Ala-
bama, in pursuance of that act of Congress,
and afterward the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office refused to issue a patent on
the ground of prior location and that the said
lands had been located prior to that time.
These petitioner,- therefore pray that they mav
be authorized to make other locations of land
in lieu of laud authorized by the act of June
30,1834. I move the reference of this petition
to the Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LEWIS presented the petitions of Wil-
liam Cherry, Nansemond County, Virginia; of
John H. Timberlake, Medium's River, Vir-
ginia; ofF. 0. Beverly, SpOttsylvania, Virginia,
and of Edward James, Princess Anne county,
Virginia, praying the removal of theirpolitical
disabilities; which were referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. SCOTT. I have a petition addressed
to tho Senators of the State of Pennsylvania
and its Representatives in Congress, to be
presented to Congress, from tbe officers of the
Washington'Artillery, of Pottsviile, Pennsyl-
vania : the Ringgold Light Artillery, of Read-
ing, Pennsylvania; the AllentownInfantry, and
the Logan Guards of Lewistown, setting forth
that they were the first troops to arrive at the
capital at the beginning of the rebellion, clos-
ing with this suggestion:
" It has boon suggested that Congress might prop-
orly take cognizance of that service, beyond the
resolution of thanks adopted in July, 1801, by tho
presentation to each man who participated in that
movement of a testimonial whioh be can woar with
honor during his lifetime, and at his death hand
down with prido to his children, or bo kept in his
family as an heir-looiu"—■
and requesting that this subject be brought to
the attention of Congress. As my colleague
introduced a resolution on this subject a day
or two ago, which was referred to the Commit- ,
tee on Military Affairs, I move that this peti-
tion have the same reference.
Tho motion was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petitions of
Jones W. Kirk, Granville Carson, Isom Cox,
Byran Ballard, and J. AY. Parsons, Grayson
county, Virginia; of Joseph N. Atkinson, Isle
of Wight county, Virginia; of J. II. Macrae,
Richmond, Virginia; of James W. Burgess,
Rockingham county, Virginia, and of Hiram
W, Wall, Lunenburg county, Virginia, pray-
ing the removal of their political disabilities ;
which were referred to tho select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFUItltKn.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, it was
Ordered, Tbatthememoriai and papers of tlieMil-
waukuo and jlock ltiver Canal Company be taken
from the files of the Senate and referred lo the Com-
mittee on the Revision of the Laws.
Mr. KELLOGG. I submit the following
order, and ask for its adoption:
Ordered, That the petition and papers in tho case
of Ctcorge 1'. Brock bo taken from the files of tho
Senate and roforrcd to tho CommiUeo on Claims,
accompanying the memorial of Brock & Davis.
The petition of George F. Brock has been
reported on adversely, but there is a petition
now before the committee referred a day or
two since on behalf of Brock & Davis. I now
ask that the, papers relating to the ease of
Brock be referred to thatcommittee to be con-
sidered in connection with the petition of
Brock & Davis.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Additional papers
have been filed ?
Mr. KELLOGG. Yes, sir.
The order was adopted.
KJEP0KT8 Ol' COMMITTEES.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 568) for the relief of Thomas
P. Edwards, asked to be discharged from its
lurther consideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of John Graham, of
the town of College Point, county of Queens,
State of New York, praying compensation for
carrying the mails from New Orleans to Key
West for the quarter commencing April 10 and
ending June 30, 1855, submitted a report, and
asked to be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the petition.
