5808
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7,
Mr. CESSNA. Well, I do.
Mr. CHUBCHILL. I propose now to yield
the floor.
The SPEAKER, pro tempore (Mr. Ferry in
the chair.) The gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Cessna] will be recognized as entitled to
the floor in his own right.
Mr. CESSNA. Well, if I have the floor in
my own right, I believe I will now move the
previous question, and let the hour afterward
be divided up.
Mr. CHUKCHILL. Having charge of this
case, I believe I have the right to call the pre-
vious question when I think it proper to do so.
Mr. CESSNA. I will say what I have to
say, and then I will call the previous question
in my own right; and if the House shall sus-
tain the call I will divide up the time.
Mr. CHURCHILL. Then I hope the call
for the previous question will not be sustained.
Mr. CESSNA. Then I will accede to the
proposition of the gentleman to have the pre-
vious question called when I shall have con-
cluded what I have to say, and have the time
divided up equally. I do not propose to occupy
anything like an hour.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I will call the previous
question when the gentleman is through.
Mr. CESSNA. In the first place, let me
call attention to the provisions of the consti-
tution of the State of Missouri, and the sections
of its statute that are applicable to this case.
The third and fourth sections of the second
article of that constitution are as follows :
"3. At any election held by tho people under this
constitution or in pursuance of any law of this State,
or under any ordinance or by-law ot any municipal
corporation, no person shall be deemed a qualified
voter who has ever been in armed hostility to tho
United States or to tho lawful authorities thereof, or
10 the government of this State, or has ever given
aid, comfort, countenance, or support to persons
engaged in any such hostility, or ha-? over, in any
manner, adhered to tho enemies, foreign or domestic,
of the United States, cither by contributing to thetn,
or by unlawfully sending within their lines money,
goods, letters, or information; or has ever disloyally
held communication with such enemies, or has ever
advised or aided any person to enter tho service of
such enemies; or has ever, by actorword.manilestcd
his adherence to the cause ot such enemies, or his
design for their triumph over the arms of the United
States, or his sympathy with those engaged in excit-
ing or carrying on rebellion against the United Stater*;
or has ever, except under o\ ei pow emir oouipiiiMon,
submitted to tho authority or been in the service of
theso-called 'confederate States of America ;' or has
ever left this State and gone within the imc^ of the
armies of the so-called confederate Stilts: of America
with tho purpose of adhering to said Nates or armies;
or has ever been a member of, or connected with,
any oidei, society, or organization inimical to tho
Government of tho United States or to the rovein-
mcnt of this State; orhascvcrbeenengygodiii guer-
rilla warfare against loyal inhabitants^ the United
States, or in that description of marauding commonly
known as 'bushwhacking;' or has ever knowingly
and willingly harbored, aided, or countenanced ;iuy
person fao engaged; or has ever come into oi lias IuIl
this State for the purpose of avoiding enrollment of,
or draft into, the military service of the United
States; or has over, with a view to avoid enrollment
in tho militia of this State, or to escape thopeiiorm-
ance of duty therein, or for any other purpose, en-
rolled himself, or authorized himself to be enrolled,
by or before any officer, as disloyal or_ as a southern
sj'mpathizer, or in any otber terms indicating his
disaffection to the Government of the United States m
its contest with the rebellion, or his sympathy with
those engaged in such rebellion; or having1 ever
voted at any election by the people in this State,
or in any other of the United States, or in any of
their Territories, or held office in this State or in
any other of the United States, or in any of their
Territories, or under the United States, shall there-
after have sought or received, under claim of alien-
age, the protection of any foreign Government,
through any consul or other officer thereof, in order
to secure exemption from military duty mthemititia
in this State or in the Army of the United States;
nor shall any such person be capable of holding in
this State any office of honor, trust, or profit, under
its authority, or of being a.n officer, councilman,
director, trustee, or other manager ot any corporation,
public or private, now existing or hereafter estab-
lished by its authority, or of acting as a professor or
teacher in any educational institution or in any com-
mon or other school, or of holding any real estate or
other property in trust for the ure of any church,
religious society, or congregation; but the foregoing
provisions in relation to acts done against the Uni-
ted States shall not apply to any personnot acitizen
thereof, who shall have committed such acts wmic
in the service of some foreign country at war with
the United States, and who has, since such acts, been
naturalized, or may hereafter bo naturalized, under
the laws of theUnitedStates; and the oath of loyalty
hereinafter prescribed, when taken by any such per-
son, shall be considered as taken in such sense.
"4. Tho General Assembly sha.ll immediatelypro-
vido, by law, for a complete and uniform registra-
tion, by election districts, of tho names of qualified
voters in this State, which registration shall be evi-
dence of the qualification of all registered voters to
vote at any election thereafter held; but no person
shall be excluded from voting at any election, on
account of not being registered, until the General
Assembly shall have passed an act of registration
and the same shall have been carried into effect;
after which no person shall voto unless his name
shall have been registered at least ten days before the
day of the election; and the factof such registration
shall bo not otherwise shown than by tho register,
or an authentic copy thereof, certified to tho judges
of election by the registering officer or officers, or
other constituted authority. A new registration
shall be made within sixty days next preceding tho
tenth day prior to every biennial general election;
and after it shall havo been made no person shall
establish his right to voto by the fact of his name
appearing on any previous register."
The ninth section of the registration law of
Missouri, enacted in 18G8, is as follows:
" The board of registration shall havo power to
examine, under oath, any person applying for regis-
tration, as to his qualifications as a voter, and they
shall, boforc entering the name of any person on
tho registry of qualified voters, diligently inquire
and ascertain chat he has not done any of tho acts
specified in the constitution as causes of disquali-
fication ; and if, from their own knowledge, or evi-
dciicc brought before them, they shall bo satis-
fied that any person seeking registration is dis-
qualified under any provision of tho constitution,
tlicy shall not enter his name on tho list of qualified
voters though he may havo takon and subscribed
before them the oath of loyalty aforesaid; but if lie
has taken and subscribed such oath, shall enter hi3
name on a separate het of persons rejected as voters,
and in connection with such entry they shall state
the grounds of thorejecrion, and they shall also note
every appcalfrom theirdccision by making an entry
of the fact opposite the name of tho party taking
such appeal. The bouid of registration, or any
member thereof, shall hare power to administer
oaths to all parties appealing beforo them for regis-
tration or as witnesses."
I have embodied these provisions in the re-
port which I had the honor to submiton behalf
of tho minority of the Committee of Elections
in this case. I take it for granted that tho
members of this House on both sides havo read
or will read so much of that report as is neces-
sary to give them a proper understanding of
this co,be.
It may bo well, however, to state to the
Houpe that the State of Missouri i3 somewhat
peculiar on the subject of elections. I believe
she stands solitary and alone in regulating tho
elcciivo franchise in connection with acts and
conduct in reference to the rebellion. That
arose from the fact, I suppose, that Missouri
was peculiarly situated with reference to the
rebellion. She was right upon the border, and
her people were made to suffer from tho pres-
ence of the armies of both sides. And tho
necessity of requiring tho qualification of loy-
alty in her citizens became so necessary to the
well-being of tho people of Missouri, that not
only did the Legislature place that requirement
in its statutes, but tho people also inserted a
similar requirement in the constitution of the
State of Missouri. It is expressly provided
thereby that all who gave aid or comfort to tho
rebellion, or who sympathized with it, shall be
disfranchised and be disqualified from voting
at any election in that State.
It. is important for us to bear this in mind.
And right hero let me say that both the minority
and the majority reports of the Committee of
Elections show this fact. It is true the con-
testant in this case denies the validity of that
provision of the constitution of the State of
Missouri, and the constitutionality of the stat-
ute of that State upon that subject. But it
will not be controverted, and therefore ought
to be regarded as settled in the judgment of
this House on all sides, that the validity of this
portion of the constitution and this provision
of the laws cf the State of Missouri was first
contested in the circuit court of Missouri. It
was decided by that court that those provisions
were valid and binding upon all the people of
Missouri. From that judgment of the circuit
court of Missouri Mr. Blair, tho party inter-
ested in the controversy, took an appeal to the
supreme court of the State of Missouri. After
a fall and complete argument of the question
the supreme court of Missouri decided, and
decided unanimously, that the provision of the
constitution of Missouri was valid, and that
the provision of the law in question was con-
stitutional, and that both were binding upon
all the officers and all the people of the State
of Missouri.
Then Mr. Blair, having lost his case before
the circuit court of the State of Missouri, and
having again lost it before the supreme court
of that State, not satisfied with that judgment,
appealed to the Supreme Court of the United
States. After a full argument before that
Court, upon an equal division of the bench of
the Supreme Court of the United States, the
judgment of the supreme court of the State
of Missouri was affirmed. Therefore, so far
as the validity of this constitutional provision
and the constitutionality of this provision of
the law of the State of Missouri are concerned,
that question may be regarded as set at rest.
As I said before, I wish members of the House
to bear in mind that every man who took part
in the rebellion, every man who aided or abet-
ted it by act or word, every man who gave
sympathy to the cause of the rebellion, is by
the constitution and tho law of Missouri dis-
qualified for casting a vote at the ballot-box.
1 ■ call attention to another fact: that in
order to carry out the provisions of the con-
stitution and the law ot Missouri a system of
registration was provided by the Legislature
of that State. In I860, under the law of Mis-
souri, a registrar was appointed for each elec-
tion precinct in the county of Monroe, there
being ten such precincts. Of the ten regis-
trars thus appointed eight have been called
and examined in this case ; and they all testify
to the fidelity, the patience, and the fairness
with which that registration was made.
Right here allow me to state—for I desire to
treat this case with perfect candor—that if the
validity of the entire vote of the county of
Monroe be sustained the contestant in this
case is entitled to the seat; if not, the sitting
member is so entitled. The majority of the
committee report that the contestant's major-
ity is 550. I have differed with them in two
particulars. First, I hold that in the township
of Wilson Dyer is .entitled to 60 votes which
they have not. allowed him. This reduces the
majority reported by the committee to 493. I
say further that there is as strong evidence in
favor of throwing out the township of Calu-
met, Pike county, as there is in favor of throw-
ing out any precinct thrown out by the majority
of the committee. In that precinct the appar-
ent majority of the contestant was 156. De-
ducting this, the majority of Mr. Switzler is
reduced to 207 votes. Now, if I caa show by
way of closing this case that in the county of
Monroe more than 237 illegal, fraudulent, and
disloyal votes were cast for Mr. Switzler his
case goes by the board, according to the doc-
trine laid down by the majority of the committee
in their report. I now proceed to that work.
Tho majority of the committee, after an
argument, sustained the registry of the county
ot Monroe. In this I could not concur with
them. My friend from New York, [Mr.
Churchill,] who has just taken his seat, has
passed a eulogy upon the superintendent of
the registration in that senatorial district, a
gentleman named Mayo. After I had heard
t.nis eulogy, after I had heard that Mayo was a
Radical, a faithful Radical and a good man,
and that he had performed all his duties with
fidelity, I almost came to the conclusion that
in the eye of my colleague on the committee
he was one of the apostles j and I knew at
once that if he was not one of the apostles he
was very much like one of them ; and tho one
I thought he most resembled was Judas.
[Laughter.]
Now, 1 hold that for several reasons the
registry in the county of Monroe is fraudulent
and void, and ought to have no weight before
this House, or any judicial or legal tribunal of
