1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3421
tletnan from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,] if he will
restate his proposition.
Mr. BECK. My suggestion was that the
gentleman should move to strike out of the
paragraph as amended the words "on live
animals, 30 per cent, ad valorem: Provided
thatso that it will read:
Animals specially imported for breeding purposes
chall be admitted free, upon proof thereof satisfac-
tory to the Secretary of the Treasury, &o.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I will accept
that modification of my motion. That will
leave the rate as it is now.
The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
Brooks, of New York, as modified, and it was
disagreed to—ayes thirty-six, noes notcounted.
Mr. WILLARD. I move to amend the par-
agraph by inserting after the words "Secre-
tary of the Treasury" the words " under such
regulations as he may prescribe." I think
there can be no objection to that.
Mr. ALLISON. That is right.
The amendment was agreed to.
No further amendment b%ing offered, the
next paragraph was read, as follows:
On flour or meal of oats, 1 cent per pound; of
wheat, rye, corn, or buckwheat, one half cent per
pound.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I move to amend the
paragraph just read by striking out the words
"on flour or meal of oats, 1 cent per pound;
of wheat," and inserting in lieu thereof the
words "on flour or meal of oats or wheat,
three fourths of 1 cent per pound; of;" so
tbat the paragraph will read, " On flour or
meal of oats or wheat, three fourths of 1 cent
per pound ; of rye, corn, or buckwheat, one
half cent per pound." It will be seen that by
my amendment I propose to make the duty on
oatmeal and on wheat flour the same. By the
present tariff oatuieal is subjected to a duty of
10 per cent, ad valorem, and wheat flour to a
duty of 20 per cent, ad valorem; that is, the
duty on wheat flour is just twice that upon
oatmeal. The Committee of Ways and Means
propose by this bill to reverse that proportion,
and make the duty on oatmeal twice as high as
that upon wheat flour. I think they have made
a mistake in so doing.
The average price at which oatmeal was
imported during the years 1867 and 1868 was
$3 20 per hundred pounds, or about 3^ cents
perpoaud. The average price at which wheat
flour was imported daring the time was $3 64
per hundred pounds, or about 3J cents per
pound. If we look, then, at the value of the
two articles, wheat flcur should bear a trifle
more duty than Oatmeal. But aside from that
wheat flour is a more important article to be
protected. The Committee of Ways and Means
propose by this bill to raise the duty on oat-
meal from about one third of 1 cent per pound,
under the existing tariff, to 1 cent per pound,
or about treble the present rate of duty. Wheat
flour they propose to reduce from $1 32 per
barrel, the average rate for the last three years,
to 98 cents per barrel, or a reduction of
over 25 per cent. But the amendment which
1 have proposed permits the doubling of the
duty on oatmeal, which duty was perhaps too
low heretofore, and makes only a trifling addi-
tion to the duty upon wheat flour, according
to the average price for the last few years, I
think it is an increase of duty which the agri-
cultural interests of the country require.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend the
amendmentof the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Churchill,] by striking out the words
"three fourths of," so that the duty on flour
or meal of oats or wheat will be 1 cent per
pound. I move this amendment for the pur-
pose of showing where, in my judgment, the
money will come from that is paid as a duty
on thiscommodity. I was struck by the remarks
made by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Taylor] on this general subject. I happen to
have in my possession an illustration of what
he said, a couple of bills of sales or invoices, or
accounts of both of them actual trans-
actions by a commission house in the city of
Detriot within a short time past. The sales in
each case were of a hundred bushels of clover
seed. One lot was consigned by a farmer, the
name omitted, of Kingsville, Canada ; the
other by a farmer, name also omitted, of Kal-
amazoo, Michigan. The following are the
accounts of sale:
Account gales of clover seed sold for account of Cana-
dian farmer, Kinasville, Canada, by Moses W. Field
& Co., Detroit, Michigan.
100 bushels clover seed, at $9 ....$900
Disbursements and charges:
Freight and cartage $15
Paid United States duties, 2i per cent, and
30 per cent, ad valorem  215
Commission, 5 per cent  45
  275
Net proceeds $625
Account sales of clover seed sold for account of Amer-
ican farmer, Kalamazoo, Michigan, by Moses W.
Field & Co., Detroit, Michigan.
100 bushels clover seed, at $9 $900
Charges:
Freight and cartage   $15
Commission, 5 per cent  45
— 60
Net proceeds   ..$840
It will be seen by an examination of these
two accounts of sale, that the Canadian farmer
paid $215 for the expenses of this Government
and as taxes for its support. I think those
who cross the line for the purpose of trading
in our country and obtaining the benefits of
our markets can afford to pay some portion of
their profits into our Treasury. For that reason
I am in favor of keeping this duty at least as
high as it is now.
This bill proposes to reduce the present rate
of duty on wheat flour; for one half cent per
pound, the duty here proposed, is a reduction
of the present rate. The amendment I have
proposed, if it shall "he adopted, will make the
duty on wheat flour 1 cent per pound. The
bills of sale which I have just produced here
illustrate conclusively where the duty comes
from, who pays it, and who is relieved by its
payment.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I do not know but I
will accept the amendment of the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard.]
Mr. SCHENCK. The present duty on oat-
meal seems to be designed entirely for the
benefit of Canadian millers. I ask the Clerk
to read a communication on this subject.
The Clerk read as follows:
Apbil 28,1870.
Sir: We wish to call your attention to bill H. It.
No. 1068, page 21, line four hundred and eighty-seven.
Ten years ago we do not think there were 100 bar-
rels of oatmeal made in the United States in a year;
but this branch of manufacturing has increased very
fast the last seven years, until there is now made
about 40.000 barrels of oatmeal annually in the States
of New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Ohio, In-
diana, Illinois, Missouri, and Michigan.
Tho high price of gold the past seven years has
been a protective tariff, and has caused large mills
to be built for the manufacture of oatmeal in the
above-named States, the largest of which is in New
Jersey.
There are from forty to fifty oatmeal mills in Can-
ada, and the duty is only 10 per cent, ad valorem,
while the duty on oats is 10 cents per bushel. To
make a barrel of extra oatmeal (200 pounds) it takes
12 bushels of oats, (32 pounds to the bushel;) there-
fore the duty on the oats to make a barrel of oatmeal
is $1 20, while the duty on a barrel of oatmeal is 35
eents; so you will see our present tariff is 85 cents
per barrel in favor of the Canadian miller.
The reason for this is. New York city makes the
price for oats. You can take the price of oats in New
York and deduct the duty, freight, insurance, hand?
ling, and selling, and you will have the price in Can-
ada. To freight twelve bushels of oats from Canada
to New York would cost $1 50, and you can freight
a barrel of oatmeal from the same place to New York
for 90cents; therefore the difference in the freight
on the oats in bulk and the oats made into meal is
60 cents. Add this to the duty on the oats that it
takes to make a barrel of oatmeal and you have
$1 80. An empty barrel in New York costs 65 cents,
in Canada 35 cents. Add this difference to the $1 80
and youhave$2 10, which is the cost of oatmeal made
in New York more than the cost to make it in Can-
ada. This does not allow anything for the extra
cost of labor in New York, or the extra expense of
doing business. Therefore you will notice that to
make the duty 1 cent per pound, as is proposed in
the new bill, line four hundred and eighty-seven,
does not give tho manufacturer in New York orNew
Jersey any protection, but only places them on the
same footing as the Canada miller. You will also
notice it does give some protection to the millers in
the western or middle States as they have tho same
advantage on frefghts as the millers in Canada, that
is, the difference between the freight of a barrel of
oats made into meal and the freight on the oats in
bulk is their protection.
As gold declines this manufacture must stop. Wo
cannot now cope with Canada, and unless this bill
passes with the increased duty, every oatmeal mill
in the United States must close.
The revenue from the duty on oatmeal in the new
bill will no doubt be increased largely. Now, we do
not ask you to increase the duty on oatmeal for our
protection moro than you have, but we do ask you
to see to it that it passes as you have it in the new
bill. Wo think the tariff has been in favor of the
Canada millers long enough, and as the proposed
duty is fair and right in the new bill to all parties
we trust it will not be changed.
We would not trouble you with these facts only
that oatmeal manufacture being a very important
industry in Canada we are satisfied the Canadian
millers and importers and receivers of foreign meal
are making every effort to have the duty cut down.
Yours, very respectfully,
MILES & HOLMAN,
25 Whitehall street. New York city.
Hon. Robert C. Schenck,
Chairman Committee Ways and Means.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon
the amendment of the gentleman from Tennes-
see [Mr. Maynard] to the amendment of the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Churcuill.)
Mr. MAYNARD. I withdraw my amend-
ment that the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Coburn] may renew it.
Mr. COBURN. I renew the amendment.
I find gentlemen representing particular dis-
tricts and special industrial interests rise con-
stantly and insist upon the very highest rates
of duty for those localities and interests ; yet
they seem indifferent about extending equal
protection to other districts and other indus-
tries. Now, if we undertake to pass a tariff
law we ought to equalize the duties. This bill
has not been, as I think, arraugedin that way.
We have been putting up the duties all along
on various articles; but now when we reach an
article universally used the duty is to be cut
down more than 50 per cent. A duty of 20
per cent, ad valorem would be at the present
selling rate of flour ip New York $1 10 on a
hundred weight. This is under the existing
law now.
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman is referring
to the price at which it is imported.
Mr. COBURN. Bnt it cannot be imported,
I suppose, for very much less than it sells for
in New York. The foreigner is not going to
sell his product at very much less than we are
giving to our own people for the same product.
And the lower the price of flour, the less, of
course, will be the duty ad valorem. Now it
is, I think, a fair estimate to say that flour is
worth $5 per hundred weight; and on that
a duty of 20 per cent, would amount to $1.
The provision of the bill reduces the present
duty at least 50 per cent. Gentlemen here
propose to protect manufactures of iron and
zinc and nickel, and various other articles, by
increased duties; but on this great product
they propose to cut down the duty.
Mr. ALLISON. I would like to ask the
gentleman a question. I am very much im-
pressed with his argument in reference to the
farming interest, but I am not quite clear that
this duty affects the price of flour in New York.
Mr. COBURN. I have not said tbat it does.
Mr. ALLISON. I know the gentleman has
not. The question I desired to ask him was
whether he thinks that any duty which this
Congress is likely to impose upon wheat or
wheat flour will affect the market in this coun-
try, or, in other words, will be any protection
to the farming interest?
Mr. COBURN. The gentleman can answer
that question as well as I can.
Mr. ALLISON. And I answer it in the
negative.
Mr. COBURN. I do not answer it in the
negative. I disagree with the gentleman. A
large amount of wheat and of floor is prod need
