1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2477
The repoit was ordered to be printed, and
the committee were discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the petition.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 504) establishing the compensation of the
surveyor of customs of the port of St. Louis,
reported adversely thereon, and moved its in-
definite postponement; which was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. G01) declaring the consent of Congress to
the erection of a crib in Lake Brie by the city
of Cleveland, Ohio, for the protection of an
inlet for a water-works tunnel .about to be
constructed by said city, have directed me to
report it back and recommend its passage, and
at the request of the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman J I ask that it be put upon its passage
immediately. It will not occupy more than a
minute.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It will have to go on the
Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont objects to the present consid-
eration of the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. Allow me to say to the
Senator from Vermont that the city authori-
ties are about to start these water-works, and
I think there can be no objection to the bill.
If the Senator will hear the bill he will not
object to it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not object to it as a
bill, but there are thirty pensiou bills on the
Calendar to which nobody will object when
they are reached, and we shall never reach
them unless we take up the Calendar in its
order.
Mr. SHERMAN. They want to commence
the work.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And these widows are
anxious to commence receiving their pensions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Vermont object?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will go
upon the Calendar.
Mr. SPENCER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (II.
R. No. 1CG9) for the relief of Harriet E. Parker,
reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of the New York
Steamship Company, praying to be refunded
certain tonnage duties paid by the steamers
Morning Star and Evening Star, in New Or-
leans and New York, in 1863 and 1864, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration ;
which was agreed to.
Mr. HOWELL, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
759) to grant a pension to John C. Abercroin-
bie, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 537) for the
relief of James H. Bunce, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. PRATT. The Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Cowan and
Dickinson, of Ktioxville, Tennessee, wherein
t.liey pray compensation for two hundred and
fifty six bales of cotton that were seized by
order of General Burnside on the approach of
the rebel iforces under General Longstreet, after
consideration of the claim, have directed me
to report a bill granting to the claimants
$54,880 as compensation for the loss of their
cotton, and recommend the passage of the bill.
There is a written report, a pretty extensive
one, which I ask to have printed.
The bill (S. No. 704) for the relief of Cowan
• and Dickinson, of Ivnoxville, Tennessee, was
read, and passed to a second reading; and the
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Stuart
Barnes, late captain and acting quartermaster
United States volunteers, prayingto be relieved
from his accountability for losses sustained
while in the Army, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration ; which was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. DRAKE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
765) to confer jurisdiction on the Court of
Claims to hear and determine the suit of Caron-
delet vs. The United States; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
Mr. RICE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
7GG) granting lands to aid in the construction
of a railroad and telegraph line in Colorado
and New Mexico; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. McDONALD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 707) for the relief of Edward Fitzgerald,
Roman Catholic bishop of Little Rock ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 708) in relation to the place of holding the
district court for the middle district of Ala-
bama; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 7G9) to secure a uniform and permanent
system of levees for the reclamation and pro-
tection of the alluvial lands of the Mississippi
valley from overflow; which was read twice
by its title.
Mr. KELLOGG. I desire to say that dur-
ing the last two or three years bills looking to
this object have been introduced by Senators
from different States bordering on the Missis-
sippi river. I now introduce this bill in com-
pliance with the scheme proposed by the
Louisville convention ; and I shall ask for its
early consideration by the Committee on Pub-
lie Lands, of which my honorable friend from
Kansas [Mr. Pomeiioy] is chairman. I move
that the bill be referred to that committee, and
be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 770) to incorporate the El Paso Railroad
Company; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road, and ordered to be printed.
LAND Ol't'ICli REDOUT.
Mr. WILLIAMS submitted the following
resolution; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing :
llesolvcd, That the Congressional Printer be, and
hois hereby, authorized to cause to be printed for the
use of the Senate tiuec thousand copies of the repoit
in fult of the Commissioner of the General Land OtDpo
for the year I8U9, with accompanying maps, and in
addition thereto two thousand copies fordistribution
bysaid Commissioner; also, fordistribution through
the State Department, of a condensed edition of said
reportcontaininnraii the items of general interest, with
accompanying connected map of the United States
and Territories showing the progress of public sur-
veys and topographical features of the country, as
follows, namely: in German, three thousand copies;
m French, one thousand copies; and in Swedish, one
thousand copies.
BUY A 51 II. YOUKG.
Mr. DAVIS submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War transmit to
the Senate the report of an -Army officer to General
Swords in relation to the claim of Bryan It. Young
against th e United States, the certificate or statement
of General "Wood that ho had issued an order for the
troops under his command to take fuel or other quar-
termaster's stores from the lands and premises of the
said Young, and all other information in relation to
said claim.
OKDElt OF BUSINESS.
Mr. RICE. I move that the present and all
prior orders of the morning hour be postponed
for the purpose of taking up Senate resolution
No. 165.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is that in order ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The concurrent
resolution ot the House of Representatives pro-
viding for the appointment of a joint commit-
tee to consider a change of the Indian pol-
icy is now the business regularly before tire
Senate, pending which the Senator from Ark-
ansas moves that the present and all other
orders be postponed for the purpose indicated
by him.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I'think we had better take
them one at a time to-day. I want to pass
four or live pension bills- that we shall reach
if we go down through the Calendar in regular
order, and there are several other bills that can
be passed in that way. So I ask that each res-
olution and bill which it is proposed to post-
pone may be laid before the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN.- I suggest that by unani-
mous consent the honorable Senator from Ver-
mont be allowed to pass his pension bills—I
think that is right; pension bills ought to have
preference, and then we can get at other busi-
ness.
Mr. POMEROY. As we have laid over the
Georgia bill, I think we had better devote to-day
to passing bills by unanimous consent.
JVIr. STEWART. I hope the Senator from
Arkansas will have unanimous consent for the
passage of the measure to which he has called
attention.
Mr. CONKLING. I suggest that by unani-
mous consent every Senator be allowed to take
up what ho wants. [Laughter.]
Mr. POMEROY. Whatever can be done by
unanimous consent let it be done to-day. That
is my suggestion.
Mr. RICE. I will then ask unanimous con-
sent to have the Senate eonsiderthe joint reso-
lution which I have indicated, and 1 desire to
make a statement in regard to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the Senator from Arkansas being allowed
to make a statement? The Chair hears none.
Mr. RICE. The statement I wish to make
is that the joint resolution I propose to have
passed is to extend the time for the completion
of twenty miles of railroad in the State of Ark-
ansas. The time runs out on the 28th of April.
If the measure is not passed through both
Houses by that time the grant lapses. It is a
granttothe State ofArkansas. It is a grant that
the State is interested in for the purpose of
building the most important road in the State.
It is not a question of a company, but a ques-
tion of benefit to the State ofArkansas. I have
no speech to make in its behalf. It will vindi-
cate itself when it is read, and will take no time.
Mr. CONKLING. Is that all there is in it?
Mr. RICE. All there is.
Mr. CONKLING. Is there any adverse
claim in any way ?
Mr. RICE. No adverse claim at all.
Mr. STEWART. It is simply a question of
giving a little more time to construct the road.
Mr. KELLOGG. Is it the road from Little
Rock 
Mr. RICE. The road from Cairo to Pulton,
running through the heart of the State of
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the present consideration of the joint
resolution ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir.
Mr. RICE. I move, then, that the present
and all prior orders be postponed for the pur-
pose of taking up this joint resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Arkansas.
Mr. KELLOGG. I think the Senator from
Vermont vvill withdraw his objection when he
understands the object of the Senator from
Arkansas.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I give notice to the Sen-
ator from Louisiana that I will not withdraw
the objection, if that is satisfactory, and I wish
him to understand, as my friend from Arkan-
sas does perfectly understand, that I am not
objecting to this bill, (although I am told it is
