5310
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7,
Now, the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Churchill] himself, and the majority of the
committee, will concede that if this registration
in the county of Monroe was fraudulent and
void their case is gone. I ask the members of
the House to read the argument of the majority
on page 13, where in regard to one township
they admit substantially all the facts I have
(named and all the positions 1 have taken. I
hold and believe firmly that the evidence against
the entire couuty of Monroe is as strong and
overwhelming as it is against that township or
any other township in the district. In one in-
stance a certificate was produced from a magis-
trate containing the names of some hundred
voters who were authorized to vote, amount-
ing to 214, and they were divided at the rate
of two for Switzler and one for Dyer, and re-
turned just exactly as if the votes were received
and polled as on a list of registration. Still
they made returns that every one had been
there and that no more had been there, although
their own polls show that there had been more
than twice as many there, and that seventy-
four of the number put down were not there at
all. But they give Mr. Dyer 71 votes and Mr.
Switzler 146 votes, and fix up the return and
send it to the court.
Then they bring forward their own Demo-
cratic officer, who has custody of the papers,
and he very politely says, "I have the papers,
but I will not show you what they are." They
did not recognize out there the jurisdiction of
this abolition House of Congress. They denied
the right and jurisdiction of this House to exam-
ine the papers. This Democratic official refused
to open the polls or to allow any examination
to be made. Yet my friend from New York
[Mr. Ciiurciiill] would require Mr. Dyer to
go outside of this county and all over the State,
wherever these rebels have gone, and get each
one of them to swear that he was a rebel, and
therefore not qualified to vote.
I believe I have now said all that the char-
acter of this case requires; I will, therefore,
yield the floor to the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Churchill] to call the previous
question and to divide the hour. And if he
will give it to me I will take the first half hour
and dispose of it as I thiuk proper.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I now call the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I now yield for half
an hour to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Cessna.]
Mr. CESSNA, I now yield to the gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. Benjamin] for ten
minutes.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I can but glance at this
case in ten minutes. And I would not occupy
even that length of time except that there are
some few circumstances that enter into this
question with which I am perfectly familiar,
having had a great deal of interest in it while
the canvass and election were going on.
The House has been introduced to a Mr.
Mayo, the superintendent of registration for
this senatorial district, which is composed of
three counties, the counties of Howard and
Raudolph, in my congressional district, and the
county of Monroe, in the ninth congressional
district, now represented by the sitting member
in this case. The law of the State of Missouri
provides that the Governor of the State shall
appoint a superintendent of registration for
each senatorial district, which superintendent
shall designate the various registrars to register
the legal voters preceding every election.
As members are well aware, the present
Governor of the State of Missouriisa Radical,
and, as was but natural, he appointed Radical
superintendents of registration. They call
them Radicals out there, because they are, as
a general thing, Radical, and extremely so;
at least .they were so during the rebellion,
and they have not yet forgotten their Radi-
calism.
Mr. LAWRENCE. They are radically right
out there.
Mr. BENJAMIN. They think they are right.
Mr. Mayo was appointed as a Radical. He had
acted with the Radical party from the begin-
ning. But his place of residence was in one
of the most extremely disloyal counties in the
whole State of Missouri, the county of Ran-
dolph, in my congressional district. He was
surrounded by rebels on every hand. During
all the scenes of the rebellion, and since the
rebellion, notwithstanding all the disfranchise-
ment there has been in Missouri, the vote of
that county has been Democratic by at least
ten to one. It was amidst such a population
as that that Mr. Mayo lived. The other coun-
ties composing his district, the counties of
Howard and Monroe, were of the same polit-
ical character.
As I said, Mr. Mayo was appointed as a
Radical by a Radical Governor. He accepted
the appointment, and went on and appointed
his registrars, every one of whom was a Rad-
ical. Prior to the commencement of the regis-
tration, as is shown here bj the testimony, Mr.
William A. Hall, an ex-member of this House,
and Mr. Reed, a senator in the Legislature of
the State of Missouri, togetherwith other prom-
inent men of that county, went to Mayo, and
made this direct offer of a bribe to him: " If
you will remove these Radicals whom you have
appointed to register the voters of this district,
and appoint others who will register in our in-
terest"—for that is the plain English of their
proposition—"you shall have the office of
sheriff of this county;" the political character
of the county, as I have said, being greatly
disloyal.
He says further that he questioned the sin-
cerity of the parties in making him that offer;
that then they said, "To furnish to your entire
satisfaction evidence of our sincerity there shall
be from three to five thousand dollars depos-
ited in a certain bank in your town subject to
your order." Of course he says he did not
accept the money. If he had said that he did
accept it a grand jury might possibly have
indicted Mm; for receiving money under such
circumstances, and for such a purpose, is an
offense against the law of Missouri, as of every
other State. But we are to judge of these
things more by the actions of men than by their
words. The result was that he did turn in and
remove every one of these registrars, save, I
believe, one, who yielded to his demands. He
appointed otners in their stead who wenton and
made in the three counties a registration which
was entirely satisfactory to the rebel party of
that district, and upon that registration the vote
was cast. All this will not be denied. Indeed
it appears in the proof. What was the result?
Let me say right here that the aim of this
thing was not alone to affect the ninth con-
gressional district, or that senatorial district;
for, upon a fair registration, the vote was
largely with the party in power there—the
Democratic party. The grand aim was to affect
the eighth congressional district, the one which
I have the honor to represent. As was natural,
I felt a good deal of interest in the result of
that registration. I went to the county of Ran-
dolph and the county of Howard to see how
things were going on—not to interpose any
objection to the registration, for I had made
up my mind that they might register every
rebel there, and not only there but in the resi-
due of the district, and I could still beat them—
but I had a desire to see how the thing was
carried on. I went there and saw the registra-
tion with my own eyes. The result was that
in those two counties they registered at least
3,000 votes, a majority of which were polled
against me, or rather, all that were polled at
all were polled against me. But that does not
enter into the case we are now trying as to the
county of Monroe.
The result of the registration there was that
from I860 to 1868 the registration was increased
fourfold. Nobody who knows anything about
the matter will pretend that there had been
any great increase of the loyal population of
that county. My friend from New York, [Mr.
Churchill,] who represents the majority of
the committee, says that the registration of
1866 is as much open to criticism as the regis-
tration of 1868, implying that in the registra-
tion of 1866 many legal votes may have been
thrown out. Now, there is one circumstance
which effectually disproves the idea that any-
body thought there was an illegal registration
in 1866. There was a contest in this House,
growing out of the election in 1866, in which
the same contestant prosecuted his claim to a
seat filled by Mr. Anderson, the predecessor
of the silting member. The contestant went
over the district hunting up the illegal regis-
tries so far as they were brought to light; and
not a single word was said by him, either in
his notice of contest or in any evidence that
was taken in that contest, of any illegal regis-
tration in the county of Monroe ; nor was there
any allegation that any legally qualified voter
was refused registration there. If, in the judg-
ment of the contestant, there had been any
illegal registration in 1866, we certainly should
have heard of it in that contest.
But, Mr. Speaker, in regard to the county
of Monroe, I live within ten miles of its bor-
der ; I have lived there nearly a quarter of a
century ; I was there when the first gun of the
rebellion was fired ; I was there, or about there,
until the last gun was discharged, and knew the
people of Monroe county nearly as well as the
people of the county where I lived. Early in
the rebellion nearly every loyal man in Mon-
roe county who dared to open his mouth in
favor of the Union was driven out of its bor-
ders. There was not a solitary exception
among the arms-bearing population ; not one.
It so happened that I was raising a regiment
of men for the Union Army in the adjoining
county at that time, and the Union men who
were driven out nearly all fled to my headquar-
ters and enlisted in the regiment which 1 had
the honor to command. Some few of them
enlisted in other regiments. As stated by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cessna,]
only thirty-five Eederal soldiers were credited
to the county of Monroe from the first to the
last day of the war. It is a pregnant fact. In
the course of my military experience I made
frequent visits to the county of Monroe. It
was the place where disloyalists fleeing from
other counties took shelter all the time. I made
frequent expeditions into the county of Monroe,
and I state it as a fact that in every expedition
I made I never meta Union man in that county
who dared announce his adhesion to the old flag
of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time has
expired.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Only a word more.
Mr. CESSNA. I yield to the gentleman for
another minute.
Mi'. BENJAMIN. One word in reply to the
argument of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Churchill] as to the reason why no
objections were made to these parties being
registered by loyal men or by the Radicals in
the county of Monroe. I will state to the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Churchill,]
that to-day he cannot with the stars and stripes
travel from one end of the county of Monroe
to the other unless, perchance, he commends
himself to their favor by the report and speech
which he has made in this case. The stars
and stripes have never been raised there since
the war. They cannot be raised with safety; and
if the gentleman should attempt to do it, I fear
very much the Sergeant-at-Arms of the House
would have to be sent out there, as he was sent
the other day to Richmond, in order to protect
him from assault in making so hazardous an
attempt.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish the gentleman from
Missouri to allow me to make an inquiry.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Certainly.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 should like to know
