1534
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
He also presented a memorial of the National
Board of Trade of the United States, suggest-
ing a remedy for the present scarcity of Amer-
ican seamen, and praying the enactment,
during the present session of Congress, of a
marine apprentice law; which was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CAMERON. I am requested to present
a memorial of the select and common councils
of the city of Philadelphia, of the Franklin
Institute of that city, and of the Legislature of
the State of Pennsylvania, on the subject of
the appropriate celebration of the centennial
anniversary of American independence. I
will say to the Senate that a committee of the
Philadelphia councils, and I believe of the
Legislature of Pennsylvania, will be here in a
day or two to try to make some arrangements
in regard to this matter. I suppose the memo-
rial can only lie on the table at present; and I
make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. McCREEKY presented two petitions
of citizens of Kentucky, praying for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CORBETT. I present the petition of
Mrs. Julia Traynor, wife of a soldier who had
long been in the service of his country but who
at the time of his death was not actually an
enlisted man. He was, however, a packer for
the Government, and during a fight with the
Indians at the "Infernal caverns," in Oregon,
under General Crook, one of the soldiers being
shot, Mr. Traynor took his gun and entered
the fray, and was killed. She asks that a pen-
sion be allowed her. I move the reference of
her petition to the Committee on Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CORBETT also presented a memorial
of the Board of Trade of the United States,
suggesting a remedy, for the present scarcity
of American seamen and praying the enact-
ment of a marine apprentice law; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
He also presented a petition from citizens
of Oregon, praying the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. WARNER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Alabama, praying the removal of the
political disabilities imposed upon John An-
thony Winston, of that State; which was re-
ferred to the select Committee on the Removal
of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petition of Daniel
Tubbs, praying to be allowed a pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. OASSERLY presented several peti-
tions of citizens of California, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CASSERLY. I present another peti-
tion, a little different in its nature, praying
that provision be made by law for the com-
pulsory prepayment of all domestic postages
except on such matters as may be excepted
by special enactment. I move its reference
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY also presented a memorial
of the Chamber of Commerce of San Francisco,
California, asking for the construction of build-
ings for the use of the General Government
011 property of the Government in that city;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
.Mr. ROSS presented five petitions of citi-
zens of the Republican valley, in Kansas, pray-
ing for llie passage of the bill now pending to
construct a railroad through that valley; which
were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SCOTT presented a petition of citizens
of Butler county, Pennsylvania, praying for
Rticli an amendment to the Constitution of the
United States as will recognize Almighty God
as the source of all authority and power in
civil government; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. PRATT presented a petition of citizens
of Indiana, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. LEWIS presented "the petitions of Wil-
liam P. Cecil, Tazewell county, Virginia; of
Charles Sitlington, Bath county, Virginia; of
James W. Williams, Giles county, Virginia; of ,
Peter F. Easman, Rockingham county, Vir- '
ginia; of Samuel L. Graham, Tazewell county,
Virginia; of LytMeton Itoyster, New Kent
county, Virginia, praying for the removal of
their political disabilities; which was referred
to the select Committee on the Removal of
Political Disabilities.
Mr. ROBERTSON presented the petitions
of I. F. Drake, B. F. Grafton, Ira B. G'oltrane,
Isaac C. Wolfe, Robert L. Rayland, and James
H. Francis, of Tazewell county, Virginia ; of
A. Webb, Joseph W. Rawlings,'John P. Ray- j
land, Cyrus Price, S. Collyer, jr., Albert Tutt,
William R. B. Wyatt, D. S. Cowles, F. L. ,
Brockett, John Henderson, W. A. Gillespie,
Thomas B. Massie, I. 11. Johnston, S. H. Par-
sons, and T. T. Fauntleney, of Virginia, pray-
ing for the removal of their political disabili-
ties; which were referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, to whom the subject was
referred, reported a joint resolution (S. R. No.
139) to enable the Court of Claims to hear and
determine the claim of George F. Werborn, a
subject of the king of Prussia; which was read,
and passed to a second reading.
Mr. SCOTT, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 97) to restore William Pollard
to his original rank in the Engineer corps of
the United States Navy, reported it with an
amendment.
Mj^. POOL, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
578) to amend the laws regulating trade and i
intercourse with the Indian tribes, asked to be \
discharged from its further consideration, and
that it be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to whom was referred the joint reso-
lution (S. It. No. 3) in relation to establishing
the boundary line between the State of Arkansas
and the Choctaw and Chickasaw nations, re-
ported in favor of its indefinite postponement;
and the report was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 195) to authorize the Secretary ofWar
to place at the disposal of the soldiers' monu-
ment committee of Rock Island county. Illinois,
certain condemned ordnance, reported it with-
out amendment.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of George !
W. Tarleton, praying to be relieved against the
effects of a certain seizure, confiscation, and
sale of his property by order of the district
court for the northern district of New York,
submitted a report accompanied by a bill (S.
No. 582) for the relief of George W. Tarleton.
The bill was read and passed to a second read-
ing, and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WARNER. The Committee on Finance,
to whom was referred the joint resolution (S.
R. No. 94) for the relief of J. R. Clark, have
instructed me to report it back with an amend-
ment; and as it is a case of individual hard-
ship I ask for its present consideration.
Mr. STEWART. It will take up the morn-
ing hour.
Mr. COLE. I hope objection will not be
made.
Mr. STEWART. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the joint resolution cannot be consid- ,
ered at this time. |
Mr. HOWE, from the joint Committee on '
the Library, to whom was referred a resolu-
tion to appropriate money for the purchase of
a painting of Abraham Lincoln by Mr. J. H.
Littlefield, reported adversely, and moved its
indefinite postponement; which was agreed to.
Mr. BOREMAN, from the Committee on
Territories, to whom was referred the bill (II.
R. No. 840) amendatory of the organic law of
Colorado Territory, and for other purposes,
reported it with an amendment.
MRS. E. GRACE STEVENS.
Mr. DRAKE. The Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the joint reso-
lution (S. li. No. 137) for the relief of Mrs. E.
Grace Stevens, have instructed me to report
the same back, with an accompanying written
report. As this is a matter which I think will
commend itself to the acceptance of every Sen-
ator, and will take but a moment, I ask unan-
imous consent to have it acted on now.
By unanimous consent the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution (S. R. No. 137) for the
relief of Mrs. E. Grace Stevens. It is a direc-
tion to the Secretary of the Treasury to cause
to be paid to Mrs. E. Grace Stevens, widow of
H. K. Stevens, late a lieutenant in the United
States Navy, the sum of $630, being the amount
reserved out of his pay as such lieutenant, upon
an allotment ticket for her benefit, while he was
at sea on board the United States ship Ports-
mouth.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, and ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. HOWE. Is there a report accompany-
ing the resolution ?
Mr. DRAKE. There is a written report,
which can be read in a moment if the Senator
from Wisconsin desires it.
Mr. HOWE. Let it be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
The Committee on Naval Affairs, to whom was
referred the joint resolution (S. R. No. 137) for the
relief of Mrs. E. Grace Stevens, have had the same
under consideration, and beg leave to submit the
following report:
Mrs. E. Grace Stevens is the widow of H. K. Ste-
vens. late a lieutenant in the United Slates Navy.
In September, I860, Lieutenant Stevens being about
to sail on the United States ship Portsmouth on a
cruise on the coast of Africa, left an allotment ticket
of fifty dollars per month, payable to his wife out of
his pay.
During nearly the whole of the succeeding year
Mrs. Stevens was absent from the country at the
island of Madeira, and drew no part of the allotment
aforesaid.
In September, 1861, the Portsmouth rotnrned to
this country, and the officers thereof were required
to take an oath of allegiance to the United States.
This oath Lieutenant Stevens refused to take, and
in consequence was dismissed from the naval service
on the 30th of September, 1861. He then engaged in
the service of the rebels, where ho was afterward
killed.
Mrs. Stevens went to South Carolina with her
husband, and returned thence immediately after his
death. For years afterward she was in the West, and
it was not until 1869 that she applied for the payment
of the amount due her under the allotment ticket
aforesaid.
Upon applying therefor she was informed that the
allowance thereof was forbidden by the joint reso-
lution prohibiting the payment by any officer of the
Government to any person not known to have been
opposed to the rebellion and in faror of its suppres-
sion, approved March 2,1867.
Satisfactory evidence has been presented to the
committee that Mrs. Stevens was throughout the
war opposed to the rebellion and in favor of its sup-
pression.
It appears from the books of the Treasury Depart-
ment tnat $630 had accrued to Mrs. Stevens under
the allotment ticket aforesaid np to the date of her
husband's dismissal from the service.
Upon these facts your committee do not perceive
any sufficient reason why she should not receive the
amount so accrued; and they therefore report back
the resolution for her relief, and recommend that it
do pass.
Mr. HOWE. I would inquire of the Senator
from Missouri, what is the evidence of the
loyalty of this lady?
Mr. DRAKE. I would state that this lady
is the daughter of the late General Totten,
chief engineer of the Army, and is by con-
sanguinity related to myself. I have known
her for years. She is also the sister-in-law of
Commander Temple of the United States Navy,
