2478
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
an improper bill;) but we have endeavored by
the consent of the Senate to adopt a rule which
would give every gentleman having business in
charge a fair chance in his order, and to save
the time of the Senate in endless discussion
upon the subject of what shall be taken up, that
lias occupied one third of the time of the Sen-
ate since I have been here, I verily believe.
We have therefore agreed upon a rule of this
kind, and we have so far violated it every day;
and I wish to try it, at the expense of coarse
of receiving some personal resentment, which,
as my constituents have not any land grants
or other things to ask for, I can bear probably
as well as anybody. Let us try this rule for a
day or two and see whether it will work or no t.
It certainly will never work until we put it in
practice. That is my apology if an apology is
needed, and my justification if a justification is
needed. Therefore I ask that whatever ease
is now on the Calendar aa the first business in
order may be taken up, and either passed over,
if the Senate do not want to consider it to-day,
and the next taken up, or else considered aud
disposed of.
Mr. STEWART. I wish to make a remark
about this rule. The effect of it has been to
prevent any business being done. I have not
attempted to violate the rule, but I see it works
great inconvenience and accomplishes no good
purpose. I hold in my hand a little bill which
I have been trying to get passed for some time
that would save three or four hundred thou-
sand dollars in the way of mail contracts by
getting rid of sham bids. I have been trying
to get it up for some time, and been wailing
to get an opportunity to do so. I see no chance
of having it disposed of, and in a little while
it will be too late to pass it. X think we had
better abrogate this rule at once. I think now
we had better take up the bill of the Senator
from Arkansas. We did get some business
done under the old rule.
Mr. RICE. I will state to the Senator from
Vermont that so far as I am concerned I have
detained the Senate about as little as any other
Senator here, and I do not propose to detain
it now, and I would not make this motion but
for the fact that if this grant is going to be
extended it must bo extended almost imme-
diately, or else the extension will do no good.
If there is opposition to this measure, and
Senators wish to vote it down, be it so ; but
if they are going to pass it at all I should like to
have it passed now, when it can do some good,
so that it can go to the House of Representa-
tives and get through there in time to save the
grant.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Arkansas.
The question being put, the motion was
declared to be agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to know what the
motion is. What is the pending question ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
stated it twice. The motion was to postpone
the present and all prior orders for the pur-
pose of considering the joint resolution indi-
cated by the Senator from Arkansas.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I respectfully submit that
that motion is not in order under the rule,
which declares that every case on the Calendar
shall be taken up and proceeded with or else
passed over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
ruled upon that point made by the Senator from
Vermont. It came up some days since while
the Senator was absent. By the eleventh rule,
an old rule, it is provided that—
"When a question ;s under debate no motionshall
be received but to adjourn; to proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business; to lay on thotable;
to postpone indefinitely; to postpono to a day cer-
tain; to commit; or to amend."
Under this eleventh rule it has been the
uniform practice of the Senate to entertain a
motion to postpone the present and all other
orders, and after that to move to proceed to the
consideration of anything that the Senator mak-
ingthe motion desired. A new rule was adopted
by the Senate, which stated that the special and
general orders should be taken up and disposed
of in their regular order; aud in that ease the
following motions should be in order at any
time as privileged motions, save as against a
motion to adjourn or to jiroceed to the consid-
eration of executive business, and should be
undebatable and have all the rights of questions
of order; "first, a motion to pass over a pend-
ing subject, and second, a motion to placo it
at the foot of the Calendar."
This rule does not seem to repeal the eleventh
rule. It seems to be in addition to it; and the
Chair can illustrate it. The Senator from
Arkansas desires to proceed to the considera-
tion of a railroad bill; the Senator from Ver-
mont desires to proceed to the consideration
of a pension bill. The pension bill may be-
the third bill on the Calendar, and the rail-
road hill may be the twentieth bill on the Cal-
endar. When the Senator from Arkansas
makes the motion uuder the eleventh rule to
postpone the present, and all other orders, the
Senator from Vermont desiring not to have his
bill passed over, would have the right to move
under this rule, and with priority of motion,
to pass over the first bill and the second bill,
so as to reach his bill and make a stand upon
it against the antagonizing motion of the Sen-
ator from Arkansas. The Chair thinks that is
a fair construction of the rules taken together.
Of course it is difficult to construe new laws,
new rules, and constitutional amendments; but
the Chair construes them all together if it
is possible according to the usual legal doe-
trine.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Chair will permit
me to make a remark in thai connection 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Chair will road
the first clause of the new rule he will find that
it declares positively and expressly and in ex-
plicit language that every case on the Calendar
shall be taken up and proceeded with in its
order. That being tho last rule on the subject,
it seems to my mind to control definitely the
way in which bills standing on the Calendar
shall be treated, and while the old motion would
still be in order, to postpone to a day certain,
it would take that bill out of the way, and then
the next one on the Calendar would imme-
diately come up. But the new rule being in-
tended, and saying so in terms, to give every
case on the Calendar a fair chance to be brought
before tho Senate, not depending upon who
would be successful in catching the eye of tho
Presiding Officer among so many, the very lan-
guage of it seems to say that every case on the
Calendar shall be taken up and proceeded with
unless it is passed over or laid aside. That is
the suggestion I wish to make. Of course I
do not desire to appeal from any ruling of the
Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state in justification of his ruling that when
the first motion of this kind was made, iu the
absence of the Senator from Vermont, ho con-
sulted with the only member of tho Committee
on Rules who was present, and who now sits
near the Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Pome-
roy,] aud also those Senators who had been
familiar with the duties of this Chair before his
entrance into this body as its Presiding Officer,
and they concurred with the Chair in the opin-
ion that the old rule and tho old usage were
not abrogated, but that these two undebatable
propositions were in addition to the old usage
and the old rule. The Chair therefore so ruled.
He had some little doubt about it; but the
Chair thought, after having taken counsel with
the only member of the Committee on Rules
then present, that this was the fair and legiti-
mate construction of the rule; not impeding the
business. He will state in addition that under
the eleventh rule, and under all the rules of the
Senate previously, the Calendar has always been
considered to be before the Senate in its regu-
lar order. That is the understanding of the
rule. The Chair does not desire to construe it
differently from the wish of the Senate; but he
thought the rules should be construed together.
Unless a division is now demanded 
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not ask for any
division.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
agreed to ; and the resolution of the Senator
from Arkansas is before the Senate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, and will be reported by
tho Secretary.
CAIltO AND FULTON RAILROAD.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the joint resolution (S.
R. No. 105) extending the time for the comple-
tion of the first section of twenty miles of the
Cairo aud I'ulton railroad. It provides that
in case the Cairo and Fulton Railroad Com-
pany shall complete the first section of twenty
miles of tho road by the 20th of December,
1870, and the Secretary of the Interior shall
be satisfied of such completion, the company
shall be entitled to its lands in all respects
and to the same extent as it would have been
bad the twenty miles been completed by the
28th of April, 1870, as provided by the law
relating to that railroad company.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
JOINT INDIAN COMMITTEE.
The VICE PRESIDENT. During the pend-
ency of this joint resolution the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Sherman] asked unanimous con-
sent that the Senate proceed to the consider-
ation of pension bills on the Calendar. Is
there objection to that order?
Mr. HAMLIN. I object.
Mr. STEWART. I movo to postpone all
prior orders and proceed to the consideration
of Senate joint resolution No. 159, which is a
joint resolution to enable the Postmaster Gen-
eral to dispose of a lot of sham bids that are
in the way of letting contracts.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What are the prior orders?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The prior orders
are resolutions, special orders, and the general
Calendar.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the one that
stands at the head ?
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. It is the con-
current resolution of the House of Represent-
atives for a special joint committee, to whom
shall be referred the subject of the propriety of
a change or modification of the Indian policy.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that that be put
at the foot of the Calendar of resolutions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion has
priority. The Senator from Nevada moves to
postpone the present and all other orders for
the purpose of considering the joint resolution
indicated by him ; but the Senator from Ver-
mont makes a motion of higher privilege, to
postpone the pending resolution, which is the
concurrent resolution iu regard to Indian pol-
icy, and to place it at the foot of the Calendar.
Mr. HARLAN. Would not amotion to pass
it over have precedence?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion
would have priority.
Mr. HARLAN. I prefer that it should be
passed over if there is more important business
to be considered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion is
a motion of still higher precedence. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Iowa,
that the concurrent resolution in regard to a
joint committee on Indian policy be passed
over.
The motion was agreed to.
TAX ON DISTILLED SPIRITS.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the next business
on the Calendar ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the next resolution on the Calendar.
The Secretary. The next resolution is a
resolution submitted by Mr. Cole on the 14th
