3422
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May. 12,
in Canada. There is a great wheat-producing
region all along north of us, and the wheat
and the flour of thfit region are imported and
come into competition with our American
products. Our importations of wheat last year
amounted in value to $1,270,000; of wheat
{lour, $406,000; of rye flour, $97,000; and
there was also a large importation of oat meal,
&c. As we are thus importing large quantities
of these articles, the duty imposed may affect
the price. The New England States produce
very little wheat; must buy almost all they use, '
and the demand of millions of consumers must
affect the price; so, too, with other large dis-
tricts iu the Atlantic States.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ALLISON. I am not particular as to
what this rate of duty shall be. As I under-
stand, this duty upon wheat flour affects par-
ticular localities only. I do not believe that
any duty we may place upon wheat or wheat
flour will materially affect the price of those
commodities in the great markets of this coun-
try. For instance, it costs the farmer of Iowa
more than the amount of this entire duty to
transport his wheat from the Mississippi river
to Chicago. In addition to that we are con-
stantly exporting our wheat and our flour.
This duty, it is true, may affect those upon the
border who consume wheat and flour. But I '
do not wish any gentleman to be misled into |
supposing that a duty of half a cent a pound |
on flour or 20 cents a bushel on wheat is any j
protection to the American farmer. It is not.
1 believe that as a revenue measure this duty
is proper, because the Canadian farmer upon
the border is obliged to sell his wheat and his 1
flour to his nearest neighbors upon our Bide, in
Os wegoand Ogdensburg, or, if you please, Port-
land and Boston, and he receives just that much
less for his wheat if he sells it in our market.
Therefore, I think there is good ground for the
argument of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
that this is a revenue measure and not a meas-
ure for protection.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman ac-
cept this as a revenue measure at 1 cent per
pound?
Mr. ALLISON. Certainly I will accept it.
I yield whatever time I have left to the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Churchill.]
Mr. CHURCHILL. The rate proposed by
the committee, as stated by the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. "Coburn,] reduces the average
duty on flour. The average duty on a barrel
of flour from Canada for the last three years
has been $1 82, while this bill will reduce it
to 98 cents, which is a reduction of 25 per cent.
As to the letter read by the Clerk, at the
•request of the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, on the subject of oatmeal,
I think it shows that the protection proposed
bv ray amendment is ample for the purpose
of that manufacture. That letter states that
ten years ago there was substantially no man-
ufacture of oatmeal in this country, while we
now manufacture 40,000 barrels a year. For
the first six years there was free trade between
Canada and the United States in oatmeal, and
for the last four the duty was only 10 per cent.
Now, a manufacture which has sprung up from
nothing—for six years under free trade, and
for four years under a duty of 10 per cent—
can flourish under the duty proposed in my
amendment.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mi". Maynard's amendment to the amend-
ment was agreed to.
The question then recurred on Mr. Chctiich-
ill's amendment, as amended; and it was
agreed to'.
Mr. SCHENCIL I move in the four hun-
dred and eighty-eighth line to strike out " one
half." Mr. Chairman, when I spoke generally
of this bill in the debate before we began to
consider the bill by paragraphs 
. Mr. CONGER. I rise to a point, af order,
I wish to hear the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, but from the noiso in the
House 1 am unable to hear what is said.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, I gave
notice at the time the general debate was
closed, as will be remembered, in regard to
this bill that as a matter of course no bill could
have been reported had we waited until the
whole committee had agreed. I differed from
the committee, reserving the right to express
that difference in the House, in relation to some
items retained in the bill. These items we have
been considering this morning. Live animals
and the cereals are among those on which that
difference existed.
Mr. CONGER. I do insist that only one
member shall be speaking at the same time,
and in order that we may hear the gentleman
from Ohio the House shall be kept in order.
The CHAIRMAN called the committee to
order, and members holding conversation in
the aisles were required to take their seats.
Mr. SCHENCK. It has been my desire in
regard to all these products of the f« rm all
over the country to have some protection
equivalent to that which is given to manufac-
tured articles, and I have therefore preferred
in committee, as I prefer here, if any change
be made, it shall be in raising the duties where
we seem to be justified in doing so than in low-
ering them. 1 agree in part to what has been
said by my friend from Michigan, [Mr. Conger,]
that many of these productions, on account
of their bulky character, do not need so much
protection as small articles of manufacture ;
but they do need something more than they
have generally heretofore enjoyed. It is not
a great amount of protection to give 10 per
cent, or 20 per cent, on flour made from dif-
ferent grains, when so much more than that is
given to the production of different manufac-
tures throughout the country, and though we
may not seek to place the figure measure at
an ad valorem, standard at so high a rate for
these items as upon many other articles, I
claim the policy of those who made tariffs
heretofore has been generally to overlook alto-
gether, or put at an unreasonably low figure,
those articles which are the products of our
own agricultural districts. I think the tariff
upon all the meals, including flour of wheat,
should have been raised rather than lowered.
I have voted for 1 cent upon wheat flour,
which I deemed to be hardly sufficient. And
I will vote for 1 cent on the flour or meal of rye,
corn, and buckwheat. I do not care if it does
carry the duty on those articles above 20 per
cent., as it certainly will not, in reference to
wheat I do not agree with my friend from
Iowa, [Mr. Allison,] who insists that there
may be revenue, but that there is no protection
in anything of this kind. I find that all along
the border, when there is a question as to the
importation of live animals and grains, and the
products of grain reduced to flour or meal, the
very people who are said to be opposed to pro-
tection ask for protection upon those articles
which they themselves produce. And when
there is a petition on the other side coming
from along the border you will find that it
comes from parties representing the commer-
cial interest. Ihold in my hand, forinstance,
a report of the proceedings of the Board of
Trade of Oswego, ofwhich perhaps the gentle-
man from New York who spoke a little while
ago [Mr. Churchill] knows something. They
want everything of this kind to come in free.
That is the view of a board of merchants. But
a letter received from farmers in the neighbor-
hood of Oswego shows that among them a very
different spirit prevails.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ALLISON. I think we had better rise
now. I move that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; atid the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Wheeler re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly the bill (H. II. No.
10G8) to amend existing laws relating to the
duly on imports, and for other purposes, and
had come to no resolution thereon.
leaves of absence.
Mr. HOTCHKISS obtained leave of absence
from this evening's session.
Mr. MAYHAM obtained leave of absence
from this evening's session.
Mr. POMEROY obtained leave of absence
till to-morrow.
Mr. lil£CK obtained leave of absence for
Saturday next.
Mr. HEATON obtained indefinite leave of
absence, on account of sickness.
Mr. VVELLS obtained leave of absence for
two weeks, on account of sickness in his
family.
Mr. ARMSTRONG obtained leave of ab-
sence from this evening's session.
Mr. BOOKER obtained leave of absence for
to-morrow.
recess.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move that the House
take a recess until half past seven. Before
doing so I desire to state that the business
fixed for this evening—the consideration of the
pension bills—is of very great importance to
the whole country. I hope, therefore, that
there will be a quorum in attendance at the
hour of meeting.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman whether he intends to bring up the
general pension bill?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Such is my intention.
The motion for a recess was agreed to; and
accordingly (at four o'clock and thirty-five min-
utes p. m.) the House took a recess until half
past seven p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at half past seven
p. m., pursuant to previous order.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. By order of the House
the session of this evening is exclusively for
the consideration of reports from the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
leave of absence.
Mr. PAINE, by unani mous consent, obtained
leave of absence from the evening sessions of
the House.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
insisted on its amendment disagreed to by the
House to the bill (H. R. No. 781) making
appropriations for the payment of invalid and
other pensions of the United States for the
year ending June 30, 1871, agreed to the con-
ference asked by the House on the disagreeing
votes thereon, and had appointed Mr. Mor-
rill of Maine, Mr. Nye, and Mr. Stockton,
conferees on the part of the Senate.
documents in interior department.
Mr. REEVES. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following resolution for considera-
tion at the present time:
Retolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be
directed to report to this House, without unnecessary
delay, the titles. uumber, and condition of snob vol-
umes of public doeuments as may have accumulated
in his Department, orwithin his control, accompany-
ing such report with any suggestions as to the dispo-
sition or distribution of said doooments which he
may see fit to make.
Mr. FERRISS. I object.
payment of pensions.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported a bill (H. R. No.
1987) to define the duties of pension agents,
to prescribe the manner of paying pensions,
and for other purposes; which was read a first
and second time. _ _
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read the third time.
