43 m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
to George F. Robinson, for protecting the life
of William H. Seward, late Secretary of State;
which were referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
land grant to hew hampshire.
Mr. ELA introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2184)
granting public lands to the State of New Hamp-
shire, to aid in the construction of the Concord
and Rochester railroad, to the amount of forty
sections to the mile; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
Railways and Canals, and ordered to be printed.
pay, bounty, and pensions of soldiers.
Mr. ELA also introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2185) relating to the pay, bounty, and pension
of soldiers having non-resident heirs, and for
other purposes; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
northern pacific railroad company.
Mr. RANDALL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2186) to amend the joint resolution author-
izing the Northern Pacific Railroad Company
to issue its bonds for the construction of that
road and to secure the same by mortgage, and
for other purposes, approved May 31, 1870,
and for other purposes ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Pacific Railroad.
rev. james t. johnston.
Mr. McKENZIE introduced a bill (H. R.
No.2187) forthe relief of Rev. James T. John-
ston, of the city of Alexandria, Virginia; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Claims.
relief from political disabilities.
Mr. HEFLIN introduced a bill (EL R. No.
2188) to relieve from legal and political dis-
abilities'certain persons therein named; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the select Committee on Reconstruction.
securities of national banks.
Mr. MUNGBN introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 325) requiring certain banks to
return United States bonds which were origin-
ally deposited in the United States Treasury
as collateral security for the national bank cur-
rency, and which were taken from the Treasury
and their places supplied with the second mort-
gage bonds of the Union Pacific railroad ; also
to punish persons making any such change or
transfer hereafter ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Banking and Currency.
william f. ciieatiiam.
Mr. SWEENEY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2189) for the benefit of William F. Cheatham ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
removal of political disabilities.
Mr. STOKES introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2190) for the relief of sundry citizens of the
State of Tennessee of all political disabilities ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the select Committee on Recon-
struction.
j. a. jackson and s. nicholson.
Mr. MAYNARD introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2191) for the relief of the widow of John
A. Jackson and Samuel Nicholson; which was
read a first and second time, and, with the
accompanying papers, referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims.
indianapolis a pout of delivery.
Mr. COBURN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
21 92) declaring the city of Indianapolis, in the
State of Indiana, a port of delivery; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
costs in election contests.
Mr. WELLS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2193) concerning costs in cases of contested
seats of members of the House of Represent-
atives of the United States ; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee of Elections, and ordered to be printed.
a. w. ii0bs0x and r. l. linscott.
Mr. ROGERS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2194) for the relief of Anson W. Ilobson and
RufusL. Linscott, of Camden, Arkansas; which
was read a first and second time, and, with the
accompanying papers, referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims.
IMPROVEMENTS IN TEXAS.
Mr. WHITJ1011E presented joint resolu-
tions of the Legislature of the State of Texas,
asking appropriations for certain purposes
therein named; which were ordered to be
printed, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
SUPREME COURT, DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. CLARK, of Texas, introduced a hill
(H. R. No. 2195) relating to the supreme court
of the District of Columbia; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
FORT KEARNY MILITARY RESERVATION.
Mr. PALMER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2190) to confirm the title to certain lands on
the Port Kearny military reservation, in Fre-
mont comity, Iowa ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
DOONTIES.
Mr. POMBROY introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 2197) to provide bounties for soldiers in
certain cases; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
TIMBER ON MENOMONEli RESERVATION.
Mr. SAWYER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2198) to authorize the sale of pine timber on
certain lands reserved for the use of the Me-
nomonee tribe of Indians in the State of Wis-
consin, and for other purposes; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
irrigation in california.
Mr. SARGENT introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2199) granting lands to aid in the con-
struction of a canal or canals for irrigating pur-
poses in the State of California; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
J. B. TOZER.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota, introduced a
joint resolution (H. R. No. 320) for the relief
of J. B. Tozer; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
irrigation in utah.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 2200) to incorporate the Weber
River and Kag's Creek Canal Company, and for
a grant of lands to aid in the construction of a
canal for irrigation, and for other purposes, in
the Territory of Utah; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The call of States and
Territories for the introduction of bills and
joint resolutions having been concluded, the
next business during the morning hour is the
call of State3 and Territories for the intro-
duction of resolutions, &c., for consideration
at this time. The call is now being made in
the reverse order of the States and Territories,
and on Monday last it rested with the State of
New York.
trade with british provinces.
Mr. FISHER introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 327) relative to trade with the Brit-
ish North American provinces; which was read
a first and second time.
The joint resolution directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to cause an inquiry to be made
for the information of Congress relative to the
extent of and state of trade between the United
States and the several dependencies of Great
Britain in North America, and authorizes him
to designate a suitable person t,o make such
I inquiry.
Mr. FISHER called for the previous question.
On seconding the demand for the previous
question there were—ayes 50, noes 20 ; no
quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Fisher and
Mr. Blair were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes ninety-seven, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered ; and under
the operation thereof the joint resolution was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. FISHER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed,; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
messa0e from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gotuiam,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed a bill of the following title, in which the
concurrence of the House was requested :
A bill (S. No. 409) relating to the Central
Branch Union Pacific Railroad Company.
naturalization.
Mr. DAVIS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2201) to amend the naturalization laws and to
punish crimes against the same; which was read
a first and second time.
Mr. DAVIS called for the-previous question.
The bill was read. The first section provides
that in all cases where any oath, affirmation,
or affidavit shall be made or taken under or by
virtue of any act or law relating to the natural-
ization of aliens, or in any proceedings under
such acts or laws, and any person or persons
taking or making such oath, affirmation, or affi-
davit shall knowingly swear or affirm falsely,
the same shall be deemed and taken to be per-
jury; and the person or persons guilty thereof
shall, upon conviction thereof, be sentenced to
imprisonment for a term not exceeding five
years and not less than one year, and to a tine
not exceeding $1,000.
The second section provides that if any person
applying to be admitted a citizen, or appealing
as a witness for any such person, shall know-
ingly personate any other person than himself,
or falsely appear in the name of a deceased
person, or in an assumed or fictitious name ;
or if any person shall falsely make, forge, or
counterfeit any oath, affirmation, notice, affi-
davit, certificate, order, record, signature, or
Other instrument, paper, or proceeding required
or authorized by any law or act relating to or
providing for the naturalization of aliens -T or
shall^ utter, sell, dispose of, or use as true or
genuine, or for any unlawful purpose, any false,
forged, antedated, or counterfeit oath, affirm-
ation, notice, certificate, order, record, signa-
ture, instrument, paper, or proceeding as afore-
said ; or sell or dispose of to any person other
than the person for whom it was originally
issued any certificate of citizenship, or certifi-
cate showing any person to be admitted a cit-
izen ; or if any person shall in any manner use
for the purpose of registering as a voter, or as
evidence of a right to vote, or otherwise, unlaw-
fully, any order, certificate of citizenship, or
certificate, judgment, or exemplification show-
ing such person to be admitted to be a citizen,
whether heretofore or hereafter issued or made,
knowing that such order, or certificate, judg-
ment, or exemplification has been unlawfully
issued or made ; or if any person shall unlaw-
fully use, or attempt to use, any such order or
