1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4367
certificate, issued to or in the name of any other
person, or in a fictitious name, or the name of
a deceased person ; or use, or attempt to use,
or aid, or assist, or participate in the use of any
certificate of citizenship, knowing the same to
be forged, or counterfeit, or antedated, or know-
ing the same to have been procured by fraud,
or otherwise unlawfully obtained ; or if any
person, and without lawful excuse, shall know-
ingly have or be possessed of any false, forged,
antedated, or counterfeit certificate of citizen-
ship, purporting to have been issued under the
provisions of any law of the United States
relating to naturalization, knowing such cer-
tificate to be false, forged, antedated, or coun-
terfeit, with intent unlawfully to use the same ;
or if any person shall obtain, accept or receive
any certificate of citizenship, known to such
person to have been procured by fraud or by
the use of any false name or by means of any
false statement made with intent to procure,
or to aid in procuring, the issue of such cer-
tificate, or known to such person to be fraud-
ulently altered or antedated ; or if any person
who has been or may be admitted to be a cit-
izen shall, on oath or affirmation, or by affida-
vit, knowingly deny that he has been so admit-
ted, with intent to evade or avoid any duty or
liability imposed orrequiied by law, every per-
son so offending shall be deemed and adjudged
guilty of felony, and, on conviction thereof,
shall be sentenced to be imprisoned and kept
at hard labor for a period not less than one
year nor more than five years, or be fined in
a sum not less than $300 nor more than $1,000,
or both such punishments may be imposed, in
the discretion of the court. And every person
who shall knowingly and intentionally aid or
abet any person in the commission of any such
felony, or attempt to do any act hereby made
felony, or counsel, advise, or procure, or
attempt to procure the commission thereof, is
to be liable to indictment and punishment in
the same manner and to the same extent as
the principal party guilty of such felony; and
such person may be tried and convicted thereof
without the previous conviction of such prin-
cipal.
The third section provides that any person
who shall knowingly use any certificate of nat-
uralization heretofore granted by any court, or
which shall hereafter be granted, which has
been or shall be procured through fraud or by
false evidence, or has been or shall be issued
by the clerk, or any other officer of the court,
without any appearance and hearing of the
applicant in court, and without lawful author-
ity ; and any person who shall falsely represent
himself to be a citizen of the United States,
without having been duly admitted to citizen-
ship, for any fraudulent purpose whatever,
shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and
upon conviction thereof, indue course of law,
shall be sentenced to pay a fine of not exceed-
ing $1,000, or be imprisoned not exceeding
two years, either or both, in the discretion of
the court taking cognizance of the same.
The fourth section extends the provisions
of this act to all proceedings had or taken, or
attempted to be had or taken before any couit
iu which any proceeding for naturalization snail
be commenced, had, or taken, or attempted to
be commenced; and the courts of the United
States are to have jurisdiction of^all offenses
under the provisions of this act, in or before
whatever court or tribunal the same shall have
; been committed.
! During the reading of the bill,
Mr. WOOD. I raise a question of order
: upon the presentation of this bili. Rule 115
: provides how and in what manner bills may
* be introduced. Mv colleague [Mr. DavisJ
i takes advantage of the call for resolutions to
i present a bill. . . - .
> The SPEAKER. The proposition of the
r gentleman from New York [Mr. Davts] is quite
s within the rules and practice of the House.
f Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 desire- to move that
? the bill be rejected.
The SPEAKER. When the bill has been
read through that motion will be in order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I supposed it had been
read through.
The reading of the bill was concluded.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York demands the previous question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I raise the question
whether the bill shall not be rejected.
Mr. HOLM AN. I object to the second read-
ing of the bill.
'The SPEAKER. Objection being made to
the second reading of the bill, the question is,
"Shall the bill be rejected ? "
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. Speaker  
The SPEAKER. The question is not debat-
able. If the gentleman debates the proposition
it goes over.
Mr. WARD. I raise the point of order
whether the first question is not on seconding
the demand for the previous question, as made
by my colleague, [Mr. Davis?]
The SPEAKER. The previous question, if
seconded, runs to the third reading of the bill;
and therefore the question as to the rejection
of the bill upon its first reading takes prece-
dence. The question is not debatable.
On the question, "Shall the bill be re-
jected?" there were—ayes 51, noes 80.
Mr. ELDRIDGE called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it, was dccided
in the negative—-yeas 45, nays 121, not voting
G4 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs, Axtcll, Deck, JamesBrooks, Burr,
Calkin.Connor, Cox. Crebs, Dox, Eidridge.Fox.GetH,
Gibson, Griswold, Hamill, llolman, Johnson, Kerr,
Knott, Lewis, Marshall, Mayluun, MoConuick, Mc-
Neoly, Morgan, Mimgcn, Niblack, Randall, Hoove*,
Rice, Ilidgway, Rogers, Sherrod, Shober, Joseph S.
Smith, Strader, Sweeney, Trimble, Van Auken, Van
Trum p,W ells, Euereno M. Wilson, Winchester, Wood,
ami Woodward—-15.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Arncll,
Asper, Atwood, Bailey, Barry, Beaman, BeaUy,13on-
jumin, Bennett, Benton, Bingham, Blair, Boles, Boyd,
George M.Broooks, Buck, Buckley, Buffinton, Bur-
chard, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick It.
Butler, Cessna, Churchill, "William T. Clark, Sidney
Clarke, AmasaCobb, Clinton L.Cobb, Coburn, Cook,
Conger, Callom, Davis, Wegener, Dickey, Dixon,
Donley, Duval, Ela, Farnsworth, Ferris?*, tfinkoln-
bifrg, Fisher, Fitch, Gilfillan, Hale, Harris, Hawkins,
llawley, Heilin, Hill, Hoar, Hooper, Hotchki^s, In-
gersoll, Alexander ii. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kelley,
Kellogg, Kclsey. Ketcham, Kiunu),Lash, Lawrence,
Logan. Maynard, McCarthy. McCrary, McGrew.Mc-
ICee, McKcnzie, Mercur, Milncs, EliakiinlL. Moore,
William Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Myers, New-jham,
O'Neill,Orth, Packard, Pame, Palmer, Peek, Perce,
Phelps, Plait, Poland, Pomeroy, Porter, Prosper,
Roots, S.irgent, Sawyer, Lionel A. Sheldon, William
Smyth, Staikweathcr, Stevenson, Stokes, Stoughton,
Strickland,Taffc. Tanner, Tiilman.'Twichell, 'lyner,
Upson, Van Wyck, Ward, Cadwalader O. Washburn,
William 13. Washburn, Wlntmore, Wilkinson, Wil-
lard, John T. Wilson. Winans, and Witchor—121.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Arm-
strong, Ayer, Banks, Barnura, Biggs. Bird, Booker,
Bowen, Cake. Cleveland, Covode, Cowles, Dawes,
Dieldnson, Dockcry, Dyer. Ferry, Garfield, Haight,
llaldeman, Hambleton, Hamilton, Hay, Hays, iloa-
ton, Hogo, Jenckes, ThomabL.Jones, Lafiin, Lough-
ridgo, Lynch, .3 esse (I. Moore, Morphis, Saifruel 1.
Morrill, Morrisscy, Negley, Packer, Peters, Potter,
Sani'ord, Schcuck, Schumaker, Scoficld, Shanks,
Porter Sheldon, Slocum, John A. Smith, William J.
Smith, "(Vorthinprton C.Smith, Stevens, Stiles,Stone,
Strong, Swann.Taylor, Townsend, Van Horn, Voor-
liees, Wallace, Welker, Wheeler, and Williams—bi.
So the House refused to reject the bill.
During the vote,
Mr. TOWNSEND stated that lie had paired
with Mr. Stiles, who would have voted in the
affirmative, while he would have voted in the
negative.
The vote was then announced, as above
recorded.
Mr. ELDRIDGE moved that the House do
now adjourn.
The House divided 5 and there were—ayes
42, noes 76.
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 22, nays 141, not voting
07 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James Brooks, Burr, Calkin, Cox,
Dox, Eldridgo, Fox, Johnson, Mayham, McCor-
mick. McNeely, Morgan, Munsren, Niblaek. Ran-
dall. Reeves, Strador, Sweeney, Trimble, Van Auken,
Van Trump, and Winchester—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Arnell,
A^pcr, Atwood, Axtell, Bailey, Banks, Barry, Sea-
man, Bodtty, Beck, Benjamin, Bennett, Benton,
Bingham, Blair, Boles, Boyd, George M. Brooks,
Buck, Buckley, Buflhiton. Burchard, Burdett, Rod-
crick It. Builer, Cessna, William T. Clark, Sidney
Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn, Con-
ger, Conner, Ciebs, Cullom, Davis. Dawes, Degcner,
Diekey, Dixon, Dockery, Donley, Duval, Ela, Jams-
worth, Fervisw, Finkelnburg, 1'isher, Fitoh, Gibson,
Gtliillan, Griswold, Hamilton, Harris, Hawkins,
Hawley, ilay, Hellni, Hill, Hoar, Holman, Hooper,
Hotchkiss. Ingersoll, Alexander 11. Jones, Judd,
Julian. Kelley, Kelsey, Kerr, ICetcbain. Knapp,
Las>h, Lawrence, Lewis Logan, Marshall. Maynard,
McCarthy, McCrary, MeGrew. McRee, MeKonzie,
Mercur, Milnes, Eiiakim II. Moore,William Moore,
Daniel J. Morrell, Myers, Newsham, O'Neill, Orth,
Packard, Paiue, Palmer, Peck, Perce, Pholps, Piatt,
Poland, Pomeroy, Porter, Rice, Rogers, Roots. San-
ford, Sargent, Sawyer, Lionel A. Sheldon, Sherrod,
Shober, Joseph S. Smith, William Swyth, Stark-
weather, Stevenson, Stokes. Stoughton, Strickland,
Taffc, Tanner, Tillman, TwichelJ, Tyner, Upson,
Van Horn, Van W.vck, Ward, Cadwalader C. Wash-
burn,William B. Washburn, Wells, Wheeler, Whit-
more, Wilkinson, Willard, John T. Wilson, Winans,
Witchcr. Wood, and Woodward—141.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Arm-
strong, Ayer, Barnum, Biggs, Bird, Booker, Bowonr
Benjamin F. Butler, Cake, Churchill, Cleveland,
Cook, Covode, Cowles, Dickinson, Dyer, Ferry, Gar-
ticld, Get?., liaudii, Haldeman, Hale, Hambloton*
Haruill, Hays, llcaton, Hogo, Jenckes, Thomas L.
Jones, Kellogg, Knott, Lallin, Loughridgo, Lynch,
Jcsbo II. Moore, Morphis, Samuel X\ Morrill, Mor-
rissey, Nesley, Packer, Peters, Potter, Prosser,
Ridgway, Schcnck, Schumaker, Scofield, Shanks,
Porter Sheldon, Slocum, John A. Smith, William J.
Smith,Worthington C.Smith, Stevens, Stiles, Stone,
Strong, Swann. Taylor, Townsend, Voorhees, Wal-
lace, Welkcr. Williams, and Eugene M. Wilson—(57.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The SPEAKER." The morning hour has
expired, and the bill goes over.
Mr. DAVIS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended and the hill passed.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Has not the bill gone over
under the rules ?
The SPEAKER. It has; but the gentleman
moved to suspend the rules.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is not the bill in the
morning hour, and can the rules be suspended
during the morning hour?
The SPEAKER. Therulescan besuspended
to-day after the morning hour; and the morn-
ing hour has expired. The gentleman from
New York moves that the rules be suspended
and the bill passed.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I ask for the
reading of the bill.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Has not the bill which
the Clerk is about to read gone over in the
morning hour?
The SPEAKER. It has; but of coarse the
suspension of the rules carries all rules with it.
The motion of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Davis] is to suspend the rules.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I submit that the bill
went over with the expiration of the morning
hour, and that the motion to suspend the rules
does not bring it back.
The SPEAKER. If the House agrees to
suspend the rules the motion of the geutleman
from New York does bring it back. The
Clerk will read the bill.
Mr. COX. I rise to a question of order.
Is this the bill the House was acting upon a
moment ago ?
The SPEAKER. It is; but that makes no
difference.
Mr. COX. The bill went over under the
rule.
The SPEAKER. It did; but the gentleman
from New York moves to suspend the rules.
Mr. WOOD. I desire to inquire whether
the gentleman from New York has had leave
to introduce this bill, as the rules require.
The SPEAKER. The suspension of the
rules would obviate the necessity of his requir-
ing leave.
The Clerk again read the bill.
The question was, "Shall the rules be sus-
pended and the bill pass?"
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the House
, do now adjourn.
