1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
223
present argument that may be true, as was
asserted here the other day, and yet it would
be the worst mistake that a powerful, dominant
party ever made in a country to attempt to
make a'great change in government behindthe
shelter of a mere legal technicality of that kind.
There are in the law what we call fictions ;
there are also what we call estoppels, very diffi-
cult for plain people to understand, whereby
a man is not allowed to prove the actual fact
against what is called a record, or against a
certain state of judicial proof. Nothing, gen-
erally speaking, can be more incompatible with
the ordinary reason and common sense and love
of justice of mankind ; and no great party, I
repeat, ought to attempt to accomplish a grave
change in Government under a fiction of law
or with the hope of sheltering itself behind an
estoppel. Your amendment will have to stand
upon its merits, Senators, if it is to stand at all.
First, it must be an amendment which is just
in itself and satisfactory in its results. In the
next place, it must be an amendment which has
been fairly carried without any attempt to sub-
ject the States required to ratify to improper or
unlawful influences.
A ratification—and this is equally true
whether you speak of a community or an in-
dividual—a ratification in its essence supposes
two things: first, that the party ratifying is per-
fectly free to say yes or no; that is, that the
party ratifying stands at arms' length from the
party seeking the ratification ; ana in the next
place, that the party ratifies with full knowledge
of all the circumstances. The grand point,
the central idea of ratification in law or in
government—and law is only a part of govern-
ment, and as a rule the more like a statesman
a lawyer is the greater lawyer he is; no small
lawyer was ever anything but a mischievous
politician—is precisely the same as with regard
to an individual. There can be no ratifica-
tion where there is no perfect freedom of action
and absence of fraud.
What has Congress to do with tho ratifica-
tion by the States? Tho function of Congress
is ended when it proposes. It has nothing else
to do with the subject, just as the function of
the President is ended, in appointing to oftice,
when he proposes a name to you. Suppose he
should surround this Chamber with an armed
force and forbid you to go out for moat, drink,
candle-light, or fire until you had agreed to
hisnoininec, would that bo a valid confirmation?
Would that bo an act of ratification which
would bind anyone? Would it bind this body
any longer than until the external force was
removed ? That is entirely too plain for argu-
ment. Therefore I say that tho coercion winch
by the declarations of Senators is to be exerted
upon Georgia, whether it be expressed in the
bill or omitted from it, is coercion that inval-
idates all ratifications which have in any sub-
stantial or material degree been affected by that
coercion.
I could not but be struck by the tenor of
the arguments used by the gentlemen 011 the
other side as to the form in which this coercive
force was to be employed. The author of the
amendment insists upon having it in the bill.
The gentleman who reported the bill from the
Judiciary Gommittee insists that there should
be nothing said about it. Both are agreed
that as a matter of necessary policy for their
partyand the Senator from Indiana expressly
and distinctly stated as the only mode of mak-
ing sure and certain the fifteenth amendment—
the vote of Georgia must be obtained for tho
amendment, and that until it was obtained she
should notberestored to her rights in the Union.
I did not perceive that any other ground was
anywhere taken than that of mere party ex-
pediency. The gentlemen who thought that
the dangerous word coercion should not be in
the bill feared it would damage them in future
conflicts. A gentleman who insisted it should
be in the bill declared that it would not. and
that it was more honorable to announce to the
people of Georgia, in black and white, what was
expected from them, infinitely more, than after
they had done whatever tho law called for to
turn around upon them and require some new
condition.
Two Senators—I refer to the Senator from
New York [Mr. Conkling] and the Senator
from Indiana, [Mr. Morton]—had a colloquy
this evening, in which they settled among them-
selves, very much to their own satisfaction, that
the objection of this coercive feature in the bill
could never be raised by the Democratic party,
because, as they said, the precedent for it was
to be found in the policy of President Johnson
for the reconstruction of the southern States.
It was said that his course was always to require
of them conditions-precedent to their restora-
tion into the Union; and that in this he had
been indorsed and sustained by the Democratic
party. I never contest the right of those two
gentlemen or of any other two gentlemen of this
Chamber to settle for themselves and between
themselves how they esteem the Democratic
party to bo led and in what way they suppose
the Democratic party will be bound. But as
one member of that party, who has felt some
interest in its course, I must be allowed to in-
sist that when the Democratic party proposes
to be bound by the action of any gentleman in
station, high or low, it will signify it to the
world in a manner too plain to be misunder-
stood.
Mr. MORTON. My friend will allow me
to inquire of him whetherho understood me as
making such an argument as that?
Mr. CASSERLY, I understood the argu-
ment to proceed from the Senator from New
York, that is to say, that the Democratic party
waa bound by the proceedings of the late Pres-
ident Johnson. But I also understood clearly
that both of you agreed that it would not bo
in the power of the Democratic party to raise
the objection of coercion because they con-
sidered the Democratic party estopped by the
authority of Mr. Johnson on that point. Now,
I desiro to have it understood, so far as I can
make it understood, that the Democratic party
of the United States is not bound by the policy of
President Johnson on that point, or any other;
though I think the country and the Democracy
as a part of the country owe to him a debt of
great gratitude for the very strenuous, honest,
and fearless efforts which he made to assert tho
constitutional functions of this Government,
and particularly of his office in the Government,
against the opposition of the legislative branch.
Mr. THAYER. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. CASSEIILY. Certainly.
Mr. THAYER. Did or did not the Demo-
cratic party in 180(3 indorse the reconstruction
policy of the late President Johnson ?
Mr. CASSERLY. I never so understood
it. On the contrary, I know that in the State
of California I drew a resolution in the State
convention, the only one I think, and certainly
it was tho first ever passed in that State in
regard to the policy of President Johnson.
The spirit if not the language of it was that
the Democratic party would sustain the Presi-
dent in his efforts to maintain the Constitution
of tho country and to assert the constitutional
prerogatives of his office against the encroach-
ments, as we declared them, of Congress. But
as for indorsingtliereoonstruction policyofMr.
Johnson, T never have understood the Demo-
cratic party to occupy that position. Different
men in it held different views, a right which
most intelligent people are apt to exercise 011
the subject of politics, as they do upon theology
and law and a variety of subjects. But I repeat
the party as a party is in no manner respons-
ible for the policy of the late administration
upon any single measure, except so far as the
policy of that administration directed itself in
a general way to the maintenance of the au-
thority of the executive department against the
legislative under the Constitution. So far as
that went, the Democratic party approved and
indorsed it; 110 further.
Mr. CONKLING. As the honorable Sen-
ator referred to me, although I do not wish to
interrupt him, I should like to make a single
remark, with his permission.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have no objection.
Mr. CONKLING. I did make the sugges-
tion he attributes to me, and in making it,
passing over the solid support which Andrew
Johnson received from the Democratic party
in the two Houses of Congress,'" I referred to
this fact among others: that in the State of
New York, and in every contested congres-
sional district in that State in 1866, the Demo-
cratic party did wage tho issue distinctly of the
President against Congress, and that battle was
fought from beginning to end, and_ the votes
were cast in that election as decisive of the
question whether, in the grapple for the mas-
tery upon this identical policy, Congress should
go down and the President should be sustained.
If the Democratic party did not stand for that
it stood for nothing in that election.
Mr. THURMAN. If my friend from Cali-
fornia -will indulge me for a moment, if general
testimony is to be given ou this subject, I will
state that the Republican State convention in
Ohio—not the Democratic, but the Republican
State convention—in the year 1865 indorsed
President Johnson and his policy from first to
last.
Mr. SHERMAN. That was a year before
there was any contest, my colleague will allow
me to say, between Congress and the Execu-
tive. That was in June, 1865.
Mr. THURMAN. It was after President
Johnson had announced his policy and begun
the inauguration of the provisional goveru-
men ts.
Mr. SHERMAN. I beg pardon. The first
provisional proclamation was issued in Sep-
tember, 1805, and the resolution to which my
colleague refers was passed in June, 1865.
Mr. THURMAN. The first provisional gov-
ernment in North Carolina?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir. The first North
Carolina proclamation I think is dated Septem-
ber, 1805.
Mr. CONKLING. October.
Mr. SHERMAN. I thought it was Septem-
ber. I know it was in the fall.
Mr. CONKLING. October 5, 1865.
Mr. SHERMAN. And that proclamation
was one generally approved by the Republican
party, and it contains the general doctrmcupon
which these whole reconstruction measures have
been based.
Mr. THURMAN. In J8G5, at any rate, they
indorsed President Johnson. In 18GG the
Demorcatic party in a convention expressly
refused to indorse Andrew Johnson's admin-
istration, and never did at any subsequent
time.
Mr. THAYER. My question related to the
year 1800. The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Thur-
max] answers in reference to 1865. That is a
horse of another color. I undertake to say that
the Dcvnocraticparty ofthis country did indorse
Andrew Johnson's policy in 1866, after the con-
troversy grew up between Congress and Andrew
Johnson ; and I must be permitted to say now
that Andrew Johnson seems to be enduring that
keenest emotion of all, the sense of ingratitude.
Sir, the time was, during 1866, when even in
my State, 011 the frontier, a county convention
of the Democracy could not take place unless
they indorsed the policy of Andrew Johnson.
I had the honor of participating in the canvass
of 1867 in the State of Ohio, when my honor-
able friend [Mr. Thurman] was a candidate
before the people,and of making some speeches
there and hearing speeches on the Democratic
side, and I assert that the main issue there was
whether the policy of the President or the pol-
icy of Congress should be indorsed and sus-
tained. I have heard the declaration of the
honorable Senators from California and Ohio
with extreme regret. I regret that now, after
they have made use of the late President, they
should cast him aside like an old mule worn-
