18T0.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
52]
4 1st Cong. ... 2d Sess.
Franldng Privilege—Mr, Fowler.
Senate.
virtuous and liard-handed gentlemen could not
complacently see a member of Congress in
possession of such a privilege without regard-
ing it as a remnant of monarchical power.
Their stern and ungenerous policy did not
look forward to the constituency as the bene-
ficiaries of this privilege. They did not so
cleatly understand that the Government was
but an agent of the people and subservient to
their interests, as we now do. Then the Gov-
ernment was poor and severe, and the Post-
master General regarded the use of the frank
as a drain on the exchequer of the nation,
and hence soon cried out against it. The note
was caught by each subsequent incumbent,
until the present one has been joined by a
chorus of thirty thousand subordinates, dis-
tributed from ocean to ocean, who desired only
to be in harmony with their chief. That ten
or twenty neighbors joined their postmaster in
swelling the harmony of this grand reforma-
tion anthem is not surprising.
1 propose more seriously to examine the
means by which this grand concert was organ-
ized and its melody inspired. The Postmaster
General, possessed withaspirit ofacliievement,
understanding the value of unity of purpose,
got up a petition praying Congress to abolish
the franking privilege ior reasons not most
respectful to the honorable body to which it
was addressed, and franked the same to every
post office in the nation. The subordinates,
ever ready to propitiate their chief, could not
resist this gentle hint for service. It was
neither amiable in the citizen nor respectful
in a subordinate to refuse to join in this grand
concert. They did, and so did a few of their
neighbors. A hint to the wise is always suffi-
cient. The Postmaster General did not have
to wink in vain. ''He winks at mo and I wink
uc him," is the motto in this domain of life.
>len are wiso unto salvation in political mat-
ters under such political morals. Their voice
has returned from all the land, and, such asit is,
we are bound to give it a respectful consider
ation.
Passing over the unwarranted exercise of
power not confided by the Constitution to an
executive officer, that of using bis position to
influence legislation, which has so often been
animadverted upon in this Chamber, I shall
come at once to the examination of the just
right due the prayer of the petitioners. I
may lirat remark, that earnest fervent prayers
from the people are always entitled to grave
consideration. When they are made in Wash-
ington to order, and forwarded to be returned,
they lose much of their power. What is tho
expression, as it is? Prom my own State not
live of the twelve hundred thousand asked this
action. In the entire Union not one out of
fifty have demanded such a course, even under
the stimulus of the head of tho Department.
'These petitions were circulated and signed with-
out any real knowledge on the question and with-
out any discussion of their merits. They can
in no respect be regarded as authoritative or
significant of the views of an honest and dis-
criminating public. If the figures mean any-
thing, we must infer that the people are against
the measure in the ratio of one to forty against
the change.
It is not denied that these petitions were
numerous and entitled to consideration. The
House of Representatives, to test the sincerity
cf these advocates of the measure, passed a
bill sweeping away the entire privilege. It
is evident at once that that enlightened and
patriotic body never supposed that their bill
would or could become the law. The interest
of the Government and the people could not
be sacrificed to a clamor so unreasonable. The
consequence of adopting the bill has already
been considered and was manifest to all, as well
to our own able committee as to the Senate.
Why, then, did not the committee of this body-
that had the charge of this bill propose some
amendment? i am not in possession of the
information to answer my own question, and
shall leave it for the public with the chair-
man's announcement that provisions were to
be made for tho Government. This announce-
ment, at any rate, silences every argument of
the chairman in favor of his sweeping recom-
mendation.
The reverential care of tho chairman for the
postal service, and his patriotic regard for the
public good, are known and read of all men.
Brooding with wan and melancholy aspect over
the condition of his country, he became seized
with an uncontrollable impulse to offer some
befitting sacrifice upon the altar of his coun-
try's prosperity, to appease the wrath to come
upon members of Congress for the liberties
they have taken with the franking privilege.
He reminds me of the pious Brahman of the
fable, who went forth to buy a sheep to sacri-
fice according to his vow. The first man he
met,knowing his inteution,accosted him, "0
Brahman! wilt thou buy a sheep ? I have a fit
one for your sacrifice." "I came forth," said
the pious man, "for that purpose." The man
thereupon opened his bug and drew forth a
miserable dog, lame mid blind. " Wretch, call-
est thou that a sheep ?" said the good man.
' 'A sheep of the finest wool and sweetest flesh,"
said the imposter; "and 0 good Brahman, it
will be an offering most acceptable to the
gods." "Friend," said the good man. "cither
thou or I must be blind." Just at this junc-
ture an accomplice of tho trader came up.
" Praised be the gods!" said the fresh rogue,
"this is just such a sheep as I wanted: for
how much wilt thou sell it?" The pious
man begins to waver in his mind. "Sir,"
said ho to the new fellow, " this is no sheep,
but an unclean cur." "0, my good Brah-
man," replies the rascal, "thou art drunk or
mad." Here a third confederate approaches.
"I will abide by the decision of this man,"
said the Brahman. To this all agreed. "O,
stranger," said tho Brahman, " what beast is
this?" " Surely it is a fine sheep," was the
reply. " Praised be the gods!" said the pious
priest, and purchased the dog and offered it
up as a sacrifice to the gods, who, angry on
accountof the unclean offering, smote tho good
though misguided man with sore malady. Thus
with our devoted chairman, who, following the
voice of the insincere flatterers, in hi3 choice
of an offering has selected an improper one to
sacrifice to tiie god of economy. Instead of
piosperity sore calamity will follow. This is
not the only instance in which heads of Depart-
ments and chairmen of committees have been
talked into the most absurd and ridiculous
positions.
Let us analyze this subject a little more
closely. What is and whence conies the rev-
enue from the Post Office? It is but a tax levied
upon the transmission of mailable matter from
one part of the country to another. We call
it postage. It is a postal tax,and not the less
a tax because collected from letters, papers,
books, and all information transmitted from
one sectionto another, itisatax upon intelli-
gence, and therefore on education. Whence
comes this tax? Prom those who write letters
and take newspapers ; from tho rich, in fine,
say many Senators. This is but a superficial
view of the case. A more careful view of the
question will show that the postal tax, like all
other taxes, must be paid in the end by tho
labor of the country. No community in a j
prosperous condition pays its taxes out of its |
fixed capital. The farmer who pays a part of j
his annual expenses by the sale of a part of j
his land is in the same condition of the State j
that extorts its revenues from the capital of
the citizen.
The emperor of Morocco raises his revenue
by a raid upon the treasury of any citizen who
has fixed capital. The custom is not only bar-
barous, but the expression of ignorance itself.
No civilized or intelligent people think of con-
suming their fixed capital in their annual ex-
penditures. They look alone to the annual
proceeds of labor, and take from that but a
limited amount. Every tax in this country
comes from its labor, not its capital. It is vain
to try to convince the people who work that-
they do not pay the tax, no matter what may
be its form. If it is a duty on imports it comes
from the consumer in the enhanced price of
the goods he purchases from foreign markets
and those manufactured here. If it is internal
revenue, it is placed on the article taxed and
paid by the purchaser. Whoever smokes a cigar
or drinks a glass of whisky pays the internal
revenue upon it.
The merchant in the country writes many
letters, and charges the postage upon his goods
as a part of his own expenditure, which is paid
by his customers in the end. The lawyer
charges his postage account well up on his
clients' fees. The city wholesale merchant dis-
tributes his postage accountover hisgoods, and
receives his pay from his small dealerSj who
collect the same from the fanner, mechanic,
manufacturer, and laborer. This conclusion
may not appear from a certain definite amount
charged upon each item used by the consumer,
hut the whole is ultimately obtained from this
source. Postage is therefore a tax paid di-
rectly or indirectly by the labor of the country.
Under our present system it is unequally as-
sessed, the more central and populous districts
being taxed to pay for the service given to tho
more sparsely-populated and remote districts
of the country. This inequality cm be cor-
rected by a system of free mails paid from the
common Treasury. The only relief at present
is from the franking privilege, which enables
the Post Office to perform the function for
which it was designed by its authors, that of
bringing tho Government and the people into
immediate connection.
It is true that the salaries of public officers
might be so increased as to enable them to pay
the postage on their correspondence. Is there
any gain to the Treasury hero? it is said that
the stamps wouldcost nothing but the piinting.
But tho frank costs nothing but the writing.
The lormer admission that the stamps cost
nothing, and therefore the Treasury would lose
nothing, proves only that the free matter costs
the Government nothing, or that the mails can
he carried for the same amount whether the
free matter is sent or not. This settles at once
the argument in favor of the free matter.
The post office is the people's messenger
and should be made accessible to all by reduc-
ing the rate of postage to the lowest possible
rate at once if it cannot be made entirely free.
The course of the Government has been from
high rates to lower, and every reduction has
proved most salutary to the people. In the
midst of so prosperous a course it cannot be
regarded as the mark of wisdom to change to
an exacting system restricting the capacities
of tho Department to serve tho public.
Mr. TIPTON, (at ten o'clock and twenty-
six minutes p. m.) By the consent of the Sen-
ator from Tennessee, 1 move t!>at the Senate
do now adjourn, as it is evident that this bill
cannot be concluded to-night.
Mr. IIAftLAN. T hope not. 1 think this
bill ought to be disposed of.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr.jTnAYER
in the chair.) The Senator from Nebraska
moves that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to ; there being,
on a division—ayes 10, noes 26.
Mr. FOWL Ell. If we should abolish the
franking privilege there would he no gain to the
Treasury. Come, let us look the issue in the
face. The Postmaster General assures us that
the free matter taxes the Government the sum
