1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5311
from the gentleman from Missouri what it is
that prevents a gentleman from walking through
this county of Monroe bearing the national flag ?
Mr. CESSNA. I must resume the floor.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It must be, I think, the
character of the man.
Mr. BENJAMIN. They do not regard the
stars and stripes as the national flag.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I am not a betting man;
but I am willing to bet a bottle of champagne
with the gentleman that it is the man and not
the flag they are opposed to. [Laughter.]
Mr. LOGAN. No gambling in tne House.
Mr. CESSNA. I yield for fifteen minutes
to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Logan.]
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Speaker, in the short
time allotted to me I do not desire to go
extensively into the discussion of this ques-
tion, but I wish to call the attention of the
House for a few moments to what I believe to
be the legal propositions involved. We all
have a desire to decide this case in accordance
with the law, if we can ascertain what that is,
and make an application of it to the facts.
In the first place, Mr. Speaker, I understand,
according to the Constitution of our country,
we are the judges of the election and qualifi-
cations of our own members, and the electors
who are to vote at the elections for members
of Congress are to have the same qualifications
as electors for the most numerous branch of
the State Legislatures. Now a man must be
elected by lawful electors under the Constitu-
tion before he can come here and claim to take
a seat in this House.
That being in accordance with the Constitu-
tion of the United States, the next question is:
who in the State of Missouri are lawful electors,
who, according to the laws and constitution of
the State are such as are entitled to vote for
members of the State Legislature? The con-
stitution of that State provides that no person
who gave aid and comfort to the rebellion, or
engaged in, or in any way sympathized with it,
shall have the right—to what ? Have the right
to hold, or to vote "for any one to hold any
office of honor, trust, emolument, or profit in
that State. That is the constitution of Mis-
souri. But, say some, that is not the Consti-
tution of the United States. But you are
estopped from saying that, because although
it may be severe, and I do not pretend here to
justify its severity, nor have I anything to say
as to its propriety—it is the constitution of the
State of Missouri, and it does not conflict with
the Constitution of the United States, for by
the Constitution of the United States the States
may disqualify any man for any reason they
may see proper, save where they are inhibited
by the Constitution of the United States.
Further than that, sir, the case has been
decided not only in the State court, in the cir-
cuit court in the county of St. Louis, but it was
taken from that court to the supreme court of
the State of Missouri, and it was there decided
by a solemn adjudication of that court, that by
virtue of this constitution the people of the
State have a right to disfranchise whomsoever
they please, for causes stated in their constitu-
tion and not in conflict with the Constitution
of the United States. The question, then, of
who are legal voters in the State of Missouri
is answered. They are those persons who are
not inimical to the constitution of that State,
which provides that those who have aided the
rebellion either by their sympathy or by their
acts, are not worthy to hold any officc of trust,
honor, emolument, or profit, or to vote for per-
sons to hold such an office.
Now, that being the law—and I take it there
is no lawyer in this House who will not agree
with me that it is the law—that being the law,
the next question is this: has Mr. Dyer been
elected by lawful votes, or has Mr. Switzler
been elected by lawful votes, or has he received
his majority by means of unlawful votes ? That,
sir, is the only question for this House to de-
termine. And from the examination which I
have made, I am clearly of the opinion that
Mr. Dyer was elected to this Congress by the
lawful voters of that ninth congressional dis-
trict of Missouri.
There has been some confusion in the argu-
ment on this case, or at least the argument
seemed confused to my mind at first, in conse-
quence of the lugging in of several counties
where there was a question as to the mode of
voting. But I call the attention of members
of this House to the fact that in this case of
Switzler vs. Dyer there is but one county
really in dispute, to wit, the county of Monroe.
That is the one county that must decide the
case one way or the other. The question of
the legality of the registration in that county
alone, according to the way in which it is set-
tled, either elects Mr. Switzler or Mr. Dyer.
If the registration of voters in that county is
legal, then Mr. Switzler is elected; but if ille-
gal, then Mr. Dyer is elected by over 400 votes.
The whole question turns decidedly on that
point.
Now, this is a matter of evidence. What, then,
does the evidence amount to when we come to
apply it to this point in connection with what
is the law bearing on the case? What evidence
have we to prove that either one of these gen-
tlemen or the other was elected to sit in Con-
gress? In the first place, I take it for granted
that the Legislature of the State of Missouri is
as well qualified to judge of the qualifications
of voters of other States as we members of
Congress are. And what have they done? At
the time of this election, when Mr. Dyer was
elected to Congress, the people also elected
members of the Legislature, sheriffs, and cir-
cuit judges. Now, as regards the election of
the circuit judge in the district which includes
Monroe county, if the registration was lawful,
then the Democratic candidate for the office
of circuit judge was elected; but if the regis-
tration of Monroe county was unlawful, then
the Republican was elected. Now, as regards
the circuit judge, who was elected by the same
votes as were given for Mr. Dyer, there never
has been any contest or any attempt to dis-
qualify him or to prove that he was not prop-
erly elected.
How was it in the Legislature? The mem-
bers who were elected from this county were
declared by the Legislature not entitled,to their
seatsj I have here the journal and reports of
the State Legislature of Missouri. The Com-
mittee of Elections, with the exception of two
members, reported that the members from
Monroe county were not lawfully elected be-
cause the registration of that county was
unlawful, and that report was sustained by a
vote of 69 to 32. The registration there
was thrown out just precisely as the minioity
of the committee have thrown it out here.
Their own constitution, their own Governor,
their own secretary of State and Legislature
have acted precisely, under the laws of their
State, as the minority of this committee have
acted in reference to this question; and I ask
you to-day whether, when the State authori-
ties have decided in regard to who are qual-
ified voters in their own State, it is not evi-
dence—not sufficient evidence, some may say,
but evidence to show who were qualified elect-
ors and who were not qualified electors?
Now, let us look for a moment at the facts.
In 1866 they had in that county 436 legally
registered voters; the remainder of the voters
in that county were excluded. Why were they
excluded ? They were excluded because they
came within the provisions of the constitu-
tion of the State of Missouri which prohibited
them from being electors in that State for any
purpose whatsoever. In 1868, however, they
registered in that county—whom? They regis-
tered not only the 436 legal voters of that
county, but they registered 1,652 voters. De-
ducting from that number 436, the remainder
were men who were excluded from voting by
the constitution and laws of the State. In
1866 they were not allowed to be registered;
but in 1868, in violation of law, they were
registered, but their votes were not counted
either by the Governor and secretary of State
or by the State Legislature; their votes were
excluded, ^and the judge who was elected by
the exclusion of those votes holds his seat as
judge to-day.
Now, sir, with all these facts, with the con-
stitution and the laws of the State of Missouri
staring you in the face, will you say that Mis-
souri shall not decide who are qualified voters
within its own confines and jurisdiction? If
you do, you then decide that the Constitution
of the United States is a mere cobweb, a piece
of blank paper, because the Constitution says
that each State shall have the right to regulate
the qualification of its own- voters, provided
they do not in so doing come in conflict with
the fundamental law of the land.
Mr. CESSNA. I yield the remainder of
my time to the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Peters.]
trade with prince edward's island.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Before
my friend from Maine proceeds, I desire to
enter a motion to reconsider the vote by which
the bill which I reported to-day from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to promote trade
with Prince Edward's Island was recommitted.
The motion was entered.
election contest switzler ys. dyer.
Mr. PETERS. I shall cast my vote for the
sitting member, and I wish to lay before the
House one or two propositions which havo
had a great deal of weight on my mind in
leading me to this conclusion. This is the old
case over again, which we had in the last Con-
gress, of Switzler vs. Anderson, and this Honse
in the last Congress gave Anderson his seat
by nearly forty majority. I undertake to say,
aftgr examining the testimony in this case and
comparing it with the testimony in- that case.,
that they are peas of the same pod. Mr.
Switzler came nere in the last Congress with
an inflated vote from Callaway county, and
now, when Callaway county has shrunken up
to its natural position, he comes here with an
awfully swollen vote from Monroe , county.
Strike out from the case the name of Callaway
and insert Monroe, and you have the same
precise facts and the same questions of law as
we had in the last Congress when we so tri-
umphantly sustained Mr. Anderson in his claim
to his seat.
Now, the question asked, how does the
Committee of Elections stand in this case? I
understand that the whole Committee of Elec-
tions have not examined this case, but that
only one of the five special Committees of Elec-
tions has examined it. The majority report
of the special committee, which has been
brought in here, is the report of one of onr
Democratic brethren in this House, assisted
by my friend the distinguished member from
New York, [Mr. Churchill.]
Now, I wish to make this suggestion in rela-
tion to this matter: it is an honest difference
of opinion between the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Churchill] and others of us as to
what kind of evidence we should receive, and
what weight we should attach to the evidence
before us. As it was in the case from this con-
gressional district in the last Congress, so it is
in this : the gentleman from New York would
put the burden of proof upon the sitting mem-
ber; he would apply to this case restrictive,
technical, close reasoning of the law, while I
am willing to say that I am content to be gov-
erned by general testimony as long as it is
satisfactory testimony.
Now, I have come to the conclusion from
the evidence in this case—I know it as well as
I know that I stand here—that there was a
vile, wicked conspiracy between the superin-
tendent, Mayo, and his registrars to return
the vote which you have from this county of
