1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3423
The bill was read, as follows:
lie it enacted by the Senate and llomt of llepretenta-
tive* of the United States of America in Conprcit assem-
bled, That within fifteen days immediately preceding
the4til day of March, June, September, and Decem-
ber in each year, the several agents for the payment
of pensions shall prepare a quarterly voucher lor
each aud every persou whoso pension is payable at
his agency, and transmit the same by mail directed
to the address of the pensioner named in such
roucher, who, on or after the 4th day of March,
June September, and December next succeeding the
date of suoh voucher, may execute and return tho
Fiino to the agency at which it was prepared and at
which the pension of such person is due and pay-
a'>Ss'c. 2. And be it further enacted. That upon the
reccipt of such voucher, properly executed, and the
identity of the pensioner established and proven in
tho manner prescribed by tho Secretary of the Inte-
rior, the ageut for the payment of pensions shall im-
mediately draw his check on the proper Assistant
Treasurer of the United States for tho amount due
such pensioner, payable to his or her order, and
transmit the sarno by mail, directed to tile address
of tho pensiouer entitled thereto.
Skc. 3. And be it farther enacted. That hereafter no
pension shall be paid to any person other than the
pensioner entitled theroto, nor otherwise than ac-
cording to the provisions of this act; and no war-
rant, power of attorney, or other paper executed or
purporting to be executed by any pensioner to any
attorney, claim agent, broker, or other person, shall
be recognized by any agent for the payment ot pen-
sions, nor shall any pension be paid thereon: Pro-
vided, That payment to persons laboring under legal
disabilities may be made to the guardians of such
persons in the manner herein prescribed: And pro-
vided further. That pensions payable to persons in
foreign countries may be made according to the pro-
visions of existing laws.
Skc. 4. And be it further enacted. That in addition
to the compensation now allowed by law each pension
agent shall be allowed, as full compensation for all
service required, by the provisions of this bill, in-
cluding postage, the sum of thirty cents, and no
more, for each voucher prepared and paid by him,
which amount shall be paid by the United States;
and any pension agent or other person who shall
take or receive or demand any fee or reward from
any pensioner for any service in connection with the
payment of pensions shall forfeit and pay the sum
of $500, to be recovered by indictment in any court
of competent jurisdiction.
Skc. 5. And be it further enacted. That the Secretary
of the Interior shall cause suitable blanks, for the
vouchers mentioned in the first section of this act to
be printed and distributed to the agents for the pay-
ment of pensions, upon which he shall cause a note
to be printed informing pensioners of the fact that
hereafter no pension will be paid except upon the
vouchers issued as herein directed, and he snail also
give all necessary instructions for carrying this act
into efifect. . ,
Sec. 6. And be ti further enacted. That agents for
the payment of pensions are hereby authorized and
required, without any fee therefor, to take and cer-
tify all affidavits of the pensioners and their wit-
nesses who may personally appear before them for
that purpose, in which' case the draft for the pen-
sion, when due Mid payable, shall be given direct to
the hand of the party qntitled thereto if desired, and
not mailed to his or her address, as required by the
second section of this act. And any person who shall
falsely take and subscribe any suoh affidavit before
any agent for the payment of pensions shall be deemed
guilty of peijury, and, on conviction, be punished as
if the same were taken before an officer authorized
to administer oaths and affirmations for general pur-
poses.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted. That section six
of an act relating to pensions, approved July 27,1868,
be, and is hereby, repealed, and the following rhall
stand in lieu thereof: That all pensions which have
been granted in consequence of death occurring, or
disease contracted, or wounds received in the mil-
itary or naval service of the United States since the
4thdayof March, 1861, or may hereafter be granted,
shall commence from the discharge or from the
death of the person on whose behalf the pension has
been or shall be hereafter granted: Provided, That
the application for such pension has been or shall
hereafter be filed with the Commissioner of Pensions
within ten years after the right thereto shall have
accrued; except that applications by or in behalf
of insane persons, or children under,sixteen years
of age, may be filed after the expiration of the said
ten years, if previously thereto they were without
guardians or other proper legal representatives.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted. That section nine
of an act entitled "An act supplementary to an act
entitled 'An act to grant pensions,'approved July 14,
1862," approved July 4, 1864, bo amended and re-
enacted so as to read as follows: That those persons,
not enlisted soldiers in the Army, who volunteered
forthe time being to serve with any regularly organ-
ised military or naval force of the United States, or
where persons otherwise volunteered and rendered
service in any engagement with rebels or Indians
since the 4th day of March, 1831, shall, if they have
been disabled in consequence of wounds received in
battle, or who were captured in such temporary ser-
vice, and disabled from disease contracted in rebel
prisons, be entitled to the same benefits of the pen-
siomlawsas those who have been regularly n^ustered
into the.United States service; and the widows or
other dependents of any such persons as may have
have been killed in the temporary service aforesaid.
or who wore captured in such temporary service and
died in rebel prisons, shall be entitled to pensions in
the same manner as they would have been had such
persons been regularly mustered: Provided, That no
claim under this section shall bo valid uuless pre-
sented and prosecuted to a successful issuo witliin
live years from tho passage of this act, under such
rules and regulations as the Secretary of the Inte-
rior shall prescribe to guard against traud.
Skc. U. And be it Jurlker enncted, That tho provis-
ions of sections twelve and thirteen of an act enti-
tled "An act supplementary to an act entitled 'An
act to grant pensions,' approved July 14,1862," ap-
proved July 4, lSt34, shall be, and tho same are
hereby, declared applicable to all the various acts
relating to pensions.
Skc. 10. And be it further enacted. That all acts
and parts of acts in conflict with the provisions of
this act be, aud the same are hereby, repealed.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. Speaker, the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] desires to
bring before the House, to be voted on, his
substitute. The gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Crebs] also has a substitute which he wishes
to offer. I propose to allow these substitutes
to be offered, aud then I propose to ask the
House to second the previous question.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to ask the gen-
tlemau a question. When this subject was re-
ferred to the committee I think there were four
substitutes referred with it, and ordered to be
printed. I had the honor to introduce one of '
them. I would now like to have that substitute
read to the House, and if possible I would like
to make some remarks on the subject and to
test the sense of the House upon iu
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will state the course
which I propose to pursue, if agreeable to the
House. I propose that the various substitutes
which have been offered and ordered to be
printed may be considered as pending, and
then I will ask the House to sustain the pre-
vious question, and afterward gentlemen will
have an opportunity, during the hour that I
shall be entitled to, to explain their substi-
tutes before they are voted upon.
Mr. RANDALL. Before the gentleman calls
the previous question would it not be well that
each of the substitutes should be read to the
House?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have no objection to
their being read.
Mr. RANDALL. I think that would be the
most intelligent way of proceeding.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I yield now to the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] to offer his
substitute, and that it may be read.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I move to strike out
the first six sections of the bill, and in lieu of
those sections ta insert what I send to the
Clerk's desk to be read.
The SPEAKER. The bill reported by the
chairman of the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions is not the same as the printed bill, and
the gentleman's amendment may not be appli-
cable to it.
Mr. LAWRENCE. It is applicable. I lis-
tened to the reading of the bill.
The Clerk read Mr. Lawrence's substitute
for the first six sections of the bill, as follows :
That after the 1st day of December, 1870, all pen-
sions shall bo paid once in every three months, com-
mencing on the 4th day of December, 1870, or semi-
annually, to pensioners who may so elect, by a proper
check drawn by the Commissioner of Pensions, and
signed by him or by a clerk designated by him, on
any Assistant treasurer of the United States or on
any national bank designated as a public depository,
and payable to the order, in every case, of the pen-
sioner entitled to receive the same, or to the guard-
ian of any pensioner under legal disabilities; but
pensions payable to persons in foreign countries
may be made according to the provisions of existing
laws; and for the purpose of delivering such checks
to the pensioners or guardians entitled thereto, and
of performing the duties herein required, the Secre-
tary of the Interior shall designate in every county
of each State and Territory of the United States in
which there may be any pensioners such competent
and suitable officers of the United States and such
national banks as he may deem proper; and it shall
be the duty of the Commissioner of Pensions to
transmit such checks to any collector or assessor of
internal revenue, postmaster, national bank, or As-
sistant Treasurer of the United States, or other offi-
cer designated by the Secretary of the Interior,
' whose duty it shall be to deliver to the proper per-
sons entitled thereto the said checks on demand,
and on compliance with therequirementsof lawand nua mo x  -•?- ~~ j __-i
the rales and regulations which are or may be pre- * J thereof not inconsistent;with this act aredevotvea on
scribed to carry this aot into effect; and it shall be ! tho officers herein mentioned.
the duty of every such collector, assessor, postmas-
ter, Assistant Treasurer, and the president and uash-
ier of every suoh bank to prepare all vouchers,
powers of attorney, and other papers, and admin-
ister and certify all oaths and do all acts which are
or may be required by law or such rules and reg-
ulations, and to transmit to tho proper accounting
officer of the Treasury Department all such vouch-
ers and other papers as may be required by law ur
such rule3 and regulations, and no compensation or
fee shall be required or received from any pensioner
or other person for any service or duty performed
under this act, or for any service rendered in assist-
ing or enabling any pensioner to receive payment
of any pension; and the Commissioner of Pensions
shall transmit to all officers and banks the necessary
printed blanks, forms, and instructions to enable
them to perform the duties required by this act;
and it shall be the duty of the Commissioner of
Pensions to certily to every such oliicer and bank
tho name and post office address of every pensioner
within the county or district to be paid by such otii-
cer or bank, with the character and amount of pen-
sion, aud from time to time certify such changes of
residence of pensioners and other information as
may bo necessary; and the Secretary of the Treas-
ury shall transmit to tho Assistant Treasurers and
national banks such funds as may be necessary to
pay all such checks, and ho shall have power to pre-
scribe all rules and regulations necessary to settle
and adjust all vouchers, claims, and all accounts of
all officers and banks; and the Government of tho
United States shall have a lion on and hold all bonds
of any banking association in the Treasury of tho
United States for the faithful performance of tho
duties heroin required of any such bank and for tho
faithful disbursement and accounting lor all moneys
transmitted to such bank.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That it shall bo
the duty of every examining surgeon in the county
of his residence, and of every Officer, and the officers
of every bank required to perform any duty specified
in this act, to report to the Commissioner of Pen-
sions, so far as may come to his knowledge and with-
out unnecessary delay, the date and place of death
of every pensioner within such county or district as
the Commissioner of Pensions may require; themar-
riage of all pensioners who may be widows, the re-
moval and place to which a removal is made of all
pensioners in such county or district, and such other
information as may be required by said Commis-
sioner. * ....
Sec. 3. And be it further cnacted. That in addition
to the means of detecting frauds against the pension
i laws, authorized by section twelve of the act approved
July 24, 1862, entitled "An act to grant pensions,"
the Secretary of the Interior may require of any post-
master, collector, assessor, or other officer of the Uni-
ted States a report, from time to time, of all informa-
tion within his knowledge; and the Secretary of tho
Interior may require them to perform such duties
within the counties of their respective residence as
may be required of any special agent under said act,
and at a compensation not greater than therein pre-
scribed.   , _
Skc. 4. And be it further enacted, That in case of
the death, removal, or disability of any offieer desig-
nated to perform any duty under this act, all checks,
vouchers, books, and papers which came into his pos-
session by virtue of this act shall be.delivered over
to the successor of such officer by any person having
custody or control thereof, or to such officer or person
as the Commissioner of Pensions may require.
Skc. 5. And be it further enacted. That if any per-
son in any oath, affirmation, or affidavit herein au-
thorized, shall swear, affirm, or depose falsely, every
person so offending shall be deemed guilty of and
punished as for perjury. And if any officer or other
person herein mentioned shall neglect or refuse to
perform any duty or matter required herein or in
pursuance hereof, or if any person shall receive any
fee or compensation from any pensioner for prepar-
ing any voucher or paper herein authorized, or for
collecting any pension or rendering any service in
relation thereto, every person so offending shall,
on conviction thereof, be fined not more than $100
or imprisoned for one month, or both, in the discre-
tion of the court having jurisdiction thereof. And
if any person shall falsely make, forge, alter, or
counterfeit any check, or any assignment or indorse-
ment thereon, or any voucher, affidavit, or other paper
herein authorized, every person so offending shall,
on conviction thereof, be deemed guilty of aud pun-
ished as for forgery. And any person guilty of the
larceny of any check drawn in pursuance of tbisaot
shall be liable to be indicted and punished as for tho
larceny of United States notes of equal amountwith
such check. And if any officer or other person shall
deliver to any pensioner or other person not entitled
to receive the same any such check, or deliver to any
pensioner or his or her a^ent any such check with-
out the proper power of attorney, vouchers, and
proof being first delivered to the proper ofiicer,
knowing such to be the case, or if any person shall
falsely personate another person, living or dead, or
assume a fictitious name in any matter affecting or
relating to any pension, or any matter herein men-
tioned or authorized every person so offending shall
be deemed guilty of a crime, and on conviction
thereof in any court of competent jurisdiction snail
be fined in any sum not exceeding &1.000, or be im-
prisoned for ono year, or both, in the discretion ot
the court. , _ , 
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted. That the office ot
agent for the payment of pensions, commonly known
as pension agent, shall be, and is, abolished trorn and
after the 1st day of January, 1871, and all duties
-1. •   _ ! .i, 4- m« i U +Vk« m fk /it fl 1*0 ornl IT All Oil
