1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2479
of December, 18G9, to inquire into the expe-
diency of increasing the tax on distilled spirits.
Mr. COLE. I move that that be passed over.
The motion was agreed to.
spanish gits-boats for cuba.
The next resolution was the resolution sub-
mitted by Mr. Carpenter on the 15th of De-
cember, 1869, that the gun-boats built or con-
tracted for in the United States on behalf of
the Governmentof Spain shouldnotbe allowed
to depart from the country during the contin-
uance of the present rebellion in Cuba.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that that be passed
over.
The motion was agreed to.
yergeii case.
The next resolution was the resolution sub-
mitted by Mr. Thurman on the 16th of Decem-
ber, 1869, calling for information in relation
to an arrangement entered into between the
Attorney General and the counsel of Yerger,
now under arrest by the military authorities,
relating to the proceedings on his application
for a writ of habeas corpus.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that that resolu-
tion be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion
does not have priority, the Chair thinks, of the
motion of the Senator from Nevada.
Mr. EDMUNDS. A motion to commit, I
think, has priority of a motion to postpone
indefinitely or to postpone until to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not by the rule.
The eleventh rule says that a motion to post-
pone shall have priority of a motion to commit.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I move that the
resolution be passed over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That has prior-
ity of the motion of the Senator from Nevada.
The question is on the motion of the Senator
from Vermont.
The motion was agreed to.
military commission in georgia.
Mr. SPENCER. I move 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont insists on these resolutions being
called over separately. The Secretary will
report the next resolution.
The next resolution was the resolution sub-
mitted by Mr. Norton on the 24th of January,
1870, to inquire by what authority, if any,
General Terry has organized and convened a
military commission to inquire into the eligi-
bility of senators and representatives elected to
the Legislature of Georgia and their right to
hold seats in that body.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that that be passed
over.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DRAKE. I desire to make an inquiry
of the Chair as to the operation of this rule.
Mr. STEWART. Let it operate for a few
minutes.
Mr. DRAKE. I merely wish to get inform-
ation from the Chair. Is it in the power of
any Senator every morning to require the_ Cal-
endar to be called over and each individual
case disposed of by his mere demand ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. By the new rule
it was provided that when any matter was under
consideration, either in the morning hour or
during the consideration of business after one
o'clock—the special orders and the general
Calendar—a motion to pass over and a motion
to place at the foot of the Calendar should have
priority of all other motions, except a motion
to adjourn and a motion to proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business; and therefore
a Senator has the right to move to pass over
anything when it is reached in its order.
Mr. POMEROY. I will suggest that if a
motion was made to lay these resolutions on
the table one by one and that motion prevailed,
they would not be on the Calendar, and we
should not have to go over the same thing at
another time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Kansas is correct.
Mr.' DRAKE. Then, if the Senate is in the
power of any one Senator in this way, I have
simply to say that we had better rescind that
rule.
Mr. NYE. I suggest that a committee of
three be appointed, of which the honorable
Senator from Missouri shall be chairman, to
ascertain by some process what the rules of
the Senate mean. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEWART. I believe notice has been
given by the Senator from Oregon [Mr. Wil-
liams] of a resolution to rescind that rule,
and, if it be in order at any time, I desire to
move to take up the resolution of the Senator
from Oregon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be reached
when all the resolutions are called over. It is
now at the foot of the Calendar of resolutions.
The Secretary will report the next resolution.
settlers on lands granted for railroads.
The next resolution was the resolution sub-
mitted by Mr. Howell, on the 28th of Febru-
ary last, in relation to the rights of settlers to
homesteads on lands granted to aid in the con-
struction of railroads.
Mr. CONKLING. I move that that be
passed over.
The motion was agreed to.
surplus gold in the treasury.
The next resolution was the resolution sub-
mitted by Mr. Fowler, on the 8th of March last,
instructing the Finance Committee to report
instructing the Secretary of the Treasury to
dispose of the surplus gold in the Treasury
without delay.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that that resolu-
tion be laid on the table.
Mr. FOWLER. Let it be passed over for
the present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont moves that the resolution be laid on
the table. That motion is in order.
The question being put, the motion was
declared to be agreed to.
Mr. FOWLER. If a vote is to be taken on
that motion I should like to have it by yeas
and nays.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The vote is not
to be taken by yeas and nays unless they are
demanded and ordered by the Senate.
Mr. FOWLER. I desire to have that reso-
lution passed over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Tennessee move to pass it over?
Mr. FOWLER. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion has
priority.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not object to that
if the Senator wishes to debate it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair did
not hear the motion of the Senator from Ten-
nessee, he spoke so low. The resolution will
be passed over if there be no objection.
loss of the oneida.
The next resolution was the resolution sub:
mitted by Mr. Morton, on the 14th of March
last, requesting the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs to report joint resolutions expressing the
deep sorrow of the nation for the loss of the
officers and men on board of the war ship
Oneida, and the admiration of their gallant
conduct, and the national abhorrence of the
inhuman and brutal conduct of the commander
of the Bombay.
Mr. MORTON. Let that be passed over,
or disposed of in some way.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator desire it to remain on the Calendar?
Mr. MORTON. No, sir. The subject was
disposed of by the adoption of the resolution
of the House of Representatives yesterday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the resolution will be referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and taken from
the Calendar. It is so ordered.
are indians citizens?
The next resolution was the resolution sub-
mitted by Mr. Rice, on the 15th of March last,
directing the Committee on the Judiciary to
inquire and report whetherunderthefourteenth
amendment to the Constitution the Indian
tribes do not become citizens of the United
States and all treaties with them annulled.
Mr. RICE. As that is a mere resolution of
inquiry, it msy as well be adopted and go to
the committee.
The resolution was adopted, as follows :
Jlesolvcd, That the Committee on the Judiciary
he, and tliey are hereby, directed to inquire and re-
port to the Senate the effect of the fourteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution upon the Indian tribes of
the country, and whether by the provisions thereof
the Indians are not citizens of the United States,
and whether thereby the various treaties heretofore
existing between the United States and the various
Indian tribes are or are not annulled.
government officers and employes.
The next resolution was one submitted by
Mr. Carpenter, on the 20th of April, 1809,
calling for the names, age, and compensation
ofall inferior officers, clerks, and employ6s in
the respective Executive Departments.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that that be
passed over, as the Senator from Wisconsin is
not in.
The motion was agreed to.
treaties for foreign territory.
The next resolution was the resolution sub-
mitted by Mr. Ferry, on the 10th of March
last, to amend the thirty-ninth rule of the Sen-
ate so as to provide that any treaty for the
annexation to the United States of the whole
territory of a foreign Power shall be considered
in open session.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that that be
passed over.
The motion was agreed to.
cuande of rules.
The next resolution was the resolution sub-
mitted by Mr. Wilson, on the 2-5th of March
last, to consider the expediency of adopting
a rule for the remainder of the session fixing
the time when the question of ordering a bill
to a third reading shall be put.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that that be
passed over.
The motion was agreed to.
ratification of fifteenth amendment.
The next resolution was the resolution sub-
mitted by Mr. Saulsbury, on the 31st of March,
calling for the date of the ratification of the
proposed fifteenth amendment to the Consti-
tution of the United States by the respective
States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let that be referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, so as to get
it off the Calendar. I move to refer it.
The motion was agreed to.
debate on georgia bill.
The next resolution was one submitted by
Mr. Chandler, on the 4th instant, that upon
resuming the consideration of the Georgia hill
there be neither adjournment nor recess until
the final vote is taken.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that that be
passed over.
The motion was agreed to.
amendment of rules.
The VICE PRESIDENT.^ The next busi-
ness on the Calendar is a notice of the Senator
from Oregon [Mr. Williams] of his intention
to move to amend the rules of the Senate.
Mr. FOWLER. Let that be passed over.
Mr. STEWART. On that question I call
for the yeas and nays.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That was simply a no-
tice. I propose now to submit the order winch
I have drawn up. X find a difficulty in describ-
ing this new rule: it has no number nor date.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will be reported. Under the fifty-third rule it
is now in order, notice of it having been given
on a previous day.
