3424:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
SlC. 7. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary
of tho Interior may pay annually out. of any money
appropriated for the vaymentof pensions, by checks
drawn as herein specified for paying pensions, to the
officers and banks herein named and designated for
tho services rendered as required by this act not ex-
ceeding forty cents for each quarterly payment made
to each pensioner by any such officer or bank.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted. That every officer
designated to perform the duties herein required
shall before entering upon the performance of his
duties execute and deliver to the Commissioner of
Pensions a bond in such sum as said Commissioner
may require conditioned for the faithful perform-
ance of all duties required of him by this act, and
with sureties approved by the collector of internal
revenue of the United States in tbedistrict in which
such officer may reside. And the Secretary of tho
Interior may from time to time remove at his pleas-
ure all officers so designated and designate others
in their pi aces to perform the duties herein required.
The SPEAKER. Did the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Benjamin] give way to have
the amendment read or to have it pending ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I gave way to have the
amendment read and considered as pending
when I call the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The amendment, then, is
pending.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask to have read a sub-
stitute which I desire to offer to this bill.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I believe but two amend-
ments can be pending at the same time.
The SPEAKER. Exceptby unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Then I will yield to the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Crebs,] as I have
already indicated, to offer his amendment.
The SPEAKER. By general consent any
number of amendments may be received and
considered pending when the previous question
is called.
Mr. RANDALL. That was the understand-
ing when the bill was recommitted.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am willing that the
amendment of the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Crebs] and the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] may
be considered as pendiug.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. When this
bill was under consideration beforeT offered
a substitute for it, which was ordered to be
printed and Recommitted with the original
bill.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Very well; let it be con-
sidered as pending.
The SPEAKER. When a bill is recom-
mitted, no matter what amendments may be
then pending, when the bill is again reported,
it will be in such shape as the committee may
choose; and any amendment to be considered
must be then moved to the bill.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask that my amend-
ment be now read*
Mr. BENJAMIN. There is no need to read
it now.
Mr. RANDALL. I do not think that one
hour is sufficient for the discussion of a bill of
this importance. But at this stage of the ses-
sion I will not insist on more time for debating
it. At the same time I do not think the read-
ing of these various amendments should come
out of the time proposed to be allowed for dis-
cussion.
The SPEAKER. Each amendment must
be read if required by any member when the
House is called upon to vote on it. If read
now it must then be again read if any mem-
ber calls for it.
Mr. RANDALL. Then I will not ask to
have my amendment read npw.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I now call the previous
question..
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. The first question is upon
the amemjment moved by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Lawrence.]
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 now yield to the gen-
' tleman from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] for ten
minutes.
Mr. LAWRENCE. The bill just reported
from the Committee oti Invalid Pensions by
the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Benjamin]
is substantially the same as a bill reported
from the same committee on the 13th of De-
cember last. It differs from it in only two
respects: first, that it provides for quarterly
instead of semi-annual payments of pensions,
and second, that it provides that the Govern-
ment shall pay the pension agent the fees for
preparing the vouchers on which pensions are
to be paid.
The number of bills introduced into this Con-
gress having for their object a change in the
mode of paying pensions, and the ample dis-
cussions to which they have given rise, all seem
to indicate that a reform is demanded. It be-
comes a duty, therefore, to consider the exist-
ing law, its defects, and the proper remedy.
There are now two hundred and forty-three
thousand pensioners to whom the Government
disburses about thirty million dollars a year in
semi-annual payments.
The Commissioner of Pensions is charged by
law with the duty of determining who may be
entitled to pensions, and of granting pension
certificates to persons so entitled. Then, there
are fifty-nine pension agents, widely separated
in different parts of the United States, who are
furnished by the Commissioner of Pensions
with the name and post office address of every
pensioner in the respective districts of each
agent, and with the necessary funds deposited,
subject to the order of each agent, in a national
bank, or with an Assistant Treasurer of the
United States.
The agents are furnished with printed blank
vouchers, to be filled up by them and mailed to
the pensioners, who are required to execute and
verify them on oath before a notary public or
other local officer, when they are returned by
mail to the pension agent, who then transmits a
check on the proper bank or Assistant Treas-
urer to the pensioner, payable to his order.
By the existing law the vouchers on which
■pensions are paid may be prepared by pension
agents, or by pensioners themselves, orbyclaim
agents. If prepared by pension agents they are
entitled by law to certain fees and postage,
which, with the local fee of a notatary for ad-
mistering an oath .to verify a voucher, is about
seventy-six cents, and claim agents charge an
average of probably $3 60 for collecting each
pension.
The objections to this system in part are:
1. The cost of pension agents and notaries'
fees, seventy-six cents for each pension pay-
ment, or $1 62 a year for two hundred and
forty-three thousand pensioners, making an
annual charge on them of $369,360, less the
amount saved in the cases where pensioners
prepare their own papers;
2. The expense of claim agents, whose aver-
age charge for collecting each pension is esti-
mated at $3 50, or seven dollars a year, on at
least two hundred thousand of the pensioners;
or $1,400,000 a year in all.
3. The delay, inconvenience, - and trouble
imposed on pensioners in conducting a corre-
spondence requiring the transmission of four
mail packages annually for each pensioner, in
all nine hundred find seventy-two thousand
packages, requiring for postage $68,320, be-
sides nearly as much more for stationery.
But a greater evil still is the delay, trou-
ble, and expense of corresponding to correct
errors in vouchers.
I now hold in my hand a specimen notice
from a pension agent, which I ask the Clerk
to read.
The Clerk read as follows:
United States Pension Offio*,
Detroit, March 25,1870.
In the application of Harmon Cam burn for pay-
ment. Before payment can be made the following
corrections are necessary. Return this slip with
what is called for. A. KAICIIEN, ;
Pension Agent. j
P. S. No bounty, pension, or other claim agency !
business done at this agcncy, nor connected with it. I
A. K.
Vouchers oannot be accepted that have been writ-
ten and prepared by tbe officer administering the
oath or taking acknowledgment of the voucher.
Such vouchers being considered illegal, I have to
reject vouchers in which purple, violet, or colored
inks are used. Therefore, avoid their use.
Mr. LAWRENCE. This notice, I may re-
mark, makes a requisition not required by law.
The Commissioner of Pensions has decided
that the local notary may prepare or fill in the
printed blank vouchers.
4. There is no adequate security against
frauds on the pension laws. These consist of
false personations of pensioners, living and
dead ; the collection of pensious by widows
after marriage, in violation of a law which
itself outrages a principle of humanity ; of the
misappropriation of money by agents collect-
ing pensions, and of various other frauds.
5. The loss to pensioners and the usurious
exactions to which they are subjected by the
want of more frequent payments of pensions,
amounting to millions annually.
6. The system is expensive to the Govern-
ment.
The fifty-nine pension agents receive com-
missions paid by the Government, $250,000,
or an average each of $4,237, besides fees
from pensioners, which add about $200,000
more, or a total average of about $7,027 to
each agent annually.
The cost of examining and settling vouchers
in tbe Treasury Department is unnecessarily
large, but no more than the system of settle-
ment now requires.
The bill (H. R. No. 547) of the Pension Com-
mittee, as it 13 now proposed to be amended,
will, if passed, prohibit pension agents from
charging pensioners with fees, and prohibits
claim agents from receiving pay for services in
collecting pensious. It will provide quarterly
instead of semi-annual pension payments, as it
is now proposed to be amended. It will remedy
to some extent the first, second, and fifth ob-
jections I have pointed out to the present sys-
tem ; but it leaves the others all untouched.
It furnishes no remedy for the delay, incon-
venience, and trouble of correspondence, no
security against fraud, and it continues the
cumbrous and expensive system of pension
agents. It relieves the pensioners of the fees
now exacted of them by these agents, but it
continues the present annual expenditure for
commissions to pension agents of $250,000, and
adds $291,600 to it to be paid by the Govern-
ment for fees of thirty cents for preparing each
quarterly voucher; thus makinga total expend-
iture for pension agents of $541,600 annually,
or an average of $9,169 to each. This is an
enormous salary, which no principle of justice
or of duty can sanction. Let those who vote for
it take the responsibility. It is a vast increase of
salary which the people will and ought to con-
demn. And the bill leaves the pensioners to
pay quarter yearly an average of forty cents
to local officers for verifying each voucher, or
an annual aggregate of $388,800, which, with
postage and other expenses, will soon reach
$500,000 annually. For this there is no justi-
fication or excuse. Let those who vote for it
take the responsibility.
All these evils can and ought to be remedied.
The bill which I had the honor to introduce
(H. R. No. 1098) provides that pensioners shall
be paid quarterly. I would have preferred
payments bimonthly, butyielded my own con-
victions to meet what I supposed to be more
in accordance with the views of the House. It
authorizes the Secretary of the Interior to des-
ignate in every one of the seventeen hundred
and twenty-eight counties where there are pen-
sioners any postmaster, assessor, collector, or
other officer or national bank to perform the
duties of agent to pay pensioners in the county
of their residence. It provides that the Com-
missioner of Pensions shall certify to each offi-
cer the names and post office address of the
pensioners in his county, and transmit to the
proper officers checks on the nearest Assistant
Treasurer, payable to the order of each pen-
sioner, for the amount of bis pension, to be
delivered on production of the pension certin-
