2480
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Ordered, That the rule last adopted, in reference
to the order of business, be so construed as not to
apply to the morning hour.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object to the present
consideration of the resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont objects to its present consideration.
Mr. FOWLER. I wish to ask a question.
I want to know whether this rule is being ap-
plied to a small number of resolutions and
bills, or whether it applies to all the business
before the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is a new
rule applying to all business.
Mr. FOWLER. I inquire as to the nature
of the proceeding this morning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is under the
new rule, which is in print.
Mr. STEWART. I inquire, after notice
given of a motion of the kind made by the Sen-
ator from Oregon, if it is not in order now to
make the motion. He has given notice, and
now makes his motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
rend the fifty-third rule.
" No motion to suspend, modify, or amend the rules,
or any thereof, shall bo in order, cxcept on one day's
notice in wiitmsr, specifying the rulo to bo suspended,
modified,or amended, and the purpose thereof. But
any rule may be suspended by unanimous consent,
except the seveuteeuih rule, wliieh shall never bo
suspended."
Mr. STEWART. We have had the one
day's notice.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Wait until you hear the
other rule.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The one day's
notice has been given ; but under the twenty-
sixth rule it is provided :
"And all other resolutions shall lio on the table
one day fur consideration, and also reports of com -
mittees."
Mr. STEWART and Mr. HARLA.N rose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair recog-
nizes the Senator from Nevada.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to malte an inquiry
of the Senator from Nevada.
Mr. STEWART. I move now to proceed
to the consideration of 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Tennessee lias risen to make an inquiry of the
Chair.
Mr. FOWLER. I have asked a question. I
wish to know whether the proceeding this
morning applies to all the business?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It applied to
the resolutions until one o'clock by the spe-
cific language of Ihe rule. After one o'clock
tbe same rule applies in regard to special
orders and the general Calendar.
message from tiij3 house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPheuson, its Clerk, announced
(hat the House had passed the following bills,
in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested:
A bill (II. R. No. 0-10) to extend the provis-
ions of an act to provide further remedial
justice in the courts of the United States,
approved August 29, 1812 ;
A bill (H. R. No. CIO) to simplify and reduce
the expense of taking testimony in establishing
claims for bounties and pensions; and
A bill (II. II. No. 1351] prescribing the forms
of the enacting and resolving clauses of acts
and resolutions of Congress, and rules for the
construction thereof.
northern pacific railway.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the next thing
in order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The Senator from
Nevada is in order, theie being nothing before
the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I beg pardon of the Chair.
I think on looking at the last part of the rule
he will lind that the Calendar of special orders
is now in order without waiting for one o'clock,
for the rule says so expressly.
Mr. POMEROY. The bill in reference to
the Northern Pacific railroad is now before the
Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sus-
tains the point of order made by the Senator
from Vermont. The rule reads:
"Immediately after tho privileged morningbusi-
ncss is completed, nnil not lator than one o'clock, the
Calendar of special orders, if any, for that day, in-
cluding tho unfinished business of tho day previous,
shall be taken up and disposed of."
The Northern Pacific railway joint resolution
is now before the Senate, being the first special
order, the Georgia bill having been postponed
till Tuesday next.
Tbe Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 121) authorizing tho Northern
Pacific Railroad Company to issue its bonds
for the construction of its road, and to secure
the same by mortgage, the pending question
being on the amendment of Mr. Wilson, which
was to insert after the word " branch," in line
thirty, the following:
Tho additional alternate sections of land hereby
Kranted by this actsh.ill bosold by tho company only
to actual settlers in quan tities not exceeding oneliun-
dred and sixty acres, or quarter section, to any one
settler, at prices not exceeding $2 50 per aero.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not see the author
of that amendment in his seat this morning.
T hope the amendment will not be adopted.
It is a complete departure from tho policy that
has been thus far pursued in relation to dona-
tions of land to aid in the construction of
railroads. The Committee on tho Pacific Rail-
road had that matter under consideration when
tbe bill was before them, and they made up
their minds that that was a policy the justice
of which they could not see. I do not seethe
propriety ot' allowing settlers to go upon lauds
which belong to railroad companies, given to
the companies to aid in tho construction of the
road, and to purchase those lauds at tho min-
imum price. Whatever additional valuo is
given to the public lands arises from the fact
that tho company are constructing a railroad
through them. It is the use of tho capital of
the company, then, that gives the additional
value to the lands. Why should this addi-
tional value be made to inure exclusively to
the benefit of the settler, rather than to the
benefit of the company whose money has
produced the increased value? That is the
simple question. I do not see tho justice of
it. The law might as well give a part of the
land to you or to me absolutely as to give the
land to a settler at the minimum price, when
tho actual market price of tho property may
1)0 double, treble, quadruple, quintuple the
amount which he is required to pay for it. Is
there any justice in this? It seems to mc not.
Besides, when the Congress of the United
States make a donation of land to aid a rail-
road company in constructing its road, is it
not fair that the company should bo entitled to
all tbe benefit which it can honestly and fairly
derive from that donation? Why deny the
benefit, or give a part of it to a settler, when
in point of fact the whole benefit has been cre-
ated by tho use of the capital of the company?
I hope, sir, tho amendment will not be adopted.
Mr. STEWART. I apprehend no one can
be in favor of this proposition, whatever he may
want to do in the line of providing for settlers.
The House committee have abandoned any-
thing like this pioposition. It has become
manifest to them that it is unjust. It provides
that all the lands granted to the company shall
be sold for the same price ; a town site shall
be sold for the same price as lands that are
hardly fit tor anything twenty miles off from
the line of tho road. This equalizes them, and
the result will be that speculators will call
themselves settlers and locate on the town sites.
There is no place where the company will locate
its depots where there will not be a settlement.
Men will go ahead and find where depots are
to be located. lrou willfind your settler there;
and then when the company has bought him
off it will find him at the next depot. Men can
go on the even sections at $2 CO, and to say
they shall go at every point .tfhere there is a
depot or station to be located and take it at
$2 50, and that the land twenty miles off shall
be sold at the same price, is too manifestly ab-
surd to need argument. That idea has been
entirely abandoned even by those who desired
to regulate it. They haye in' the other House
reported a bill saying that the land granted shall
be sold in the aggregate at a certain price not
exceeding $2 50 an acre; but on investigation
the proposition has been abandoned by every-
body. It is unjust.
Mr. HOWELL. Mr. President, I would
move in addition to the amendment now pend-
ing that its provisions shall apply as well to
the original act as to this act amending that
original act. I am sorry that the resolution
which I introduced some time ago could not
have been brought up before this bill, that the
question might have been argued on the gen-
eral principles and policy affecting this subject
without applying it to this special bill; but the
bill is before us.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Iowa that his motion
to amend the amendment is now in order. It
now reads, "the additional alternate sections
of land hereby granted by this resolution."
His amendment, as the Chair understands,
would be to make it read "alternate sections
of land iieretofore granted and hereby gran ted."
Mr. HOWELL. That is the object of my
amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iowa moves to amend the amendment by in-
serting tho words "heretofore granted and"
after the word "land."
Mr. HOWISLL. This amendment, I under-
stand, was offered by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts who is not now in the Senate, [Mr.
Wilson.] I am sorry that he is not present.
As to the general policy of such measures as
this in regard to the interests of the country,
and especially the interests of the West, I had
something to say some time ago. As to the
point made by the Senator from Michigan I
have this to say, that ho far as the West is con-
cerned the grant of lands in large bodies to be
held by railroad companies for years to come
operates as a great hardship to the people and
is almost universally complained of and depre-
cated in the West, and that sentiment is be-
coming so universal that it is impracticable,
and I trust it will prove impracticable, togetany
more of these extensive land grants adopted by
Congress, either in the Senate or in the other
House, and especially in the other House.
Therefore I think it is for the interests of those
who seek aid by land grants for the construc-
tion of railroads that they should agree to this
kind of compromise, that the interests of the
people and the interests of the country through
which the railroads run ipay be promoted by
the policy, and that the country may not be
damaged or hindered by the construction of
railroads.
What is the question of justice and right and
honesty which is raised by the Senator from
Michigan ? It is simply thatbecause the United
States give lands to a railroad company there-
fore the railroad company should have the
benefit of holding on to those lands, to the detri-
ment of the settlers, till those lands shall treble
or increase to any other proportion in value in
their hands! That is the justice he claims in
behalf of the railroad grantees of these lands,
and he denies that justice to the settlers who
buy their lands of the Government and pay for
them out of their pockets. He will not agree
that they shall have the benefit of the increased
value of the lands and of the labor that they
put upon them. I see no foundation for the
argument of justice that is presented to the
Seuate on this question by the Senator from
Michigan. The justice of the case is decidedly
on the other side ; and if advantage, benefit,
profit is to come it should come to those who
