1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5313
The question was upon agreeing to the sub-
stitute.
Mr. CHURCHILL. On that question I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 109, nays 55, not voting
06; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Ames. Armstrong, Arnell,
Asper, Atwood, Ayer, Barry, Benjamin, Bennett,
Benton, Bingham, Boles, Booker, Boyd, George M.
brooks, Buckley, Buffinton, Burdett, Benjamin F.
Hutier, Roderick 11. Butler, Cake, Cessna, William
X. Clark, Sidney Ciarke, Auiasa Cobb, Coburn, Co-
vode, Cowles, Cuiloni, Darrall. Davis, Dawes, Dege-
ner, Dickey, Donley, Duval, Ela, Eerriss, Finkeln-
burg, fisher, GilfiHan, Harris, Heliin, Hill, Judd,
Julian, Kelley, Kellogg, Kelsey, Knapp, Lawrence,
Logan. Longhridge. Majnard, McCarthy, MeCrary,
McGrew, McKee, Mercur, Eliakim H. Moore, Jesse
lf.JUoore, William Moore, Morphis, Myers, Negley,
O'Neill, Orth. Packard, Packer, Paine, Palmer,
Peck, Perce, Peters, Phelps, Prosser, Sanford, Sar-
gent, Sawyer, Scofield, Shanks, Lionel A.Sheldon,
Porter Sheldon, John A. Smith, William J. Smith,
W orthingtonC.Smith, William Smyth,Starkweather,
Stevens, Stevenson, Stoughton, Strickland, Strong,
Taffe, Tanner, Taylor, Tillman, Townsend, Tyner,
Upson, Van Ilorn, Van Wyck, Wallace, William B.
Washburn. Welker, Whitmore, Willard, and John
T. Wilson—109.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Barnum,
Beck, Biggs, Bird, Biair, James Brooks,Burr,Church-
ill, Cleveland, Conger, Cox, Crebs, Dickinson, Dox,
iildridge, Fox, Getz, Griswold, Haldeman, liamill,
Jeuckes, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Kerr, Lewis,
Marshall, McCormick, McKenzie, McNcely, Morgan,
Mungen, Niblack, Poland, Potter, Randal), Reeves,
Rogers, Schumaker, Sherrod, Slocum, Stiles, Stone,
Swarm, Sweeney, Trimble, Van Auken, Van Trump,
Yoorhecs, Welis, Winchester, Wood, and Wood-
ward—55.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Bailsy, Banks,
Beaman, Beatty, Bowen, Buck, Burchard. Calkin,
Clinton L. Cobb, Conner, Cook, Dixon, Dockery,
Dyer, Famsworth, Ferry, Fitch, Garfield, Gibson,
Maight,Hnie, Ilambleton, II a mil ton, Hawkins. Haw-
loyjlay, Hays, Hoar,Iloge. Holman, Hooper, Hotch-
kiss. Ingersoll,AlexanderH.Jorte3.Ketcham,Knott,
Laflin. Lash, Lynch, Mayham, Miines, Daniel J.
Morrcli. Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey, Nowsham,
Piatt, Pomeroy, Porter, Rico, Ridgway, Roots,
Schenek, Shober, Joseph S. Smith, Stokes, Strader,
Twichell, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Wheeler,
Wilkinson, Williams, Eugene M. Wilson, Winans,
and Witchcr—60.
So the amendment was agreed to.
During the vote,
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota, stated that
he was paired with Mr. Witcher, who would
vote in the affirmative, while he would vote in
the negative.
Mr. MAYHAM stated that he was paired
with Mr. Bowjsn, who would vote in the affirm-
ative, while he would vote in the negative.
Mr. ARCHER stated that his colleague,
Mr. IIambleton, who was detained from the
House by extreme illness, would, if present,
vote in the negative.
Mr. KNOTT stated that he was paired with
Mr. Stokes, who would vote in the affirmative,
while he would vote in the negative. ^
Mr. RICE stated that he was paired with
Mr. Cobb, of North Carolina, who would vote
in the affirmative, while he would vote in the
negative.
Mr. FITCH stated that he was paired with
Mr. Smith, of Oregon, who would vote in the
negative, while he would vote in the affirm-
ative.
Mr. CONNER stated that he was paired
with Mr. Dockery, who would vote iu the
affirmative, while he would vote in the neg-
ative.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
Mr. CESSNA moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was agreed to ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The question then recurred on the resolution
as amended, and it was adopted.
Mr. CESSNA moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution, as amended,, was
adopted: and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
41st Coxa, 2d Skss.-
Mr. CESSNA. I offer in this connection
the following resolution:
Resolved, That there be paid out of the contingent
fund of the House the sum of $5,000 to William I?,
bwitzler, for his time and expenses in conducting bis
contest for a seat as a Representative from the ninth
district of Missouri.
Mr. BAND ALL. That is to compensate him
for the robbery of his seat.
The resolution was adopted.
tmiuantepec railroad.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2381) to
incorporate the Tehuantepec Railway and Ship-
Canal Company; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
enrolled bills.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled bills of the following
titles ; when the Speaker signed the same :
An act (H. R. No. 686) to make the Territory
of Arizona a separate surveying district, and to
establish the office of surveyor general therein ;
An act (H. R. No. 1545) relinquishing what-
ever title may remain in the United States to
a certain parcel of ground in Fremont, Ohio,
to the corporation of Fr6mont;
An act (H. R. No. 2213) to amend an act
entitled "An act making appropriations to
supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
the service of the Government for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1870, and for other pur-
poses," approved April 20, 1870; and
An act (H. R. No. 2226) to regulate the pur-
chase of fuel for the legislative, executive, and
judicial departments, and for the military and
naval establishments of the United States in
the District of Columbia.
leave of absence.
Mr. SHOBER, by unanimous consent, was
granted indefinite leave of absence.
Mr. JONES, of North Carolina, by unani-
mous consent, was granted indefinite leave of
absence.
Mr. COBB, of North Carolina, by unani-
mous consent, was granted indefinite leave
of absence.
Mr. DOX, by unanimous consent, was grant-
ed indefinite leave of absence on account of
sickness in his family.
And then, on motion of Mr. ARCHER, (at
five o'clock and thirty-five minutes p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
petitions.
The followingpetitions were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittees :
By Mr. DICKINSON : The petition of Ruth
Brewster, mother of Isaac H. Brewster, late a
private of company H, one hundred and four-
teenth New York volunteers, asking for arrears
of pension.
By Mr. STILES: The petition of Jesse
Brooks, of Bucks county, Pennsylvania, for
arrears of pension.
Also, the petition of Margaret Kauffman, of
Cumberland county, Pennsylvania, for arrears
of pension.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, July 7, 1870.
The Senate met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. Newman,
D. I).
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of yesterday.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the reading
of the Journal be dispensed with.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I object.
The Secretary resumed the reading.
Mr. POMEROY. I suppose the further
reading of the Journal can be dispensed with;
nobody appears to be listening to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent. The Chair hears no objection,
and the further reading is dispensed with.
house bills referred.
Mr. NYE. I move to take up Senate bill
No. 401.
Mr. POMEROY. I have a report to make.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is in the
nature of an objection. Before proceeding to
receive the morning business the Chair, under
the twenty-fourth rule, will submit certain bills
from the House of Representatives for refer-
ence.
The following bills and joint resolutions,
received from the House of Representatives,
were severally read twice by their titles, and
referred as indicated below:
A joint resolution (H. R. No, 358) to construe
the act of March 31, 1868—to the Committee
on Finance.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 183) directing
the Commissioner of the General Land Office
to issue a patent to Stephen Marston, of Hart-
ford, State of Connecticut, conveying to the
said Marston the lands described in said resolu-
tion—to the Committee on Public Lands.
A bill (H. R. No. 175) to cede to the State of
Ohio the unsold lands in the Virginia military
district in said State—to the Committee on
Public Lands.
A bill (H. R. No. 363) to confirm title to
certain lands in Illinois—to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
A bill (H. R. No. 569) to vacate the Fort
Dakota military reservation, in the Territory
of Dakota, and for other purposes—to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
A bill (H. R. No. 1545) relinquishing what-
ever title may remain in the United States to
a certain parcel of ground in Fremont, Ohio,
to the corporation of Fremont—to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
A bill (H. R. No. 2026) to repeal an act
entitled "An act to confirm the grant of cer-
tain lands to Jos6 Dominguez, in California,"
approved June 12,1866—to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
A bill (H. R. No. 2353) to create a port of
delivery at Duluth, Minnesota—to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
A bill (H. R. No. 2361) for the relief of the
heirs of Jethro Wood, the inventor of the mod-
ern plow—to the Committee on Patents.
A bill (H. R. No. 2372) for the relief of cer-
tain purchasers of lands from the legal repre-
sentatives of Bartholomew Cousin—to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
A bill (H. R. No. 2374) to authorize the im-
portation of a common road steam locomotive
free of duty—to the Committee on Finance.
A bill (H. R. No. 2375) allowing the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to increase the pay of
inspectors of customs—to the Committee on
Commerce.
A bill (H. R. No. 2367) granting arrears of
pension to certain persons therein named—to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SHERMAN. Among the bills just laid
before the Senate from the House of Repre-
sentatives is a little bill giving to the town of
Fremont a small strip of land. I should like
to have the Senate pass it now.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 would also ask unan-
imous consent to take up and pass the bill just
returned from the House in relation to the har-
bor of Duluth. A similar bill passed the Sen-
ate a day or two ago, and by some mistake the
House has passed a separate bill on the same
subject.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have the
bill taken up in regard to the town of Fremont.
Ohio.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be ik>
objection the Chair will withdraw these two
bills for the present, House bill No. 1545 and
the bill referred to by the Senator from Mich-
igan, until the morning business is concluded,
as several Senators have risen with morning
business which they desire to present.
