1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i cate, and proof of identity when necessary.
No public money is to pass into the hands of
the officer, but his duty is to deliver checks, the
money on which can never be drawn except
on the indorsement of the pensioner.
The officers are required to prepare the
vouchers, administer oaths, deliver the checks,
all without any expense to any pensioner. They
will be in a position to know and detect frauds
which they are required to report to the proper
Department. The bill prohibits all charges by
claim agents or others for preparing vouchers,
or for services rendered in collecting pensions.
In this respect its prohibitions are more exten-
sive and its penalties greater than in the bill of
the Pension Committee. In the form in which
it is now submitted the compensation of the
pay officers is fixed at forty cents for each pen-
sion check delivered for all services, being only
the amount which the bill of the Pension Com-
mittee leaves the pensioner to pay in addition
to commissions and fees paid pension agents by
the Government.
The advantages of this measure over the ex-
isting law and over the bill of the Pension Com-
mittee, are: 1. It will save pensioners a vast
sum which they are required to pay notaries and
local officers for verifying pension vouchers,
which on quarterly payments will amount to
5291,000 annually.
Mr. ALLISON. I do not quite understand
how the bill of the committee takes this sum
out of the pockets of the pensioners.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I am very glad to have
an opportunity to explain that matter a little
more fully. Under the bill of the committee
each pensioner must verify his or her voucher
before some local officer at the place of his or
her residence, and then transmit it one hundred
and fifty to two hnndred miles to the pension
agent. The pensioner will be obliged to pay a
notarial fee of forty cents every three months, or
$1 60 each year, amounting for all the pension-
ers in the United States to nearly three hun-
dred thousand dollars ayear. My bill remedies
that by bringing to the door of each pensioner
an officer who shall prepare the proper vouch-'
erg, administer the oath, deliver a check for
the amount of the pension, and all without any
expense to the pensioner.
2. It will save the delay, inconvenience,
trouble, risks, and expense of conducting a
correspondence by mail with pension agents
to procure payment of pensions.
3. It will furnish the most perfect mode of
preventing and detecting frauds.
4. While the present system costs the Gov-
ernment for commissions of pension agents
$250,000 annually, and costs pensioners about
two hundred thousand dollars for pension
agents' fees, or a total of $450,000, and the
plan of the Pension Committee will cost the
Government annually $641,600, and will cost
pensioners for local officers' fees for verifying
vouchers, $388,000, besides postage, the bill I
have proposed will perform the whole work
and bring payment almost to the door of every
pensioner in the land simply for a small fee
paid by the Government to the county pay
agents, equal to the amount which the bill of
the committee will require the pensioners to
pay for notaries' fee. It will work a saving of
$541,600 annually; and it will secure every
advantage over the present system which can
he secured by the bill of the committee, by
cutting off annually $1,400,000 now paid claim
agents, and by securing more frequent pay-
ments of pensions.
And now what are the objections to the
measure? It is urged that it will be incon-
venient for pensioners to go to an officer in the
county of their residence to verify vouchers
i and receive a check in payment of pensions.
I It will be difficult to find any pensioner who
i does not visit his county town more than four
| times a year. But if there be those who do
not, or can not, they can verify a voucher be-
f fore the nearest officer, as now, and forward it
by mail or private conveyance to the proper
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 215.
officer and receive a check in payment of pen-
sion without inconvenience or delay. No logic
of the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Benja-
min] can convince the pensioners that it will
be more convenient to receive payment of
pensions through pension agents located an
average of from one to two hundred miles from
them, aa the fifty-nine pension agents are, than
through an officer located in every county at
an average distance of only about fifteen miles
from them.
And, if any gentleman here shall deem it ma-
terial a provision can be inserted requiring the
officers, in proper cases, to go in person to dis-
abled pensioners.
But the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Ben-
jamin,] in his speech of March 15, intimated
that the bill I had introduced seemed " to be
intended to perpetuate the system of" claim
agents. The candor and fairness of such an
intimation may be best understood by quoting
the words of my bill. It provides that—
If any person shall receive any fee or compensa-
tion from any pensioner for preparing any voucher
or paper herein authorized, or for collecting any pen-
sion or rendering any service in relation thereto,
every person so offending shall, on conviction thereof,
be fined not more than $100, or imprisoned for one
month, or both, in the discretion of the court having
jurisdiction thereof.
My bill authorizes fine and imprisonment
both. The bill of the gentleman from Missouri
simply provides, in an amendment reported
from the Pension Committee on the 25th of
February, as a substitute for section four of the
original bill, and embodied in his bill now
reported from the Pension Committee—
. That every pension agent or other person who shall
tako or receive or demand any pay from any pen-
sioner, for any service in connection with the pay-
! ment of his or her pension, shall forfeit and pay the
sum of $500, to be recovered by indictment in any
court of competent jurisdiction.
This holds out no terror of imprisonment.
And under the bill of the committee, requiring
correspondence with remote pension agents,
the correction of vouchers, &c., claim agents
will be almost a necessity; and as the bill
threatens no imprisonment, the hope of escap-
ing fines will sometimes induce claim agents
or others to take the risk of demanding fees
for services which the law makes almost indis-
pensable. I will not intimate that the bill of
the committee "seems intended to perpetuate
claim agents," for I do not think so; but I do
believe it will be inadequate to prevent some
persons from charging pensioners for aiding
in the collection of pensions.
The gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Bexja-
i^un] said in his speech that the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Crebs,] and I, too, by in-
terposing objections to his bill, had delayed
its passage, and thereby, to use his language,
"had secured to the piratical crew" of claim
agents a large sum for collecting the March
pensions, and he exclaims :
" Let them answer for it to their constituents!"
We will do eo. Onr answer will be that the
bill as it came from the committee proposed
to require every pensioner to pay the pension
agents forty cents for preparing every pension
voucher and for services, which on quarterly
payments would take from the pensioners
$888,800 annually, when by the law as it stood
they might prepare the vouchers^ themselves,
or invoke the aid of some charitable friend,
and save all that. Here is a section of the bill
as it came from the committee which I will
ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 4. And be it further enaalci.Tbat as fall com-
pensation for the preparation of th  voucher ana all
other service attending the payment of each pen-
sion the pension agent shall be entitled to a fee of
forty cents, and no more, which may bededuetedfrom
the amount due each pensioner; ana any pension
agent, or other person, who shall, direetly or indi-
rectly, take or receive or demand a greater sum than
forty cents for suoh service, shall forfeit and pay the
snm of $500 for each offense, to be recovered by in-
dictment in any court of competent jurisdiction.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Let us answer to our
constituents that it was "our objections"
which compelled an amendment to be re-
ported on the 25th of February, which I have
read to the House to be inserted in lieu of this
section four, and which, if adopted, will save
the pensioners from all this expense.
Then, again, as the bill has stood up to this
day, it left the payment of pensions to be semi-
annual only.
Let us answer to our constituents that "our
objections" have called out at last an amend-
ment from the gentleman from Missouri pro-
viding for quarterly payments. Let us answer
to our constituents that my bill was introduced
on the 4th of February, and from that hour to
this I have been ready, willing, and anxious
to secure speedy action on the whole subject.
And the only objection I ever made to the con-
sideration of the bill of the committee was on
the 21st of December, for reasons I gave to
the House on the following day. That objec-
tion has secured valuable amendments, which
will resultin benefits to every pensioner. These
are the answers we give our constituents.
Mr. Speaker, I do not unite in the spirit of
denunciation which declares claim agents a
''piratical crew." As a class of men I believe
them honest and honorable. But if they be
the "piratical crew" they are represented, why
has the gentleman from Missouri sat here for
five long years a member of the Pension Com-
mittee with no measure yet enacted and none
proposed until recently to cut off the services
of claim agents?
But now I accord to the gentleman the honor
to which he is so justly entitled for his efforts
to relieve pensioners of the fees of claim agents
so far as relates to the collection of pensions.
On that subject he deserves the gratitude of
the pensioners, and I unite with him in his
purpose.
It has been objected that the bill I intro-
duced requires no bonds of the officer. The
officers it authorizes to be designated as pay
officers are all bonded officers except the
assessors. But as no money can come into
their hands, I did not suppose new bonds re-
lating to the new duties were material. But
I have added a provision requiring bonds, so
that objection is obviated.
The gentleman from Missouri draws a fearful
picture of some of the postmasters, and insists
that they are not the right men to intrust with
the duties of pay agents. He says :
"Most of the postmasters in the country have
some trading establishment in which the post oflice
is kept. Some of them are not of a kind that favor-
ably impresses the stranger who looks in upon it
while the stage is waiting for the mail to be distrib-
uted. This becomes the headquarters of all the pen-
sioners in the county. The head of the establish-
ment is the claim agent for all of them, lie has a
monopoly of the business licensed by your laws. The
pensioner's money first comes to his hands, from
which an amount of toll can be taken limited only
by his conscience. In many cases the whole grist
will be appropriated."
If all that could be said against postmasters
were true, it should be remembered the bill I
introduced authorized the Secretary of the
Interior to designate—
Any collector or assessor of internal revenue, post-
master, national bank, or Assistant Treasurer of the
United States or other officer.
And will it be urged that no one among all
these can be found in every county sufficiently
competent and honest to perform the duties
required ? Sir, the gentleman from Missouri
did not mean, I hope, to disparage postmas-
ters as a class of men. As a class they are
honest, capable, and faithfuL The dishonest
or incompetent are rare exceptions.
And will any gentleman here venture to go
to his constituents and say to them as a reason
for not voting to provide some officer in every
county, to pay pensioners, that not one officer
could be found in every county who has honesty
and capacity enough to perform the duties 1
Sir, republican America can and does furnish
competent and honest officers in every county
within our wide domain.
Mr. BINGH AM. I would ask my colleague
[Mr. Lawrence] what section of the bill pro-
