1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
225
with the bill known as Senate bill No. 281, but
the Chair understands that part of it wag
omitted in printing. Does ihe Senator desire
it again to be reported?
Mr. CASSERLY. No, sir; I misunder-
stood the amendment. I have it here now.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, ! was not
aware that such an amendment as this was to
be offered. It first comes under my observa-
tion now. It seems to be unlimited in point
of time; it extends to all time and it excepts
nobody, even those whose disabilities have
been removed by Congress.
Mr. MORTON. I will state to the Senator
that there was an omission in printing the
amendment. It does contain, as offered by
me, a declaration excepting those whose polit-
ical disabilities have been removed by a vote
of two thirds of each House of Congress. That
is an omission in the printing of the amend-
ment, and I intend to offer that as an amend-
ment to the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator has
a right to modify it now.
Mr. MORTON. I so modify it. That part
of the am-endment was intended to be included,
and was omitted in printing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The modiGca-
tion will be read.
TheCniEFCi.ERK. After the word " States,"
in the twentieth line of the amendment, it is
proposed to insert: "except such as have had
their disabilities removed by a vote of two
thirds of both Houses of Congress."
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have the
whole of it read now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report it in full as modified.
The Chief Clebk. The amendment, as
modified, is as follows:
Sue.—. And ba it further ^nuated, That any per.-;on
who shall heroafter hold and exercise any officio
croatod by the constitution or laws of Georgia, or
attempt to hold axul oxorciso any such ofiiee, or to
act, or attempt to act as a memlior of tho Legislature
of the Stato of Georgia, who, having held tho oflioo
or oxercisod tho duties of a .Senstor ov Representative
in Congress, or a member of tho Legislature of any
State of tho United States, or held any civil ollico
eroated by law for tho administration ol any general
law of a btate, ov for tho administration of justice in
any Stato or undor tho laws of the United States, or
held any office in tho military or naval service of the
United States or of the militia of nny BUi I u, and taken
an oath to support tho Constitution of tho United
States and thereafter onga.god in insurrection or re-
bellion against tho United Ktalos, or kuvo aid orcom-
fort to its enemies, or rendered support or aid to nny
insurrection or rohcllion ngaiiist tho United States,
or held any ollico under, or gave any supportio any
tlovornment of any kind organised or aiding in ho«~
tilitytotho United States, or levying: wur against tho
United States, except such as hiivo had their dis-
abilities rotnoved by a voto of two thirds of both
Houses of Congress, shall ho doomed guilty of a mis-
demeanor, and shall. upon indictniont and convic-
tion thereof by tho district, court of the United States,
be imprisoned one year and lined in any sum not
exceeding S'J.OOl) nor loss than #f>00 and tho provis-
ions of this section shall ho applicable to any person
who shall have boon elected to any ollico as afore-
said or to membership in tho Stato Legislature, who.
after the passage of this aot shall continue to hold
and oxorciso, or attempt, to hold nnd oxerciso an
office, or to act or to nttompt to oet as member of a
State Legislature in violation of the preceding pro-
visions of this section.
Mr. THURMAN. I have remarked already
to the Senate that this amendment is unlimited
in its duration. It is proposed to bo enacted
as a law, so far as it relates to the State of
Georgia, that will endure for all time, for there
is never any presumption in the enactment of
a statute that that statute will be repealed. It
is then to be a law after the State of Georgia
shall have been fully restored to her relations
to the other States and to the Union, after her
Senators and Representatives shall have taken
their seats in Congress. That is the first thing
to which I wish to call the attention of tho
Senate. It is to be as enduring as time, or at
least as enduring as the lives of the present
generation, so far as the amendment itself pro-
poses. The next thing to which I wish to call
the attention of the Senate is that it is so much
more sweeping than the fourteenth amend-
ment that, if adopted, it will embrace ninety-
nine out of every hundred of the people of
41st Conu. 2d Sess.—No. 15.
Georgia-of adnlt age. What is it? In the first
place it goes beyond the fourteenth amendment
in this: the fourteenth amendment provided:
" No person shall bo a Senator or Representative
in Congress, or elector of President and Vice Presi-
dent, or hold any office, civil or military, under the
United States or under any State, who having pre-
viously taken an oath as a member of Congress —
That is the first class—
" or as an officer of tho United States"—
That is the second class—
" or as a momber of any State Legislature"—
That is the third class—
" or as an executivo or judicial officer of any State"—
That is the fourth and the last class in the
fourteenth amendment—
"to support tho Constitution of tho Unitod States,
shall have engaged in insurrection or rebellion
against the same, or given aid or comfort to tho enc-
raios thereof. But Congress may by a voto of two
thirds of each Houso removo such disability."
Now, this amendment proposes to add to
these other classes. In the first place, instead
of using the language of the fourteenth amend-
ment, "or as an executive or judicial officer
of any State," it says ''or held any civil office
created by law for the administration of any
general law of a State, or for the administra-
tion of justice in any State or under the laws
of the United States." What is meant by " any
civil office created by law for the administration
of any general law of a State?" How would
it apply in Louisiana, where there is a public
administrator appointed by law to settle dead
men's estates? He is a civil officer created
for the administration of a general law of a
State. 1 do not think he was brought within
the terms of tho fourteenth amendment, but he
is within tho terms of this amendment.
Again, take another class of men, masters-
commissioner in chancery. Almost every State
has a statute providing for the appointment of
masters-commissioner in chancery. They are
appointed to exercise certain functions in tho
administration of a general law of a State or
in justice; and that class of men not embraced
by the fourteenth amendment are to bo within
this amendment.
But here is a largreater enlargement: "or
held any office in the military or naval service
of the United States, or of tho militia of any
State." There is nothing in the fourteenth
amendment about having held any office in tho
militia of a State. The fourteenth amendment
does not touch that, but every man who has
ever held any office in the militia of any State
of this Union is unqualified by this amendment
to the bill, if it passes, from holding any office
whatsoever in tho State of Georgia.
Hut that is not all. Tho disfranchisement
applies to any of these persons who shall have
done what? The fourteenth amendment says
1' shall liavo engaged in insurrection or rebel-
lion against the samo [tho United States] or
given aid or comfort to the enemies thereof."
This amendment says, "and thereafter engaged
in insurrection or rebellion against the Unitod
States, or gavoaid or comfort to its enemies,"
which is tho language of the fourteenth amend-
ment substantially; and then it goes on: " or
rendered support or aid to any insurrection or
rebellion against the United States, or held any
office undor or gave any support to any gov-
ernment of any kind organized or acting in
hostility to the United States."
Now, I call the attention of the Senate to the
point, that if this becomes a law it is notneees-
sary to his conviction that the person shall
voluntarily have given any aid, that he shall
voluntarily have rendered any support to the
confederacy; but whether he rendered it. vol-
untarily or involuntarily, in either ease lie is
alike punishable by this proposed amendment. 1
If, for instance, lie paid his taxes because he
could not help pay them to the State of Geor- |
gia while she was in insurrection he is disqual- ,
ified under this amendment. If his property
was taken for the support of their armies, how- ]
ever much against his will it might have been, i
he is liable to punishment under this section if
he holds any office in the State of Georgia.
Why, it would disfranchise nine tenths 
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to interpose ?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. On consultation with some
of the friends of this section, I propose to with-
draw the amendment from this bill with the
view of putting it into a general law on the sub-
ject applicable to all the States. Therefore I
withdraw the amendment.
Mr. SPENCER. I think there is a general
bill on the subject.
Mr. THURMAN. There is such a bill on
the Calendar now, which was argued at the last
session but was not pressed to a decision then.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Indiana withdraws his amendment. The
Senator from Ohio is still on the floor.
Mr. THURMAN. I had not intended to
say a word on this subject. I have already
talked to the Senate to-day more than I desired
to talk; and I never have any disposition, I
willjsay without any affectation, to speak merely
to hear myself talk. But since 1 have taken
the floor to point out what I consider to be
defects of this amendment I will sa,y a few
words upon the general merits of the bill itself,
and then submit, so far as I am concerned, to
the will of the majority.
I know that the bill is destined to pass and
I have no disposition to waste time ; but at the
samo time, as I would not wish to consume
unnecessarily tho time and weary out the
patience of the Senate, I beg Senators to rec-
ollect, some of whom have been in minorities as
well as we are to-day, that a Senator, however
much he may differ from the majority of the
Senate, may owe it to his self-respect orto those
whom lie represents to announce his dissent,
not simply by the vote he gives, but also in the
form of address to the body; and I feel entirely
justified in calling tho attention of the Senate
to this bill.
The State of Georgia elected a Legislature
under your reconstruction acts. That Legis-
lature performed every single requirement of
those acts. So your President tells us in his
message, and so the Senator from Illinois [Mr.
Tkumuult,] in the views that he published at
the last session of the Fortieth Congress made
perfectly manifest by reference to official docu-
ments. The State, then, according to your
reconstruction laws, was entitled to the admis-
sion of its Senators and Representatives in Con-
gress. The House of Representatives admitted
its members in that branch of Congress. The
Senate did not; it referred the credentials of
the Senators-elect to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and no action was taken finally upon
their credentials.
Here, then,wasGeorgia. having complied with
every requirement of the reconstruction acts
and having elected Senators and Represent-
atives and her Representatives admitted in the
other branch of the Fortieth Congress, and hold-
ing their seats until that Congress expired—I
say Georgia did all that your acts required,
ratifying the fourteenth amendment among the
rest, and yet now it is proposed to take Georgia
in hand again ; and why to take her in hand?
Two reasons have been given for it, andbu'ttwo,
that I know of. One reason is that her Legis-
lature, after she had complied with every requi-
sition of the reconstruction acts, decided that
colored men were not entitled to seats in that
Legislature, not entitled to hold office in Geor-
gia, and therefore the colored members were
expelled from their seats; and in the next
place, that certain persons held seats in that
body who were not entitled under the fourteenth
amendment, of the Constitution to hold seats.
First, in regard to the persons who held seats
who were disqualified under the fourteenth
amendment. I have looked at the testimony
before the committee of the House of Repre-
sentatives on that subject, and nobody says
that there were any more_ than from three to
five of those men in a Legislature consisting. I
