1870.
THE CONGRESSION AL GLOBE.
4369
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 35, noes 97.
So (one fifth voting in the affirmative) the
yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FARNSWOETEL I desire to say that if
the Georgia bill can be reported 
Mr. DICKEY. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Faunsworth] desires unanimous
consent to make a statement.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, I simply wish to say
that 1 will withdraw the call for the yeas and
nays if an -understanding can be had that the
Georgia bill shall be reported as soon as the
river and harbor bill is disposed of.
Several members objected.
The question was taken on the motion that
the House resolve itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the river and harbor bill; and it
was decided in the affirmative—yeas 182, nays
3b, not voting GO; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Arm-
strong, Arnell, Asper, Atwood, Bailey, Banks, Barry,
Boaman, Beatty, Benton, Blair, Boles, Bowen, Boyd,
U-eore:e M. Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Bufunton, Bur-
chard, Bnrdett, Burr, Roderick 11. Butler, Calkin,
Churchill, William X. Clark, Sidney Clarke,Amasa
Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Conger, Cowles, Cullom, Dawes,
Degener, Dickey, Dixon, Donley, Duval, Ela, Eld-
rulgc, Jb'erriss, Ferry, Fmkelnburg, Fisher, Garfield,
Griswoid, Hale. Hambleton, Ilamil!, Hamilton,Har-
ris, Hawkins, Hawley, Hay, Hoar, Kolman, Hooper,
Ilotchkiss, Ingersoll, Johnson, Alexander II. Jones,
Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kellogg, Kelsey, Ivetchain,
Knnpp, LaSin, Lash, Lawrence, Logan, Maynard,
McCarthy, McCormick, McCrarv, McGrew, jVIc-
Kce, MeNeely,Mercur, Eliakiui H. Moore, William
Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill, Mun-
gen, Myers, Newshain, Niblaek, O'Neill, Orth, Pack-
ard, Paine, Palmer, Peck, Poland, Pomeroy, Roots,
Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer, Lionel A.Sheldon, Porter
.yalader 0. Washburn, William B. Washburn, Wells,
Whitmore. Wilkinson, Willard, Eugene M. Wilson,
John T. Wilson, Wmans, and Witclier—132.
NAYS—Me^rs. Adnnib, Beck, Benjamin, Bing-
ham, Booker, James Brooks, Cessna, Conner, Cox,
Crebs, Dockory, Dox, Farnsworth, Fiteh, Fox, Getz,
Kerr, Knott, Lewis, Marshall, Maylia.ni, Mckenzie,
Millies, Morgan, Randall, ltceves, Itice, Ridgway,
Ilogers, Sherrml, Shoher, tfweenev, Trimble, van
Auken, Van Trump, Winchester, Wood, and vv oou-
ward—08. ,, , t,
NOT VOTINO~-JIe^r«. Archer, Axtell, Ayer, jL>ar-
num, Bennett. Bisff". Bird. Benjamin F. Butler, Cake,
Cleveland, Clinton L. Cobb, Covode, Davis, Dickin-
son, Dver, Gibson, Gillillan, Ilaicht, Ilaldcman,
llavs, Ilea ton, lief!In, Hill, Ilo^e, Jenekes, Thomas
L. jone.-\ Loughridge, Lynch, JesseH. Moore, Alor-
phis, Morrissey, Neglcy, Packer, 1 erce, 1 eters,
Phelps, Plait, Porter, Potter, Prosser, bchencg,
Sehumakpr, Seofiold, Shanks, Slocum, Joseph b.
Smith William J. Smith, Worthington 0. bmith,
Stevens. Stiles, Stone, Scions. Taffc,
send, Yoorhees, Wallace, Wolker, Wheeler, and
W lllianis—GO.
So the motion was agreed to.
lilVKB AND HAllBOK BILL.
The House according resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Dickey in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill (H. in.
No. 2092) making appropriations for the re-
pair, preservation, arid completion ol certain
public works on rivers and harbors, and lor
other purposes, for the fiscal year ending J unc
;;0, 1871. , ,
The CHAIRMAN. Pursuant to the order
of the House, all general debate on this bill
will terminate in one minute.
Mr. SAWYER. I move that the first read-
ing of the bill be dispensed with.
There being no objection, the motion was
agreed to.
The Clerk proceeding to read the bill by
paragraphs for amendment, read as loliows .
Ear improvement of llacino harbor, Wisconsin,
^improvement of Kenosha harbor, Wisconsin,
?i o.ooo. . ,
Mr. BECK. I wish to put an inquiry to the
< eiitleman having charge of this bill, ihis
appropriation for Kenosha harbor, Wisconsin,
is not ni the book of estimates. _ Why have the
committee inserted it in the bill.''
Mr. PAINE. The gentleman from ixen-
41st Coxa. 2d Sess.—No. 274.
tucky [Mr. Beck] is mistaken. When the bill
was first prepared it was supposed that neither
the appropriation for Racine harbor nor that
for Kenosha harbor was embraced in the
estimates; but I subsequently examined the
estimates, and called the attention of the com-
mittee to the fact that both of those items were
included. A portion of the appropriation here-
tofore made for Milwaukee harbor is diverted,
and is to be given to these two points.
The Clerk read as follows :
^improvement of Charlotte harbor, New York,
Mr. SAWYER. I am instructed by the
Committee on Commerce to move to amend by
striking out "twenty" in the paragraph just
read and inserting " twelve," and by adding the
following:
For improvement of Oak Orchard harbor, How
York, $8,000.
The amendments were agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Eor improvement of the Dos Moines rapids,
§100,000.
Mr. KELSEY. Mr. Chairman, I move to
strike that out, and I do so for the purpose of
making an inquiry of the gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Sawyer] who has charge of this
bill. I wish to know whether this appropri-
ation is for the same improvement for which
we have heretofore granted lands to a com-
pany? If I remember rightly, in 1854-5G a
large grant of land was made to a company to
make this improvement, and that company has
received the land. I wish to know whether
this is the same work?
Mr. SAWYER. It is not.
Mr. ALLISON". Lands were granted for the
improvement of the Des Moines rapids in the
State of Iowa. These are the Des Moines
rapids in the Mississippi river.
Mr. SAWYER. I will say to the gentleman
from New York that this is not the same im-
provement for which a land grant was made.
This is in the Mississippi river.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is the bill being
read for amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. KELSEY. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 wish to call atten-
tion to tlie appropriation for the improvement
of the Wisconsin river in line one hundred and
six.
The CHAIRMAN. That has been passed.
Mr. BEAMAN. I object to going back.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Have we not already
appropriated for these Des Moines rapids
some four or five hundred thousand dollars
during the present year?
Mr. SAWYER. The Department asked
$1,000,000 for the improvement of the Des
Moines rapids. Two hundred thousand dol-
lars have been given already, and $400,000 are
here appropriated, which, we aro told, is abso-
lutely necessary for the successful prosecution
of the work.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order,
there being no amendment pending.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 was not aware that
the bill was being read for amendment. I ask
to  o back to line one hundred and six.
Mr. BEAMAN. I object.
The Clerk read as follows :
For improvement of the Illinois river, $100,000.
Mr. CREBS. I move to add the following :
For improvement of Ihe Big Wabash river at
Grand Chain and below the same, 5.10,000.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I rise to the point of
order that this is not authorized by any existing
law and does not come from anyeommitt.ee of
this House. .
Mr. CREBS. The gentleman is mistaken.
I only desire to say a word on the amendment
£ have offered. The Great Chain of the Big
Wabash river is onlv about twelve miles^
Mr. BENJAMIN". I insist on a decision on
my point of order.
Mr. INGERSOLL. What is tlie point of
order ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. That there is no existing
law for this work.
Mr. ING-ERSOLL. That is no point of order
on this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. Points of order were not
reserved on this bill.
Mr. BENJAMIN. My point of order is in
reference to an amendment, and not in refer-
ence to anything in the bill.
Mr. CREBS. If that is the only point, lean
produce the law in a few moments.
The CHAIRMAN. Unless the law be pro-
duced the Chair must sustain the point of order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I wish the members
of the committee would give us some informa-
tion. It seems to be a bill to secure a major-
ity of the votes of members of the House by
little driblets scattered round in the several
congressional districts. ,
Mr. INGERSOLL. I object to debate, no
amendment being offered.
, The Clerk read as follows:
For improvement of the mouth of the St. John's
river, Morula, $5,000.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 move to strike that
out. I remember that a year ago we had a bill
appropriating for the improvement of rivers
and harbors, and among the rest for the Wis-
consin river. If you were to appropriate
$1,000,000 a year that river would fill up with
sand. It would bo utterly impossible to drag
the channel clear for navigation; we are told
that we would havq to wall the banks through-
out its wh.ole length, and make a canal of it,
to secure free navigation.
Now, we find another $100,000 appropriated
to be thrown into the sands of the Wisconsin
river; and in order to secure^ that, there are
a number of such votes as this of $5,000 t,o
remove the snags at the mouth of the St. John's
river, Florida. I should like to know how
much good $5,000 will do to improve the navi-
gation there ?' And further, in order to get
votes, where the bill does not make an appro-
priation for any district, it provides for some
little privilege in the way of sending engineers
to make an examination of the various rivers
and little streams and creeks, &c., throughout
the southern States. It is thus expected to
secure the votes of the members from all the
southern States.
1 am in favor of a river and harbor appro-
priation bill for those rivers and harbors which
it is proper and necessary to improve. But I
am opposed to this sort of universal omnium
yalherum. this "Tickle me, Billy, and I'll
tickle you" system. " (Jive me something for
my river, and I'll give you something for
yours."
Mr. FERRY. I should like to know from the
gentleman from Illinois what members have
been specially influenced in their votes by this
distribution. " The gentleman makes a sweep-
ing charge. I ask him to specify the members
to whom the charge applies.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have no idea that
the charge applies to the gentleman from Michi-
gan, [Mr. Ferry.'J
Mr. FERRY'. Speaking for myself, I may
say that were 1 governed by the proportion
which the bill gives to harbors in my district,
compared to what the chief of engineers has
recommended as really necessary, 1 might not
at all be willing to concede my vote. Tlie en-
gineer recommends some §500,000, and the bill
gives but $100,000 to harbors in my district..
I however take into consideration the condi-
tion of our national finances, and cheerfully
join other members of the committee in cut-
ting down as low as possible all appropriations
compatible with the protection of the harbors
of the nation, with a proper regard to tue
security of our growing commerce. -No, su ,
gentlemen of the committee have exercised a
commendable spirit of economy in accepting
what the condition of the national ireasury
