1870.
TBM CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1537
funding bill with a view to allow those gentle-
men to make their remarks on it bow, and then
let it go over. I merely make the suggestion
at their request. •
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio moves to postpone the present
order for the purpose ot considering the fund-
ing bill.
Air. WILSON. I agree to let the regular
order go over informally.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not care how it is
done.
Mr. CHANDLER. But if I understand oor-
rectly, the hill regularly under consideration is
the railroad bill to New York.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is nothing
before the Seuate now except tho Mississippi
case.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I dislike exceedingly to
interfere with the suggestion made by the Sen-
ator from Ohio; but there is before the Senate
& privileged question—a question of the very
highest privilege, the right of persons to seats
in this body. I should hope that no business
would be permitted to interfere with the settle-
ment of that question. It ought to be settled
at once. However, I will say to the Senator
from Ohio that if, as I shall hope, we can get
through with this question of privilege in the
course of an hour or two—I do not know how
protracted the debate is to be, but I hope it is
not to continue long—we can then indulge the
Senators from New Hampshire and New
York.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know anything
about that. I made this suggestion at the
request of the Senator from New Hampshire,
who is compelled to go away after to-day, and
it is a courtesy that has usually been granted.
I am told the two gentlemen together will
require about an hour and a half to express
their views on the subject, when, as a matter
ofcourse, the question ofprivilege will come up.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I cannot object if those
Senators, under the circumstances, ask the
courtesy of the Senate. I will not interpose
an objection, but I hope we may be permitted
to finish this privilege question to-day.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask that by unani-
mous consent those gentlemen be permitted to
make their speeches without taking up the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Michigan, who has a bill antagonising
the funding bill, desires that this shall be done
by unanimous consent without taking up the
bill. Is there objection to that ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not see how they
can make their speeches unless the bill is up.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is the funding bill before
the Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It can be taken
ap by unanimous consent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to any funding
bill coming up, except merely for the purpose of
allowing those Senators to make their speeches.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let it be done inform-
ally.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am willing it shall be
done informally or in any way.
The VICE PRESIDENT, Does the Sen-
ator from Delaware consent, he baying the
floor?
Mr. SAULSBURY. Certainly.
- Mr. POMEROY. The funding bill will b«
before the Senate for a month, and the Sen-
ators can go all over the United States and
come back before it will be finally disposed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands that by unanimous consent the funding
bill will be informally taken up, to be laid aside
again at the conclusion of the speeches of the
Senators from New Hampshire and New York.
The bill (S. No. 380] to authorize the refund-
ing and consolidation of the national debt, to
extend banking facilities, and to establish spe-
cie payments, is therefore before the Senate.
Mr. PATTERSON. Mr. President, our
national debt and depreciated currency have
bred a swarm of financial empirics as service-
41st Cong. 2d Sbss.—No. 97.
abla, and about as numerous as the locusts of
Egypt.
The gold and stock-gamblers, from the mag-
nate of the banking-house to the lackey of the
gold-room and exchange, believe tho technical
slang bandied by the nnscrupulous fanatics of
Broad street to be the language of profound
knowledge, and affect to despise as impracti-
cable dreamers, the men who would apply to
the tangled web of our monetary affairs the
principles which have been established by cen-
turies of study and experience. But in this,
as in every other pursuit of life, it is thought
which transmutes experience into wisdom.
The man who should reject general laws and
study nature only iu her phenomena, would
fiud his knowledge limited by a narrow horizon,
and become a charlatan.
Finance is not a game of chance, butascience,
and must be studied ia its history and its laws.
Money sprang from the necessities of com-
merce, as machinery from the wants of labor.
It was invented, to increase the facilities and
multiply the capacities of trade, as the engine
was to enlarge the field and enhance the power
of industry. It is as indispensable to rapid
and universal commercial interchange as the
steamship or the telegraph, and has done far
more than they to advance mankind from the
crude ideas and narrow resources of the days
of barter, to their present condition of civil-
isation and wealth. Originally, money was de-
signed as a medium of exchange, and as such
its theory is very simple and easily understood.
Nothing can permanently discharge the func-
tions of a circulating medium which has not
either an intrinsic or an exchangeable market
value at par. Trade is the natural transfer of
equal values, and men do not readily exchange
their labor or their goods for a paper promise
of an equivalent in the future, except upon
the positive assurance that sach promise can
be converted, at pleasure, into something else
of an intrinsic worth equal to that with which
they part. Wealth in gold and silver has a
form which neither time nor the misfortunes of
Govern ment can destroy, for having a natural
and universal value, it will survive the muta-
tions of institutions and peoples, and be ex-
changeable when they have passed away. But
paper money, having no such value, rises and
fails with the credit of the party issuing it, and
the property which it represents is a total loss
when that party fails.
Barter exchanges value for value, and a spe-
cie medium does not change the character of
the transaction. The specie is its own secur-
ity, and only introduces a more convenient and
potent system of barter. On the other hand,
a paper circulation brings between exchanges
a mere promise, exposed to all the frailties of
human nature and all the fluctuations and uncer-
tainties of human fortune.
Irredeemablepaper cannot be used in foreign
commerce, cannot encourage domestic trade
or stimulate productive industry, and conse-
quently can never be made the exclusive cir-
culation. Aa attempt to substitute it for gold
and silver would bring back the barter, and
with it the rnde civilization of a primitive age.
We may confidently assu me, therefore, that noue
of the modern financial revelators will be able
to diyert or reverse the wheels of progress by
the new lights which they have hung out in the
firmament. No currency can fulfill the func-
tions of money which does not command the
confidence qf the business public, and none can
command its confidence which has not a com-
paratively permanent, inherent, or exchange-
able value. Hence no legislation, no financial
expedients will bring tho industry and trade
of the country to their normal condition and
restore our old-time prosperity so long as we
fail to bring our currency to the basis of gold.
The worth of the precious metals, it must be
allowed, fluctuates within narrow limits with
the supply, but their change of value is too
slow to cause any material losses, or to dis-
turb the investments and activities of busiuess,
and hence they may be used as a standard
measure of values.
Gold and silver, or paper convertible at
pleasure into these at par, constitute a sound
circulation. Such a circulation has a natural
and absolute limit.
If our annual foreign and domestic trade
amounts to $40,000,000,000, and ninety per
cent, of this is carried on by checks and bills of
exchange, there will be a balance of $4,000,-
000,000 to be transacted with money ; buL if
each dollar changes hands on an average ten
times, $400,000,000 is the amount required fur
all the exchanges of the country.
To show that the above estimate of the pro-
portion of money used in business transactions
is well founded, 1 quote from the testimony of
Sir John Lubbock, given before the Statis-
tical Society of London, in June, 1803, iti
which lie stated that the sum of £1'.),000.000
sterling was paid iuto his bank as follows ■
Checks and bills £18,395,0(10
£wk of England notes  408.000
Country notes  7'.\oo;>
Coin  118,000
£19,000,000
or 9/ per cent, cheeks, «fce.
2.4 per cent, bank notes.
0.6 of 1 per cent. coin.
100
If at any time the amount of specie in circu-
lation exceeds the demands of business prices
rise and the market invites importation, which
carries abroad the excess and reduces the circu-
lation to the legitimate demands of trade. If
it falls below the requisite amount there is at
once a reduction of prices, and money returns
to swell the exports of cheapened products.
But no such system of adjustment exists for
irredeemed paper money. It cannot go abroad,
as it has only a local or national representative
value, and an excessive issue must enter into
the prices of all things bought and sold. When
this happens capital gains an advantage over
labor and the poor suffer an unendurable hard-
ship, for the price of labor follows slowly the
costof living. Paper money is a cunning engine
in the hands of capital, by which it may suck
up invisibly the profits of industry and trans-
form the yeomanry of a country into a nation
of beggars.
But w« are told that in the interchangeability
of paper money with Government bonds, re-
deemable in paper, we have a subtle principle
that will regulate the movements of finance and
commerce. It is a sufficient answer to this
that no legislation can make paper money a
legal tender beyond our own jurisdiction, and
that if we banish specie as a barbarism unworthy
of theage, in the language of these paper philos-
ophers, we shall have nothing left with which
to effect the interchanges of foreign commerce.
A paper currency based upon specie depre-
ciates with an overissue, while the purchasing
power of gold is unchanged, and so two cur-
rencies of unequal values come into existence.
Immediately prices advance, and an excessive
importation sets in, which drains the gold from
the country. Thus inflation tends to aggravate
and perpetuate itself. Between the two cur-
rencies an insane speculation is created, which
plies its diabolic enginery to raise or depress
the price of gold, as its interests may demand.
For years this eollege of gamblers has been
the master of the money market, and not only
baffled and perplexed the Government, but
paralyzed the legitimate business of the coun-
try. Its power is at last beginning to wane
as we approach resumption, and will die when
it is restored.
But the mischief of inflation ia not limited to
stock gambling. Its influence is subtle and far
reaching. With a mixed currency an overissue
of paper advances prices and gives stringency to
the money market which it proposes to relieve.
It takes illusively and covertly from labor its
just share in the profits of production, and
adds it to the accumulations of capital. It is
a cunning device by which the rich are made
