2482
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
Your preemption laws are abused. Men drag
their cabins from one place to another so that,
they really have no homes, and they preempt
a dozen farms with one little hut that they have
on runners. They abuse your other systems
in every possible way, but without this system
you ean never penetrate the interior, and you
cannot have settlers on the line of the Northern
Pacific railway. There will be no settlers on
that line if the road be not built, and it is ex-
tremely doubtful whether it can be built by
means of a land grant. If it can, and you can
thereby make a place for settlers, every man
who desires the prosperity and development
of this country will say amen.
The proposition of the Senator from lo'.va
comes with a bad grace after this company has
organized, after the best men in the country
have taken hold of it, after it has got some life
and some hopes, to propose an amendment
that takes away this land. The amendment
proposed by him destroys the grant, prevents
the possibility of building the road, and retains
to desolation that vast and wealthy region for
the present generation. It is impossible for
the company to proceed and build the road if
the lands are to be taken from them. Much
of it they cannot sell for ten cents an acre or a
cent an acre. The little land that they can
sell for something where they make it valuable
along the line of the road, in the littlo valleys
or by their depots, that you take from them ;
and if you pass the bill in this shape the aver-
age value of their lands will not be ten cents
an acre in the aggregate, because much of it
over that "line is entirely waste land.
I do not believe in taking from this company
its only means of building the road. Kromthe
head of Lake Superior to Puget sound is a vast
region. It is impossible for settlers to go there
as things now are. They have not gone, and
will not go. The new railroads being built are
inviting immigration from Europe; they arc
giving employment to our own people; they are
giving employment to the people in the East
who manufacture the cars, build the engines,
and furnish the iron. If you want prosperity
lot the country grow. Four thousand miles
of railroad were built last year, and that is
one of the reasons for our great prosperity.
Our internal commerce is vastly superior to
our external commerce. Tlfc external com-
merce sinks into absolute insignilicance com-
pared with the internal commerce. Our great
power and strength is in the development of
the internal resources of this country. Why
for the sake of letting a few men who will fol-
low along the line of this railroad and pick out
choice places to bo bought oil', why for the sake
of letting them carry 011 their petty specula-
tions, will you ruin a great enterprise like this?
And shall it come from Iowa, with her seven
million acres of public land granted for railroad
purposes? She has received more than any
other State in proportion to the number of
acres within her borders, and I am glad she
has. It has made her a great State.
Mr. HAIILAN. The Senator is in error in
the statement that Iowa has received seven
million acres of land, or anything near it, for
railroad purposes.
Mr. STEWART. I take it from the re-
port of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office.
Mr. IIAIiLAN. If you estimate half the
land embraced within the external limits of
the grants, and suppose the State has received
the whole of them, it would probably foot up the
aggregate of that amount.
Mr. STEWART. Taking what the State has
received, the Commissioner puts it down at
something over seven million acres.
Mr. HARLAN. He estimates, as 1 stated,
011 the supposition that all the alternate sec-
tions within the external limits of the grants
had been received by the State; but the total
amount received would not reach half that.
Mr. STEWART. I beg pardon; he does
not say that.
ii
Mr. HARLAN. I think I know more about
my own State than the Senator from Nevada.
Mr. STEWART. That may be.
Mr. HARLAN. There are only about thirty-
two million acres in the State of Iowa all told.
It is an impossibility that seven millions could
have been granted for railroad purposes.
Mr. STEWART. The Commissioner of the
General Land Office—and if I had a copy of
his report I could satisfy the Senator from
Iowa that 1 am correct—puts it down at over
seven millions, and he only counts the altex1-
nate sections, and then he makes some deduc-
tions whore the title may be defective, and
makes deductions of waste lands ; and he says
the amount of the grants to Iowa is something
over seven million acres.
Mr. WILLIAMS. 1" have the report of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office here,
and he states that the estimated number of
acres inuring under the grants to Iowa is
7,3ai.20TftV
Mr. HARLAN. Yes, sir; but notice the
phraseology, ''the amount inuring under the
grant;" that is, supposing the whole amount,
has been received by the State that it would
have been entitled to within the external lim-
its of the grant had the land not been previ-
ously disposed of. I introduced a resolution,
which the Senate was kind enough to adopt,
last year, calling on the Commissioner of the
General Land Office to state the actual num-
ber of acres granted and the actual number of
acres received by the States under the various
grants, and it did not amount to one tenth the
total number stated in the report.
Mr. STEWART. 1 will state how that hap-
pened. Taking the Pacific railroads, and all
the deserts the Pacific Railroad Companies have
got, there has been 11 total of grants amounting
to nearlyone hundred and eighty million acres;
but only a little over twenty-two millions have
been actually patented. The lands are not
patented until the roads are completed. Iowa
has not got her roads completed and has not
got the patents ; but the computation to which
1 refer was what would inure to her under the
grants. She will preserve all her grants. She
has got good lands, and with them can build
the roads. She will get over seven million
acres, or in that neighborhood, about that
much, under the grants, and I say that is more
than any other State has had in proportion to
the whole number of acres. Iowa is a small
State in territory, although immensely devel-
oped. What is the fact with Iowa? llowdocs
she grow? Without any State debt, wealthy,
powerful, one of the most prosperous States
in the Union, there the system has had fair
play. It has kept out scrip speculation, and
fit has carried settlement, it has afforded mar-
kets, and it comes with ill grace from Iowa to
say that the West shall not bo developed.
I know that the Senator from Iowa nearest
me [Mr. Hahlan] is a friend of railroad grants
properly guarded, and has done more for them
than almost any other man, and the prosperity
of the country crowns his labor and vindicates
the position he has taken. The other Senator
from Iowa [Mr. Howeix] undoubtedly appre-
ciates the advantages of having railroads. So
I10 says; but 111 this particular instance he
wants to do that very thing which will prevent
the railroad from being built. If this Northern
Pacific railroad can be built who can imagine,
who can estimate the value of it to this coun-
try? And why hamper it in this way, when it
is acknowledged, as it must be acknowledged,
that the system has worked well? This system
will bear investigation, in each individual
ease, wherever railroads have been built under
it, they have benefited the country, and they
have promoted settlement; they have taken
settlements along with them. If you can build
this Northern Pacific railroad you will have a
line of settlements from Puget sound to Lake
Superior. The taxes upon thein will relieve
the burdens of the rest of the nation, and the
business they will give to the manufacturers of
the East and everywhere will give animation
to the country, will aid to make it more easy
to bear its burdens. Let us have enterprise,
let us have commerce, and let us have the gold
and silver of these mountains. Let us have
the rich valleys that are spread out along our
northern border open to emigrants. •
Talk about settlers going there ! They can-
not go there without a railroad. There has
been an effort to build this railroad for some
time. The men along the northern tier of
States have been laboring for the last five or
six years to organize the means of doing it.
The very best men have taken hold of it; they
have now enlisted capital, and they are asking
for legislation that is very moderate in its
character ; they are not asking for Government
bonds, but simply to have their land grant in
such a shape that they can use it, mortgage it,
and raise money on it, and they are going to
work in good faith, will you strike down their
credit ? Will you strike down their prospects ?
Will you stop the progress of that portion of
that portion of the country ? No 1 No! The
land grant is good for nothing with your re-
strictions, and the road will stop unless you
do something to make it available. But, sir,
I will not prolong the discussion, because this
bill ought to pass, and pass at once.
■ Mr. POMEROY. Sir. President, I will_not
make remarks applying to the whole question,
but to the amendment suggested by the Sen-
ator from Iowa to the amendment moved by
the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. HOWELL. If the Senator will yield a
moment, I understand this grant, so far as the
amendment I offered is concerned, has already
been made; and therefore I do not know that
it becomes me at this stage to interfere to make
that amendment, and so I withdraw it. But
I will stand by the amendment that was offered
by the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. POMEROY. Then I will say nothing
in regard to the character of the amendment
proposed to be offered by the Senator from
Iowa.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry
in the chair.) The question is 011 the amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Wilson.]
Mr. POM-EROY. I so understand.
Mr. CASSERLY. I will renew the amend-
ment of the Senator from Iowa. I do not
understand the fact3 as he does. We are about
to make a new grant to this company for the
purpose, as it is claimed, of making up defi-
ciencies ; but it is a new grant in its operations;
that is, it affects new lands.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from California renews the amendment of
the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. POMEROY. Then the amendment to
the amendment is before the Senate. If the
Senator from California had read carefully the
amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts
he would have seen that all that is embraced
in the new grant is putat $2 50 an acre by the
Senator from Massachusetts ; but I apprehend
the Senator from California is too good a law-
yer to suppose that he can make that apply to
a grant which already exists and that the com-
pany have had in their possession rightfully
for several years. I apprehend that every Sen-
ator will agree that a grant which has beeu
given and accepted, and which the company
have not forfeited, cannot now be taken away
from them, nor a limitation placed upon it
that would be destructive of its value. So
that the amendment of the Senator from Cal-
ifornia, when it shall be considered by itself,
will be an amendment to strike out from the
franchise of this company a right that has
been secured to them for years. It is a spe-
cies of retrograde legislation, going backward.
It is in the nature of violating a contract, which
is only a little less than an immorality whenever
proposed by any legislative body. Whether
Congress has power to do it, of course I am in
doubt; but it certainly has not the right to do
