3426
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
posed by the Committee on Invalid Pensions
subjects the pensioner to any charge what*
ever?
Mr. LAWRENCE. I would be glad if my
colleague [Mr. Bingiiam] had considered this
subject as I think I have.
Mr. BINGHAM. But that is not answering
my question.
Mr. LAWRENCE. The firstsection requires
the pensioner "to execute and return the same
(a pension voucher) to the agency (the office
of the pension agent) at which it was pre-
pared," &c. The law requires it to be sworn
to. This requires an oath before a notary or
local officer at the residence of the pensioner.
The average fees fixed by the lawsof the States
is forty cents. It is forty cents in Ohio.
J repeat, the bill of the Pension Committee,
and the bill now presented to the House by the
chairman of the committee, [Mr. Benjamin,]
makes no provision for paying this fee, but
leaves it to be paid by the pensioners. If this
feature of the bill shall be remedied itwill only
better I have called attention to this great
wrong; and now that the previous question is |
ordered it can only be done by unanimous con- j
sent, which the gentleman in charge of the bill
[Mr. Benjamin] has not asked. j
Some of the objections to the bills proposing
payment through an officer in every county are
most marvelous.
It is alleged that this plan "would cost
$200,000 in postage alone.'' In how long a
time is not stated, but a year is probably in-
tended. The lists of pensioners and the checks
would go in packages through the mails free,
and draw no money from the Treasury for post-
age. It will cost no more to transmit the lists
of pensioners to officers in each connty than to
the pension agents. The checks will be deliv-
ered without cost, delay, postage, or other ex-
pensesof correspondence, under my bill, while
under the bill of the committee postage and
correspondence are required. The present sys-
tem, and as it would be changed by the bill of
the committee, will require at least eight pack-
ages by mail to pay four payments each year to
two hundred and forty-three thousand pen-
sioners, costing for postage alone $58,320,
besides an equal sum for stationery and other
expenses.
It is said the number of clerks must be in-
creased in the Departments at Washington to
execute this system. It will require no more
clerks to settle pension vouchers returned from
every county than if returned from the pension
agents. The number can be reduced by adopt-
ing the checks returned as the basis of settle-
ment, as in cases of other claims on the Govern-
ment. It will require no more labor to draw the
checks at Washington to pay pensions than is
now required of pension agents to draw checks.
And as the labor is not increased the expenses
cannot be increased.
Finally, it is insisted that county officers
cannot perform the required services for the
compensation proposed. The bill in the form
in which I now submit it, as a substitute for
the bill of the committee, proposes to give the
officer in each county*a sum not exceeding
forty cents for preparing each voucher and for
all services. This is just the sum which the
bill of the committee leaves each pensioner
to pay out of his own pocket to local officers
for verifying vouchers, amounting annually to
$388,800. There are one thousand seven
hundred and twenty-eight counties in which
there are pensioners, having an average num-
ber of one hundred and forty pensioners in
each. This would make an average annual
compensation to each pay officer of $224, or
fifty-six dollars for each quarterly payment.
The service will not require four days to each
quarter, and the compensation will be ample.
It will dispense with the whole cost of $641,-
C00 of the pension agent system, and conse-
quently save that sum annually to the Govern-
ment, including the amount saved to pension-
ers. In other words, it will save to the Gov-
ernment annnally $152,800, and to the pen-
sioners $388,800. And I think the fees of
county pay agents might be reduced, and make
the saving to the Government still greater.
The people have a right to demand this measure
of ecouomy.
I do not urge this measure because of any
objection to the pension agents; I believe there
is no more deserving class of officers; but their
personal interests should yield to public neces-
sity and the interests of the pensioners.
Whatever may be the result of our action I
1 here, whether the bill reported from the Com-
mittee on Pensions or some one of the substi-
tutes offered for it shall be passed, our discus-
sions have been productive of some good.
On the 21st of December last the chairman ,
of the Pension Committee asked the unani-
mous consent of the House to have the bill of
the committee taken up, considered, and put
on its passage. I deemed it my duty to object,
and thereby secured time for examination. On
the next day I stated some of the objections to
the bill, and among them especially two: first,
that its section four required every pensioner
! to pay a fee of forty cents to the pension
agent at each semi-annual pension payment;
and second, that it left the existing law pro-
viding only for semi-annual payments of pen-
sions, when, as I insisted, tney ought to be
bimonthly, or quarterly, at least.
The Pension Committee have been driven
from their original purpose, and on the 2oth
February reported their bill back with an
amendment striking out section four and in-
serting a provision cutting off all fees from pen-
; sioners to pension agents, but providing for
, the payment by the Government of a fee of
thirty cents to the pension agents for each pen-
i sion payment, in addition to salary and com-
missions, and now the committee propose fur-
ther to amend their bill by providing quarterly
payments.
But for the opposition made to the original
bill of the committee these two reforms would
not have been proposed, and the pensioners of
the country have some occasion to be thankful
for the reforms suggested and in a fair way to
be inaugurated. 1 have now performed my
duty. It rests with the House to pronounce a
decision. I plead the cause of the pensioners,
of widows, orphans, maimed and wounded
soldiers, of dependent relatives of dead heroes
and patriots. I plead the cause of an over-
taxed people, and demand a reduction in ex-
penditures unnecessarily increased by the bill
of the committee.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I now yield to the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Crebs] for ten
minutes.
Mr. CREBS addressed the House in remarks
which will appear in the Appendix.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I now yield ton minutes
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Randall.]
Mr. RANDALL. Before proceeding with
my remarks I ask that the Clerk read the sub-
stitute I propose for the bill of the committee.
The Clerk read as follows:
That from and after the 1st day of October, 1870.
all pensions shall be paid semi-annually, by chcck
on the United States Treasurer, one of the Assistant
Treasurers, or one of the Government depositaries
for public moneys. ,
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That an office is
hereby created, to be undor the control and direc-
tion of the Commissioner of Pensions, and to be
known as the disbursing office for pensions. The dis-
bursing officer shall be appointed by the Secretary of
the Interior, on the recommendation of th3Commis-
sioner of Pensions, and shall receivo a salary of 
dollars per annum. He shall give bonds in amount
required by the Secretary of tho Interior for the safe-
keeping and disbursement of all public moneys
placed in his hands or under his control. It shall be
his duty to make all requisitions on the Secretary of
the Treasury for moneys with which to pay all pen-
sioners ; said requisitions to be approved by the Com-
missioner of Pensions. He shall then deposit the
money in some ono of the Government depositories
most convenient for tho location in which it is to be
used, and which money shall be drawn by his cheok,
payable to the order of the person to whom it is due,
or to their administrator or heirs, in case of death of
tbe pensioner. It shall also be his duty to render a
striotacoountofall moneys disbursed by him, as often
as onoe in six months, (or oftener if required,) to the
Commissioner of Pensions. Ho sliall also porfurui
such other duties us shall be required by tlic Com-
missioner.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That tho Commis-
sioner shall divide tho United Status into lour pen-
sion districts as nearly equal as practicable, wliiuh
districts shall bo numbered from ono to four inclus-
ive, and checks shall bo mailed to the pensioners liv-
ing in said districts as follows, namely: No. 1, on the
1st of January and July; No. U, on tiie 15tli of Feb-
ruary nnd August; No. 3, on the 1st of April nnd Octo-
ber; No. 4, on tho loth days of May and November.
Sue. 4. And be it further enacted. That a list of pen-
sioners and all necessary vouchors upon which pen-
sions shall be paid shall be prepared at tho office of
the Commissioner of Pensions, and under his aus-
pices, ono month beforo tho date when the pensions
are duo and payable by tho provisions of this act,
and suoh vouchers and list so prepared, showing u
complctolist of all tho pensioners in his district siiall
bo transmitted by mail to tho assessor of internal
rovenue.
Skc. 5. Andbe it further enacted. That immediately
on recoipt of such vouchers and list, as provided insec-
tionfourof this act, it shall be the duty of theassessor
to distribute them to his assistants most convenient
to the residence of the pensioner, and togethor with
his assistants ho shall make immediate inquiry and
examination as to tho correctness of the list fur-
nished him, and to this end each pensioner shall ex-
hibit to him their pension cortiticates either by them-
selves or by some l'riend who will swear before such
assessor or assistant assessor that ho received it from
suoh pensioner; that he is personally acquainted
with him, or her, and that such pensioner on theday
of presentation of such pension certificate is a resi-
dent of such county, and statins also how long such
residence has continued, and also state what county
and State he was las t a resident of, in case of removal,
and said assessors and assistant assessors are hereby
further authorized to examine any pensionoror other
witness under oath to fully satisfy himself of their
identity and claim to pension, and after thus fully
examining the list of pensioners furnished him and
making such corrections, if any ho may find to be
proper, carefully notingdaaths, removals, and in such
oase to town, county, and State, if known to which
they have removed, and any other information he
may consider of interest or which may from time to
time bo required by the Commissioner of Pensions,
he shall, at least ten days before tho day of paying
pensions as provided by this act, return said list of
pensioners corrected by him as aforesaid by mail to
the Commissioner of Pensions; and all assessors or
assistant assessors are hereby authorized to admin-
ister any oaths that may be necessary under the pro-
visions of this act.
Skc. 6. And be it further enacted, Thatany pensioner,
witness, or other person who shall swear falsely or
-who shall make a false affirmation to any voucher or
any other oath made necessary by the provisions of
this act shall bedeemed guilty of perjury, and on con-
viction thereof shall be imprisoned not less than two
nor more than five years, at the discretion of tho
court or jury trying the same.
Skc. 7. And be it further enacted, That on the re-
ceipt of the pension list, as aforesaid, by the Com-
missioner of Pensions, after being carefully exam-
ined, the exact amount due each pensioner shall be
reported to tho disbursing agent, who shall then pro-
ceed to make a check payable to the order of each
pensioner, and also fill out a blank receipt for his
signature, which check and receipt shall be placed
in an envelope sealed and addressed to the pensioner,
and when all tbe checks and receipts for the entire
district of the assessor are complete they shall be put
into a package and addressed and forwarded by mail
to the assessor of the district, on the receipt of which
he will distribute them to his assistants, who, in turn,
will deliver them to the person to whom they are
; addressed, who will sign tho receipt inclosed and
deliver it to the assistant, by him to be returned to
i the assessor, who will send it by mail to the Commis-
sioner of Pensions, which receipt shall b e the voucher
of the disbursing agent in settlement of his account
with the Third Auditor.
Skc. 8. And be it further enacted, That pensions pay-
able to persons in foreign countries may be made
according to the provisions of the present laws.
Ssc. 9. And be it further enacted. That for the ser-
vice performed by the assessors and assistant assess-,
ors of internal rovenue they shall be paid the sum
of twenty-five cents for each payment, to be paid by
the Commissioner of Pensions.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted. That the office
of pension agent, and everything connected there-
with as now provided by law, from and after the
date when this law shall go into effect, be, and the
same are hereby, abolished. The Secretary of the
Interior is hereby authorized to employ clerks suffi-
cient .to carry this act into effect not exceeding ■
in number.
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Speaker, my substi-
tute having been read in the hearing of the
House, it is not necessary that I should make
any extended explanation of its features. There
are, however, several propositions upon which
I think we can all agree. In the first place,
the present system of paying pensions ought
to. be radically changed. The expense and
hardship now attending the payment of our
two hundred and forty thousand pensioners
should be at once obviated. My plan contera-
