226
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
believe, of two hundred and nineteen members.
I suppose, then, even if those persons were dis-
qualified, although a committee reported that
they were not disqualified and the Legislature
decided that they were not disqualified, if you
could go behind their decision nobody would be
willing to overturn the government of Georgia
because out of the two hundred and nineteen
members of the Legislature four or five persons
disqualified under this amendment of the Con-
stitution had held seats in that body.
But then it is said that the negro members
were expelled from that body. First, what is
the fact about that ? The leading Republican
of Georgia, the leading spirit in supporting
the reconstruction acts, as every body knows,
was Governor Brown. He was the first man,
1 believe, of any eminence in the State who took
ground in favor of the reconstruction acts. He
spoke, I believe, all over that State in their
favor; and when the constitution was formed
he addressed the people at various times and in
various places in support of that constitution.
Everywhere that he spoke, as I am assured—
and certainly once, for I have his speech in
my possession—everywhere, in order to recom-
mend that constitution to the people of Geor-
gia, he told them—he, one of the most eminent
lawyers of that State—he, a man who had been
the Governor of that State—he, the leader in
the reconstruction movement in that State—
everywhere he told the people of that State
that if that constitution were adopted negroes
would be entitled to vote, but would not be
entitled to hold office.
The right to vote does not necessarily give
the right to hold office. We all know that fall
well. It was never better expressed than by
Mr. Justice Swayne, in the decision lie deliv-
ered at Louisville, in which he sustained the
fourteenth amendment, when he said that the
political right to vote was one thing, the polit-
ical right to hold office was another thing. Wo
have known of States where every man could
vote but where a man could not be a member
of the Legislature without having a certain
qualification. I think in New York under the
old constitution a man could not be a member
of the senate without a freehold of a certain
prescribed value. It is so in Delaware now.
The right to hold office, therefore, is one
thing, the right to vote is another thing; and
this eminent lawyer, this head and front of
the Republican party in Georgia, this chief
advocate of the reconstruction measures, told
the people of Georgia everywhere, with the
weight of his name, that if they adopted
that constitution it would not confer upon the
negro anything but the right to vote ; it would
not confer upon him the power to hold office.
Well, sir, the people did adopt the constitu-
tion ; the Legislature assembled, and as if they
had determined to submit to the will of the
dominant party in this country as far as pos-
sible, as if they had been determined to remove
all doubt about their good faith, they ratified
the fourteenth amendment before the colored
members were expelled and they elected their
Senators before the colored members were
expelled. Both these things were done. Then,
youcannotcomplain. The Senator from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Morton,] when he was asked by the
Senator from Connecticut [Sir. Ferry] why
he insisted on their _ ratifying the fourteenth
amendment again, said that that was an unlaw-
ful Legislature. Unlawful why? Unlawful
because it had expelled the negroes ? No such
thing, sir. Every negro had his seat there
when the fourteenth amendment was ratified ;
not one of them had been expelled. Unlaw-
ful because there were three or four men there
disqualified to be there, as it is said but not
proved? There is no proof before the Senate
this day, and I defy a Senator to point me to
a scintilla of legal proof that any member of
that Legislature was disqualified under the
fourteenth amendment. We have Governor
Bullock's opinion, and that is all; we have
Governor Bullock's surmise, and that not
under oath, in the evidence which was taken
before the House Reconstruction Committee ;
not a sworn statement, but his mere surmise,
his mere belief, his mere suspicion that three
or four or five of those members were disqual-
ified under the fourteenth amendment.
Such was the state of the case. That Legis-
lature met obedient to your will, even to ser-
vility. It adopted your fourteenth amendment,
it elected its Senators, and after that and upon
the maturest consideration of this legal, this
constitutional question, it decided that under
the State constitution of Georgia colored men
were not eligible to hold office ; and that is its
great sin. And now if you turn her out you
turn her out not because she ha3 disobeyed
any reconstruction act of Congress, notbecause
she has disregarded any act of Congress, not
because in anything she has done she has
set the power of the General Government at
defiance, not because she has in any respect
infringed the Constitution of the United States,
not for any one of these reasons ; but because
her Legislature, in the exercise of an indubit-
able power, have made an error in the inter-
pretation of her own State constitution. Hide
it if you will, conceal it if you will, the pretext
for turning her out is nothing more than this,
nothing less than this, that her Legislature have
misinterpreted her own State constitution ;
that they have followed the guidance and legal
advice of the head and front of the Radical
party in Georgia ; that they have followed that
legal opinion, which was promulgated from one
end of Georgia to the other before the consti-
tution was adopted, that under that constitu-
tion colored men would not be entitled to hold
office.
Why, sir, if you can now go into that State
and turn outthe present members of the Legis-
lature and reinstate those negroes, I say you
can do the same thing with regard to any
State in this Union if you think its General
Assembly misinterprets its own State consti-
tution. It is only two years ago that we had
a case in Ohio. A. member was elected to the
senate of that State, received a certificate of
election as a member of that senate, and his
election was contested on the ground that
colored persons voted for him and gave him
his majority. Upon the hearing of the con-
test the whole case turned upon this, whether
a person having more white than black blood
in his veins was an elector in the State of
Ohio under the constitution of that State.
The supreme court of the State had decided
that he was, and if that decision was to be
followed by the senate of Ohio it was con-
clusive in favor of the sitting member; butthe
senate of Ohio, precisely as both Houses of
Congress have again and again decided, held
that in regard to the qualifications and eligi-
bility of its own members it was the sole
judge ; it was not bound by any decision of the
supreme court. The decision of the supreme
court was entitled to respect,but the decision
of no tribunal is authority over any other tri-
bunal unless it can reverse the decision of that
other tribunal. It is nothing but a precedent;
it is only authority when the tribunal that
pronounces the decision has power to reverse
the decision of the inferior tribunal. The
senate of Ohio therefore held that it was the
judge of what was the constitution of Ohio,
and judging for itself, it decided that mulattoes
were not entitled to vote in the State of Ohio,
although they had more white blood than
black blood in their veins, and ousted the sit-
ting member and put in the contestant.
Now, sir, you might with just as much rea-
son interpose and by the armed force of this
Government turn out that member who was
seated by the senate of Ohio and put back the
man who was ousted by the vote of that body.
Mr. DRAKE. Will the honorable Senator
from Ohio allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. THURMAN. With great pleasure.
Mr. DRAKE. I should like to know of the
Senator from Ohio whether the State he repre-
sents on the floor of this Senate ever attempted
to secede from the Union or levy war against
the United States; and if it did not I would
like to inquire whether the Senator recognizes
no difference at all between Ohio, loyal to the
Union all the time, and one of the States in the
South that attempted to secede and waged war
against the Union ?
Mr. THURMAN. Oh, Mr. President, that
may answer very well for my friend from Mis-
souri to say to his people out there on the banks
of that muddy stream, but it will not do here
in the Senate of the United States. He may
go up one of the branches of the Missouri and
say that, and, I have no doubt, affect his au.-
dience sensibly, but it will not do here. I have
heard this doctrine of State suicide ; I do not
believe in it; and that shall be a brief answer
to the Senator.
I have already pointed out that upon your
reconstruction laws Georgia was a State in the
Union. I do not give any additional force to
her claim because she complied with your re-
construction laws. I do not believe she was
ever out of the Union. I do not believe a word
of what the majority of the Senate believe, that
she had no legal civil government when the
war was at an end ; she had a complete State
government then, complete in all respects.
Why, sir, cannot a government exist without
offices ? Can there not be a constitution in force
though every officer were to die to-morrow?
Can there not be a State with a constitution
though all the members of her Legislature
should resign and all her public officers should
resign ?
If the officers in these States were rebels
there was a remedy for that, and that was to put
' in men who were not rebels. If they were
disqualified by treason there was a remedy for
that: to indict and punish them for treason
and fill their places with men who were com-
petent to hold the offices. If there were pro-
visions in their constitutions then that recog-
nized the confederate States of America they
were simply null and void, as the Supreme
Court of the United States decided in the case
of Texas vs. White at its last session. As that
court decided, the State of Texas was in the
Union from the time she was admitted, and
never was out of it for a single moment; and
if her government was for the time being
vacant of its offices because the officers had
fled all that was necessary to restore her to her
relations was to put loyal men in their places
and the work was accomplished. As the court
said, too, in that case, everything that they
might have interpolated i:oto their constitution
binding the officers to swear allegiance to the
confederate States was null and void; but I
will say by the way that they never did that.
There was not a southern constitution which
I admitted there was such a thing due as alle-
giance to the confederate States of America.
The only allegiance they admitted was State
allegiance ; the only oath they took was an oath
of allegiance to the State, with perhaps an oath
to support the constitution of the confederate
States, but not an oath of allegiance to it. All
these provisions in their constitutions the Su-
preme Court has held were absolutely null and
void. Strike them out of the State constitu-
tions of the confederate States as they stood at
i the end of the war, and under the Constitu-
| tion of the United States of America they are
| just as perfect State constitutions as they were
before the civil war began.
There never was a greater fiction in the
world than to say, as President Johnson said—
one of the things for which the Democratic
1 party of Ohio never ceased to condemn him—
; that there were no such things as valid State
! governments in those States. There was
| not one of them but had a valid State govern;
j ment, with all its departments, judicial, legis-
lative, executive. Every one of them had
it, and I repeat if there was anything in their
[ constitutions repugnant to the Constitution of
1 the United States that by the very terms of
