524
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 23,
Tax Bill—Mr. Bayard.
41st Coeg.,..2d Sess.
then, when you have answered that question,
ask, and let every American ask, with sorrow
and with shame, what cost to the people of this
country has attended the refusal to comply with
this tax law? Sir, there has been no more
fruitful source of demoralization to the people
of this country, nothing has so tended to de-
stroy all sense of truth and moral responsibil-
ity, as the pressure upon the consciences of
ihe people of the country to escape from the
very tax which it is now sought to perpetuate.
The picture drawn of this tax and of the
demoralization which it has produced was
stated here most, strongly by the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio in the phrase he employed, that
all men were rascals in the eyes of the tax col-
lectors. If so, it is a doctrine certainly new m
this country ; and I can assure my honorable
friend, ifthatbetrue, that his lavvhas done moro
to produce it than all others of which £ have
knowledge.
^ There was au argument of the honorable
Senator from Ohio to which he made reference
again just now, that we must continue this
income tax in order to reach at all the income
derived from interest, on the public debt; that
in order (to use his phrase) to reach the bond-
holder we must continue this tax so that he
might be caught in the same net with fishes of
smaller size, and his reason for supposing that
this was the only method by which we could
reach the bondholder and assess his proper
share ot contribution to the public burdens
was found in the declaration made by him, that
'•these bonds were exempt from all taxes
except, such income tax as may bo levied by
the people of the United States upon all other
incomes.'' This was his language, as I read
from the (llobti of to-day. Sir, the premises
of my honorable iiiend are erroneous, and his
conclusions 1 think must, share the fate of error.
I here is no such exemption for the bonds as he
claims for them, and if he can show me by any
act. (ft Congress where any such exemption as
he professes exists I shall be glad to sec it.
In 1802, by the act. of L'Vbvuary 25, an act
which authorized the issue of $500,000,000 of
six per cent, bonds; m tho aut ol' March
18Go, authorizing another loan of £>300,000,000
of bonds, and an additional one of $000,000,000
of bonds ; and in the act of "1804, authorizing
an additional loan of §200,000,000, the ex-
emption clause is the same; tho samo lan-
guage is used, and ] en 11 the attention of the
honorable Senator to it. The lifst, act pro-
vides that " all stocks and other securities of
the United State.) hold by individuals, cor-
porations. or associations, within tho United
States, shall be exempt lrom taxation by or
under Nate authority.'' hi the other laws the
excmplionclauseisiu these words: "and all I lie
bonds, Treasuiy notes, or United States notes
issued under the provisions of this act shall bo
exempt from taxation by or under State or
municipal authority."
Mr. S1U-. It MAN. The honorable Senator is
perfectly correct in supposing that Ihe exemp-
tion troin a discriminating income tax docs
not grow out of the old law ; it grows out of
the provision in tho Constitution of the Uni-
ted Stales by which ail taxes must be equal.
Mr. BAYAKl). X understand that practi-
cally there would seem to bo some difficulty in
devising a tax tor the occasion. I do not say
tnat an income tax on the bonds is the only
one that may he levied, because my ingenuity
lias never been racked to discover whether
there be other means of taxing them. You
.may call it an income tax, or what you will;
'but whet I m<-;: !i to say is that the language by
which til!:; exemption was given to the favored
holders of ttiese securities excludes, by its just
construction and interpretation, the fact that
the United States are not to tax them when
and how they see fit. It is an ordinary rule
of construction, never doubted or. departed
from, that the expression of one thing is the
exclusion of others ; and when in this act you
have expressed the fact that from two sources
of power, to wit, municipal power and State
power, these bonds shall be exempted, what
have you thereby signified? That they remain
subject to the taxing power which you have not
expressed ; exempted them from what power
is that? Under our Government but one;
the power of the United States to tax that
property in their just and proper discretion.
That remains undisputed; and that power I
propose to put in force.
The honorable Senator from Ohio said, and
he made this invitation to those of us who never
have believed that this vast accumulation of
property in this country should be exempted
from its fair share of the national burden:
"Now, sir, when here is a proporty that is exempt
lrom all other taxation, wilt you repeal this, the
only tax that rests outhis class of property, amount-
ing in this country now to $1,000,000,000? I ask
benators when wc have C9raplied with our stipula-
tions to tho bondholders in every particular, when
wohavotho conceded right to tax the incomo derived
lrom tho bonds, shall we now, in the face of tho pub-
lie eliuiior made in this country against this exemp-
tion, exempt them all from tho only tax that can be
constitutionally levied upon them? Ifso.youmust
expect to meet popular clamor, not theclamorman-
utaetured in tho daily newspapers whoso receipts are
large and productive, not the clamor that comes to
us from cities, or from tho Union League, composed
ot gontlouicii amonfc tho ablest and best 111 this coun-
try, whom I rospeot personally, but you will hear
clamor coining lrom the mass of the people, who will
eomplam of injustice and wrong, and their voice,
although not olten heard in tho w;iy of petitions,
when it coiucs to you is moro mighty than tho waves
i ol tho sea."
This was the language of the honorable Sen-
ator; and to his proposition that this vast
amount of property should not escape I most
heartily respond. At the proper time, and
alter the various amendments proposed by the
committee have been acted upon, and after,
as I trust, the three sections continuing this
incomo tax upon all persons and property and
upon all income of every nature and whence-
soever derived shall have been stricken out,
1 shallthen propose that this vast accumula-
tion ot wealth which is put beyond the reach
of all State or local taxation, shall be called
upon to pay its just aud fair proportion Of
those public expenses which are incurred for its
protection, and to the existence of which alone
it owes its lite. I shall propose, and I now
read for information, an amendment which at
tho proper time I will offer:
i That, hereafter thoro shall bo annually deducted
! fniu retained by tho Treasurer of tiie United States
live per cent, ol nil moneys pavablo as interestupon
I the public debt, of tho United Stal es, the samo being
! hereny imposed as a tax upon tho proporty reprc-
: seated by tho bonds licretoioro issuodundei'tholaws
I ot tho Umtod fetates.
j This proposition is in direct response to the
I offer of ihe chairman of the finance Committee.
' 1 consider that we are not called upon to throw
a drag-not around all kinds of property in our
[ country, which is subjected to its due and proper
share of local taxation elsewhere, and toits
] due and proper share of other taxes imposed
j by other laws of the United States and of the
; several States, i propose to take that portion
j ot the property whose escape from taxation is
so heartily deplored by the honorable Senator
from Ohio, and subject it to that due and proper
contribution which the income tax of all taxes
011 earth that ever was devised was intended to
embrace. It was a tax upon the accumulated
wealth of the country, and there that mass of
wealth stands represented by bonds for more
than $2,000,000,000, easily attainable, easily
measured, and collected without the cost of a
single additional officer in the Government
service. I_ trust that when this measure is pro-
posed, as it has been, in direct response to the
suggestions of the chairman of the Committee
on Finance, it may find favor in the minds of
those who desire to see collected a proper and
just public revenue, and yet not violate those
principles both of justice and of constitutional
law which have been so ably advocated by the
Senator from Pennsylvania who preceded me
in this debate.
This income tax which the country has been
laboring under for the past eight years was
levied, as the honorable Senator from Ohio
stated, in the interest of the bondholder. It
was, to use his own language in the debate of
yesterday, "a guarantee to the bondholders
that for that time at least they would have the
security of the income tax." This is the state-
ment of the chairman of the Committee on
Finance as to the reason why the tax was laid;
and he stated further, " That law, which did
pledge the faith of the Government in a cer-
tain measure, was to continue the tax -until
that time, and no longer."
Then we find two propositions: first, that
this tax was created in the interest of the bond-
holders and as a guarantee to them of then-
interest upon the public loans; and we also
find connected with that the proposition con-
fessedly that it was a temporary tax to term-
inate within a specified period. As the lion,
ovable Senator from Ohio stated most truly,
all the favor and all the good faith suggested
by the acts of Congress at the time of the cre-
ation of this debt have been most fully per-
formed by the Government of the United
States. Sir, the favor to this class of property-
holders lias been marked and great. The whole
operations of the Treasury of the United States
and tho conduct of the finances of this country
have been directed in the interest of that most
favored class of our people. The system
resorted to by the present Secretary of the
Treasury since the commencement of this
Administration lias been—what? It has been,
by buying up these securities at an enormous
premium, to advance their market price until—
what do we now find? The bonds that were
bought at forty to sixty per cent, of their pat-
value in gold are to-day worth more than their
par value in gold, or at least fully their par
value. I believe that to-day the market price
of the United States six per cent, bonds of 1881
is five or six per cent, beyond their par value
in gold.
So, sir, bonds which were bought by this
most favored class at a small sum have, thanks
first to the native wealth, power, and strength
of this nation, the fact of its capability to pay
all that it ever promised to pay, and super-
added to that the diligent caie of the financial
comptroller of this nation, have been forced up
to and beyond I heir par value in gold. Surely,
theri, there is nothing on their part to com-
plain ol. It a man paid forty, fifty, or sixty
dollars, and is able to tnrn that investment,
which has paid him some ten or twelve per
cent, per annum in gold all the time, now
again into gold at the rate of 112 or 113, surely
he has nothing to complain of; for not only
full faith, but a generosity exerted at the ex-
pense of the interests of the country, have been
exercised freely in his behalf.
The policy adopted by the Treasury officials
of the United States has forced these securi-
ties to something above their value in gold;
and yet the cry is that a guarantee, the advan-
tage of which they have fully enjoyed and more,
a guarantee that v, as upon its face temporary
only, shall now be continued in their behalf
forever. Sir, 1 think as there has been rfo lack
of favor to them, no short-handed allowance
of good laith toward them, they should be
satisfied now to take their rank with other
classes oi the citizens of the United States,
and to be dealt with according to the samo
measure of even-handed justice. I would deal
with tnem with perfect good faith $ but I would
not exempt them from paying their fair share
burdens, nor discriminate in
their lavor^ against other classes of my coun-
trymen, Then, sir, the object of this income
