1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2483
it. If this company have been in the posses-
sion of land for four years, or six years, as the
Senator from Michigan says, it cannot be taken
from them now by any actof' Congress, because
their rights have vested. If the company got
the lands absolutely on the condition of build-
ing the road, it is too late now to say that the
lands shall be disposed of, not as the company
shall determine, but at an arbitrary price fixed
by Congress. When that was not in the ori-
ginal act, it is too late to put it in now.
But. Mr. President, I want to say a word upon
ths question of granting lands to railroads, the
question of whether we shall, as the Senator
from Iowa says, shut down upon them now  
Mr. HOWELL. I trust the Senator from
Kansas does not misunderstand me. I did not
propose to shut down on it; I advocated it
very thoroughly.
Mr. POMEROY. I noted the language of
the Senator.
Mr. HOWELL. I say it will be shut down
upon thoroughly unless we modify it. I am in
favor of a modification in order to retain the
benefits of the policy without the injuries.
Mr. POMEROY. I will remind the Senator
from Iowa that he did not like to be interrupted
while speaking by the Senator from Nevada.
Mr. HOWELL. I did not expect to make
another speech, and I knew he was going to
make one.
Mr. POMERO Y. I trust I shall be allowed
to continue the remarks I arose to make. Now,
allow me to say that this granting of public
lands to aid in the construction of railroads is
nothing new. It should be departed from if it
is injurious; first, if it is injurious to the States
where these roads are built, and secondly,
if it is injurious to the settlement of the coun-
try. Upon these two propositions what are the
facts ? Does the State of Iowa complain that
liberal and very judicious grants have been
made to Iowa, and made under the legislation
of the senior Senator from Iowa, when they
were as carefully guarded, as securely made
as could be done in the law ? If any State in
this Union is indebted to any Senator in this
country for a system of granting lands that is
judicious and equitable, and under which the
country cannot be imposed upon, that debt is
due to the senior Senator from Iowa, [Mr.
Harlan.] who was chairman of the Committee
on Public Lands for many years, and was the
fatlier really of the system of granting lands in
their present form to aid in the construction
of railroads, and the Senate of the United
States have not yet departed from it. It was
inaugurated when that Senator was chairman
of the Committee on Public Lands, and I have
not seen any good reason, and no good reasons
have been made to prevail in this body yet,
whv we should abandon that system.
What is that system ? It is granting alternate
sections to aid in building a road, not to build
the road. No company could get an acre of
land if they could build the road without it.
It is in aid of an enterprise that is proposed to
be prosecuted in advance of settlements.^ Of
course in the old States, and in our newer States
when they become old, people can build rail-
roads without this stimulus ; but in a new
country it is not only impracticable, but it is
impossible. You cannot put your finger on a
railroad in the United States built in a new
State or in a new Territory that had no grants
of land or bonds from the Government. It is
a question either of having no roads at all or
of giving reasonable grants of public lands
to aid in their construction.
Now, I desire to call the^ attention of the
Senator from Iowa to a provision, which must
ccrtainly have escaped his attention, in the
largest land grant ever made by Congress, the
one that overrides all the rest, taking Uie length
of the road and its branches into consideration.
I mean the great Pacific road and its branches.
What were the conditions of that land grant?
The Senator says they make a monopoly which
they will hold from generation to generation.
I wish to read one of the provisions of that
law; and I will say here that this provision
was inserted by his colleague, and another Sen-
ator whom modesty forbids me to mention. I
read from the Pacific railroad law passed in
July, 1862:
"And all such lands so granted by this act which
shall not be sold or disposed of by said company
wi thin threo years after the entire road shall be com-
pleted shall be subject to settlement and preemption
like other lands, at a price not exceeding $1 25 per
acre."
Mr. HARLAN. Is that in the original act?
Mr. POMEROY. That is in the original
act, the great Pacific railroad act; the largest
grant ever made, and the one that has given
character to all the grants that have been made
in this country since.
Mr. HARLAN. Do I understand the Sen-
ator to say that that applies to this Northern
Pacific railroad ?
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir. I am speaking
now of the original act incorporating the Union
Pacific Railroad Company. It applies to the
Central Pacific railroad of California, and all
the branches of the Union Pacific railroad.
That road has now been completed two years;
and I call the attention of the Senator from
California to the fact, as he has alluded to this
subject several times, that every acre which
remains unsold three years after that road is
completed is subject to preemption and settle-
ment like other public lands, at a price not
exceeding $1 25 per acre, and the money paid
to the company. Where is the opportunity for
a company to grow up as a great land monopoly
under such a provision as this ?
Mr. HOWELL. Are there any other rail-
road grants containing that clause ?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir; and I will refer
to them.
Mr. HOWELL. Is it common in railroad
grants?
Mr. POMEROY. Not entirely.
Mr. HOWELL. I never saw it in any other.
Mr. POMEROY. Th<^ Senator doca not
doubt that it is here, I suppose.
Mr. HOWELL. No, sir ; I say I never saw
it in any other.
Mr. POMEROY. In the case of many roads
where the grant is small, where the settlers have
taken all the best lands, where in fact the com-
pany get not more than one acre in a hundred
granted, this provision has not been applied.
The first time it was applied was in this act in
1802. It has been applied several times since.
It was put into the Pacific railroad law because
that was the largest grant that had ever been
made, considering the length of the road and
the branches. 11 was a road across this conti-
nent, with four branches.
Mr. President, I come to the question whether
we should now depart from the practice that has
worked well up to this time, and put an arbitrary
price of $2 50 upon every acre granted. 1 will
show you how that will work injustice. There
are hardly any two sections of land alike. On
the line of every railroad there are the valleys
and the timber lands, which are valuable; and
then there are the bluffs and the high prairie
worth almost nothing. Now, suppose you put
an arbitrary price of $2 50 an acre on every sec-
tion, both the even and the odd sections—the
even sections held by the Government, and the
odd sections held by the railroad company—
and neither possibly can sell an acre short of
$2 50. What is the injustice of it? In the first
place, they are obliged to sell the bottom lands
and the timber lands at $2 50 an acre, and then
they are obliged to ask just as much for a tract
which is almost worthless. If two settlers go
into a new country together, as they do, one
of them will be fortunate enough to get a very
valuable tract, because neither the company
nor the Government under this provision can
regulate the price, and his neighbor is obliged
to take a section which is very much inferior,
which is not worth fifty cents an acre. He has
reason to complain forevermore that by the
legislation of this country an arbitrary price was
fixed upon the land by which the other man
got exceedingly valuable land at $2 50 an acre,
while ho was obliged to pay $2 50 for land which
if the company could have had any option about
would have been sold to him for fifty cents.
There is a standing offer now in this town made
by one of the Pacific railroads under this legis-
lation to sell ten thousand acres at fifty cents
an acre. The company would be glad to sell
it for that, and to sell it in a body; but by this
legislation, if it was applied to that company,
they would bo obliged to ask $2 50 an acre.
This legislation will prevent the sale of the
land, prevent settlement, and defeat the very
object which men have in view in fastening it
upon these railroad grants, and work injury to
the public in every way.
When we get out on the plains, on these
long, large grants, the companies would be
well satisfied if they could get an average of
$2 50 an acre, because when you come to
average a land grant the great proportion of
that land grant will not bring one dollar an
acre. If they could get $2 50 an acre on the
average, taking the whole grant through, it is
as much as any grant west of the Missouri
river ever can realize. They cannot make it
average that. Any of these companies to-day
will sell their lands, away from depots, away
from the valleys, and away from the timber, at
one dollar, and even at fifty cents an acre, and
they will do that after the road ia completed.
Thus it will be seen that if you put an arbitrary
price upon the land, obliging the company to
sell it at $2 50 an acre, you strike a blow at
the settlement of the country at once ; you do
not leave the company any option to make it
an inducement to the settler to go on the land
by giving it to him at one dollar an acre, as
these companies do now. A provision of this
kind will defeat settlement, and defeat the sale
of the land. In iny opinion, it is against the
public interest and public policy.
Now, Mr. President, let me say in conclu-
sion, for I do not want to argue this matter at
length, as I know the Senate wish to pass this
bill and to get rid of it, that if it was proposed
to attach this provision to laud grants in the
old settled States, in Iowa or in Illinois, in the
rich prairie States, where the lands would all
bring $2 50 an ^cre, it would not stop settle-
ment ; but to apply an arbitrary rule of $2 50
an acre to our plains, to those interminable
prairies that have not water or timber, is all
wrong. You cannot settle the country with
that arbitrary provision. The companies would
be glad to get one dollar an acre for much of this
land, and yet if you say they shall sellit to actual
settlers at $2 50, they have got no option. If
you wish to adopt any provision of this sort,
put in a provision that they shall not exceed
the average of 32 50 an acre.
Mr. HARLAN. That is the provision of
this amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. That is not precisely this
amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. It says, "not exceeding
$2 50 an acre."
Mr. POMEROY. But it does not say " not
to exceed the average." This amendment
says, in no case shall it exceed $2 50 an acre.
There is where the difficulty of the amendment
comes in.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understood that the
amendment which I renewed obviated that
objection. If I have renewed the wrong
amendment that was my mistake.
Mr. POMEROY. The amendment which
the Senator renewed applied the provisions of
the amendment of the Senator from Massachu-
setts to the old grant. .
Mr. CASSERLY. That was not my wten-
tl0Mr. POMEROY. Then the Senator did not
renew the amendment oi the Senator from
Iowa. , . ,
Mr. CASSERLY. My intention was to apply
the original amendment to the new grant.
Mr. POMEROY. In conclusion allow me
