1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4371
I submit as a portion of my remarks tlie
report upon this subject which I prepared and
submitted to the Committee on Appropriations.
The report is as follows:
Louisville and Portland canal—Report of the sub-
committee of the Appropriation Committee, House of
Representatives, made under special direction of the
committee on the — day of ,1870.
Washington City, April 1Z, 1870.
To the Appropriation Committee
of the House of Ilepresentutives:
In obedicnee to the direction of the committee I
have made as thorough an examination into the pro-
priety of making the appropriation of $450,000 asked
lor the enlargement of the ship-canal at the falls of
the Ohio at Louisville, Kentucky, as my time would
permit, and beg1 leave to say that—
It is evidently a work ot" very great importance
to all the States in the valley of the Mississippi.
Indeed, General Humphreys, chief of engineers in
his letter to the Secretary of War of April 15,1869,
(see Ex. Doc. No. 1, part 2, second session Forty-First
Congress, page 278,) indicating how the §2,000,000
appropriated by the act of July 25, 1S68, for the
repair, preservation, extension, and completion of
certain public woiks on rivers and haibors, -to be
expended under the direction of the Secretary of
War, should be applied, says:
The improvement of the navigation at the falls of
the Ohio is perhaps of greater importance than any
other western river improvement. The United States
are virtually the owners of the canal, owning ninety-
nine hundred and ninety-five shares out of ten thou-
sand shares of the capital stock of the canal com-
pany, only five shares, of $100 each, being held by
five individuals in Kentucky, in order to prevent a
forfeiture of the originalchartcr for the Louisville and
Portland Canal Company, which had been granted
by the State of Kentucky.
General Humphreys closes his communication
above referred to thus:
While this anomalous condition of things con-
tinues, (these five individuals holding United States
property in trust by authority of the Legislature of
a State, and controlling public property which has
cost millions, and still unable to complete tho canal
improvement without increasing its debt,) the heavy
tax upon the commcrce of our most important rivers
is continual and the navigation of the Ohio is most
seriously obstructed.
The wants of this commerce imperatively demand
the completion of this enlargement, to do which tho
only practicable mode appears to be annual appro-
priations from Congress until the work is finished,
the tolls of the canal being used for the payment of
working expenses and the absorption of its debt,
which they are adequate to.
After a careful examination and consideration of
the whole subject, I am decidedly of opinion that an
allotment of some portion of the recent appropria-
tion for rivers and harbors to tho enlargement ot the
canal may properly bo made, and I therefore recom-
mend it.
If this recommendation be approved, a specific sum
will be named for this work in a report recommend-
ing to your consideration a plan of distribution of
the rccent appropriation, which wilJ be presented as
soon as all the information called for from the ofti-
cers in charge of river and harbor improvements is
received.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant.
A. A. HUMPHREYS,
Brigadier General and Chief of Engineers.
Hon. John A. Rawlins, Secretary of War.
This recommendation was approved by the Secre-
tary of War, and $180,000 of the $2,000,000 was appor-
tioned for the work of enlargiug the canal. #85,000
having been apportioned the year before.
General Humphreys, in his report of October 2o,
1869, page 49, thus sums up the expenditures on and
requirements of this work:
Amount expended during the fiscal year for the dam
at the talis   ^b,0oi 47
Balance on hand and in treasury, July ^
1,1869  oS
Estimated cost of Louisville and Port-
land canal extension   y&s,oJJ "U
For two dams and one lock across the
falls of the river at Louisville....  .>10,000 00
1,2-13,500 00
Allotted from appropriations of 1SC8 and
1869   • 2&3.000 00
Total required    $978,500 00
Required for the fiscal year ending June 30, IS'1, and
which can be profitably expended  ^-joO.UUU
There has been about the sum of forty-five hun-
drcd thousand dollars collected in tolls on this canal
since it was first opened, and the injury done to ves-
sels passing through the old canal, by its imperfect
condition and in attempting to P&ss over the tails,
has heen about sixteen hundred thousand dollars,
making $6,000,000 direct tax on commerce by those
obstacles in tho navigation of the Ohio river at that
point alone. , , „
General Weitzel, vrho is now in charge of the
ivork, in a communication to General Humphreys,
dated April 5,1870, says in reference to this subject:
It is a small estimate to say that tiie loss thus
occasioned, with the tolls paid, would amount to
$6 000,000; add to this now, for tho extra expense
where boats could neither pass the falls nor through
the canal, in transhipment of freight from Portland
to Louisville, and vice versa, (and which reliable men
iniorrn me amounted in the ca^e of Government
freights during the war to a sum sufficient to have
built an entirely new canal,) and it will be safe
to say that the commercial interests of this coun-
try have been damaged to the amount of at least
$15,000,000 by the failure of the Government to con-
struct a suitable canal at this place; and the atten-
tion of the Government has been called to it almost
annually, I understand, during tho last twenty-five
years, and certainly twice by Government engineers
of acknowledged ability and great experience and
reputation.
To make tho matter worse, a bridge is building,
under a charter granted by Government, which, dur-
ing the short period where formerly there was a good
navigation on the falls, now interferes wiUi it in tho
case of large boats; because in tho very highest
stages of the river there are some boats so largo that
even by lowering their chnnncys they could not pass
under the bridge.
Now this railroad bridge is completed, and during
this winter I have repeatedly seen boats compelled
to load and unload at tho Portland wharf because
they wero too large to go through the canal and too
large to go up under the bridge. * *
1 should receive this $250,U00 as soon as possible,
because by a new regulation I am compelled to give
bidders one month's time to make their offers, and
if the matter is postponed too long, it might be so
late in the season that the excavation could not be
completed at tho samo time that the new locks are,
as I would wish. * 4 * * * *
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
G. WISITZEL,
Major Corps of Engineers and Brevet
Major General United Slates Army.
Brevet Major General A. A. Humphreys,
Brigadier General and Chief of Engineers,
Office of ike Chief of Engineers, Washington, /). Q.
In this connection it may bo well to set forth the
memorial of the Cincinnati Chamber of Commerce
to Congress on this subject, which is as follows:
CiXCIXNATr CffAXfBER OF COMMERCE,
March 8,1870.
At a regular session of tho Chamber of Commerce
held this day, the following memorial to Congress
was unanimously adopted:
The fact that tho evils resulting to the commcrce
of the country, depending on the navigation of tho
Ohio river, from the im.ufiiciency of tho canal around
the falls of the Ohio, have not heretofore been so
oppressive as they now are, makes u necessary thai
tho Cincinnati Chamber of Commerce should again
renew its oft-repeated memorial to tho Congress of
the United States, to mako the appropriations re-
quired for tho early completion of the enlargement
of the canal.
In making this new appeal the Chamber of Com-
merce would represent—
First. That tho supply of tonnage needed for tho
accommodation of tho commerce of the Ohio does
not keep paco with its growth, merely bccausc the
building of boats has been dolaycd to await the com-
pletion of the enlargement of the canal.
Second. That a largo capital seeking investment
in steamboat building is withheld from that very
important industry bceauso of tho uneertaintj7 of tho
time of completing tho canal.
Third. That the Government is suffering loss from
this condition of things, us well u<5 losing to the coun-
try the benefit of the huge sums already expended
on tho work.
fourth. That there will be economy in continuing
the work vigorously and without delay.
Fifth. That the erection of abridge acrosstheriver
at tho head of the falls has made tho passage ot boats
in the river channel at high water extra hazardous,
and renders the canal an absolute necessity.
Sixth, That excessive freight rates are levied,
because of the declining competition of tonnage.
Seventh. That tho present management of the canal
makes unjust discrimination against all freighting
between the upper and lower rivers.
In conclusion, your honorable bodies are respect-
fully, but earnestly,petitioned to prompilymakethe
needed appropriation, as called for by General Wcit-
zcl, the engineer in charge of tho work, that tho evils
herein enumerated may bo remedied, and tho benefits
to inure from the completion of the work be realized
at the cailicst practicable period.
JOHN" A. GANO, President.
J. M. W. NlllFF, Secretary.
The importanceof an immediate appropriation for
this work may be briefly stated thus: tho old canal
has become long since not only wholly inadequate
to accommodate the growing commcrce of the Ohio
river, but during the few day? in the year when the
steamboats could pass over the falls by reason of
sufficient water, which rarely cxceeds sixty ot the
throe hundied and sixty-five days of the year, the
navigation of tho river ha« been greatly obstructed,
indeed almost completely barred by the erection of
the now railroad bridge over tho tails, /rheetfect
of that bridge on the navigation of the river, it will
be observed, is referred to in the extract from General
Weitzel's reportgiven above. Tho los^ sustained by
tho wrecking of and dpmage to steamboats, barges,
fiat-boats, and rafts at the bridge since December 1,
1869, has not been less than $50,000, arid in the opinion
of experienced rivermcn with whomlhave conversed
would greatly exceed that amount, exclusive of tho
value of the cargoes lost.
The minimum rate for hauling freight from the
Portland wharf to theLouisvillewharf, and yiee versa,
is one dollar per ton. The rate per ton, custom~houso
measurement, for passing boats by the Louisville and
Portland canal, is fifty cents, whether loaded or light.
I he supposed rate for passing boats by tho canal
alter its completion and free use.^except a& to the
collections of tolls enough to operate it and keep it
m good repair, is ten cents pcrr ton. It may be well
to say here that tho rate of freight in the past has
frequently been as low as two dollars per ton, and
would average not to exceed five dollars per ton
iV01? .kmcmn^'110 New Orleans: which would show
that the canal-rates for toll made a very heavy per-
centage of the cost of freighting. The special report
ot lion. \\ .p. Gallagher made in reforeace to this
subject, under date ot 30th December, 1867, to the
becretary ot the Treasury, says, concerning the ton-
nage passing through:
"Tho average per year of tho measured tonnage
5$!0?J>.assed l-,bS E.a?al three yews- namely, 1864,
looo, lot)o, wait 240,4o2 tons. Seventy-five per cent
increase on thb gives an average of 420,791* atoll of
ten cents per ton upon which produces $42,079 per
year.
"Tho average of tho measured tonnage for the three
highest years, namely, 1S51, 1853, 1855, was 385,939
tons. Seventy-five per cent, increase on this gives
an average of 675,892 tons; a toll of ten cents per ton
upon which pro'duces $67,539 per year.
"Tho mean of these two averages is 548,091 tons; a
toll of ten conts a ton upon which would produce
§<31,809 per year. This, perhaps, is tho 'just me-
dium,' and its product would doubtless be amplefor
operating the canal and keeping it in the best con-
dition at all times. And just in proportion as tho
annual measured tonnage increases, exceeding 548,-
091 tons, and also to the extcntof the toils levied and
collcctod upon crafts other than those of measured
tonnage, can the toll of ten cents per tori be lessened
from year to year."
It is a fact worthy of consideration that the only
boats that can pass through the canal are less than
fifty feet by one h undred and eighty feet, these being
the dimensions of the old locks. Tho new locks are
eighty by three hundred and thirty-five feet, and
boats of corresponding dimensions would at onee be
built if positivo assurance was given by a liberal
appropriation for the prompt completion of the en-
larged canal. Tho old boats are fast wearing out,
and river-men are afraid to build new ones of any
size until this question is settled. The vast com-
merce of that immense region is suffering by delay
and uncertainty. Of course tho greater the capacity
of the boat tho choapcrthe freight; the same ma-
chinery, hands, &c., re required for each, and when
twenty-live hundred tons of freight can be carried at
a load, it can be transported much cheaper than
when fiftoon hundred tons is tho limit of capacity.
Justice to these great interests would seoin to de-
mand imperatively that we should act without delay
and enable ship-owners at Cincinnati, Pittsburg,
and elsewhere to commence at once to have boats
constructed for the fall trade. The prcsont decline
in tonnage has as a matter of course caused an ex-
travagant increase in rates of freight, their a.vcrage
now being fully one hundred per cent, above the cus
tomary rates when the tonnage was adequate to tho
trade of the river. Two hundred and fifty thousand
dollars of the $450,000 asked for should be appropri-
ated at once, making the advance as we did in tluk
case of tho Dos Moines rapids, which, though an im-
portant work, does not compare in importance wit h
this canal. By doing so General Weiuel assures ui
that he can have it in a condition for largo boats to
pass through by tho 1st November, 1870. Tho Gov-
ernment has nothing to gain by delay; the property
belongs to it; it is worth $4,000,000, and oannot and
ought not to be abandoned. Every consideration of
interest, just ice, and enlightened statesmanship urges
a prompt completion of tho work. Compaied in im-
portance with this, the appropriation of $3,000,000.
perhaps $i,000,000, for a court-house in New York,
and sums approaching these figures tor similar build-
ings at Boston and elsewhere, which we are compelled
to make, sink into insignificance, and if we hesitate
here would j ustly seem to men of the West like waste-
ful and useless extravagance.
My former colleague, Hon. A. P. Grover, in the
Fortieth Congress said:
" Let it be remembered that the Ohio river and its
tributaries drain tho whole or parts often States of
tho Union, the groat granary of the country, tho
Egypt of tho nation, and is one of the most import-
ant m a system giving eighteen thousand miles of
navigable water.
"The following statement, derived from sources
believed to bo entirely authentic, and mainly from
the census of 1800, presents in a condensed form tho
extent of navigable waters, number of population,
andamount of transportation of the fourteen States
lying on the banks of the Ohio and Mississippi rivers :
"The States lying on the banks of tho Ohio and
Mississippi rivers, fourteen in number, had, by the
census of 18G*), a population of 16,909,494, ormorothan
half tho whole population of the United States; and
those two rivers have a coast line of 36,098 inites,
while the coast of the Atlantic is 2,163 miles, and tho
Gulf of Mexico 1,764 miles, and of the Pacific 4,348
miles, on a line of 21,354 miles, including bays aod
indentations. _
"These rivers drain an area of1,785,267square miles,
more than half of the whole 3,001,002 square miles ni
the United States, and these fourteen States, in low;
contained94,402,869of the 163.110,7.20improved acres,
and 126,703.393 of the 244,101,818 unimproved acres of
the whole United States; and the raluafaoa of prop-
erty in these fourteen States shows i8,«7,5U,2i4 of
the whole valuation of the United folates vlb,0<7,-
358,715; showing very conclusively that these four-
teen States pay more than half the taxes, work more
than half of the improved land, have the majority ot
