526
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 9,
Ho. of Reps.
Finance—Mr. Zngersoll.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
ries had there been no diminution of the coin
circulation.
So far, Mr. Speaker, we have examined the
conditions of Europe under a constantly con-
tracting currency ; now let us for a few min-
utes examine the effect in Europe of a con-
stantly expanding currency. The discovery of
America furnished a new source of supply of
the precious metals to Europe; it was the
"fountain of youth" to which old, wrinkled,
and decrepit Europe came for rejuvenation.
Two streams, one of gold and one of silver,
began to flowin upon Europe from Mexico and
Peru. The effect of this was like magic; it
vivified and electrified the whole of Europe-
Civilization again commenced a forward move-
ment ; trade and commerce were again revived ;
agriculture received a new impetus ; the pro-
ducts of labor advanced in price; labor was
again in demand and began to be remunera-
tive. The effect of' this mighty agency did not
alone affect the physical condition, but the
mental as well responded to this most potent
power, this universal tonic. Learning was
revived ; men of learning wore again patron-
ized ; the arts were encouraged, and the voice
of science wns heard over the ruin and chaos
of the past- There was more liberty and less
persecution ; there was less ignorance and less
superstition; less tyranny, and generally less
suffering among the people. The future was
brightening.
Humboldt informs us that the mines of Mex-
ico, from the year 1700 to 1809, produced of
gold and silver the enormous amount of
£304,000,000 sterling; while during the same
period the mines of South America produced
no less than ■CMll,000,000 sterling. To this
must be added the gold and silver products of
Europe ami Africa, which will swell the grand
total to overX'750,000,000 sterling. Allot'this
prodigious quantity was not coined into money.
Much of it. went to Asia and India, and much
of it was consumed in the arts; but so much
of it. was coined and went into circulation that
it is safe to say that, by the year 1810 there was
more than $1,700,000,000 of gold coin in cir-
culation in Europe. At the present time it is
safe to say that the gold and silver coin in cir-
culation in the civilized world is more than
$3,000,000,000. Since 1818 the gold and sil-
ver mines of our country have produced about
$1,500,000,000, and of tins enormous sum not
more than S2iKU>00,000 or $>:!oo,000,000 re-
mains in the United Stales; so that not less
than $1 ,lioO,000,000 have been sent to Europe ;
but. it. has not, slopped there, or at most, but a
small poition ol il ; it has found its way to
Asia, from whence it returns no more.
Asia may he called thogreat buiial place for
coin. Hitherto wo have been unable to pre-
vent tli<  escape of our coin to foreign coun-
tries. Coin gravitates to countries where labor
is cheapest., where human flesh is least valuable.
Hence we cannot rely upon coin for our circu-
lation. We can, however, rely on our legal
tender, for it has none of the bad habits of
coin.
No better illustration of the effect of con-
traction of the circulating medium can be
given than the condition of Europe from the
first to the fifteenth centuries, and no better
illustration can be presented of the effects of
an expanding currency than the condition of
Europe from the fifteenth century to the pres-
ent time.
Under the mighty stimulus of this vast in-
crease of circulation Spain in the sixteenth
'century became the first Power in Europe.
But her rulers did not possess that statesman-
ship which enabled her to retain this position.
She did not retain her coin, consequently she
lost her trade, her commerce, and her power,
and became what, you to-day behold lier. I
do not pretend to say that no other causes
aided in the downfall of Spain; but I need not
re&r to them here.
All the States of Europe were indued with new
life and energy, but more especially Holland,
France, and England. The foundation of the
greatness of the French and English empires
may be said to have been laid in the eighteenth
century, during the period of this coin expan-
sion. Money is power, and nobody under-
stands this better than the English and the
French. France, with a territory not equal
to that of the State of Texas, and a popula-
tion of forty millions, has to-day not less
than $700,000,000 of coin and not less than
$400,000,000 of paper circulation. Great
Britain, with a territory less than the States
of Illinois and Iowa, and a population of thirty
millions, has not less than $400,000,000 of
dn and not less than $200,000,000 of paper
in circulation. Again, Mr. Speaker, I repeat
it, money is power, whether it be coin or
paper. Money may be said to be the bone and
sinew of a nation. England understands this ;
hence she maintains an abundant supply, and
the interest rate at a low figure. England has
fostered and encouraged manufactures, trade,
and commerce. Her policy is to maintain an
abundance of currency, so that the rate of
interest shall be low, to the end that her peo-
ple can compete successfully in all the indus-
tries with the people of all countries.
The rate of money in England on long loans
is from three to five per cent., while in our
country, if il can be borrowed at all, it is at
least double if not treble these rates ; hence
the impossibility of our people competing suc-
cessfully with the English. My policy would
be to make money so plentiful in this country
that it would be seeking borrowers at from
three to five per cent, per annum. If such
was our condition now new enterprises would
be undertaken all over our land. Thousands
of people now idle would be profitably em-
ployed; new life would be infused into every
department of industry; and the whole country
would becomo prosperous.
\Ve have seen, Mr. Speaker, that the coin
of the world has been steadily increasing from
the fifteenth century to the present time, and,
I am happy to say, is still increasing ; 1 have
illustrated to some extent the evil results of
contraction and the good results of expan-
sion. Now, I make this assertion; I desire
every Iteprosentative upon this floor to hear it,
and I could wish that every person in the United
Slates might hear it, and I do hope that the
people whom I have the honor to represent will
hear it and remember it: there never was a
time in the history of any nation, while the
volume of its currency was increasing but there
was a corresponding increase in the prosperity
of its people; and there never was a time in
the history of any nation while the volume of
its currency was decreasing but that there was
a corresponding decline in the prosperity of its
people. Expansion is growth, while contrac-
tion is decay.
But I am asked, does there not come a crash
after an expansion? I answer, that it depends
upon the character of the expansion. No ex-
pansion of coin ever produced a financial panie
or a crash.. No expansion of paper, when
issued upon a sound basis and in a proper
manner and for a legitimate purpose, ever pro-
duced a panie or a crash, and never will.
1 will admit that an undue inflation of a cur-
rency under that system which was known to
our people previous to 1860, is liable to bring
about a crash at any time; but I most emphat-
ically deny that au increase of United States
notes—greenbacks—to an amount equal to the
legitimate demands and wants of our entire
people, could possibly bring about a " crash
but, on the contrary, such an issue of United
States notes would infuse new life and energy
into every department of industry; would at
least double our capacity for the production
of wealth; would give profitable employment
to everybody; would lighten the burdens of
taxation, and would enable us to pay off the
i nterest-bearing debt of the U nited States with-
in the next twenty years without any apparent
retardation of individual or national prosper-
ity. But I am compelled to assert that the
measures proposed for adoption by the Com-
mittee on Banking and Currency will not pro-
duce this desirable result.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gaufield]
asserted in his remarks of yesterday that there
exists a great contrariety of opinion on the
financial condition of the country and the rem-
edies to be applied. I admit that as regards
the remedies to be applied there is a great
variety of opinion, but I insist that the belief
is almost general that the amount of circulating
medium is far below the actual amount required
for the demands of the country; hence 1 hold
that it is our first duty to supply this demand.
Congress has the power to afford the required
relief, but I have not the fullest confidence that
Congress, as at present organized, will author-
ize any increase of the currency. The people,
however, will have an opportunity of instruct-
ing Congress at the next fall elections, and if
I mistake not they will make themselves heard
and felt. In the present Congress we have too
many whose interests are adverse to the people.
The people should see to it that they send men
to Congress who are in accord with them, and
whose interests are identical with theirs. Then
we would witness the enacting of laws whose
sole purpose would be to advance the general
interest of the whole country and the pros-
perity of the whole people. We would no longer
be pained to see the enacting of laws whose
sole object it is to foster and promote the inter-
ests ol' great monopolies and favored institu-
tions, and to aggrandize the wealth and power
of the favored few.
Mr. Speaker, if you should ask any laborer,
■mechanic, farmer, or merchant the question,
" When where the times the best that you ever
knew?" he would answer, '' In the years 1801,
18G5, andlSGO ;" and he would answer truly, for
in those years labor was in great demand and the
laborer received the highest wages. As it was
with the laborer so it was with the mechanic.
The products of the farm were then in active
demand and the farmer received the most re-
munerative prices for all he had to sell, and
the merchant sold the most goods and at fair
profits. Everybody was making money ; every-
body was prosperous, but such is not the case
to-day. It is quite .the reverse. There is no
great demand for labor, and the price is low.
The mechanics are idle or working at reduced
wages. 'The products of the farm are at ruin-
ously low prices, and trade is dull. Few are
prosperous and but few are making profits;
but bad as matters are they might be worse.
If tho policy of the "on-to-specie-payment"
party should be adopted the condition of things
in our country would soon be absolutely fright-
ful.
At the close of the war a gentle contraction
was generally thought to be advisable, and the
then Secretary of the Treasury commenced the
contraction of the currency at the rate of
$4,000,000 per month, and at a much more
rapid rate by the withdrawal and cancellation
of other forms of the United States indebted-
ness, such as the compound-interest notes and
the conversion of the seven-thirties into the
five-twenties. This contraction policy was pur-
sued but for a few months, but in that short time
it inflicted a withering blow to the prosperity
and industry of our country, from which we have
not yet recovered and, in my judgment, will
not recover until the circulating medium of the
country is largely increased.
Mr. Speaker, I had the honor in December,
1868, to introduce the first bill into Congress
which provided for putting an immediate stop
to the contraction of the currency, and within
a few days thereafter the country, as well as
myself, had the pleasure of seeing this bill
