228
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
tary" merely apprise the man who is to take
the oath of what he swears.
Mr. SAWYER. I hope those words will be
stricken out, for in my opinion they would ren-
der ineligible not merely ninety-nine hun-
dredths, but nine hundred and ninety-nine
thousandths of all the men of arms-bearing age
in the State of Georgia. I remember very dis-
tinctly the occasion when I was taken by a cor-
poral's guard from my usual avocation and
placed in what was known as the home guard,
having systematically disregarded every call,
every order issued by the military authorities
to report for duty. Only when force was used,
when resistance would have been useless, did
I yield to the pressure. There are hundreds,
not to say thousands of men in the State of
Georgia who were subjected to precisely that
pressure. I would add wherever a phrase of
this kind occurs the word "voluntary" or
'' voluntarilyand I had written and have on
my table four several amendments to this sec-
tion, one of which was precisely the one offered
by the Senatoj from California, arid which I
conceive is absolutely necessary to make this
section effective and have anybody in the State
of Georgia who was of the arms-bearing age
during the rebellion eligible for State offices
under this bill. The seventeenth, eighteenth,
nineteenth, andtwenty-firstlines of this section
all have the same feature. In the seventeenth
line, after the word "thereafter" I would
insert the word "voluntarily;" in the eight-
eenth line, after the word "gave" I would
insert the word "voluntary;" in the nineteenth
line I would strike out the two words indicated
by the Senator from California; and in the
twenty-first line, after the word "any" and
before the word "support" I would insert the
word "voluntary."
I agree entirely with the honorable Senator
from California that because there are men in
the State of Georgia who are expert in taking
oaths and who would say they were forced into
the rebellion, &c., that is no reason why the
Congress of the United States should say that
there are no honest men in Georgia who were
forced into the rebellion, and it is no reason
why we should exclude them from participation
in the government there. The men in Georgia
who under circumstances similar to those which
forced me into the rebellion took involuntary
part in that rebellion, the men who paid their
taxes on property which was visible and which
could not be concealed from taxation, however
unwillingly they may have paid them, however
often they may have prayed for the success of
the national cause, ought not to be excluded
from participation in this government by these
means. Indeed, sir, I see hardly anybody in
Georgia except those who have been fortunate
or unfortunate enough to move there since the
war closed, who could take part in the govern-
ment under this section.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from California, to strike out the words "or
involuntary" in the nineteenth line of the
second section.
Mr. SAWYER. I will offer the amendments
that I have suggested.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have 110 objection, if
the Chair will allow me, to accept the amend-
ments suggested by the Senator from South
Carolina, one of which I had intended to offer
nest after the one which I have ottered. I
supposed they should be offered singly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That would be
the parliamentary method.
Mr. CASSERLY. Then the first one which
I move is to strike outtho words "or involun-
tary" in the nineteenth line 011 the sixth page.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is now
pending.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask for the yeas and
nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DRAKE. I ask that the section be
reported with the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report it. If there be no objection, as this
vote will settle the question on all these propo-
sitions, the Secretary will read the section as
it will read 011 the suggestion of the Senator
from California and the Senator from South
Carolina, should they be adopted.
Mr. DRAKE. How will it read then?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The oath con-
tained in the section will now be read as it will
stand with the five amendments proposed.
The Secretary read as follows :
X do solemnly swear (or affirm, as the ease may be)
that I have never held the office, or exercised the
duties of a Senator or Representative in Congress,
nor been a member of the Legislature of any State
of the United States, nor held any civil office created
by law for the administration of any generaljaw of
a State, or for the administration of justice in any
State orunder the laws of thoUnitedStates, norheld
any office in themilitaryornavalserviceoftha United
States and thereafter voluntarily engaged in insur-
rection or rebel lion against the United States, or gave
voluntary aid or comfort to its enemies, or rendered
voluntary support or aid to any insurrection or rebel-
lion against the United States, nor held any office
under, or given any voluntary support to any gov-
ernment of any kind organized or acting in hostility
to thoUnited Statesor levying war against the United
States.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
011 the amendment, which is to insert the word
"voluntarily " in the seventeenth line, to insert
the word '-voluntary" in the eighteenth and
twenty-first lines, and to strike out the words
" or involuntary" in the nineteenth line.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask if it would be in
order to amend the amendment ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would be. It
is nov/ quite complex, but it would be in order
to amend the words proposed to be inserted
or to add to them.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to suggest to the
Senator from Wisconsin who has this bill in
charge that he might accomplish his object. I
think, by simply changing the phraseology,
striking out the words " voluntary or involun-
tary" and inserting in their place the words
"except by means of direct force;" so that it
will read:
Or gave aid or comfort to its enemies, or rendered,
except by means of direct force, support or aid, to
any insurrection, &e.
Mr. CARPENTER. As far as I am con-
cerned I should be willing to accept that. I
wish to say, however, that I am about the only
Senator who has not charge of this bill.
Mr. HOWARD. I think that language would
be better.
Mr. SAWYER. 1 wish to say one word
further in reference to this subject. I hear
about me that if these words are putin it is of
no use to pass the bill; and it has been sug-
gested by a friend at my elbow that they cau
get negroes enough to make the Legislature
of Georgia. Let me say if these words are
retained here you cannot find negroes enough
in the State of Georgia who can read and write
who can do it, and for this reason: the planters
during the rebellion were regularly levied upon
for their slaves to go to work on the fortifica-
tions, and they rendered precisely the same
kind of aid that I rendered under the circum-
stances to which I have alluded, and which
thousands, indeed every man who lived in that
section of country of arms-bearing age was
obliged to render. The negroes helped to
defend Fort Sumter. Thousands of them would
be embraced 111 this provision. I am not ready
to assume that all the people of the State of
Georgia who were not on our side, are willing
to swear falsely. I do not believe that by put-
ting in these words we do anything which will
imperil the results which we wish to attain. I
think, on the other hand, that the leaving out
of the word "voluntary," as has been sug-
gested, will render it an impossibility to get a
Legislature in Georgia.
Mr. CARPENTER. I should like to ask
the gentleman from South Carolina if in his
State previous to the war many negroes held
civil office ? This act only applies to those
persons who held office before the war; and I
understand it would not reach many negroes
in South Carolina.
Mr. SAWYER. That is true. 1 was only
showing how universal the aid was that was
given to the rebellion. Whether a man would
or would not give it it was an impossibility for
a man of the arms-bearing age to live in the
community without being obliged to render aid
to the rebellion, voluntary or involuntary.
Mr. STEWART. The bill will not be good
for anything if that amendment should be
adopted.
Mr. CASSERLY. If it is in order to say a
word I should like to do it. I must say I was
not prepared for the opposition which this
amendment has elicited. I supposed the law-
yers in this body at least would understand
what I regard as the enormity of attempting to
legislate into a Crimean act where the criminal
mtent is of necessity totally wanting. They
had a law of treason in England deformed by
monstrosities in every line, and there they had
something of this kind, where a man could be
tried, found guilty, and beheaded for acts which
were wholly involuntary on his part; but there
never was any such law in the United States ;
there is not any such now in England, and
there ought not to be any such law in any
Christian country. I repeat, Mr. President,
if this bill shall stand as it is written the effect
of it will be to make an act criminal in the
total absence of any possible criminal intent.
It may be true that you cannot draw a law
which a bad man will not evade. That is prob-
ably true, especially as to these political oaths.
You cannot draw an oath which a bad man will
not evade ; but it is equally true that for that
reason you have no sort of right to propose an
oath which is an oppression and injustice and
a cruelty to thousands of innocent people.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Cali-
fornia, as amended by the Senator from South
Carolina, upon which the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
Mr. STEWART. This does not appear to
be understood, Mr. President.
Mr. SUMNER, I appeal to my friend to
allow us to vote. I think we can vote it down.
Mr. STEWART. All right.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 29, nays 22 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott. Anthony. Bayard. Buck-
ingham, Casserly, Cragin, Davis, Drake, Fowler,
Hamilton, Hamlin, McDonald, Morrill of Maine,
Norton, Pratt, Robertson, Ross, Saulsbury, Sawyer,
Sehurz, Scott, Sherman, Spencer, Stockton, Thur-
man, Viekera, "Warner, V/llley, and Williams—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Brownlow, Carpenter, Cattell,
ChaDdler, Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Edmunds, Fen-
ton, Gilbert, Harlan, Harris, Howard, Morrill of
Vermont, Osborn, Patterson, Ramsey, Rice, Stewart,
Sumner. Thayer, and Wilson—22.
ABSENT — Messrs. Boreman, Cameron. Ferry.
Howe, Kellogg, MeCreery, Morton, Nye, Pomeroy,
Pool, Sprague, Tipton, Trumbull, and STates—14.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. I should like to have that
amendment reported as it stands. I do not
think it is well understood.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the clause as amended.
The Chief Clerk. The portion of the second
section just amended reads :
Nor held any office in the military or naval service
of the United States, and thereafter voluntarily en-
gaged in insurrection or rebellion against the United
States, or gave voluntary aid or comfort to its ene-
mies, cr rendered voluntary support or aid to any
insurrection or rebellion against the United States,
nor held any office under or given any voluntary
support to any government of any kind organized
01- acting in hostility to the United States, or waging
war against the United States, &c.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to amend section
seven by inserting before the word "provis-
ions," in line five, the word "preceding." T
ask that the section be read as it will stand if
thus amended.
The Secretary read as follows :
That upon the application of the Governor of
Georgia the President of the United States shall em-
ploy such military or naval forces of the United
States as may be necessary to enforce and execute
the preceding provisions of this aet.
