1870.
THB COUGBBSSIONAIi GLOBE.
1541
They taught the lesson that as a partial com-
pensation for these disadvantages, and in order
to save the agricultural interest from grave dis-
aster, it was the duty of the Government to
relieve the harden as far as practicable by
reducing taxation to the lowest possible limit
consistent with other obligations. We may
not witness the exact reproduction of the cass
in our own land, bat we shall surely see * con-
dition to which it bears a general analogy, and
which will teach the same lesson. While prices
are falling and receipts are diminishing, there
are elements in the accoant of production and
expenditure which have grown with the war,
but which will be slow to follow the general
decline. In all such cases, especially, hardship
must ensue. Taxation itself is one of these
elements, but happily one which is within the
control of the Government. There"are others
over which it can exercise no control, regu-
lated by the laws of economy and other influ-
ences, and which will rest upon the entire agri-
cultural and business interest. Their effect is
to prevent tie cost of living from declining in
the same ratio as profits. There is one con-
sideration alone which, it seems to me, ought
to be conclusive on this point. All taxes must
be paid either from capital or from income,
nnd it is a sound maxim that taxation should
never be laid in such a way as to encroach on
capital, or, in other words, upon the solid basis
of future production. It should not trench
tipon the capital value of property, bat only
upon its revenue. It should only be drawn
from annual gains. While trade is partially
stagnant and all activities are Bomewhat dor-
mant, to maintain the same high degree of
taxation would entail the most serious hard-
ships.
There is another important consideration
bearing npon this matter. If we make any
progress toward a sound financial condition it
will be accompanied by an appreciation of the
currency. Such an appreciation is itself evi-
dence of progress in this direction. But, after
all, this is practically an increase of taxation.
Taxes will then be paid in currency which has
increased in value and which possesses greater
-purchasing power. For example, the premium
on gold has declined about ten per ceut. in
the past year, or, in other words, the currency
has appreciated nearly ten per cent. Now,
the receipts from internal revenae for the last
fiscal year were in round numbers $160,000,-
000, and if we suppose the currency to have
appreciated ten per cent, we practically in-
crease the taxation to the extentof $16,000,000.
Thus, if we suffer the law to remain unchanged,
we actually augment the burdens of the peo-
ple, and to retain the same virtual taxation
we must decrease the nominal rate. For my
own part I would go still further. Believing
as I do that the interests of the people demand
a positive reduction, and that the interests
ef the Government are identical with those of
the people, I would diminish not only the
nominal, but the virtual rate of taxation.
For the same reason the system should be
simplified. Taxation may Tie oppressive in
two ways: first, by its weight, and second, by
its method. The true policy of taxation ap-
plies it to few sources, and selects those sources
pertaining to the luxuries, rather than to the
necessaries, of life. It touches as lightly as pos-
sible the individual requirements of the people.
It makes as little demand as possible upon the
productive forces- '1 They are all more or less
unthrifty taxes," says Adam Smith, "that in-
crease the revenue of the sovereign, which sel-
dom maintains any but unproductive laborers,
at the expense of the capital of the people,
which maintains none but productive." With-
out stopping to elaborate a statement which
now receives universal assent, I only urge that
as a part of the general policy on this subject,
the greatest degree of simplification should be
enforced, and the items of taxation which are
more vexatious in their character than profit-
able in their results, should be entirely removed.
Taxation should be lightened in both ways.
No objects to be gained by maintaining a high
rate can compensate for its inseparable evils.
Even the rapid extinction of the debt furnishes
no sufficient recompense and contains a meas-
ure of inj ustice. I would pay $50,000,000 a year,
but beyond that I would not go. The growth
of every year reduces the burden by developing
more ample means of payment. The lapse of
time secures greater equity in its distribution
by imposing a part of it upon another genera-
tion, which shares equally with ourselves the
benefits it purchased. Nor can so rapid an
extinguishment of the debt be essential to the
establishment of the public credit. Other ele-
ments equally important in this aspect of the
question, and more important in other aspects,
enter into the case. It is not less desirable,
even with reference to the public credit-, that
the people should not be restive under grievous
taxation. It is not less essential that a sound
monetary condition shall be restored, upon
which the national finances can repose. Show
to the world that we understand the real con-
dition of healthy life ; show to the world that
in spite of all seductive influences we have the
spirit and the purpose to cultivate them, and
we shall borrow without difficulty upon more
favorable terms and refund without embarrass-
ment at a lower rate.
, Much aB we may choose to separate the ele-
ments of the financial problem and deal with
them singly, there is a connection and mutual
dedendence between them. Neither can be
adequately treated without more or less con-
sidering the bearings of all. Although the
debt, taxation; and the currency are distinct
in their character, their relations are involved
together. The refunding of the debt turns in
some measure upon the currency; the reform
of the currency is connected in some degree
with the adjustment of the debt; the question
of banking is blended with both. In legis-
lating upon one subject it is important to bear
in mind its relations to the rest. The success-
ful refunding of the debt upon the best terms
requires a healthy monetary basis. I do not say
that it cannot be placed at a lower rate now;
but it is obvious that if we were resting upon
a specie foundation more favorable terms could
be secured. The confidence of intelligent cap-
italists and financiers depends not only upon
a perception of our ability to pay, but upon a
recognition of that sound financial condition
which is not liable to be thrown into violent
convulsion or panic by any light or temporary
shock. The dangers of our present situation
lie not so much in the debt as in the disorders
of the currency; to this we can trace most of
the evils which menace us. If it were cor-
rected it would clearly increase the confidence
and sense of security which have so much to
do with the disposition of lenders.
If I could agree with the distinguished Sen-
ator from Indiana, [Mr. Morton] I should see
comparatively little difficulty in the work be-
fore us. In following my remarks upon the
currency bill that Senator held, as he had on
former occasions maintained, that the country
hasnone too much currency. It will be remem-
bered that I had admitted this upon the as-
sumption that the present abnormal order of
things was to continue indefinitely. But as
he unites with me in desiring the restoration
of the gold basis, I must assume that he means
1 we have none too much currency for the re-
j sumption and maintenance of specie payments.
■ If this were true the gravest difficulties of our
j situation would at once disappear. The esseti-
; tial conditions of financial strength would be
already sacured. All we should need would
] simply be the proper proportion of gold with
j which to begin redemption. And if we have
none too much currency to float on the gold
' basis, this proportion ought readily to find its
way here. Upon that theory there is no rea-
son why it should be steadily flowing abroad.
If there were no redundancy of currency to
drive it away, there should at least be no diffi-
culty in securing the proportion necessary to
resumption. If the currency is not depre-
ciated from excess, there is no reason why
the tendency toward equilibrium should con-
stantly draw gold away from us.
Again, if the Senator is correct in supposing
that resumption could take place upon the
present volume of currency, the embarrass-
ments usually associated with it are wholly
imaginary and should not deter us for a mo-
ment. There could be no decline of prices
with no change iu the standard. On the con-
trary, to preserve the presentvolume and throw
iu a large quantity of gold besides, would, ac-
cording to all laws of currency, increase prices
and impart new buoyancy to business. Instead
of appreciating the paper to the level of gold,
gold would be depreciated to the level of paper.
Merchants would not find goods falling upon
their hands, nor would the obligations of debt-
ors be augmented. In a word, the difficulties
which make the country shrink from resump-
tion would altogether vanish.
It has been well said that the amount of
specie needed to maintain specie payments is
fixed by a law as certain as any other law. It
may vary somewhat in the changing relations
of business and in dilfereut countries. Iu the
United States, during sixteen years ending with
the close of the year 1857, there was a little
less than three dollars of paper circulation for
every dollar of specie in the banks. Upon this
basis, not to speak of the specie required for
daily domestic circulation, there would be
needed by the banks for the purpose of re-
sumption about two hundred and thirty million
dollars in specie. When we take into consid-
eration, also, that something like fifty million
dollars would be required to supply the place
of the fractional currency now in use, and a
constantly large sum to be kept iu the United
States Treasury as a means of carrying on the
Government, it will be seen alike how difficult
it would be to obtain and how much it would
add to the volume of money in the country.
There is another consideration to which I
have adverted, bearing upon this point. When
the currency is thus expanded, the tendency is,
even if the ordinary and regular proportion
between gold and paper is temporarily secured,
to drive the gold abroad. And thus, if the full
amount I have iudicated were obtained, it would
furnish no assurance that we could maintain
■specie payments. The largest circulation ever
known in this country before the war, was in
1857, when it rau up to $214,778,822. The
amount of specie reserve then held by the banks
was as one dollar to three and seventy-two one
hundredths in paper. But this was inadequate,
as the history of the times shows, and the banks
were forced to suspend. In 181S7, the amount
of paper money in circulation was $149,185,840.
The proportion of specie in the banks to their
circulation was as one to three and ninety-
seven one hundredths. .As in the other case,
a collapse ensued, and great disaster succeeded
the suspension of specie paymeuts. Following
the first-named period the paper circulation
declined to $184,000,000, and in the latter to
less than $100,000,000, before specie payment
could be resumed and maintained. What is
the lesson here taught? The country has made
great advances, but the laws of finance are un-
changeable, and the relative.proportions in the
adjustment of currency upon a safe and sound
basis must be observed now, as heretofore.
The Senator misapprehends when he assumes
that a comparison is instituted between the cur-
rency of Great Britain and that of the United
States, with a. view of showing that the volume
of the latter should not be larger than the vol-
ume of die former. So far as I am concerned,
I made no such comparison. I simply com-
pared the currency of Great Britain with itself
at different periods. The object was to show
that the currency, under healthy conditions,
does not increase in proportion to the increase
of wealth and population. "Thus," I said,
"the total circulation of Great Britain was
