1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4373
Mr. I object to anything except
discussing the Louisville and Portland canal,
which is the pending proposition before the
House.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds the
point to be well taken.
Mr. FARNSWOETH. I propose to show
how unreliable is the report of the committee
in regard to this case. I want to show what
is the report of the engineers in reference to
the Wisconsin river for which an appropriation
has been made in this bill of $100,000. I refer
gentlemen to page 203 of the report of the
chief of engineers made daring the present
Congress. General Warren there states that
a little steamer by the name of Caffrey was
purchased, drawing hut very little water, for
the purpose of testing the navigation at the
mouth of the Wisconsin river. Major Long
was instructed as follows;
You will proceed with ibc steamer C. J. Caffrey
to the mouth of the "Wisconsin river, and ruake a
thorough test of her capacity to improve the naviga-
tion of that stream by scraping t.lie bars, and also try
the practicability of ascending the stream at the
present bfage of water, and passing through one or
more of the bridges. You are not to ascend this
i i\ «r more than fifteen or twenty miles, or to attempt
more than c;m be accomplished in fen or twelve
day*; after which period the Caffrey will resume her
regular work, snagging orbcrapmg on the Mi?sis-
t-ippi, under the same conditions as thode imposed on
tho Montana.
"You will make a special report to me of your
operations with the Caffrey on the Wisconsin, with
pueh remarks and suggestions as you may see lit to
present."
Let me read further from the report:
" The Caffrey spent part of two clays at the mouth of
the Wisconsin, but iailed to accomplish anything
des.ira.blc in the wa> of scraping or dredging, by rea-
son of the extreme low stage of water prevailing in
that river, there being but two feet on the bars at the
mouth, and lor two miles up stream, which did
not admit of a. vessel, of her draught entering. It
was aNo found impossible to get her through the first
draw-bridge, .«ix miles up, for want of water space
between the piers. For the same reason i he Winnc-
conne, a. much smaller boat than the Oaftres', failed
to icach the mouth of the river at the appointed
time. . ,
"The following repoit gives these particulars in
detail:
•"United Status Steameu C. J. Cvtfrev,
'* * Prairie du Chikn, October 11,1303.
" 'Gexer a,: I wrote you yesterday,announcing our
arrival at this place. The same alternoon we run
down to the mouth of the "VVi.-consin river, and
grounded twiee m two fort water, in trying to iorce
an entrance; (the Caffrey rubs hard on two and a
half feet water.) We then, with a yawl and the
assistance of a "raft pilot" who paid he haul been
navigating the river the la?tsevcntccn years, exam-
ined every practicable channel at the mouta, and
two miles up, without finding any with over two toot
'*' This morning early we resumed our examination
with the yawl and pkiff, (Captain Russell m chaigo
of the former, invself with the latter,) extending t.iem
u*> to the first bridge, about six miles, and some
three miles below the mouth oi the Wisconsin to an
old slough wending along the biuffs, said to have
been the main channel of the river thirty or lorty
vears ago, with no more satisfactory results than
obtained yesterday. In .the first six miles of the
river we found a succession Ox large flat bais, witn
intervening pools or pockets of deeper water. The
former arc two hundred and fifty to three hundied
and fifty feet long, with but two and two and a halt
feet across them; the channels through them Wind,
narrow, and, in some instances, run so close to the
choreas to endanger a passing boat by tno project
ing stumps and limbs. There are also several uan-
gcrous snags in the distance mentioned. ,
" 'The opening atthedraw-briage at water sarmcc
was about twenty feet at the prescnt stage of the
river, too narrow for the Calirey; and it seems veiy
doubtful whether she could effect a passage at a
stage of water four or five teei. higher, as even tnen
it does not appear that the water space at the draw
would be over forty-five or forty-eight teet. .
'* 'The bars obstructing the mouth of the Wisconsin,
as we .found them, are not inerexy abrupt reefs, sueii
as met with in the Upper Mississippi during low
water, but extensive flnts. across which it would
require a much longer timo.tban1ak°r^th1 which
instructions to excavate a channel throueh whicn
the Caffrev could pass."'
They pinched the river all the way up. never
expecting a steamer to enter in. the world,
unless it were a narrow-sided affair. But now
Gentlemen talk about it being an advantage to
the commerce of the L nited states to clean ouu
that Wisconsin river. In high water they raft
down logs and luniberj but at no other stage
oi' the water do they carry anything else on it.
No qrain ever goes down the Wisconsin river;
for nobody lives at the head of it bat lumber-
men, and they are only there during the winter.
The only possible useful purpose to which the
river can be put is that to which it has been
put for the last thirty years in high water—that
of rafting down the lumber when they have a
freshet. Now it is proposed to put it to a dif-
ferent purpose. It is proposed to throw money
into the sands of the river. I tell the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations that he
may appropriate $100,000 annually to clean
out the Wisconsin river until he is much grayer
than he is now and until his feet totter on the
brink of the grave, and he will never be able to
send a boat ol' respectable size up the channel
of the river. This shows the absurdity of this
kind of appropriation.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SAWYER. I do not cure to discuss
this matter. I attach no consequence to what
the gentleman has said about it.
Mr. STEVENSON". Then let the gentle-
man yield to me the floor; for I do care to dis-
cuss it.
Mr. SAWYER. 1 yield to the gentleman.
Mr. STEVENSON. The gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Farxswoiith] has done well to
say that, he knows nothing about the subject
under debate, and has done well to talk about
something else about which he appears to know
a great deal.
Mr. ALLISON. He does not know anything
about the Wisconsin river, either.
Mr. STEVENSON. I leave that matter in
the hands of the gentleman from Iowa. I do
not profess to understand it. But I do under-
stand the subject before the committee. I do
not know the engineer spoken of in connectiou
with the Wisconsin river improvement; but
I do know the engineer in charge of the work
of the enlargnient of the canal at the falls ot
the Ohio—General Godfrey Weitzel, one of
the best men in the service, a good, solid,
brave, honest man. If the gentleman from
Illinois and all of us understood our business
here as well as this engineer understands his
wc would be bettor Representatives. I do not
say what sort of a member he would be, but
he is a good engineer and a good soldier. He
was among the lirst men who came to the front,
and commanded the forces here when Presi-
dent, Lincoln was inaugurated. And he was
among the last men who faced the enemy in
Texas. It is the report of this engineer which
we have before us in regard to this work, and
it is perfect, full, trustworthy. I hope the
House will give its attention to this question
without being diverted to other matters, and
do what is right without having such tender
regard for the bill as to refuse to change it in
any particular. We have treated this bill so
far with great respect, not having changed it
in any item except by amendments offered by
the committee itself.
Mr. SAWYER I will only say with refer-
ence to the amendment of the gentleman from
Indiana that I trust it will not be adopted.
The committee, I will say, have looked into
this whole matter carefully.
The question was put on Mr. Farxsworth's
amendment; and it was disagreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Hot/max'S
amendment, to strike out " $250,00!
insert in lieu thereof " $400,000."
The committee divided; and there were-
ayes 44, noes 72.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Chairman, I now sub-
mit, another amendment, to add $50,000 to the
appropriation. I trust 1 will obtain iV)r ir, the
favorable consideration of the House. There
is an appropriation of $50,000 for the improve-
ment of the Ohio river. My motion is, in effect,
to transfer that $50,000 from the improvement
of the Ohio river to the completion of this
canal, without increasing in fact the appro-
priation. I trust there will be no objection to
! that. The districts on the Ohio river, I believe,
I without any exception are, unless it may oe
and
the Pittsburg districts, in favor of this change
in the proposed appropriation.
I must say that the action of the committee
in refusing this reasonable increase of the ap-
propriation for the purpose of completing that
canal is rather extraordinary, when itis remem-
bered that Congress, over the protest of all the
districts bordering upon the Ohio river atove
the falls, authorized that bridge to be built.
My constituents, interested in the navigation
of that great national thoroughfare perhaps to
an equal extent with any other except the great
cities on the river, were protesting earnestly
against the building of that bridge. Their busi-
ness tends toward the Gulf of Mexico. The
navigation of that stream is a matter of vital
importance to the farmers of my district, bor-
dering on that river to the extent of near one
hundred miles ; and Congress, over their pro-
test, authorized this bridge to be built and their
commerce to be virtually destroyed; and now
when an appeal is made to Congress to repair
the evil which has been done, by promptly con-
structing this canal, Congress exhibits none of
the alacrity in making appropriations that it
did to destroy that natural channel of trade.
1 presume that no gentleman can object to this
transfer of $50,000 from the item for the Ohio
river itself to the appropriation for the canal.
The States bordering on the river are, all of
them, interested in the completion of the canal
much more than in the improvement of the
river itself. That is a matter of comparatively
little importance. I trust, therefore, that this
amendment will be acTopted, and then I will
move to strike out the appropriation of $50,000
for the improvement of the Ohio river.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would ask the gentle-
man from Indiana whether, in case the bill
passes in the shape recommended by the com-
mittee, there is anything that would prevent
the engineer department from using this $50,000
at the falls and not on the improvement of the
canal ?
Mr. HOLMAN. There is nothing to pre-
vent its being done, but I apprehend that it
will not be done. Every dollar that the Gov-
ernment appropriates at this time for that river
should be expended on the canal.
Mr. SAWYER. I would state that the en-
gineer department asked for $450,000 lor the
Louisville canal. We have reported $250,000.
They have asked $380,000 for the Ohio river,
in addition, and we have only reported $50,000.
I think the bill ought to stand as it is.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust the gentleman from
Wisconsin will bear in mind that the Repre-
sentatives of the States lying along the river
understand the subject much better than he
does.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the amendment.
The question was put on Mr. Holman s
amendment; and there were—ayes 39, noes
G2; no quorum voting.
Mr. HOLMAN. I insist on a further count.
The amendment simply proposes to transfer an
appropriation from one item to another. It
does not increase the appropriation at all, but
we prefer that the whole appropriation shall be
expended on the canal and none of it on the
river. .
Mr. SAWYER. Other gentlemen interested
think that ought not to be done, and I think
so too.
Mr. HOLMAN. No member representing
a district on the Ohio river has said so yet.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Sawxkb and
Mr. Holmax were appointed.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to suggest to the
gentlemen interested in the improvement ot
the Ohio river that every one admits that it win
take $450,000 to finish this work. It is only
a question whether the appropriation shall De
made this year or at the next session.
perhaps be economy if they could du ng the
winter get ready for *ext
there is no disposition on the part ot any
one to cut down the amount ultimately to be
