528
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 9,
Ho. oe Beps.
Finance—Mr. Ingersoll.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
of the paper money, but because it was issued
upon an unsound basis—a pretended specie
basis. The people had no confidence in it-
It was false and rotten to the core. It professed
to be convertible into coin on demand, and yet
there was not one dollar of coin to ten of this
paper which could be made to respond in
redemption of it. Hence when any disturbance
came which shook even the little confidence
the people had in this system, the people, with
these bills in the.ir hands, went pell-mell after
the gold ; but they did not get it. The banks
suspended. The people suffered immense losses,
while the unscrupulous bankers enriched them-
selves at the expense of the people. The peo-
ple have ever been robbed and swindled more
under this system of " specie"-paving banks
than by any other device ever invented by the
cunning of man.
Yesterday, Mr. Speaker, we beard a solitary
voice on the other side of this Chaniberringing
out clear and melodious for a return to specie
payments. it was the voice of my elegant
friend from New York, [.Mr. Cox.] lie spoke
of " Ihe good old Democratic days when gold
and silver chinked in the pockets of Ihe peo-
ple." That was a good while ago ; but I re-
member them well. I was a Democrat then ;
and 1 remember, too, that more rags and min-
iature (logs of tiuce fluttered from the divine
forms of the "happy" people than pieces of
money ''chinked" in their pockets. In those
days we were called the '"barefooted" Demo-
cracy, the " great unwashed, "and other like sig-
nificant names, f wondered at it then, but I do
not now. It could hardly have been otherwise.
Wo were not to blame ior our appearance.
The fact was, we did not oven possess enough
of thin, jingling sixpences to buy shoes for our
feet or soap for our ablutions. [Great laugh-
ter.] Good old Democratic days, indeed 1 How
eloquently he spoke of the shining coil). Whose
ears did lie expect to tickle? Gewgaws and
trinkets charm the red man and the half civil-
ized ; hence the bright and ringing coins have
a peculiar charm and power over the ignorant.
The gentleman does not seem to appreciate
the fact that ouv people have taken a good
many long steps in advance since the good old
days to which ho delights to refer. The peoplo
want no more of those days.
Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Gaiu'IKI.iiJ in bis remarks yesterday said,
"Nothing is money except, that which is worth
the amount expressed on tho face of it. That
which gives it value is the promise that it will
some day be paid." Tho last proposition of
this statement, Air. Speaker, is totally incorrect
and altogether false. It is decidedly old fogy,
and belongs to the fossilil'erous period. Money
may possess no intrinsic valuo whatever, mid
the mere fact that it will some day be paid im-
parts to it, necessarily, no value. Money repre-
sents value; it is the representative of value.
One of its functions is to measure values, and
another is to facilitate the exchange of com-
modities. Money, then, is only valuable in
proportion to its usefulness. Whoever, then,
has no use for money cannot attach the least
value to it, whether it be coin or paper. If the
people of this country had no use for money,
then money would cease to be of the least value
to them.
Gold or silver coin would have no value as
money except for the fact that mankind have,
by general^ consent, agreed that a certain
amount of it of a certain fineness shall be re-
ceivable in payment of debts or in exchange
for anything else of material value. Had not
;:old and silver coin been thus indued with the
power to represent valuo and with the power to
measure and exchange value it would not be
money and could not possessatiy money value.
Mankind, from the necessity of ihe case, were
compelled to agree on some measure of value,
and, from like necessity, were compelled to
agree on a measure of quantity. Were all the
people of the globe united under one consti-
tution and one government all the gold and
silver coin in the world might be thrown into
the depths of the sea, without the least detri-
ment to the inerests of mankind, provided that
the legal-tender notes of this universal govern-
ment were substituted at once >n place of the
submerged coin. Who would ever want a
heavy, clumsy coin dollar, while he could get
a government paper dollar that possessed all
the functions and powers of the coin dollar?
Our people have for several years past been
conducting the entire business of the country
upon paper money not based on coin; neither
is it convertible into coin at the option of the
holder. It is in no way related to or depend-
ent upon coin, and its value as a circulating
medium or money is not enhanced one iota,
because it is presumed that it will some day
be paid or redeemed in coin. It is valuable
because it was issued by the sovereign power
of the people, and indued by the same sover-
eign power with all the attributes and powers
of money. It was made a standard or measure
of values. It was clothed with the power to
facilitate the exchange of all commodities. It
was invested with the power to pay debts, and
it is this debt-paying power, together with the
other powers to which I have referred, which
gives it its value as money, and which, in fact,
makes it money; and were we not in debt to
foreign nations we should in all probability
never want any other kind of money.
When the farmer sells his grain, or the me-
chanic tho productof his skill, and the laborer
his labor, and receives in exchange therefor
greenbacks, they do not receive them because
they expect some day these paper dollars will
be paid in coin, but they receive them because
they can, in turn, use them in payment of any
commodities or products they desire to buy,
and bccause they can use them for any and all
purposes they could use gold dollars; and it is
because they have the fullest faith that the
Government of the United States will never
suffer these paper dollars to lose the functions
and powers of money. We do not want them
"redeemed;" wedo not want them ''convert-
ible." We simply want them maintained and
continued as they are now—a legal tender in
tho payment of debts.
It is this public confidence in the ability of
the Government to maintain and perpetuate the
legal-tender quality—the debt-paying power
tho money functions of the greenback dollar—
which makes it, as a circulating medium, supe-
rior to coin. Our greenback-monoy system
has worked admirably well for the past eight
years. We have had no panics and no financial
distress (except that brought about by con-
tracting the currency) during that period. It
is not saying too much that we have given it a
fair trial, and that this experience bus estab-
lished Ihe fact of its superiority over any and
all other previous systems.
Why can it not be continued ad infinitum ?
That which has worked so well and has pro-
duced such beneficent results in each year
through eight consecutive years, appears to me
can be repeated for an indefinite period.
The earth has been revolving around the
sun for "several " years, and is now going very
well, and I see nothing in the way of its con-
tinuing. Tho system is a good one, and so it
will be with our greenback-money system, if
you will only give it freedom and leave it un-
restrained except by natural laws ; it will work
equally as well and run as smooth—the system
is a good one.
Public confidence has everything to do with
the current circulation of paper money. The
paper money of Europe is issued upon what
is known as a specie basis. These notes pre-
tend to be convertible into coin upon demand,
and so long as the public have confidence in
the ability of the banks to redeem in coin on
demand they pass current as money; and so
long as the public do not need any consider-
able amount of coin all goes well, and these
bank notes pass current as money whether the
banks that issued them have any coin in their
vaults or not. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Garfield] in his remarks yesterday introduced
a fatal illustration to his theory. He told us
that the Bank of Amsterdam kept afloat during
a period of fifty years an immense amount of
paper money, which was all the time convert-
ible into com by its terms, on demand, when,
in reality, the bank had hardly adoliar of specie
in its vaults during all that period ! Had not
confidence something to do with this? It had
everything to do with it. Had the public been
apprised of the true condition of this bank its
paper would have suffered an immense depre-
ciation, if it had not become altogether worth-
less. The people had been successfully deceived,
and, simply by good luck, had escaped ruin.
As another instance of the necessity of public
confidence as a basis for the circulation of
paper money, I will cite an incident in the his-
tory of the Bank of England. In 1797, when
an invasion was thought to be imminent, the
pubiic lost confidence in the Bank of England
notes, and a " run " was commenced upon the
bank. Soon the specie in the bank was re-
duced to an amount less than £1,300,000, while
at the same time the outstanding circulation
of the bank amounted to about fourteen mil-
lion pounds. In this condition of affairs the
Government came to the rescue, and, by an
order in council, the directors were prohibited
from redeeming their notes iu coin until tho
Parliament should take action in the matter.
Upon the assembling of the Parliament a com-
mittee was appointed to examine iuto the con-
dition of the bank. This investigation showed
that the bank was possessed of property to the
value of about fifteen million pounds. This
established the solvency of the bank, and its
notes passed current again on about par with
coin, notwithstanding the fact that Parliament
had authorized the suspension of specie pay-
ments untilsix months after the ratification of
a definite treaty of peacc. These illustrations
prove that it is not so much because the people
have confidence that the bank bills or notes
can and will be converted into gold coin on
demand that gives them vaiue as money, as it
is confidence in the solvency of tho makers of
the paper money; or, in other words, confi-
dence iu the power of the maker to maintain
the money functions of the paper money; that
is to say, its debt-paying power. Hence I
assert tli at the Government, of the United States,
representing as it does property to the value
of $25,000,000,000 at least, has the ability, and
ought to furnish its citizens all the currency
demanded by their legitimate wants, because,
all have the utmost confidence in the solvency
of the Government and in its ability to main-
tain its money as a legal tenderinthe payment
of debts and in all domestic transactions.
Mr. Speaker, I had hoped that by this time
we should have heard the last concerning a
return to specie payments; but in this I am
disappointed. A great majority of the joint
resolutions and bills brought forward in Con-
gress have for their object the restoration of
specie payments, and long speeches are stiil
made for the purpose of convincing the House
and tho country that specie payments should
be resumed and that the business of the coun-
try should be placed on a specie basis. It,
strikes me these gentlemen do not thoroughly
comprehend this matter, or else they speak
from the stand-point of personal interest, for
they certainly do not speak in the interest ot
the people. A resumption of specie payments
would inevitably involve this country in finan-
cial distress heretofore unknown, and in an
amount of individual bankruptcy frightful to
contemplate. If specie payments were desir-
able we are in no condition to resume specie
payments. The " on-to-specie-payment " party
