230
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The yeas and
nays have been ordered on the motion of the
Senator from Wisconsin.
Mr. CARPENTER. 1 desire to have this
matter perfectly understood so far as I am per-
sonally concerned. I judge from the remarks
which fell from the Senator from Oregon that
ray motion to adjourn wasunusual under the cir-
cumstances. I trust, however, that the Senate
will not deem me so weak as to entertain any
feelings of displeasure much less auger at any
vote of the Senate upon any subject. The
object of my motion was to take the sense of
the Senate upon adjourning, and thus clear
myself of the responsibility of detaining the
friends of this bill any further, if they were
disposed to adjourn.
Mr. STEWART. I suggest to my friend
from Wisconsin that it would be better to with-
draw this motion.
Mr. CARPENTER. I made the motion
because I was requested to do so, and I with-
draw it for the same reason.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the motion will be withdrawn. The
yeas and aays having been ordered upon it it
cannot be withdrawn except by the consent of
the Senate. The Chair hears no objection,
and the motion is withdrawn. The pending
question is on the amendment of the Senator
irom Oregon, to insert the word "preceding"
before the word "provisions" in the fifth line
of the seventh section.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I desire to make a slight
amendment in the eighth line of the fourth
section. That section provides that the Legis-
lature shall bo reorganized. It says that they
shall proceed "to reorganize said senate and
house of representatives respectively by the
electionof the proper officers of each liouso."
J move to insert after the word "election" the
words "and qualification." I do it because I
notice (hat the Virginia Legislature elected
their officers and never swore them. They
elected a clerk and never swore him; they
elected a speaker and never swore him ; they
elected a sergeant-at-arms and never swore
him. I think that difficulty should be avoided
in this case, and therefore I move the amend-
ment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. Section seven reads, "that
iijmn the application of the Governor of Geor-
gia the President of the United Stales shall
employ such military and naval forces of the
United States as may be necessary" to execute
the act. I propose to amend that by inserting
after the word "employ," inline three, the
words "but under his own orders and con-
trol;" so as to read: "The President of the
United States shall employ, but under his own
orders and control, such military and naval
lorces," &c. I presume that will be the effect;
but I wish to make it entirely clear, so that
there can be no question about it.
Mr. SHERMAN. That amendment seems
to me entirely unnecessary. The Constitution
makes these soldiers under the command of
the President. It is perfectly superfluous.
Mr. CARPENTER. The bill provides that
the President shall employ the military forces,
not delegate their command to somebody else
not lend them for some purpose, but the Presi-
dent shall employ them. The President is
Commander-in-Chief of the Army. When he
employs the Army for a purpose directed by
law they are supposed to be employed by him,
under him, subject to his orders.
Mr. EDMUNDS. _ I would suggest to my
friend from Wisconsin that if, as 1 suppose to
be the case, we can command the vote of our
friends on theother side in favor of this bill by
agreeing to this amendment we had better go
for it. [Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Cali-
fornia.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. CASSERLY. The section is objection-
able because it imposes on the President abso-
lutely an obligation to do whatever the Gov-
ernor of Georgia asks for. Many men might
be willing, even among those who did not
support General Grant and do not support
him now, to trust to him this great power, while
few might be willing to trust it to the Governor
of Georgia; yet practically that is the result of
the section as it stands. I propose to amend
it by striking out the word '' shall'' and insert-
ing " may at his discretion." It seems to me
all that is required, all that anybody can ask
for—because I trust no member deliberately
proposes to himself to make this bill a weapon
of irritation and oppression—is that whenever
the Governor of Georgia makes an application
the President shall have the right to look into it,
examine the faots for himself, and then in his
good judgment determine whether he will em-
ploy the naval or military forces, and if so what
number* There ought to be no objection to
that, and I propose it as an amendment.
Mr. CARPENTER. I will suggest to the
Senator from California that to accomplish his
purpose he must amend the Constitution of
the United States, which provides, without
leaving him any discretion, that the President
shall take care to execute the laws passed by
Congress.
Mr. CASSERLY. I suppose the Senator
from Wisconsin will not differ from me when I
say that his suggestion is precisely the reason
why I waut to alter this bill, because if the
President were not under any obligation to
obey it it would not be very important how it
was worded.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Will the Senator allow
me to suggest to him that the section provides
that the President is only to employ such forces
as are necessary to enforce this law ? Of course
he is to judge of the force necessary.
Mr. CASSERLY. That still leaves the mat-
ter as to whether he shall employ any to the
discretion of the Governor of Georgia. Now
I repeat, and I am sure my friend from Wiscon-
sin will agree with me upon second thought,
that this bill, because it will be binding if it
should become a law, should be worded so as
to leave the matter of the employment of this
force to the judgment of the President.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection tho vote will be taken upon concur-
ring in the amendments, made as in Committee
of the Whole, in gross.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us except that in the
second section relative to "voluntary" and
"involuntary."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be
excepted.
Mr. SUMNER. That one which bores a hole
in the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not understand which amendment the Senator
from Massachusetts indicates.
Mr. SUMNER. I mean the one introduced
011 the suggestion of the Senator from South
Carolina, [Mr. Sawyer.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. That which strikes out
the words "or involuntary."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Cliair under-
stands that that is excepted. If there be no
other exceptions the other amendments made
as in Committee of the Whole will be regarded
as agreed to. They are concurred in. The
question is now on the amendment which strikes
out the words "or involuntary" and inserts
the word "voluntary" four times in the second
section.
Mr. HOWARD. Ifit be in order, I move 
_ Mr. STEWART. Let us vote on this
directly.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well; it will be after-
ward in order to move to amend the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be.
Mr. DRAKE. I would say a few words on
this amendment, and will endeavor to profit by
the admonition which the honorable Senator
from Wisconsin ?ave ine a while ago not to get
excited. I cannot conceive of any circum-
stances whatever which can justify us in legis-
lating disqualifications upon any man for having
given involuntary aid to the rebellion. The
whole southern States are full of thousands and
tens of thousands of men who in some form or
other gave involuntary aid to the rebellion.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to ask the
Senator from Missouri how many men there
are who held office and gave voluntary or in-
voluntary aid to the rebellion and subsequently
revolutionized the Legislature by agreeing that
if they could get their seats they would allow
the colored men to hold their seats, and having
got their own seats, expelled the colored men?
There is a little brood of fifteen or twenty men
who did that, and this applies to them.
Mr. DRAKE. I would say in reply to that
that the men who would engage in that kind
of work are the very men who must have given
voluntary aid to the rebellion, and therefore
could not take the oath as amended. I do not
wish to be placed before the country in the
attitude of having directly or indirectly con-
sented in any way whatever to the imposition
of disqualifications upon men for involuntary
aid to the rebellion ; and were you to pass a bill
with the word" involuntary" in it, the changes
would be rung on that word throughout the
whole United States of America, and the Sen-
ate and the Congress that passed it would be
charged with a degree and extent of tyranny
not heretofore known in this country. Now,
sir, just to fit the case of a few, a small num-
ber in the Georgia Legislature, we are to put
upon the statute-books of the United States a
provision which does impose political disquali-
fications upon men for having given in volun-
tary aid to the rebellion.
Mr. President, I cannot for one consent to
do this, however much it may disappoint the
wishes of other Senators of my own party ;
and I should like to know if these men were
thereof the character that is specified by the
Senator from Nevada, whether this oath or any
other would keep them out; and in a State
where juries would have to be summoned of
their own citizens and of their own people and
of their own party, perhaps that would undoubt-
edly acquit them, how would that oath keep
themoutof the Legislature? Theywouldnot
be deterred by the pains and penalties of per-
jury. Sir, I do not understand this thing.
It is the first time in all the legislation of Con-
gress or of any State that I know anything
of rwhere it has been attempted to affix polit-
ical disabilities to involuntary aid given to the
rebellion, and I do not yet see in the explana-
tion of the Senator from Nevada anything that
should lead me to vote for such a proposition.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Missouri, I am afraid, has forgotten
that by the act of the 23d of March, 1867,
which provided for the registration of these
people we enacted exactly the same thing on
this subject of people who had held office be-
fore ; and that is all we are talking about now.
We made them swear then, without any quali-
fication, that they had " never held any office'!
under the State and afterward engaged in insur-
rection or rebellion,without any " voluntary "
about it at all.
!, Mr. WILLIAMS. That is the way it ought
ji to be.
ij , EDMUNDS. Then, all there is in this
j] bill is this: it is merely to provide that the fact
|| of "having held an office and afterward having
|| gone into the rebellion is enough to prevent a
11 man for the time being from engaging in the
11 reorganization of the State. It is not a per-
il manent provision. It only endeavors to get
ll around the constant perjury that is being com-
! mitted in that State, certainly as we know now,
and to make the thing secure and right upon
. the very basis of the act that set them up, and
I nothing more.
