3430
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
on the day of the exhibition of his or her pension
certificate to tho postmaster, is a resident of the
county; and such friend must also state, under oath
or affirmation, how long such residence has contin-
ued; and if the pensioner has changed domicile since
he last received payment, of what county and State h e
was last a resident; and said postmaster and exofficio
pension agent is hereby further authorized to examine
any pensioner or other witness, under oath, to fully
satisfy himself as to their identity and tho claim of
the former to pension; and after thus fully examining j
the list of pensioners furnished him, and making
such corrections, if any he may find to be proper, !!
carefully notingdeathsandremovals.and.inthelat- !
tercase, the State or Territory and county, if known, 't
to which the pensioner has removed, and any other :
information which may from time to time be re- j
quired of him by the Commissioner of Pensions, he ' ■
shall, at least ten days before the day for paying '
pensions, as provided in this act, return said list of i
pensioners, corrected by him as aforesaid, by mail 1
to the Commissioner of Pensions.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That on there-
cfcipt of the pension list as aforesaid by the Commis-
sioner of Pensions he shall carefully examine and
file the «ame away in his office, and shall, without
delay, make out in the name of each pensioner a i
draft or check on the Assistant Treasurer of New
Y ork, or the Assistant Treasurer nearest theresidenee
of the pensioner, for the exact sum due to tho latter
at such bimonthly payment, and shall transmit such
drafts or checks for all pensioners in the county, to
the postmaster and ex officio pension agent of the
county, who, upon receipt thereof, shall deliver to
each pensioner the draft or check intended for him,
taking his receipt upon the voucher for the amount
thereof, and he shall transmit such voucher to the
Commissioner of Pensions, after having caused the
same to be duly executed in such manner and form
as the..latter may prescribe; and tho said Commis-
sionershall be required to execute a bond, with ap-
proved sureties, to tljo United States in the penal sum
of dollars conditioned for his accounting faith-
fully for all moneys placed in his official control or cus-
tody under the provisions of this act, and. for the
correct disbursement of all sums whioh he is required
to pay out in pursuance thereof, and all such pay-
ments made by him shall be carefully examined and
audited by tho Third Auditor of the Treasury, with
whom all vouchers therefor shall be filed by the Com-
missioner of Pensions, after he shall haveduly noted
and recorded the same; and the said Commissioner
is hereby authorized to make requisition upon the
Secretary of the Treasury, which requisition must
be approved by the Secretary of the Interior, for so
much of the annual amount appropriated out of the
Treasury for the payment of pensions as may be
required for each bimonthly payment of pensions,
as provided in this act: and it shall be the duty of
the Secretary of the Treasury to furnish the said
Commissioner, upon such approved requisition, with
a warrant or warrants for the amount thereof, drawn
upon any Assistant Treasurer of the United States
whom he may designate therein.
Sic. 7. And be it further enacted. That the post-
Masters and ex officio pension agents provided for
in this act are hereby authorized to administer all
oaths and affirmations that may be roquired by the
said Commissioner in preparing tho vouchers, or to
administer any other oaths or affirmations'that may
henecessary under the provisions of this act, and they
are authorized to use the post-marking stamp of their
respective offices to verify their signatures to all
papers relative to pensions «r the payment thereof;
and at all post offices where the annual salary ofth,e
postmaster equals or exceeds $1,000 tho chief clerk
of such post office, or other clerk or clerks regularly
employed therein, who may be specially designated
for the purpose by the postmaster thereof, are hereby
also authorized to administer such oaths or affirm-
ations; and any pensioner or witness who shall
swear falsely, or who shall make a false affirmation
to any voucher, or any other written or printed in-
strument, made necessary or proper by the provis-
ions of this bill, shall be deemed guilty of perjury,
and on conviction thereof shall be imprisoned not
less than one or more than three years, in the dis-
cretion of the courtorjury trying the case.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted. That hereafter
no pension shall be paid to any person other than
the pensioner entitled thereto, nor otherwise than
according to the provisions of thi3 act, and no war-
rant, power of attorney, or other paper executed or
purporting to be executed by any pensioner to any
attorney, claim agent, broker, or other person, shall
be recognized by the Commissioner of Pensions, nor
shall any pension be paid thereon: Provided, That
payment to persons laboring under legal disabilities
may be made to the guardians of such persons in the
manner herein prescribed: And provided further.
That pensions payable to persons in foreign coun-
tries may be made according to the provisions of
existing: laws.
Skc. 9. And be it further enacted. That any post-
master and ex officio pension agent who knowingly,
willfully, or for the purpose of defrauding the United
States Government, or of aiding therein, shall aid,
abet, advise, or assist any person or persons, by
means of false personation or false swearing, or in
any other way or manner, to procure a pension or
any payment whatever of a pension from the United
States Government, shall be deemed guilty of a mis-
demeanor, and on conviction mereof shall be fined
in any sum not less than £100 nor more than $1,000,
and be imprisoned not exceeding tw > years, in the
discretion of the court or jury trying the case.
Skc. 10. And b« it further enacted. That the com-
pensations to be made to the postmasters, and ex
officio pension agents, for their services under the
provisions of this bill shall be paid to them twice in
each year by the Commissioner of Pensions out of
the annual appropriation for pensions, by moans of
drafts or checks payable to their order, drawn upon
an Assistant Treasurer of the United States; and it
is hereby made the duty of the Commissioner of Pen-
sions to state in his annual report the whole number
of pensioners on the rolls; thenumber in each branch
of the service; the number of pensioners paid at each
of tho different rates; the number added to the rolls
during the year; the number dropped therefrom by
reason of death, marriage, or other cause; the total
amount paid for pensions during the year, and the
separate amount paid to postmasters and ex officio
pension agents for their services rendered under the
provisions of this act.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted. That in cases
where from sicknes or any physical disability pen-
sioners cannot come personally to the county seat
for payment of pensions, the postmaster and ex officio
Eension agent is hereby required to go or to cause
is clerk, if empowered by this act to administer
oaths, to go to their residence and take tho necessary
proof, and make the payment to each pensioner;
Provided, That in addition to tho compensation to
be made to the postmaster by the Commissioner of
Pensions under the provisions of this bill, he shall
be permitted to charge such pensioner ten cents a
mile for going or sending an authorized clerk to his
or her place of residence.
Skc. 12. And be it further enacted. That the office
of agent for the payment of pensions as now pro-
vided by law, from and after the date when this act
shall go into effect, be, and the same is hereby, abol-
ished, and that all acts and parts of acts in conflict
with tho provisions of this act are hereby repealed.
SKC. 13. And be it further enacted. That this act shall
take effect and be inforoe from and after the 1st day
of January, 1871.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I offer
this as a substitute for the first six sections of
the bill of the committee. The other sections
of the bill of the committee contain provisions
iu reference to other matters. I desire to ask
a parliamentary question. If my substitute be
adopted and the bill is then ordered to a third
reading, will it not be in order for me to move
to recommit the bill so it may be perfected?
The SPEAKER. The previous question,
which now operates, will be exhausted on
ordering the bill to be engrossed and read a
third time. The motion to recommit will then
be in order; but the Chair will have to recog-
nize the gentleman from Missouri, who has
charge of the bill.
Mr. RANDALL. I demand the yeas and
nays. I wish to test the question between those
who wish to abolish the pension agents and
those who wish to continue them.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
22, noes 91.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. BENJAMIN demanded the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. BENJAMIN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOHN C. ABERCROMBIE.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported back a bill (S. No.
759) granting a pension to John C. Abercrom-
bie, with the recommendation that it do pass.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of John C. Abercrombie,
late lieutenant colonel eleventh regiment Iowa
infantry volunteers, upon the pension-roll at
the rate of thirty dollars per month, from and
after the date of the passage of this act.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. BENJAMIN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MINOR CHILDREN OF SYLVESTER DREYER.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the same committee,
also reported back a bill (S. No. 540) for the
relief of the minor children of Sylvester Dreyer,
with the recommendation that it do pass.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to transfer the pension granted to Catherine
Dreyer, widow of Sylvester Dreyer, late pri-
vate company II, tenth regiment Minnesota
volunteers, by an act approved March 1, 1809,
to the minor children of the same, subject to
the provisions of the pension laws.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. BENJAMIN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REBECCA SCHUMAKER.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the same committee,
also reported back a bill (S. No. 846) granting
a pension to Rebecca Schumaker, with an
amendment.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of Rebecca Schumaker,
widow of Absalom Schumaker, late a private
in company I, twenty-first regiment Ohio vol-
unteers, on the pension-roll of the United
States, and pay her a pension at the rate of
eight dollars a month, commencing the 7th of
June, 1862.
The amendment of the committee was to
strike out "commencing the 7th of June,
1862," and insert "during her widowhood,
from and after the passage of this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a thii-d
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BENJAMIN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOIIN COONAN.
Mr. BENJAMIN also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back the bill (S. No. 865)
increasing the pension of John Coonan, with
the recommendation that it do pass.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Interior to increase the
pension of John Coonan, late sergeant in com-
pany A, eighteenth regiment of New York cav-
alry, from eight to fifteen dollars per month,
from the date of the passage of this act.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time)
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. BENJAMIN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to,
WILLIAM B. LOONEY.
Mr. BENJAMIN also, from the same com-
i raittee, reported back the bill (S. No. 147)
i granting a pension to William B. Looney, of
' Alabama, with an amendment.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place on the pension-roll, subject to the pro-
visions and limitations of the pension laws, the
name of William B. Looney, of Alabama, late
a scout in the service of the United States, and
to pay him at the rate of eight dollars a month,
to commence on the 8th day of May, 1865.
The amendment reported by the committee
was to strike out the words '' on the 8th day
of May, 1865," and to insert in lieu thereof,
after the word " month," the words "from
and after the passage of this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, a8 amended, was ordered to be read
a third time ; and it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. BENJAMIN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
