2486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
no opposition, and will enable us to pass this
resolution without objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Michigan yield for that purpose ?
Mr. HOWARD. If the measure to which
the honorable Senator refers is not going to
occupy much time in debate I. shall have no
objection to this present bill being laid aside
informally for the purpose of discussing it and
passing it; but if it is likely to occupy much
time I am unwilling to yield.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think it will
occupy much time. At any rate I can make
a motion to lay it aside hereafter if it does.
I do not think it will. My impression is that
it will pass without objection. I have sub-
mitted it to several Senators who were opposed
to the resolution as it stood, and I think it will
be acted upon promptly.
Mr. HOWARD. I have a fear that it will
occupy this day and perhaps to-morrow and a
third day in the discussion. I do not like,
therefore, to postpone this measure for such a
purpose-
Mr. SHERMAN. I state to the Senator that
in my opinion it will not, and he can call up
his bill at any time. I have no objection to
letting this matter pass over informally, subject
to call.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well; and if it leads
to protracted debate I shall be obliged to inter-
pose and ask the Senate to resume the consid-
eration of the Northern Pacific railroad reso-
lution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The joint
resolution now before the Senate will be laid
aside informally, subject to a call for the regu-
lar order.
INCOME TAX.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 120) declaratory of the mean-
ing and intention of tjje law relating to income
tax.
My. SHERMAN. I now report an amend-
ment, or rather a substitute, for the report
heretofore made, which I send to the desk.
Let the resolution as passed by the House be
read, and then the amendment.
The Secretary read the joint resolution; as
follows:
He, it resolved, d-c., That whereas doubts have
arisen, and conflicting decisions been made in tlio
different Departments of tho Government in regard
to the construction of tho laws relating to tax on
incomcs, it is hereby doclared to bo tho true intent
and meaning of the acts relating to that subject, that
all persons aro liable to tho payment of their proper
income tax accruing and to accrue, for and during,
and up to tho end of tho year 1870; and that tho
assessment and collection of any such tax accruing
in tho year 1870, and remaining unpaid on tho 1st
day of January, 1871, may, under tko existing pro-
visions of law, be made in the said last-mentioned
year.
The Secretary. The amendment of the
Committee on Finance is in lines live and six
to strike out the words '' tax on incomes "and
insert "taxes on salaries and dividends," and
in line seven to strike out all after the word
"that" and to insert 
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest that the Secre-
tary read the resolution as it will stand as pro-
posed to be amended, and then the Senate will
see precisely how it will stand.
Mr. CONKLING. That is the better way,
and then everybody will understand it.
The Secretary. The amendment of the
Committee on Finance is to amend the resolu-
tion so as to make it read:
That whereas doubts have arisen and conflicting
decisions been made in the different Departmentsof
the Government in regard to the construction of tho
laws relating to tho taxes on salaries and dividends,
it is hereby declared to bo the true intent and mean-
ing of the acts relating to that subject that all such
taxes shall bo held to continue for and during tho
year 1870, and shall be collected in the mode provided
for in section one hundred and twenty to section one
hundred and twenty-three inclusive, of the act to
provide internal revenue.
Mr. SHERMAN. Perhaps with a brief
statement I can make the matter clear, and
show the precise position of the Committee
on Finance. As the resolution came to us from
the House of Representatives it declared that
the tax on personal income for the year 1870
should bo collected in 1871; in other words, it
extended the tax on personal income one year,
and declared that the tax on dividends and
salaries should also be extended in the same
way. The Committee on Finance were of the
opinion that it would bo necessary to continue
the income tax for this year and perhaps for
next year; but to avoid a long discussion
on the subject as we believed the discussion
of the subject was now premature and would
come up in better form on the internal reve-
nue bill, wc propose merely to meet the exi-
gency under which the Department now rests.
Dispute has ariseu as to the tax on dividends
and salaries for the current year 1870. This
amendment provides that the tax on dividends
and salaries for the current year shall be con-
tinued. As a matter of course the tax on the
personal incomes of last year is being collected
this year. There is no controversy about thai.
The only controversy which embarrasses the
Treasury Department is the collection of taxes
on dividends and salaries. These are con-
tinued for this year. That is tho whole effect
of this proposition. It substantially tides over
the general discussion of the income tax until
we get tho revenue bill from the House ol'
Representatives. 1 liavo submitted this prop-
osition to several Senators who 1 knew were
opposed to the continuance of the income tax,
and they are satisfied with it.
Mr. SCOTT. The modification now pro-
posed by the Committee on Finance narrows
the question so much that we have only before
us the propriety of continuing the income tax
on salaries and dividends during tho present
year. I do not rise for the purpose of making
any opposition to that at present. The officers
of the Government, under the advice of the
Attorney General, having directed the retention
of the income tax upon salariesand dividends,
and, as I understand, upon the interest on cor-
porate bonds and on coupens, and the Govern-
ment having acted upon that opinion, so as to
froceed since January last in collecting that,
suppose it is but right that the difficulty should
be solved and the question settled; and 1 do
not feel like rising now to make any opposition
to this resolution, legalizing what has already
been done, however it might have been open
to question originally. There is, however, one
feature of this income tax upon dividends which
I think even now for the coming year ought to
be remedied; and Iriseforthepurposoofolfer-
mg an amendment to accomplish that purpose,
hoping, however, that it willnotgive rise to any
extended debate, for I do not intend to go into
any extended debate on the general question
myself.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is not now in order.
Mr. SCOTT. • It would be in order as an
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. Tho amendment of the
committee had better be adopted first, and then
the Senator can offer his as an addition after-
ward.
Mr. SUMNER. What is the amendment of
the Senator from Pennsylvania ?
Mr. SCOTT. I wish to call attention to it,
and I will read it for information when I have
stated the reason why I offer it. The income
tax law professes to exempt all incomes to the
extent of $1,000 from taxation. Practically, it
docs not do that, for the reason that it directs
the officers of corporations and of banks where
dividends are declared and where interest is
paid to retain from all persons entitled to those
dividends and entitled to that interest five per
cent, upon the interest or upon the dividends.
Now, it is well known that in many corpora-
tions and iu many banks the individual stock-
holders are poor. The idea has been dissem-
inated that this income tax upon dividends
and ujion interest is paid by the corporations,
but it is really paid by the stockholders or by
the individual bondholders. The consequence
is, that in many cases where investments have
beeu made for the purpose of raising an annu-
ity for a widow or for children, where the annu-
ity does not exceed four or five hundred dollars,
when the coupons upon corporate bonds are
presented, or when that widow or the guard-
ian of those children presents her or himself
at the bank to receive her or hisdividends, tho
five per cent, is taken out of that $500 annuity,
$300, or $700, as the case may be; and thu.-i
the very class who are least able to bear that
taxation are compelled to pay the tax, although
nominally the law exempts all incomes to the
extent of $1,000. For the purpose of obvi-
ating that difficulty I offer this amendment. I
will read it for information, as there may be a
question as to whether it is in order at tho
present time :
Provided, That if any person holding, cither in his
or her own lisht, or as guardian, trustee, oxecutor,
or administrator, or in any fiduciary capacity, any
stock, policies, deposits, bonds, or other evidences
of indebtedness, upon tho dividends, undistributed
sums, interest, or coupons, of which a tax is directed
to he levied, collected, and paid by the officers of
corporations, shall and do dedaro under oath or
affirmation before tho assessor ov assistant assessoi
of tho district in which he or she resides, in such
form as shall bo prescribed by tho Commissioner of
Internal ltevenuo, that he, she, his, or her ward or
beneficiary is not possessed of an incomc of $],000
liabio to bo assessed under tho provisions of said
sections; and if the assessor or assistaut assessor
shall bo satisfied of tlio truth of such declaration, he
shall deliver a certificate to that effect to such party
or trusteo, the production of which certificate to the
officers lequircd to collect sueli Lax, and its deposit
with them, shall exempt such dividends, undistrib-
uted sums, interest, or coupons from said tax, and
they shall bo pn.id to the party entitled thereto with-
out deduction of tax."
This, it will be observed, is confined entirely
to the question of dividends and interest cou-
pons, and as salaries are not embraced in this
proviso, as they arc not taxed unless they do
amount to $1,000, I think the justice of this
amendment is so manifest that there will be no
hesitation in adopting it. Tf it is not in order
now I will withhold it until the vote is taken on
the amendment of the Senator from Ohio.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will suggest that it be withheld until the vote
be taken on the substitute reported by the Com-
mittee on Finance.
J\Ir. SCOTT. Very well, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 shall make no opposition
to the amendment of the Committee on Finance.
As I understand it it is to relieve the Depart-
ment from a di0icnlty which has arisen iu the
interpretation of a statute ; but I desire to say
now, and I lake this earliest opportunity, that
I think the income tax ought not to be con-
tinued any longer.
Mr. CONKLING. Reestablished, you mean.
Mr. StJMNKR. Very well; I accept the
amendment of the Senator from New York; it
ought not to bo reestablished.
Mr. SCOTT. It has expired.
Mr. SUMNER. It has expired. There
was an understanding when it was established
that it should live only into the year 1870. It
has now reached its natural death, and no res-
urrection ought to operate upon it. An income
tax is a war tax. It ought not to be made a
peace tax. ''The medicine of the Constitu-
tion should not become its daily bread." I
am against the continuance of this tax; and
if the occasion required it I would go forward
and assign reasons. But I am unwilling now
to enter into any general discussion of the
question, as it is not directly presented by the
proposition before the Senate; but I hope the
Senator from Ohio who has charge of this bill,
and who as chairman of the Finance Committee
will bear in mind the radical objection to any
reestablishment of this tax, will also bear iu
mind another important proposition, that the
taxes of the country must be reduced. I have
already, on another occasion, and more than
once, said "Down with the taxes," and I repeat
that cry now, "Down with the taxes;" and we
cannot do better than to begin with a tax which
is inequitable in its operation, and which,
