1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1543
that the paper is a genuine document; and
if the Clerk will have the goodness to send it
to me I will say a word further about it. I
have the document now; it reads as follows:
Exccctive Department, State op Mississippi,
Jackson, Mississippi, January^), 1870.
I. Adelbert Aincs, Brevet Major General United
States Army, provisional governor of the State of
Mississippi* do hereby certify that Hon. II. R. Revels
was elected United States Senator by the Legislature
of this State on the 20th day of January, 1870, for the
nncipired term which commenced on the 4th day of
Marco, 1865, and which will end on the 4th day of
March, 1871.
In testimony whereof, Ihave hereunto set my hand,
and eaused the great seal of the State of Mis-
[L.S.] sissippi to be affixed, this 25th day of January,
18j0.
ADELBERT AMES.
Brevet Major General United State  Army,
J'rovinional Governor of Mitritrippi.
By the Governor: JAMES LYNCH,
Secretary of State.
Now, sir, it is not very probable that Gen-
eral Ames has assumed to himself the charac-
ter of provisional governor of Mississippi. It
is not very probable, let me say, that ne has
taken upon himself to sign the credentials of
Mr. Revels as such provisional governor unless
he was, in fact, in the discharge of those func-
tions. We find him in possession of the great
seal of Mississippi, which he says in his cer-
tificate he has affixed to the certificate itself.
But, sir, it is objected that a provisional
governor, acting as such under the reconstruc-
tion acts of Congress, is not the proper gov-
ernor by whom such a certificate is to be
signed under the act of 1866. Why not?
What other governor is there in Mississippi
except the provisional governor appointed by
the military commandant of the district, and
in the execution of his duty under the laws
which we have passed here? He is the Gov-
ernor of Mississippi in contemplation of the
acts of Congress. He is to do and has done
all acts as Governor of the inchoate State oi
Mississippi which we have authorized him to
do, and we are bound to recognize his acts
and his signature to this certificate—bound
upon the principles of the common law. We
cannot deny that this is an officer appointed
under our authority. We are obliged to take
notice of the fact that he is such provisional
governor. No other person could exercise the
functions of Governor of the State of Missis-
sippi until it shall have been formally^ and
regularly readmitted to representation in the
two Honses of Congress. The Governor-elect
of that State has nothing to do, has no con-
nection with the functions of Governor of the
State until the State is admitted to representa-
tion.
It is suggested to me by a friend that we
can recognize the official character of General
Ames by public repute. We do not need to
resort to public repute. He is our officer, ap-
pointed under our laws and in accordance with
our laws, and we are obliged as a court of jus-
tice—and we are sitting in some sort as a court
of justice—to recognize the verity of the sig-
nature and seal which he has affixed to the
instrument. We are bound by his act. The
other Governor-elect has nothing to do with
the executive functions, as I remarked before,
until the State has been readmitted to repre-
sentation in Congress. So far as we are con-
cerned he has no official character as jeL and
the only legal Governor of the State of Missis-
sippi is General Ames, who hascertified, as he
was required to do under the act of 1866, that
Mr. Revels has been elected a United States
Senator. There is no pretense of any falsifi-
cation. The honorable Senator from Delaware
has not gone so far as to charge upon General
Ames that he has forged a certificate. He
only assumes—not a very modest assumption,
let me say—that General Ames is not the pro-
visional governor of Mississippi, because the
Senate has not seen fit to furnish him, the hon-
orable Senator from Delaware, with the docu-
mentary proof to prove the fact from the execu-
tive offices!
Well, sir, this is merely sticking in the bark.
This does not go home to the merits of the
question. The question itself before us is
whether there is such a Legislature as the
senate and house of representatives of the
State of Mississippi. We know there is. We
have made it by our laws.
The next question is whether Mr. Revels
has been elected by those two branches of the
Legislature of Mississippi a Senator in Con-
gress. Our own officer, acting, under our own
laws, has certified to us that such is the case.
Can we longer hesitate upon the matter of fact
as to the election of Mr. Revels? Of what use
would a reference of these questions be to the
Committee on the Judiciary ? None whatever;
for no one questions the facts.
Sir, I do not accuse the honorable Senator
from Delaware, or any one else on this floor,
of resorting to pettifogging arts) but he will
pardon me for saying that I think the point he
here makes is hardly worthy the grave consid-
eration he has bestowed upon it.
Then, another objection is raised to Mr.
Revels, that he is of African descent, and is
not therefore a citizen of the United States, or
that he has not been a citizen of the United
States for nine years past, as required by the
Constitution. Sir, I regard this objection as
equally frivolous. It is not denied that Revels
is a native-born inhabitant of the United States.
It is not pretended that he was ever even
a slave. He was born as free as you or I.
Whether he was born in a free State I do not
know, nor is it material to inquire; but I hold
that in the sense of the Constitution every per-
son born free Vithin the limits of a State, not
connected with a foreign minister's family, is
born a citizen of the United States, whether he
be white or black. Nativity imparts citizen-
ship in all countries; and that is sufficient for
my purpose. I carry this doctrine without
hesitation so far as to assert that even a black
man born a slave shall, so far as citizenship
is concerned in this country, be held to have
been a citizen from his birth. He always owed
allegiance to the United States, and citizen-
ship and allegiance are correlative terms.
1 sliall-not go into that recondite inquiry as
to the political status of a black man under the
Dred Scott decision. I am nauseated with the
arguments and objections springing out of that
decision. It was a decision that never ought
to have been made. It doomed to slavery, at
least to perpetual political inferiority, a race
resident in this country at the time it was pro-
nounced,. and numbering nearly four million
people. It was a partisan, political decision,
the purpose of which was to establish by judi-
cial decision and determination in these Uni-
ted States for all time to come the legality, the
rightfulness, and even the piety of slavery.
As my friend from Nevada [Mr. Nye] very
properly remarked yesterday, that decision has
sunk into oblivion; or, if not into oblivion, it
has sunk into eternal derision and contempt.
The comment made upon that great wrongful
judicial decision is to be seen in the dreadful
war through which we have passed, the death
of three hundred thousand of our countrymen—
yes, sir, five hundred thousand, counting the
slain on both sides—and the overwhelming
indebtedness under which we are now strug-
gling. But, sir, it has led also to another
result. It has led to the complete emancipa-
tion of the entire black race and to their restor-
ation to their lost rights as citizens of the U nited
States. Instead of effecting its great object,
that decision was but the precursor of the pres-
ent triumphant position in which the freedom-
loving people of the United States find them-
selves. The great years have rolled around.
The great principle of retributive justice has
finally presented itself before us here at this
moment, and the seat in this body once occu-
pied by the leader of the slave-holders' rebel-
lion is now to be taken by a member of that
despised race for the perpetual enslavement
of which that war was waged, and for the per-
petual enslavement of which that distinguished
rebel vacated his seat here. Sir, there is some-
thing in this circumstance that should lead the
lover of freedom, of true democratic principles,
to rejoice with exceeding joy. It presents one
of the most striking epochs in our history.
Now, sir, Mr. Revels, by the action of Con-
gress, is a citizen of the United States. Shall
we stand by our own legislation; shall we say
to him," You are a citizen of the Un ited States;
you have been properly elected a Senator of
the United States, and we now welcome you
to this body as one of the representatives of
the State of Mississippi;" or shall we adopt
the principles of the Dred Scott decision and
say to him, "You shall not represent the peo-
ple of Mississippi here, because you are of
African descent; because those principles de-
clare that you are not a citizen of the United
States, and therefore we will reject you?"
This is all I have to say. I hope we shall
admit him to his seat, and save the farther
waste of the Senate's time.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I only
wish to say a word or two upon this question.
Assuming the ground taken by those who object
to the credentials of Mr. Revels, and adopting
the Dred Scott decision as authority, 1 then
maintain that the objections not well founded.
Any one who will take pains to examine the
Dred Scott decision will find that the plea in
abatement in that case, upon which the ques-
tion was decided, averred that Dred Scott was
'' a negro of African descent;'' that "his ances-
tors were of pnre African blood, and were
brought into this country and sold as negro
slaves." And Chief Justice Taney, in deciding
the question in that case, confined the decision
exclusively to those persons who were "de-
scendants of Africans who were imported into
this country and sold as slaves."
Now, assuming the facts as stated in that
plea and the decision upon those facts to be
correct, and how does it apply to Mr. Revels?
Is there any evidence before the Senate that his
ancestors were ever sold as slaves in the United
States? Is there any evidence that his ances-
tors were negroes of pure blood, as in the case
of Dred Scott? On the contrary, if we are
allowed to judge from our own observation, it
appears here, and has been assumed in the
discussion, that Mr. Revels is a person with
a large preponderance of white blood in his
veins; so that it must necessarily be that some
of his ancestors were not slaves, and were never
sold as such in this country.
All the decisions I have ever read referring
to the question as to who are and who are not
persons of color go upon the ground that per-
sons in whom the white blood preponderates
are not persons of color, and where the black
blood preponderates they are persons of color;
and so where the white blood preponderates
the persons have always been citizens. Take
a person in the United States with one fourth
black blood in his veins, and from his birth he
is as much a citizen of the United States under
the decisions of the courts as though his veins
were filled with pure white blood. Is not that
the case so far as Mr. Revels is concerned?
Is there, therefore, upon this authority any
ground for objection to these credentials ? Inde-
pendent of the constitutional amendment and
the civil rights bill, I claim that upon the author-
ity of the Dred Scott decision and the uniform
authorities upon this question, Mr. Revels, as
he presents himself to the Senate of the Uni-
ted States, and as seen by the Senate, is and
has always been from his birth a citizen of
the United States. If so, then there is nothing
in the objection which is taken.
Mr. STEWART. Allow me a moment to
make a suggestion to the Senator from Oregon.
I would prefer to put this action on the ground
that it is overruling the Dred Scott decision
squarely, in my judgment.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I presume we had better
take the facts as they exist, and not assume
anything.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
