4376
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
this appropriation, and I think tho House must
be satisfied, as I am, that the amount is not
excessive. The reason of this amendment I
will explain. A specific appropriation was
made several years ago for the improvement
of the river between Knoxville and Chatta-
nooga; the work was Commenced and was
left in an incomplete condition by the giving
out of the appropriation. Other works have
been- carried on below Chattanooga under
another appropriation. The object of my
amendment is to provide that this appropria-
tion shall be applied to the carrying on of both
of these works. I believe there is no objec-
tion to it.
Mr. A&NELL. I move to amend the amend-
ment so as to provide that half the appropria-
tion shall be expended above Muscle shoals
and half below.
Mr. MAYNARD. I think we had better
leave that to the engineer department.
Mr. STOKES, i hope my colleague [Mr.
Arxell] will not insist on that amendment.
There is no work going on at the shoals. The
work is being carried on below the shoals and
above the shoals up to Chattanooga, and what
the superintendent desires is that the $80,000
shall be expended above and below Chatta-
nooga. They will now have money enough on
hand for the work above and below the shoals
during the next fiscal year. The amendment
offered by my colleague [Mr. Maynat!d] is a
proper amendment to be put in the bill.
Mr. CONGER. I think the engineers are
better capable of determining where appro-
priations which we make should be expended
than are gentlemen of this House, unless they
have given very careful attention to the reports
and are very familiar with the subject. I call
the attention of this Committee of the Whole
lo this fact: there is a recommendation of the
engineer department for a very large amount
to be appropriated—I think nearly half a mil-
lion dollars—for a canal at Muscle shoals. In
course of time that improvement will unques-
tionably be provided for by Congress. But it
was not thought desirable either by the en-
gineers or by the Committee on Commerce,
nor do I suppose it will be thought by this
House desirable to make au appropriation to
commenee this work at this time. There is
on hand now a balance unexpended of appro-
priations already made for improvement of
the Tennessee river, enough, with the amount
which the committee now recommend to be
"appropriated, for carrying on the work during
this year. There is no necessity for increasing
the amount, for there will be on the 30th of
June $68,000 of former appropriations unex-
pended. That amount, with the $40,000 which
the committee has put in this bill, is all the
engineers say can be properly expended on
that river outside of the improvement of the
Muscle shoals. It was only by the special
recommendation of the engineers, and by the
consultation of a sub-committee with them,
that the Committee on Commerce put on this
$40,000 at all.
There has been heretofore appropriated for
this same work the sum of $175,000, and there
is now $68,000 left of it unexpended. I sub-
mit to the Committee of the Whole that it was
not judicious to depart from the recommenda-
tion of the Committee on Commerce, and add
$40,000 more than the highest estimates of the
engineers have called for. And I would say
to the members from Tennessee that if they
now insist upon appropriations of money in
advance, when former appropriations have not
yet been expended, when they come here next
winter and ask, as the vanguard appropriation
for the improvement of Muscle shoals, for two
or three hundred thousand dollars, it would not
look well for them to have asked for $40,000
to lie idle.
I have favored appropriations for the im-
provement of all great rivers, for all great
public improvements, whether East or West,
in preference to any improvement of merely
local importance, whether in my own State or
in any other State. But I do think the appro-
priations now asked for are injudicious, and
that they will react on our friends from Ten-
nessee in future when they ask for other appro-
priations.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ARNELL. Asl understand the amend-
ment of my colleague [Mr. Maynard] as
explained by him, it is to provide for the ex-
penditure of this money above and below Chat-
tanooga. I desired that some of this money
should be expended oil each side of Chatta-
nooga, and as my colleague's amendment
accomplishes that purpose, I will Withdraw my
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. MAYNABD. The object 1 had in view
in moving my amendment was to indicate to
the engineer department that neither the
works above nor the works below Chattanooga
were to be discontinued.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Maynard, to add to the paragraph
the words "to be expended above and below
Chattanooga;" and it was agreed to.
Mr. PROSSER. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the paragraph just amended the fol-
lowing:
ror a preliminary survey of the Cumberland river
from its mouth to the head o£ navigation, $5,000.
Mr. SAWYER. That amendment is not in
order here; it will be in order to the next sec-
tion relating to surveys.
Mr. PROSSER. Then I will withdraw the
amendment for the present.
The Clerk read as follows:
For improv ement of the Susquehanna river, $12,000.
Mr. RANDALL. I would inquire what part
of the Susquehanna river is to be improved by
the expenditure of this amount of money V
Mr. SAWYER. At or near the mouth of
the river; at the breakwater.
Mr. RANDALL. 1 heard some days ago
that it was to be expended at the mouth of the
river. I wish to say that I do not think any-
body who knows anything about the subject
will pretend that such a work would be of any
national importance .whatever. I believe this
appropriation is for dredging at the mouth of
the river—a work which is purely in the inter-
ests of a railroad company; and the money
for that work should, in my judgment, be ex-
pended by that company, not by the Govern-
ment. I move to strike out the paragraph,
and I hope the motion will be agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER. If the Pennsylvania men
do not want this appropriation the committee
is not disposed to urge it.
Mr. RANDALL. I am going to vote against
this bill, and I think that if any considerable
number of the items were inserted on no better
grounds than those upon which this rests the
propriety of rejecting the measure must bo
apparent.
Mr. Randall's amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
i'or enlargement of harbor facilities at Chicago,
Illinois, according to the plans of the engineer de-
partment, 4100,000.
Mr. AXTELL. I move to amend by adding
after the paragraph just read the following:
Tor a breakwater at Wilmington harbor, on the
coast of California, $350,000.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I raise the point of order
that this amendment is not in accordance with
existing law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. LOGAN. I move to amend by adding
to the paragraph just read the following :
For improving the mouth of Calumot river for a
harbor of refuge or outer harbor to Chicago, $50,000.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Upon this amendment
I make the same point of order that I raised
upon the amendment of the gentleman from
California, [Mr. Axtell.]
Mr. LOGAN. What is the point?
Mr. BENJAMIN. That the amendment is
not authorized by any existing law.
Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman is very much
mistaken.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Logan] will please' refer to the
law in pursuance of which this amendment is
offered;
Mr. LOGAN. Well, sir, I will_ state to the
Chair that many of the appropriations in this
bill are not authorized by existing la.w.
Mr. BENJAMIN. But they come from the
committee.
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly they coine from
the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. They were reported in
the bill; and the right to raise points of order
upon the bill was not reserved.
Mr. LOGAN. This improvement at the
mouth of Calumet river -
Mr. BENJAMIN. I insist on my point of
order.
Mr. LOGAN. Very well; if the gentleman
will take his seat, and let me get through, this
point of order can be decided.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair-will hear the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan] on the
.question of order. The gentleman will show,
if he can, that the amendment is authorized by
existing law.
Mr. LOGAN. I will state to the Chair that
years ago an appropriation, the amount of
which I do not recollect, but which was some-
thing like $75,000, was made for this object,
and a light-house was built at the mouth of
Calumet river for the purpose of making there
a harbor of refuge. If the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Benjamin] and the members of
the Committee on Commerce, as well as the
House, will listen to me for a few moments, I
shall be able to show the absolute necessity
of the appropriation I now propose. When I
have explained the proposition I do not believe
a single member of the committee will oppose it.
All the harbor-masters as well as the ship-
owners in Chicago have petitioned for an appro-
priation of this kind. No person who hasvisited
Chicago and observed the harbor there can fail
to remember the fact that above the Chicago
river a point of land makes out on which the
light-house stands. This point extends some
distance into the lake. In severe storms when
a vessel passes this point under way, it is im-
possible for it to swing round and enter the
Chicago river. As is well known to the gentle-
man [Mr. Judd] who represents that district,
many vessels have been lost there within the
last year or two from this very reason, that
there is no harbor of refuge, and after pass-
ing the light-house it is impossible in a storm
for a vessel to swing round and enter the river.
The gentleman from Arkansas, [Mr. Rogers,]
who lived for a while at Chicago, can confirm
the statement which I now make. The Calu-
met river, some twelve miles below that point,
is capable of being formed into a splendid
harbor of refuge. The intention is to cut it
through to the Chicago river and make a har-
bor encircling the city. The expenditure of
the amount which I have proposed, $50,000,
would make a secure harbor of refuge at that
point. The Calumet river is navigable for some
distance up, and by increasing the depth of
water for some two or three hundred yards a
secure harbor will be afforded.
For these statements which I now make I
have tne authority of every one at all convers-
ant with the subject. I know this knowledge
is not to be acquired in a moment by members
who are listening to me; but all those who are
conversant with the city of Chicago know what
I have stated to be entirely true. I ask the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce and
I ask this House that they shall interpose no
objection to making an appropriation of the
amount I have indicated I'or Calumet river,
because it will be a great benefit to the com-
merce of the country, as it is necessary for the
preservation of the life of our citizens.
I will state further, for the benefit of the gen-
i tleman from Missouri—-
