3432
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
The bill was ordered to be engrotted and
read a third time; aud being engrossed, it w&a
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BENJAMIN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that tho motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MUS. ANNIE L. IIAYES.
Mr. BENJAMIN also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back, with a recommendation
that the same do pass, a bill (II. 11. No. 1062)
to iuccease the pension of Mrs. Annie L. Hayes,
widow of Brigadier General Alexander Hayes,
who was killed in the battle of the Wilderness,
May 5, 1864.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
pension of Mrs. Annie L. Hayes, widow of
Brigadier General Alexander Hayes, late of
the United States Army, volunteers, who was
killed in the battle of the Wilderness on the
6th of May, 1864, shall be increased to fifty
dollars per month, commencing from the date
of the death of her said husband.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read athird time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BENJAMIN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOSEPH DAMSON.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am directed by the
Committee on Invalid Pensions to report back
the bill (H. R. No. 1418) granting a pension
to Joseph Damson, of Virginia, and to move
that the committee be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
BOUNTY.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am also directed by
the Committee on Invalid Pensions to report
back the petition of William Vann, of Charles-
ton, Sonth Carolina, and the petition of vol-
unteers for an amendment of the act in relation
to bounties, and to move that the committee
be discharged from their farther consideration,
and that the same be referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
The motion wa3 agreed to.
JOHN C. ABBRCROMBIB.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am also directed by the
same committee to move that they be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
bill (H. B. No. 1229) granting a pension to
John C. Abercrombie, late lieutenant colonel
eleventh regiment Iowa infantry volunteers,
and that it be laid on the table. A Senate bill
for the relief of the same person has just been
passed.
The motion was agreed to.
CHANGE OF REFERENCE.
On motion of Mr. BENJAMIN, the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions was discharged
from the further consideration of the following;
and the same were referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions and War of 1812:
The petition of the widow of Joseph Mc-
Manus, praying for a pension on account of
the services of her late husband as a lieutenant
of the Tennessee militia in the war of 1812;
and
Papers in the case of John Brower, asking
a pension for services in the war of 1812.
ARREARS OF PENSION, ETC.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Committee on In-
valid Pensions have directed me to report back
the two or three hundred bills which I send to
the Clfrk's desk, and to move that the com-
mittee be discharged from their further con-
tideralion. Tho cases are covered by the pro-
visions of tho general bill which has been passed
this evening. The great majority of the bills
propose to allow arrears of pension in cases
where parties failed to mako application within
tho five years allowed by law. The bill passed
by the House extends the time to ten years.
;! The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
tho Committee will be discharged from the
consideration of the bills, and they will be laid
on the table.
There was no objection.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. BENTON, from the same committee,
reported adversely upon the following; which
were laid on the table:
A bill (H. R. No. 648) granting a pension
to Ursiaa Fletch; and
Papers in the case of Maria Pratt, of Greene
county, Pennsylvania.
IIOKACB OLOUGII.
Mr. BENTON also, from the same -com-
mittee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 1996) grant-
ing a pension to Horace Clough; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior ■
to place on the pension-roll, subject to the pro-
visions and limitations of the pension laws, the
name of Horace Clough, late a private in com-
pany D, sixth New Hampshire volunteers, and
to pay him a pension from and after the passage
of the act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BENTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MINNIE IIESSE.
Mr. BENTON, from the same committee,
also reported abill(H. li. No. 1997) granting a
pension to Minnie Hesse; which was read a
i first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
; to place on the pension-roll, subject to tho
! provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
j the name of Minnie Hesse, widow of Fred-
erick T. Hesse, late sergeant of company II,
! one hundred and twenty-ninth Illinois volun-
| teers, and to pay her a pension from and after
! the passage.of this act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
i read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
| accordingly read the third time, and passed,
j | Mr. BEATON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
! that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
| BETSEY ARI.IN,
i Mr. BENTON, from the same committee,
| also reported a bill (H. R. No. 1998) granting
a pension to Betsey Arlin ; which was read a
first and second time.
i The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
upon the pension-roll, subject to the provisions
and limitations of the pension laws, the name
of Betsey Arlin, mother of John Arlin, late
private in company G, sixty-first Massachusetts
volunteers, from and after the passage of this
act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed. |
Mr. BENTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved J
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the i
table.
The latter motion was agreed to. j
MARIA PRATT. j
Mr. BENTON, from the same committee, i
also reported a bill (H. R. No. 1999) granting j
a pension to Maria Pratt; which was read a \
first and second timo. ,j
The bill, which was road, authorizes and
directs tho Secretary of the Interior to place
itpon the pension-roll, subject to the provisions
and limitations of tho pension laws, the name
of Maria Pratt, mother of George W. M. Pratt,
late a private of company I, sixth Iowa infan-
try, from and after the passage of this act.
Mr. DONLEY. I move to strike out the
words "from and ;>fter the passage of this
act," and to provide that this pension shall
commenco on tho 2otli day of November, 18G3.
I do so in justice to a poor woman who gave up
both husband and son during the lato war.
Mr. BENTON. I do not agree to this
amendment; but I have conseuted to allow
the gentleman from Pennsylvania to offer it.
Mr. DONLEY. This poor woman gave up
both husband and son to the country and she
deserves some recompense from the Govern;
ment. If the members of the House under-
stand the facts of the case I am sure they will
make no objection to the adoption of the
amendment. This is a case of peculiar hard-
ship.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I should
like to hear the report read.
Mr. DONLEY. This bill gives her a pen-
sion of eight dollars a month from and after
the passage of this act.
It appears from the report of the commit-
tee, which was read, that Maria Pratt was a
widow at the time her son George W. M. Pratt
was killed at the battle of Missionary Ridge,
in Tennessee, November 25, 1863. She was
the mother of four children, and was, and is
still, in indigent circumstances. Her son when
killed was only twenty years of age. He was
a good soldier and a dutiful son. His mother
relied on him mainly for support.
Mr. DONLEY. As I have said, this is a
case of peculiar hardship. In 1861 the eldest
son of this widow enlisted in the sixth Iowa
infantry. In 1862 her husband, who had been
giving all his time to the sick and wounded
soldiers in the hospitals at St. Louis and other
points, received a letter from a colonel of an
Iowa regiment, asking him to come to the
front where he would be commissioned as the
chaplain of the regiment. He started with let-
ters of recommendation from Governor Kirk-
wood and others, but was murdered at Helena,
Arkansas. In a week he would have been
commissioned as chaplain and entitled to a
pension as having been killed in the service.
The son was killed on the 2oth of November,
1863, at the battle of Missionary Ridge. This
widow is poor and in indigent circumstances,
as the committee reports. I know this to be
the fact of my own knowledge. For the reason
I have given she has been for years asking for
a pension. Her claim was in the pension de-
partment before the five years had expired;
but through some technical or other defect she
has failed to obtain a pension. She has been
out in Iowa among strangers, no one outside
of the family being able to prove that her son
was her main support after the death of her
husband.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have no doubt that
the facts in the case are as stated by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania; but the House will
remember that every bill passed to-night has
been in the same shape as this one was reported
from the committee. The committee have uni-
formly reported these bills—not only every one
we have reported to-night, but every one we
have reported prior to this time—to take effect
from and after the passage of the act. It seems
right that a uniform rule in this respect should
apply to all cases, and the committee accord-
ingly have adopted a uniform rule. It would
be unjust to numerous other parties, who could
present claims equally equitable with this, to
make this an exceptional case.
Mr. BENTON. Mr. Speaker, I have ex-
amined the papers in this case with great care,
and I think I am b tter acquainted with tho
facts than any other gentleman here, except
the gentloman from Pennsylvania, who is in-
