23 2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
is but one criminal act in the law from which
malice is implied, and that is murder. In all
other crimes malice has to be proved ; the
intent has to be shown from some act or facts
accompanying it. If this clause of the bill had
rested in the general language employed by the
statute read by the Senator from Vermont there
woutd be very little objection to it. Although
even then I should deem it more safe for the
purposes of .justice and humanity to insert the
express words.
'.But here, Mr. President, you will observe
and Senators will observe that in employing
the words "voluntary or involuntary," as con-
tradistinguished from each other, there is no
room left for construction. You are compelled
to hold a man who gave aid or comfort to the
confederacy under the pressure of circum-
stances which it was not in his power to avoid
just as guilty as a man who was foremost in
forwarding the war. Now, sir, is it anything
to say, with the Senator from Nevada, [Mr.
Stewart,] that but afewmenare to be affected
by it? It would be a blot on the civilization
of the American people to-day if its Legislature
should deliberately place one human being in
that situation.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, with great
respect to the honorable Senator from Cali-
fornia, lie must permit me to say that I think
his mode of argument is rather too fine-spun.
If I understand him correctly he supposes that
a person who paid taxes in the ordinary routine
of the State administration might under this
bill be held to have rendered support and aid
to the insurrection. That is a new view en-
tirely to take of such language as this. When
this bill speaks of rendering aid and support
to the insurrection or rebellion it uses language
perfectly well known to the law of treason, and
those words are as well understood in courts
of justiqo as any other words in the language.
They do not apply at all in any degree to the
ordinary payment of taxes for carrying on a
government. The bill can receive no such
construction as that. A simple tax-payer to
the confederate government of Georgia during
the war who did nothing but pay his taxes to
his actual de facto government has rendered
no support, in the sense of the law, to the
insurrection or rebellion.
This is all that I think it worth while to say
on that subject.
Tho VICE) PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment to tho amendment, offered
by the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
Tho Viec President counted the Senate and
declared (hat nine Senators seconded tho call
for tho yeas and nays.
Mr. POMEllOY. Not one fifth.
Tho VICK PRESIDENT. The number
rising is not believed to bo one fifth of the Sen-
ators present. The Chair will again count.
On a recount it was declared that there were
but nine Senators rising.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. The yeas and
nays are not ordered.
A division beingcalled for, the ayes were forty.
No further count being insisted upon, tho
amendment to the amendment was declared to
be concurred in.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on concurring in the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole, as amended.
Ihe amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the four other amendments inserting
tho word "voluntary."
_ Mr. HOWARD, I hopeweshallnotconcur
in (hem.
Mr. IHTJKMAN. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
rrl1'' No ; no yeas and nays.
Ihe V lee President counted the Senate, and
eleven Senators seconding the call for yeas and
nays, they were ordered.
Mr. CONKLING. Now let us understand
what we are to vote upon. I do not under-
stand it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is to insert
the word "voluntary" at four places which
will be reported by the Secretary.
Mr. CONKLING. No; the words need not,
be repeated. I understand it now.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll, and
Mr. Abbott answered to his name.
Mr. C ASSERLY. What is the question ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on inserting the word "voluntary" in four
places in the second section. An affirmative
vote keeps the word "voluntary" in, a nega-
tive vote excludes it.
Mr. ABBOTT. Then I voted under a mis-
apprehension. I vote in the negative.
The Chief Clerk called the name of Mr.
Anthony, and he responded.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will suspend the roll-call. There seems to be
a misunderstanding.
Mr. BAYARD. It is proper that there should
be a clear understanding of this matter. I
should like to know whether we are now voting
to keep the word "voluntary" in the bill or
to strike out "involuntary."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That part of the
amendment striking out the word "involun-
tary" has been decided by the amendment of
the Senator from Michigan to the amendment
reported by the Committee of the Whole. That
amendment having been amended by the vote
of the Sen ate, the amendment, as amended, was
agreed to. 'The question now recurs on four
other propositions to insert the word "volun-
tary" in various parts of the bill. The Senate
as in Committee of the Whole agreed to those
four amendments, and the question now is on
concurring in them.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire simply to state
that the word "voluntary" is not in the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution 
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that the Senator from Ohio is going into
debate, which is not in order pending the roll-
call. The Chair was slating the effect of the
vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. The roll-call was dropped.
ThoVICB PRESIDENT. The roll-call had
commenced, and two Senators had answered.
Tho Chair only stated the effect of the amend-
ment, as there appeared to be a misunderstand-
ing about it.
The calling of the yeas and nays was con-
tinued ; and resulted—yeas 11, navs 42; as
follows:
YKAS—Messrs. Bayard, Cassorly, Davis, Fowler,
iliimilton, tnorton,Ross, Haulsbury, Stockton,Thur-
. man, and Viokers—11.
j, A'AVS— Messrs. Abbott. Anthony. Brownlow
: 7;iickintrham. Carpenter, Cattell, Chandler, Cole,
I (.onkhnn:.Corbctt, Drake, Mmuiids.Fonton.Gilbert,
Jliimlm, Italian. HaviK. Howard, kciiokk,McDon-
ald, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont. Morton,
Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pratt, Ramsey,
Kice, Sawyer, buhurz, Soott, Sherman, Spencer,
Stewart Sumner, Thayer, Warner,'Willey, Williams,
and wilson—42.
ABSENT—Messrs. Boreman. Cameron, Cragin,
lorry, Howe, McCrccry, Pool, Robertson, Sprague,
J ipton, Trumbull, and Yates—12.
So the amendments were non-concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time
The VICE PRESIDENT. Shall this bill
pass ?
Mr. BAYARD called for the yeas and nays ;
and they were ordered.
Mr. NORTON. I am paired off with the
Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Camerox.1
He would vote for the bill, and I against it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 45, nays 9 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott. Anthony, Brownlow
Buckingham Carpenter, Cattell, Chandler Colo'
^9,nh^W Corbctt Cragm, Drake, Edmunds. Ponton
Gilbert, Hainlm, JJarluii, Harris, Howard. Kello""-
McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Veimout'
Morton, Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pratt'
Ramsey, Rico, Robertson, Ross, Sawyer, Schurzj
Scott, Sherman, Spencer, Stewart. Sumner, Thayer,
Warner, Willey, Williams, and Wilson—45,
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Cassorly, Davis, Fowler,
Hamilton, Saulsbury, Stockton, Thurman, and
Viokers—9.
ABSENT —Messrs. Boreman, Cameron, Ferry,
Ilowe, MoCreery, Norton, Pool, Spraguo, Tipton,
Trumbull, and Xates—11.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. CARPENTER. I move to amend the
title of this bill by striking out the word "per-
fect" and inserting the word " promote so
that the title will read: "A bill t,o promote
the reconstruction of the State of Georgia."
The amendment was agreed to.
adjournment to monday.
Mr. WILSON. I move that when the Sen-
ate adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on Mon-
day next.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and at twent.y-
six minutes past one o'clock a. m. (Saturday,
December 18.) the Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 20, 1869.
Prayer by Rev. B. Peytok Brown, of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia.
The Journal of Friday last whs read and
approved.
revenue report.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, transmitting the report of the Special Com-
missioner of the Revenue ; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit the following
resolution in regard to printing the usual num-
ber of extra copies of that report:
Hesohed by the Senate, (tho House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That there be printed for the use
of the Senate live thousand copiesof thereport of the
Special Commissioner of tho Revenue, and for tho
use of the Treasury Department one thousand copi os
bound with the appendixes complete.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That resolution
will be referred to the Committee on Printing.
petitions and memorials.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented the peti-
tion of soldiers of the war of 1812 residing in
Missouri, praying that the names of the sur-
viving soldiers of that war and of the widows
of such as are deceased may be placed on the
pension-roll; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. CARPENTER. I desire to present the
petition of E. W. Stoughton, Sidney Webster.
Henry E. Davies, John K. Porter, and two
hundred and twenty-three others, members of
the legal profession in the city of New York,
upon which petition are the names of many men
well known to the country, praying for an
increase of the salaries of the judges of the
United States courts. I move its reference to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SPENCER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Alabama, praying a change of the post
route No. 6759, from Butler, in that State, by
way of Pushmataha and Energy, to Quitman,
Mississippi, so as to lead from Butler by way
of 1 ushmataha and Whynot to Meridian, Mis-
sissippi ; which was referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. WILLEY. I present the memorial of a
number of members of the legal profession in
southwestern Virginia, praying that a regular
session of the district court of the United States
tor the district of Virginia may be fixed by
law to be held m Christiansburg, Montgomery
county, Virginia. Ialso have a letter of Judge
Underwood, the judge of that court, in refer-
ence to the same subject. I move the lefer-
encp of these papers to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
