5320
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7,
the circuit court isupon thecotton, because the
cotton was claimed to be the property of the
United States and was sold and the proceeds
paid into the Treasury. The only lien which
the libelants had upon the cargo of cotton was
for $18,780, according to the specific decree
of the circuit court of New York, and the com-
mittee report in favor of the payment of that
amount.
Mr. EDMUNDS. A constituent of mine has
some interest in this question, and I had the
impression—and that appears on the face of
the decree, a copy of which I hold in my hand—
that judgment was rendered against the United
States, who were the claimants, for the total
sum named in the bill, and so the decree reads.
At the same time, if the fact is as I understand
my friend from Kentucky to state it to be, that
there was no lien in behalf of the salvors
against the vessel, and that the total amount
of the lien against the cotton claimed by the
United States was $18,700 
Mr. DAVIS. There is a separate lien on
the vessel, but I do not know that the vessel
was sold. No proceeds from the sale of the
the vessel came into the Treasury; it was only
the proceeds from the sale of cotton that the
Treasury received. If the Senator will refer
to the copy of the record, and to the decree in
the record of the circuit court of the United
States for the southern district of New York,
he will find that the lien ou the cotton is the
exact sum stated in the amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not doubt that; but
may I ask my friend whether it appeared that
the United States did not enter a claim against
the vessel, her taekle, and apparel, as well as
against the cargo?
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then the only claim of
the United States was on the cotton?
Mr. DAVIS. The cotton.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And the only amount
of salva.ge attributable to the cotton was that
which my friend suggests?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Of course, if that is cor-
rcct, his conclusion is right.
Mr. DAVIS. I will state this other fact:
the circuit court gives the libelants their costs;
but there is no evidence of the amount of costs
in the case.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then this amendment
does not include the costs?
Mr. DAVIS. It does not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hold in ray hand here
a certified copy of the record of the affirmance
of judgment in the Supreme Court and in th(j
circuit court on the remand, which states ex-
actly how much the costs are. I find the record
in the papers on file. The costs were $418
originally in the district court, $147 40 in
the circuit court, and $50 71 in the Supreme
Court.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the honorable Senator
if those are the costs of the libelants?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Those are the costs of
the libelants taxed against the claimants.
Mr. DAVIS. That paperescaped my atten-
tion ; I wiil ask to have added the aggregate
amount of costs to the $18,780.
Mi'. EDMUNDS. That will be right. The
amount of $616 11 is to be added.
Mr. DAVIS. To be added to the amount
which is reported by the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands the amendment to be modified by the
addition of the amount stated by the Senator
from Vermont.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. The
amendment was ordered to be engrossed, and
the bill to be read a third time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed.
FIFTH MILITARY DISTRICT OFFICERS
Mr. SAWYER. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (H. R. No. 2213) to amend an
act entitled ''An act to make appropriations
to supply deficiencies in the appropriations
for the service of the Government for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1870, and for other
purposes," approved April 20, 1870, to report
it back without amendment; and I desire to
have the bill acted upon now, if possible. It
will only take one minute.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That ought to
pass.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It proposes to amend the pro-
viso in the clause of the act of April 20, 1870,
entitled "An act making appropriations for
the service of the Government for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1870, and for other pur-
poses," limiting the pay of registrars and
sheriffs in the fifth military district to five dol-
lars per day, so as to authorize the payment of
six dollars per day to the registrars and sheriffs,
instead of five, as therein provided.
Mr. SAWYER. Iu explanation of the bill
I will say that in the fifth military district, by
the act of April 20,1870, the pay of these offi-
cers was limited to five dollars per diem. No
other district had a similar limit, or any limit
put upon the price paid these officers. The
commandant of that district, supposing that the
same liberty would bo allowed in paying the
registrars and sheriffs appointed by him in the
fifth military district as had been allowed in
other military districts, issued his order fixing
the pay at six dollars per diem. The vouchers
were all prepared and forwarded to the parties
who had served in these capacities at the rate
of six dollars per diem when the act of April
20, 1870, was passed. This bill has passed the
House of Representatives and been acted on
by the Committee on Appropriations, and I
desire that it shall be passed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the total amount,
and what difference will this make?
Mr. SAWYER. The total amount of pay
it is impossible to tell, because I do not know
the number of registrars and sheriffs. I only
know it is one of those expenses of reconstruc-
tion which have been paid in all the other
Slates at the rate fixed by the general com-
manding. in some cases as high as seven dol-
lars a day, and in some cases as low as five
dollars; but the assistant assessors in that
State receive SG 50 at present.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not pretend to oppose
this bill; but I do not think it follows 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I call for the
regular order, and the Senator can look into it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let me finish my sen-
tence, because I shall never think of it again.
1 do not think it follows that because six dol-
lars a day was paid to somebody in Louisiana
and Mississippi, therefore it must be in some
other district, because the value of labor and
the time occupied may have differed in the
various districts. If the Senator had reported
the bill providing that nobody should have over
five dollars a day, instead of lifting up these
people to six, it would have been more econom-
ical. But 1 do not make any objection.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
WILLIAM F. ST0TXS.
Mr. HOWELL. I ask that the papers re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims in relation
to the claim of William F. Stottsbe withdrawn,
and I give notice of an amendment in regard
to this claim to be offered to the bill (H. R.
No. 2CG5) making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1871, and for other purposes,
and I ask that it be referred to tho Committee
on Appropriations.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
send the proposed amendment to the Secre-
tary, and it will be referred to the Committee
on Appropriations.
BUSINESS FOR EVENING SESSIONS.
Mr. THAYER. I desire to submit a motion,
and my reasoft is this : I have observed for
several mornings past that a dozen Senators or
more are striving to get the floor, each one in
charge of a bill, which I presume, generally,
would occupy but a very few momentsthe
most of the time is lost in this struggle for
priority. Now, I submit a motion that to-
morrow evening be set apart for such cases as
these ; for instance, the Australian steamship
bill was left partly finished last night. I pre-
sume that can be disposed of in a very short
time. My friend from Kentucky has a bill to
pass. The Senator from Louisiana has one, •
and several others. I have some myself that
will only take the time necessary to read them,
and yet I have waited foramonth fora chance
to get the floor.
Mr. SUMNER. There is Mrs. Lincoln's
pension bill, which I should like to have
acted on.
Mr. POMEROY. There is the bill prohib-
iting the sale of intoxicating liquors in this
District.
Mr. THAYER. I submit my motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Nebraska that there
are some forty or fifty other bills of the same
character.
Mr. THAYER. I wish to get these bills
out of the way. I move that we have a ses-
sion to-morrow evening, at half past seven
p. m., for the purpose of considering the Aus-
tralian steainship bill, if that is not disposed
of previously, and such other bills as may
come up.
TheVICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nebraska asks unanimous consent that to-mor-
row evening at half past seven o'clock be set
apart for the consideration of the bill in rela-
tion to the Australian steamship line, and such
other bills as the Senate may take up.
Mr. CRAGIN. I move to amend that
motion so as to provide that the Seuate shall
take up the Calendar and proceed with those
cases that are not objected to.
Mr. SUMNER. I have drawn up a motion
of that kind, which I will read :
That on Friday evening the Senate will take up
tho Calendar and consider bills to which there is no
objection, beginning where tho Senate left off when
such bills wore considored before.
Mr. DRAKE. That is fair.
Mr. THAYER. I will accept that.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to ask
whether there mil be any objection to allow-
ing us to take a vote on the bill prohibiting
contracts for servile labor at that time ?
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nebraska withdraws his motion, and the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts asks that by unani-
mous consent the following order be made 
Mr. FOWLER. Let us hear the order read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Resolved, That on Friday evening the Senate will
take up tho Calendar and consider bills to which
there is no objection, beginning where the Senate
left off when sueli bills wero considered before.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there any
objection ?
Air. FOWLER. I want to know what is
meant by beginning where we left off before?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair would
rule that it was where the Senate left off the
last time the Calendar was considered.
Mr. SUMNER. My idea is to begin where
wo left off when we were considering unob-
jected bills. That is the point I intended by
the resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Friday night, the
10th of June, was the last time the Calendar
was considered in that way; and the last hill
objected to was the bill for the relief of James
M. Ellison, on the eighth page of the Calendar
of the 6th of June.
Mr. SUMNER. We were then going over
for the second time the first part of the Calen-
dar. I propose to take up the Calendar where
we left off when we first considered bills unob-
jected to.
Mr. DRAKE. That is right.
_ Mr._ SUMNER. The Clerk knows the pre-
cise bill. It was at the close of the Calendar
