1810.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
531
41 rt Coxa....2d &ss.
Fin ance—Mr. In get soil.
Ho. of Reps
Mr. INGEHSOIjL, It will heohserved, Mr.
Speaker, that the banks mentioned in the table
just read are established not in any onelocality,
but are located in many of the States. Butthis
statement, perhaps, should be "discounted" to
pome extent, when wo remember it was made
by the officers of the several banks. It is pos-
sible that their profits were largely in excess
of the amounts reported. Some bank officers
are wonderfully ingenious, and possess the cun-
ning faculty of covering up facts when it is their
interest to do so. This has been found to be
the case in all countries, notwithstanding the
most stringent laws imposing the severest
penalties upon bank officers for making false
returns. I could cite many cases, but 1 have
not now the time to spare.
By reference to the Banker's Magazine for
June of the present year, it will be seen that
many of the Philadelphia national banks make
enormous profits upon their capital. I send
to the Clerk's clesk the list I have prepared.
The Cleik read as follows:
Name of bank.
Philadelphia National
11 sink 
FirstNaiiona! Lank 
(xirard Nauonsil Bank...
Mor-hfinics' National
Bank- v 
National Bank, North-
e: n Liberties 
City National Bank . ...
Consolidation National
Jjank 
K<>n>ington National
Ilnrk 
Southwcirk National
Lank 
National Bank, Ger-
mantown 
Tradesmen's National
Bank 
Capital.
Ket
profits.
Per cent
1 on capita
$1,500,000
1,000,01.0
1,000,000
JS52.605
527,739
585,019
56
53
58
800,000
393,920
49
503,000
400,000
587,780
£28,001
109
57
300,000
185,675
62
250,000
183.506
46
250,000
207,186
83
200,000
112,871
56
200,000
426,432
213
Mr. INGERSOLL. Now, Mr. Speaker, I
think I have established the fact that the na-
tional bank system is a powerful monopoly,
expensive and burdensome to the people, and
rather to be dreaded than fostered; hence, I
repeat that I am opposed to this bill because
it proposes to«xtend this system. But if the
national banking system must be perpetuated,
it should be modified and improved. It should
be made free, for the monopoly feature is alike
odious and dangerous to the American people,
and its issues should be based upon United
States bonds bearing a much less rate of inter-
est than the present bonds. In my judgment
the rate of interest should not exceed three and
sixty-five hundredths per cent., and the tax on
the circulation of the bank should be removed,
for a tax of this character is always charged over
to the people who use the money of the banks.
If these features could be adopted, it would, in
my judgment, be a great improvement on the
present system. And the banks cannot plead
"vested rights" as against any amendment to
or modification of the national banking act,
for Congress wisely reserved to itself the fright
"at any time to amend, alter, or repeal ' the
national banking act, as will be seen by refer-
ence to the last section of the act.
Again, I am opposed to this bill because it
does not propose to increase the volume ot
the currency, and hence could not possibly be
a relief if adopted, for the reason that it pro-
poses to retire and cancel the §45,000,000
of three per cent, certificates now held by
the national banks as a reserve in place of
^ 15,000,000 greenbacks now in circulation,
winch they would bo required to lock up as a
reserve m case the three per cent, certificates
should he withdrawn; and beyond this they
would be compelled to withdraw from the peo-
ple $19,000,000 more of greenbacks as a
reserve for the national bank-note circulation
authorized by this bill. And this is not all.
The bill further requires the Secretary of the
Treasury to redeem and cancel $40,000,000
greenbacks to make room for the §95,000,000
of national bank notes. Now, let us stop a mo-
ment and see how the case stands at this point.
The bill authorizes the increase of national
bank notes to the amount of $95,000,000 and
withdraws from circulation $10-1,000,000 of
legal tenders, thus making a direct and positive
contraction of the circulation of $9,000,000.
But we cannot stop here. The law requires
that the national banks shall hold the same
per cent, of reserve for deposits  3 for circu-
lation. It is fair to assume that the deposits
■will amount to double the circulation author-
ized. Now, for this additional §95,000,000
you must allow $190,000,000 as the amount
of deposits. Now allow fifteen per cent, of
reserve on this §190,000,000, and you will
have 828,000,000 more of greenbacks with-
drawn from circulation, to be locked up in the
vaults of the banks, making a grand total of
§182.500,000 of greenbacks to be virtually
destroyed to make room for the 895,000,000
of national bank notes authorized to be issued
under this bill.
If there was no other reason for opposing
this bill than the fact that under its opera-
tion it would retire from circulation more than
one hundred and thirty million dollars of
greenbacks, and of this sum cause to be burned
nearly fifty million dollars, this would of itself
constitute an insuperable objection to it. I
cannot vote for any bill that proposes to take
from the people the best and least expensive
money that it was ever their good fortune
to possess. I am satisfied that if this bill
was submitted to a vote of the people nine
tenths of them at least would vote against it.
Hence, I assert that no Representative of the
people, who really has their best interest at
heart, should vote for this bill.
I now ask the atteution of the House for a
few minutes to the first substitute to this bill
offered by myself. It consists of but two pro-
visions. The first proposes that the Secretary
of the Treasury shall issue §44,000,000 in
greenbacks to supply the place of the §44,000,-
000 of greenbacks withdrawn from circulation
and burned by Secretary McCulloch. The
second provision provides that the Secretary
of the Treasury shall employ this additional
issue in reducingthe gold interest-bearing debt
of the Government. This bill, if adopted, would
contribute greatly to the relief of the people in
two ways: first, by increasing the volume of
the greenback currency; and second, by
reducing the public debt about forty million
dollars, and thereby saving to the people
$2,400,000 of coin annually, (this being the
annual interest on that amount ot the debt;)
and in addition to this an annual reduction of
taxes to an equal amount would follow, and
the lessening of taxes even to this amount
annually would be gratefully accepted by an
already over-taxed people.
And now, Mr. Speaker, I desire to call the
attention of the House and ot the country to
the second substitute offered by myself to the
pending bill, and in order that it may be the
better understood, I wiil send it to the Clerk's
desk to be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Be it en notedly the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, 'Xh.it the Secretary of the Tro.wury ba, and he
is hrreby, authorized and directed to prepare imme-
diately, and st.imp with the se:il of the Treasury
[Department, paper dollars of the denominations and
to the amounts that nv.y bo required to supply the
demand, which camped and coined juper aoliais he
shall excho.nge with alL applicants at par in open
market for the pie^ent outstanding bonds, Treasury
cotes, and other securities of the United states,
natioml bank notes, and gold and silver bullion, at
the actual market value, estimated in gold coin, ot
such bonds, Ticasury notes, and other securities, bank
notes, and gold and silver bullion, and which stamped
paper dollars he shall exchange with all applicants
at par for gold coin of the United States, and which
stamped paper dollars shall, after issue and exchange
as aforesaid become and be a legal tender at the par
value thereof in payment of all public and private
dues whatsoever: Provided,however, That the holder
of any outstanding bond on which the interest is
stipulated to be paid in gold shall have the option
to receive such interest in gold coin or in such paper
money. And the bonds, Treasury notes, and other
United States securities, national bank notes, coin,
and gold and silver bullion obtained by such ex-
change shall form a fund that shall be applied, with
its accumulations, to the purchase and redemption
of the present interest-bearing debt of the United
States. The exchange, purchase, and redemption
authorized and provided for in this section, shall be
made and the market value aforesaid be ascertained
and iixed under general regulations which the Sec-
retary of the Treasury shall prescribe.
Sec. 2. And be it juriher enacted, That the Secre-
tary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized
and directed to prepare immediately registered and
coupon bonds of the denominations and to the
amounts that may be required to supply the demand,
which bonds shall bear interest at the rate of threo
and sixty-five hundredths percent, per annum, pay-
able half yearly on the 1st days of February and
August of' each year, which bonds heshall exchange
with all applicants at par for gold coin of the United
States, and which bonds lie shall exchange with all
applicants in open market at par for all present out-
outstanding bonds, Treasury notes, and other secur-
ities of the United States, national bank notes, and
gold and silver bullion, at the actual market value,
estimated in gold coin of the United States, of such
outstanding bonds, Treasury notes, and othcrsecur-
ities, bank notes, and gold and silver bullion. And
the bonds, Treasury notes, and other securities of the
United States, national bank notes, coin, and j;okl
and silver bullion obtained by such exchange all
form part of the fund to be applied in the manner
hereinbefore provided. The exchange of bonds pro-
vided in this section shall be made and the market-
value aforesaid be ascertained and fixed under gen-
eral regulations which the Secretary of the Treasury
shall prescribe.
Sec. 3. Aiid be it further enacted, That the stamped
paper money and bonds authorized by this act shall
always be exchangeable for each other at their par
value with the accrued interest on the bonds by the
Treasurer, Assistant Treasurer, and designated de-
positaries of the United States under general regula-
tions which the Secretary of the Treasury shall pre-
scribe.
Ssu, 4. Ami be it further enacted, That registered
bonds hereinbefore provided may be deposited with
the Treasurer or other officer of the United States
for the purposes authorized by existing laws, and at
any time before the expiration of one year from tho
passage of this act the owner or owners of bonds or
securities now so deposited and held may withdraw
and receive possession of the sarny upon depositing
in lieu thereof with such officer or officers, registered
bonds provided by this act equal in amount to tho
bonds or securities so to be withdrawn; and at the
end of tfte period aforesaid, the owner or owners ot
any bonds or securities 9ther than the registered
bonds hereinbefore provided, who shall not have
withdrawn the same according to law, shall be held
and deemed to have authorized the Treasurer or
other officer holding such bonds and securities to
exchange the same with the Secretary of the Treas-
ury for registered bonds in the manner provided oy
this act, and such officers shall make the exchange
accordingly.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the bonds,
and the interest thereon, issued under the provisions
of this act shall be exempt from the payment ot all
taxes or duties of the United States, as well as from
taxation in any form by or under State, municipal
or local authority.
Mr. INGEKSOLL. It will have been ob-
served that this bill proposes^ to place our
monetary system on a new and what appears
to me to be a philosophic basis. It proposes
that the Secretary of the Treasury shall issue
legal-tender paper dollars to an amount equal
to the demands of our people, which paper
dollars shall be a legal tender for all purposes
except in cases where payment in coin has
been specially stipulated, and in such cases
the holder of any such indebtedness shall have
the option to receive payment in coin or in
the paper dollars to be issued under this
act. And further, this legal-tender paper
money the Secretary of the Treasury shall
exchange with all applicants at par for any of
the outstanding indebtedness of the United
States, whether interest-bearing or not, and ior
national bank notes, gold and silver bullion at
the market value thereof, estimated in gold
coin, of such indebtedness, bank notes, gold
and silver bullion, and at par ior gold and
silver coin of the United States, which would
