1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3433
terested iu this case in favor of a former resi-
dent of his district.
As has been stated by the chairman of the
committee, we have adopted as the rule in all
eases to make the pension dale from the passage
of the act.. Of course we must find the case to
be a meritorious oneor we would not recommend
a pension at all. In this case application was
made to the department for a pension under
existing laws, and the party was not able to
prove that any assistance had actually been
rendered by the son. And although his letters
were of a nature to show that he probably
would have assisted his mother to the extent
of his means if he had lived, he never did
actually afford her any direct, positive aid.
Therefore it has seemed to the committee that
it is right and just that the pension should bo
granted to this party the same as to other par-
ties, so as to take effect from the date of the
act. We see no reason why this should be
singled out to be made an exceptional case.
We must be not only generous, but just Many
have been denied any pensions at all whose
claims may have been quite as meritorious as
those in this instance.
The question was taken on Mr. Donley's
amendment; and there were, on a division—
ayes twenty-five, noes not counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BENTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES." I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at ten o'clock and five minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. AT WOOD : The petition of A. L.
Chapin, S. J. Todd, and others, citizens of
Beloit, Wisconsin, asking for the abrogation
of legacy and succession taxes.
By Mr. BEAMAN: The remonstrance of
Jared Freeman and 81 others, purchasers of
lands granted to the Amboy, Lansing, and
Traverse Bay Railroad Company, against a
change of the line of said road.
Also, the remonstrance of H. J. Alvord, for
the same purpose.
By Mr. BINGHAM: The memorial of John
Dickerson and 56 others, colored citizens and
electors of the city of Circleville, Pickaway
county, Ohio, who had been illegally deprived
of their rights of suffrage, praying for the pas-
sage of an act for the better enforcement of
the fifteenth amendment of the Constitution
of the United States, and the redress of like
grievances.
By Mr. BUCKLEY: The petition of Kay,
Foree & Lapsley, and 24 others, citizens of
Selma, Alabama, asking Congress to pass a
law allowing the importation of pig lead from
foreign countries free of duty.
By Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio: The memo-
rial of Major J. W. Powell, praying for an
appropriation to continue the exploration of
the Colorado river.
Also, the memorial of Thomas Donnelly,
of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, praying for an
amendment of the thirtieth section of the
national currency act.
By Mr. KETCHAM: The petition of Silas
W. Tobey and 13 others, of Hudson, New
York ; of George L. Morris and 27 others, of
Chatham Village, New York ; of James La-
throp and 43 others, of Kinderhook, New
York; and of J. Wesley Stark and 28 others,
of Pawling, New York, all for the repeal of
the duty on pig lead.
By Mr. LASH: The petition of Haywood
Venable, a citizen of Stokes county. North
Carolina, praying for removal of disabilities.
Also, the petition of W. H. Roysler, a citi-
! zen of Person county, North Carolina, praying
for removal of disabilities.
By Mr. VAN WYCK: The petition of
Michael Maher, praying for bounty.
i IN SENATE.
Friday, May 13, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
house bill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 1986) to extend the pro-
visions of the preemption laws to the Territory
of Colorado, and for other purposes, was read
' twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
agricultural report of 1868-
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the following concurrent resolution of
| the House of Representatives; and it was re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing:
Betolved, That there be printed of the agricultural
report of 1868 such an additional extra number as
will be required to give the members of the House
from those States not represented in the Fortieth
Congress the same number as were assigned to the
members of the House from such States as are now
so represented.
invitation.
Mr. PRATT. I present an invitation by a
committee on behalf of the " Washington Tar-
get-Shooting Association," of the District of
Columbia, requesting the attendance of the
Senate at their park grounds, on Seventh street,
north of General O. O. Howard's, on Monday
next, 16th instant, at four o'clock p. m., on the
occasion of the laying of the corner-stone of
the monument to be erected to the memory of
Baron Steuben.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The invitation
will be laid on the table.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have received and been
requested to present a memorial of Day, Allen
& Co.; John N. Farwell & Co., and others,
citizens and merchants of the city of Chicago, j
objecting to the passage of what is known as
the'' Cullom bill,'' in regard to matters in Utah, i
alleging that the bill in many of its features
is oppressive and inconsistent with our free
institutions. I move the reference of the me-
morial to the Committee on Territories.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have also received a
resolution passed by the constitutional conven-
tion of the State of Illinois, reconfmending to
their representatives in the Congress of the
United States that they labor to secure the
removal of the national capital to some point
in the Mississippi valley. I ask that the reso-
lution may be read and printed. It is a short
resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois desires the resolution of the Illinois
constitutional convention to be reported by the
Secretary.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows :
Besotted, That we. the representatives of the peo-
ple of the State of Illinois, in constitutional conven-
tion assembled, do hereby recommend to our repre-
sentatives in the Congress of the United States, and
request of them that they labor to seoure the removal
of the national capital to some point in the Missis-
sippi valley.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that it lie on
the table and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the memorial
of Charles Rush and others, sellers of house-
hold wringers in Michigan, remonstrating
against the extension of John Young's patent
for washing and wringing machines; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SHERMAN presented the memorial
of _H. Beatty and others, sellers of household
wringers, ot Masillon, Ohio, remonstrating
against the extension of John Young's patent
for washing and wringing machines; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CONKLING. I present a memorial,
numerously signed by the tax-payers and busi-
ness men, and best men, I may say with pro-
priety, in this city, remonstrating against any
action by Congress, authorizing the city of
Washington to become indorser or guarantor
in any way for railroad or similar schemes.
As one of the bills to which this applies has
been reported, I ask that the memorial lie on
the table; and I beg the Secretary to put it in
some connection with the Point Lookout rail-
road bill, that it may be considered in connec-
tion with that bill when it comes up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The memorial
will lie on the table.
Mr. FOWLER presented the petition of
Calvin Jones, of Somerville, Fayette county,
Tennessee, praying the removal of his political
disabilities; which was referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. WILLEY presented the petition of
James V. Boughner, of West Virginia, pray-
ing Congress to perfect his title to certain lands
in the State of Missouri; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. POMEROY. I am charged with the
Eresentation of a memorial from about one
undred citizens in the southern part of the
State of Kansas, headed by Mr. George S.
Weaver, in which they represent that they are
unable to drive cattle from Texas through the
Indian country into the State of Kansas, to put
them on the railroads to be sent to Chicago
and other eastern cities, because of the taxes
levied on them by the Indians. They repre-
sent that onerous, illegal, and extortionate
taxes are levied by the Indian tribes in the
Indian country. The matter has been before
the several Departments. It has been before
the Attorney General, the Secretary of the
Interior, the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
and now finally they appeal to Congress to
be protected in driving their cattle across the
Indian country from Texas against the taxes
levied by the Indian authorities in violation of
law, as they think. I commend thia subject to
the Committee on Indian Affairs, and I hope
that they will report, and that we shall pass
some resolution bywhich the trade in cattle
through Texas to Kansas shall not be inter-
fered with. I move that this memorial be
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STO CKTON presented additional papers
in relation to the bill (S. No. 836) for the relief
of Jane Allen Birckhead; which were referred
to the Committee on Claims.
reports of committees.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom were referred the
bill (S. No. 479) for the suppression of drink-
ing-houses and tippling-shops in the District
of Columbia, and the bill (S. No. 602) to regu-
late the sale of intoxicating liquors in the Dis-
trict of Columbia and to define the personB who
shall Bhare the responsibility, have directed me
to report them back, and ask to be discharged
from their further consideration.
The same committee, to whom were referred
a very large number of memorials asking for a
prohibitory law, and also remonstrating against
it, have had the same under consideration and
have direeted me to report back the bill (S.
No. 543) for the suppression of drinking-houses
and tippling-shops, and to regulate the sale of
intoxicating liquors in the District of Colum-
bia, without amendment. I ask that the com-
