1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1545
resignation of the gentleman is not sufficient to
wan-ant the House or the Speaker in deciding
that he is not a member.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. Resignation is a voluntary
act. and the gentleman states over his own
signature that he has resigned his seat.
"Mr. ELDRIDGE. I refer to the evidence of
the Governor having accepted his resignation.
The SPEAKER. Acceptance is not neces-
sary. Resignation is voluntary, and does not
depend on any act but that of the member him-
self.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I rise to a question of
order. The House last evening ordered that
the main question be now put on the resolu-
tion reported by the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs. My point of order is
that nothing is in order except to carry that out.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Loo ax] is entitled to the floor for one
hour. He yielded fifty-five minutes to the gen-
tleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Whitte-
aoRE,] who was thereupon discovered not to be
a member of the House, and the floor reverted
to the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. LOGAN. Now, the point that I desire
to make in furtherance of what I have sug-
gested is this—and I think the House will see
the force of what I have to say: if the gentle-
man is now permitted to proceed to address
the House after having resigned, the time he
occupies will not be a part of the time of the
committee, or of the chairman of the commit-
tee, for the reason that I, as chairman of the
committee, cannot yield to any person except
a member of the House; hence I cannot yield
any of my time to the gentleman. If he is con-
sidered a member I can yield my time to him;
if he is considered a member the House must
act on the resolution; if he is not considered
a member then he cannot speak in my time.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's single
objection cats him off. It wouH require unan-
imous consent for him to speak. The gentle-
man from Illinois is understood to object.
Mr.- LOGAN. No, sir; I only make the
point that I cannot yield to him if the House
accepts his resignation.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The House
cannot accept his resignation. Who ever heard
of ihe Honse accepting the resignation of a
member?
Mr. 1NGERSOLL. I rise to a point of
order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Is this debate in order
after the resignation of the gentleman has been
announced to the House?
The SPEAKER. Debate is in order. It is
for ihe House and not for the Chair to determ-
ine what shall be done with the resolution now
pending before the-House. It is for the Chair
to enforce the rules of the House, which pro-,
vide that none but members of the House shall
address the Chair, and the Chair does not rec-
ognize Mr. Whittemobe, of South Carolina, as
now a member of this House, his resignation
having been officially communicated to this
House.
Mr. INGERSOLL. If the gentleman from
South Carolina is not allowed to go on and
address the Honse must a vote be taken upon
the resolution of the Committee on Military
Affairs?
The SPEAKER. That is for the House to
determine and not for the Chair.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Then I want that ques-
tion determined.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I rise to a point
of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. The point of
order I desire to make is that the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Logan,] who was entitled
to the floor for one hour, yielded fifty-five min-
utes of his time to the gentlemen from South
Carolina, [Mr. Whittemore.] That gentleman
was a member of this House, and as such took
the floor. The question is whether the floor
could be taken away from him until the ex-
piration of the fifty-five minutes?
The SPEAKER. At the time the gentleman
from South Carolina rose to take the floor he
sent to the Chair an announcement that he was
no longer a member of this House. The Chair
therefore overrules the point of order.
Mr. ROOTS. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. ROOTS. I understand this resignation
was made yesterday, so that the gentleman
from South Carolina could not have been a
member of this House when he rose this morn-
ing to speak. Could he not be allowed, by
unanimous consent, to address this House as
Mr. Whittemore, of South Carolina, and not
as a member of this House from South Carolina?
The SPEAKER. There is no point of order
involved in what the gentleman lias stated.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. My point
of order is that we cannot any longer go on
under the resolution of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs. If Mr. Whittemore is not mem-
ber enough to be allowed to speak here he is
not member enough to be expelled.
The SPEAKER. That question is one for
the House to determine.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Logan] has signified that he will
yield to me to make a suggestion to the House.
Mr. LOGAN. If it is not taken out of my
time.
The SPEAKER. It must be taken out of
the time of the gentleman except by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. BINGHAM. With the leave of the
gentleman from Illinois I will make a sugges-
tion to the House.
Mr. LOGAN. Very well.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Is it in order to move
bow to reconsider the vote by which the main
question was ordered on this resolution of the
Committee on Military Affairs?
The SPEAKER. That motion was made
yesterday and laid on the table. There is no
motion now in order except to adjourn or to
lay the pending resolution on the table.
Mr. BINGHAM. Of the several cases which
have occurred during my service in this body
there is one, the record of which lies before
me, in which the party stood at the bar of the
House in precisely the same position a* that
in which the gentleman from South Carolina
[Mr. Whittemore] stands this mofnirig. In
that case the party was permitted, by unani-
mous consent, to proceed to address the House,
he sending to the Chair simultaneously with
his speech, or at the conclusion of it, a paper
setting forth the fact that he has resigned. The
House received it, and immediately ordered
that the resolution of expulsion then pending
be laid upon the table. There were other cases
in which no consent was asked of the House
to speak.
But I will refer to another case from New
York, with which doubtless the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Logan] is familiar, in which
the House, after receiving a communication
announcing the resignation of the member, pro-
ceeded to pass affirmatively upon a resolution
pronouncing the conduct with which the mem-
ber had beencharged and found guilty as con-
duct unworthy a member of the House. Having
passed that resolution, the Honse immediately
proceeded to lay upon the table a further resolu-
tion expelling the member. It would appear
from the record in those cases that in no in-
stance has the House proceeded to pass a reso-
lution of expulsion after the tender of resig-
nation by a member. But there was this differ-
once between the case of Gilbert and the case
of Matteson. In the last case the House gave
no leave to speak; in the other case the House
did give the party charged leave to speak, but
it was done by unanimous consent.
The difference between the case of Gilbert
and the one now before the House is this: Gil-
bert retained his paper in his hands until he
had made his statement by the unanimous con-
sent of the House, and then sent it to the Chair.
In this case the party sends his communication
to the Chair, and the Chair notifies the House
of the fact. But it must be apparent, it seems
to me, to the House that by unanimous con-
sent, upon the precedent to which I have re-
ferred, the party may by the courtesy of the
gentleman lrom Illinois be permitted to be
heard.
The SPEAKER. That was what the Chair
first Stated, as the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bingham] will remember.
Mr. BINGHAM. Certainly. I therefore
move that, without interfering at all with the
rights of the chairman of the committee in any
proposition which he may wish to submit or
any speech he may desire to make, reserving
every right of the gentleman in that respect 
Mr. LOGAN. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will make a statement occupying but a
moment. I think I understand this matter,
for I have examined it carefully. As I stated
before, in the case of O. B. Matteson the
Speaker of the House refused to decide that
the resignation was accepted, and submitted
the question to the House. The debate con-
tinued. Finally, however, it was decided that
the member bad resigned. The resolution of
expulsion was then laid on the table ; but two
other resolutions, condemning the conduct of
the member, were adopted. The resolution
of expulsion was laid on the table because the
House decided that it could not expel the
member after he had resigned. That is the
precise rule as laid down by this House in the
case of Matteson. Now, in this case, if the
House decides that Mr. Whittemore has
resigned that ends the case so far as regards
the resolution of expulsion ; and it is for the
House to decide what other action it will take.
I am prepared to have this resolution of
expulsion laid on the table, as was <lo&ein the
Matteson case. The alternative is this: either
we must, under the previous question, vote
upon the resolution of expulsion, refusing to
accept Mr. Whittemorg's resignation ; or if
the resignation be accepted, we can then pass
another resolution applicable to the case, if
the House so desires. Under the rules and
precedents we can do nothing else.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman allow
me to complete the remark I was making when
interrupted ? The gentleman's statement is ex-
actly correct with this addition: that by his
consent it is perfectly competent for l&is House
to grant unanimous consent to this party to
make the remarks he wishes to Submit. I there-
fore ask the gentleman to allow the sense of
the House to be taken on the question of allow-
ing this party to be heard, without interfering
with any right of the gentleman from Illinois.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman fro m Ohio
[Mr. Bingham] asks unanimous consent that
Mr. Whittemore, of South Carolina, may have
leave to address the House. Is there objec-
tion ?
Mr. LOGAN. I object, until the parliament-
ary question involved in this matter has been
decided by the House.
Mr. BANKS. Will the gentleman from
Illinois yield to me one moment?
Mr. LOGAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, I think the
House will be led into great difficulty if it
accepts the doctrine that a member can resign
his seat without the consent of the House. No
principle of parliamentary law is better estab-
lished, either in England or in this country,
than that a member of a parliamentary body
cannot resign without the consent of that body,
