1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2489
ure before the Senate, and was rising to say
that the extract which has been read by the
honorable Senator from California is a true
picture, not only of the operation of an income
tax in general, as I believe, but of the opera-
tion of the income tax which is paid by the
citizens of the United States throughout its
entire extent; that a more complete way of
shifting the tax from shoulders which should
bear it on to shoulders which should not bear
it could hardly be devised. There are thou-
sands of men in every State in the United
States who ought to pay an income tax that
shirk it habitually. I have personally been
aware of the operation of this tax. X know
numbers of individuals in my own immediate
vicinity whose incomes are known to be so
large that they can live handsomely, I may
say sumptuously, who return no income tax
whatever, while there are men who have hard
work to make both ends meet at the end of
the year, and have not a dollar left, that pay
a large income tax. I know that that is the case
not only in my own neighborhood but elsewhere,
and I believe it is inseparable from the nature
of the income tax. As has been said, it is a tax
which from its nature induces every dishonest
man to And every possible mode of escape, and
an ingenious accountant in a counting-room is
one of the most useful things to a man who is
making an income-tax return.
The fact that an income tax is generally con-
sidered an equitable tax is to mo a surprising
one, when we consider from what different
sources income arises. When a man's income
arises from fixed capital, capital which has
been laid by and put at interest, there seems
to be a propriety in taxing it; but when a
man's income is dependent upon his daily ex-
ertions, when it may be cut olf the moment he
is prostrated by illness, there is, I submit, a
very decided difference as to the propriety of
taxing these two kinds of income.
X may receive here as a Senator of the United
States my salary of $5,000 a year, andX have to
pay my tax on it. Xt costs every cent of that
salary for me to live. Another man may re-
ceive $5,000 in the backwoods of New Hamp-
shire, where $1,000 supports him and his fam-
ily better than I can live here on §5,000. IXe
has $5,000 income and he pays the same tax.
Which is the better able to pay the tax ? It
seems equitable that the two men, each with
$5,000 income, should pay the same tax, but
it is not equitable in those two eases.
Again, one man may have a large family
growing up, who are wealth to the country,
lie is doing all he can to make them respect-
able members of the community in which ho
lives. It costs him every dollar of his $5,000
to support that family. Another man who is
a bachelor, and is contributing nothing to the
strength of the nation, can much easier pay a
large tax on his income than the former. It
is much more equitable and proper to lay it on
him than on the other, and yet the income tax
lays both these men on its procrustean bed.
Mr. President, the income tax on the face
of it at first blush seems to be an equitable and
just tax, because it says a man shall pay a cer-
tain percentage of what he receives in the course
of a year, and yet the circumstances of men are
so different that although this prima facie view
strikes one as correct, it is nevertheless a super-
ficial and imperfect view. The machinery of
the tax is such that it leads to an unjust collec-
tion in the case of honest men, while it lets
those dishonest men who are just as able to
pay it escape its burdens. I submit that no
assessor can possibly levy the tax and look at
the affairs of private individuals in such a way
as to make it an equitable tax, even admitting
the general principle to bo a correct one.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, it seems to me
that this is about the most unprofitable debate
I ever listened to in the Senate. The Senator
from Ohio, perhaps injudiciously, made a sin-
gle suggestion as t.o a bill which he would by
and by propose for the consideration of the
Senate, and he stated what he thought he would
be able to show the Senate when that time !
came; and that subject was the introduction j
of a bill to continue the income tax, or rather,
to be a little more accurate, to reenact it. Will ,
it not be ample time to discuss that subject j
when we get it? Have we not spent time
enough ? I have only risen now to say that a
debate so wide, so far out of order, ought not
to be continued; and the opponents of that
measure having consumed about all the time,
if any other Senator proposes to enlarge upon
this topic I shall certainly raise a question of
order.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I do not rise
to speak upon the measure now before the
Senate, but only to say that unless its friends
can come to a vote upon it very shortly I shall
call 1'or the order of the day.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think there will be no
further debate upon the question.
Mr. HOWARD. I gave way informally for
the purpose of the consideration of this tax
bill, but 1 did not suppose it was going to
occupy the whole afternoon, or a very large
part of it. I must insist on going on with the !
Northern Pacific railroad bill unless we can
vote on this. !
Mr. SHEIiMAN. X ask that the amend- j
menu as X have modified it, be read. !
The Oiiibf Clerk. The amendment is to I
strike out in lines five and six the words '* tax i
on incomes," and to insert '' tax on dividends, j
on interest payable by corporations, and on sal- 1
anes." i
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suggest to |
the Senator from Ohio to insert the word " offi* !
end" before "salaries." ;
ilr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to j
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment ;
will be so modified. :
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask that the last amend- j
ment bo reported, which seems to bo an addi-
tion to tho one of the chairman of the Commit- |
fee on Finance. ;
The VICE PRESIDENT. It. will again be !
reported willi the addition just made.
The Chief Cluuk. It is to strike out " tax
on incomes" and insert "the tax on dividends,
on interest payable by corporations, and on offi-
cial salaries and to strike out all after the
word "that," in the seventh line, to the end
of the resolution, and insert, "all such taxes
shall be held to continue for and during the
year 1870, and shall be collected in the mode
provided for in sections one hundred and twenty
to section one hundred and twenty-three, in-
clusive, of the act to provide internal revenue."
Mr. CASSERLY. The amendment is still
not, sufficient to clear up the obscurity, or rather
the possible ambiguity, in which the language
of the amendment of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance left the matter. The statute
in section onehundred and twenty-three speaks
of "salaries and all payments for services." I
had drawn up, on the basis of the bill as ree- j
ommended by the Committee on Ii'inance, an j
amendment which, it seems to me, leaves that j
matter perfectly plain, and to which I think I
the Senator from Ohi  will have no objection, j
because it limits the operation of the income j
tax law to those payments and salaries included
in section one hundred and twenty-three.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the effect of it
now. If the Senator can express it better. I
should like to hear the language he proposes.
Mr. CASSERLY. My proposition is also,
so far as I am concerned, more acceptable in
this, that it does not undertake to declare what
the law is, about which there might well be
some doubt. If adopted it would make the
bill as reported from the Committee on Finance
read in this way:
That so much of sections cne hundred and sixteen
to and including section one hundred and twenty-
tin ee of the act approved June 30. 186-1, entitled
"An act to provide ways and means for the support
of the Government, and tor other purposes,"' and
of the several acts amending said sections, bo so
amended that the tax imposed by said sections one
hundred and twenty to and including seetion one
hundred and twenty-three—
That covers the case of dividends, salaries,
and services—
"shall continue for and during tlie entire year 1870,
and no longer; and so much of said taxes as are not
paid or payable during said year shall bo oollected
and paid during the year 1871, in tho mode iireseribed
by said sections.
That is a direct act.
Mr. SHERMAN. The objection to that is,
that the last clause certainly would not have
any pertinency to the matter; and an objection
still further is that that goes back to the. income
tax, which I said to the Senator would not be
touched by my amendment. The income tax
is imposed by sections one hundred an4 six-
teen to one hundred and nineteen.
Mr. CASSERLY. This provides for the
collection of the tax laid from sections one hun-
dred and twenty to one hundred and twenty-
three. That is precisely the operation of it.
Mr. SHERMAN: We have very carefully
prepared the proposition in a shape which
accomplishes the object we have in view.
Mr. CASSERLY. I desire to ask whether if
the amendment of the Committee on Finance
be adopted it will then be in order to offer a
proviso?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be to add
to it. The question is on the amendment of
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 wish to know what we
are voting on.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
reported by the Committee on Finance as
modified by the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. SUMNER. I know that, but I wish to
know what it means. Here are the words of
the text: "official salaries." Does that in-
clude State salaries?
Mr. SHERMAN. No; sir; the "salaries"
meant are defined in section one hundred and
twenty-three.
Mr. SUMNER. But there is no allusion to
that. The language here is broad, "the tax
on official salaries and dividends in tho nature
of income tax."
Mr. SHERMAN. The previous section sets
out certain doubts in regard to those sections.
Then it says " tax on official salaries," namely,
salaries mentioned in the section.
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator is satisfied
that it is not open to ambiguity 
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is not, certainly, taking
it all together.
Mr. SUMNER. Taking it all together I
understand it is not; but I wish to be sure on
that point.
Mr. CASSERLY. I suggest to the Senator
from Massachusetts that the difficulty which
he has mentioned is the very one which is not
avoided by the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio, and which I desire to cure by adopting
the very words of his own amendment as to
sections one hundred and twenty to one hun-
dred and twenty-three. This proposed amend-
ment of mine I respectfully submit does cover
that ground precisely, and shows beyond possi-
bility of any doubt, by referring to section one
hundred and twenty-three, in terms that wo
mean only to reach salaries and payments for
services under the United States.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not want to consume
time. If the Secretary will read the amend-
ment of the committee as it stands, and any
Senator has any doubts, we can then change
it to meet them.
Mr. SUMNER. I have not the original
statute before me.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let the resolution be read
as it will stand if amended as now proposed.
The Chief Clerk. The resolution,ifamended
as proposed, will read:
That whereas doubts have oris® and; conflicting
decisions have been mode m the^.fiereDt Depart-
ments of tho Government m regard to the construc-
tion of the laws relating to the taxes on dividends,
on interest payable by corporations, on official sala-
ries, it IS hereby declared to be the true intent and
