1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5321
as it then stood. I wish the Clerk would be
good enough to indicate the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT^ The Chair re-
members that the last bill objected to was the
House bill granting a pension to Mrs. Lincoln,
when the Senate were acting under what is
known as the Anthony rule.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; I will begin there.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not yield
the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine objects.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will
allow this arrangement to be made.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will if the
Senate will consent to vote upon it, and not
debate it-
Mr. SUMNER. I do not want to say any-
thing about it. -
Mr. FOWLER. If the Calendar is to com-
mence where the Chair has ruled X shall have
no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts states distinctly that he alludes
to the call of the Calendar during the eight
or ten days that the Senate was engaged in
considering it under what is known as the
Anthony rule, and the last bill objected to then
was the bill for the relief of Mrs. Lincoln.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well ; let us take up
the Calendar at that point.
Mr. THAYER. And then begin again, if
wo should get through.
Mr. FOWLER. Under that order, il we
should get through the Calendar, would we
commence ntthe beginning again?
The VICW PRESIDENT. If the order
should be agreed to, and the Senate should got
through the Calendar on Friday evening, com-
mencing at the point indicated, they would
commence at the beginning again.
Mr. FOWLER. Under those circumstances
I object.
Mr. CASSERLY. I desire to ask what nas
become of the bill which, had the session last
night continued longer, probably would have
been reached, at least for debate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair stated
yesterday afternoon that under the order made
postponing the naval appropriation bill by unan-
imous consent until twelve o'clock to-day, what-
over was left undisposed of ut the conclusion of
the night session must go back upon the Calen-
dar, as there could not be two bills left as unfin-
ished business. The naval appropriation bill,
by unanimous consent, was determined to be
the unfinished business for the day, and the
evening was to be devoted to the consideration
of other bills so far as they could be disposed
of, any bill remaining undisposed 01 to go back
on the Calendar.
Mr. CASSERLY. I should be very glad
indeed if that Australian bill could resume the
place which it seems to have lost, without,
however, interfering with the conference report
on the Army bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thatwihdepend
on the action of the Senate on the conference
report on the Army bill this evening. I he
Senator from Maine now insists 011 the regular
order. ,
Mr. THAYER. I ask if a vote cannot be
taken on the proposition of the Senator from
Massachusetts? .
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. There is no
end to this debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair w*Ul
state that during the pendency of this bill it
reauires unanimous consent to make any order.
Air. THAYER. I call for a vote on tne
motion of the Senator from Massachusetts.
* Mr. DRAKE. It musf bo done by unan-
imous consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Tennessee has objected. ...
Mr FOWLER. I withdraw the oojection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the resolution that Friday evening be
devoted to the consideration ot unobjected
cases on the Calendar, commencing where the
Calendar was left off under the Anthony rale,
some two or three months since ?
Mr. CASSERLY. I object.
Mr. SUMNER and others. I hope not.
The VrCE_ PRESIDENT. The_ Senator
from California objects to the resolution.
Mr. CARPENTER. Is it in order to move
to amend the resolution of the Senator from
Massachusetts?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not. _ The
resolution can only be considered by unanimous
consent, as there is a bill pending, and objec-
tion is made, or else by postponing the pres-
ent bill and proceeding to the consideration
of the resolution.
naval appropkiation bill.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 1533) making appropriations
for the naval service for the year ending June
30. 1871.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring in the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole, and if no separate,
special vote is demanded on any amendment
made in Committee of the Whole they will be
acted upon in gross.
Mr. DRAKE. There is one amendment
which was put upon this bill in Committee of
the Whole which should he struck out, because
it is in the terms of a bill that was then pend-
ing, and which has since passed and become a
law. It is the amendment, the Secretary will
observe, regulating the effect of a vote of
thanks of Congress. I cannot designate it in
any other way, because the amendments are
not numbered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
has it. That amendment will be reserved.
Mr. SPENCER. I desire to reserve an
amendment 
Mr. DRAKE. I have not yielded the floor.
I wish to know 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Missouri lias reserved one amendment.
The Senator from Alabama also desires to
reserve an amendment; but the Senator from
Missouri can proceed if he desires at this time.
Mr. DRAKE. If the Chair is now calling
for reservations of amendments I shall not
say anything at this moment; but there are
some slight amendments to the amendments
adopted in committee which I wish to hiake
before the vote is taken, whenever the Chair
will signify to me that it is proper to offer
those amendments.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that unless they involve the striking out
of language in the amendments made in Com-
mittee of the Whole they can be acted upon
after the vote has been taken on concurrence.
Unless the Senator desires to strike out a por-
tion of the language of the amendments agreed
to in committee, the amendments he desires
to move to the amendments made in commit-
tee can be moved in the Senate, where the bill
is now. 1
Mr. DRAKE. I wish in one place to strike j
out a word and insert another.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will the Sen-
ator reserve the amendments that he desires
action upon ? That is the shortest way.
Mr. DRAKE. I could present them and
liave them acted upon 
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us concur m the
other amendments now.
- Mr. DRAKE. The difficulty is to state
where they can be put.
Mr. MORIULL, of Maine. I call for the
question, whatever it is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Alabama desires to have an amendment
reserved. ,
Mr. DRAKE. Then I call for a reserva-
tion of the whole of the amendments.
Mr. SPENCER. Is it necessary for me to
make a reservation now?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not, as the
Senator from Missouri calls for a separate vote
on all the amendments. This involves going
over all of the details of the bill again. The
Secretary will report the first amendment made
in Committee of the Whole.
The first amendment was, on page 1, line
eight, in the clause making an appropriation
for the pay of officers of the Navy, to strike
out the words " at sea, on shore, on special
service, and of those on the retired list and
unemployed."
The VICE PRESIDENT^ If there be no
objection this amendment will be regarded as
concurred in.
Mr. DRAKE. I do not desire to have the
time of the Senate consumed in going through
the whole of these amendments seriatim.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. ButtheSenator
is consuming the time of the Senate by not
stating the amendments he desires reserved.
If the Senator has any particular amendment
that he wishes to except, let him do so and
then offer the amendment to that amendment
afterward.
Mr. DRAKE. Let me explain to the hon-
orable chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations how I am situated. I cannot desig-
nate the particular amendments, because they
are not numbered. There is the trouble. _ If
I could have permission to move these little
amendments which I wish to add to the amend-
ments already made, before the Senate vote
upon concurring in them, then my whole object
would be accomplished.
Mr. SPENCER. Let it be done by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What does the
Senator want to move ?
Mr. DRAKE. On page 9 of the printed
amendments ofthe Committee on Naval Affairs,
line one hundred and thirty, I desire to strike
out the word 11 commission" and insert the
word " appointmentso that it will read :
Professors of mathematics and civil engineers dur-
ing the first five years after date of appointment,
yrh.cn on duty, $2,100.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection that amendment to the amendment
will be regarded as agreed to.
Mr. DRAKE. Then I have an amendment
on page 10; but that can be offered hereafter.
Then on page 13, at the end of the manu-
script portion of that amendment, after the
word "act," I propose to_ insert "and the
grade of third assistant engineer on the active
list is hereby abolished."
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection this will be considered as agreed to.
These are amendments to amendments made
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. DRAKE. Then on page 14, at the end
of the manuscript amendment there, I propose
to add the following:
And in every such case the period of service of the
party in the grade to which he was promoted shall,
in reference to the rate of his pay, bo considered to
have commenced from the date when he was entitled
to examination.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be 110
objection this will be regarded as agreed to.
Air. SPENCER. I desire to reserve the
amendment oil page 16 of the bill, after line
three hundred and eighty; and I also desire
to reserve the amendmentou page 18, line four
hundred and thirty-two, as I wish to move an
amendment to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Those amend-
ments will be regarded as reserved.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to offer an amendment
striking outeertaiu sections of theamendments
offered by the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Kentucky refer to the amendment
in reference to the pay list?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be
regarded as reserved. If there be no further
reservations the remaining amendments made
as in Committee of the Whole will be regarded
as concurred m. They are concurred in ; and
the Secretary will report the first reserved
amendment.
The Chief Clerk. The first reserved amend-
