1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
283
Mr. SAWYER presented the petition of J.
A. Johnson and others, citizens of Beaufort,
South Carolina, praying for an appropriation to
pay for the library burned in the Smithsonian
Institution building; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. ROBERTSON presented the petitions
of William Shiver, of Richland county, South
Carolina, of Robert McKay, of the city of
Greenville, South Carolina; of John Enlow,
of Yorkville, South Carolina; and of Henry W.
Turpen, M. D., of Washington, District of
Columbia, praying for the removal of their
political disabilities ; which were referred to
the select Committee on the Removal of-Polit-
ical Disabilities.
Mr. KELLOGG presented the petition of B.
F. Williams, of Louisiana, praying the re-
moval of his political disabilities ; which was
referred lo the select Committee on the Re-
moval of Political Disabilities.
lie also presented a petition of citizens of
New Orleans, Louisiana, praying the establish-
ment of a navy-yard at that port; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. FERRY presented the petition of Rich-
ard H. Coclcerill, W. R. Chapman. John II.
Barnes, O. W. Hunt, Walter Powell, Jolin R.
Taylor, H. W. Thomas, Thomas R. Love, and
P. 1). Richardson, of Fairfax county,Virginia,
praying the removal of their political disabili-
ties ; which were referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. I'OMEROY presented the petition of
Peter P. Batts and others, of Virginia, praying
the removal of their political disabilities ; which
was referred lo the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. SHERMAN presented tho petition of S.
W. Wood, of Canton, Madison county, Missis-
sippi, praying tho removal of his political dis-
abilities ; which was referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. PRATT presented the petition of Abel
S. Chase, of Indiana, praying to be allowed a
pension ; which was referred to tho Committee
on Pensions.
H e also presented a petition of late members
of the twenty-fourth battery of Indiana volun-
teer artillery, praying that a pension be granted
to Abel S. Chase, late a private in said battery ;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
He also presented a petition of citizens of the
United States, praying that a pension be granted
to Abel S. Chase, late a private in the twenty-
fourth battery of Indiana volunteer artillery;
which was referred lo tho Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. SUMNER presented tho petition of
Benjamin 1<\ Burnham, second lieutenant com-
pany I, eighty-fourth United States colored
infantry, praying the allowance of a pension ;
which w'as referred to tho Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. CONKLTNG. I present a petition of
citizens of Buffalo, Erie county, New York,
asking for the removal of the duty on coal.
This petition is very numerously signed and
by men who know whereof they affirm. They
recite that within a few years the cost of coal
has been doubled, and present a case which
they deem a grievous one, the remedy for
which they say is to remove the duty upon this
necessity of life. I move that the petition be
referred to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON. 1 have a petition of like
character to that just presented by my col-
league, forwarded to me by a committee of
the citizens of Buffalo appointed at a public-
meeting held during the past fall. This peti-
tion is signed by two hundred and eighteen
highly respectable citizens of Buffalo, asking
that the duties on coal may be removed for
the reasons set forth in it. I move that it be
referred to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON also presented the petition
of Charlotte Crane, of the town of Northfield,
county of Richmond, State of New York,
widow of the late Icliabod B. Crane, colonel
of the first regiment of artillery in the regular
Army of the United States, praying to be
allowed a pension ; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
OBITUARY ADDRESSES.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution for the
printing" of copies of the eulogies delivered on
the late Mr. Fessenden, in the Senate and House,
have instructed me to report it back with an
amendment; and I ask for its immediate con-
sideration.
By unanimous consent the Senate proceeded
to consider the following concurrent resolution:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concumnK,) That thero bo published in pam-
phlet form lor tho uso ol' the Senate throo thousand
copies, and five thousand copies 1'or the use of tho
House, of tho addrepi-es made in tho Senate and
llouso of Representatives on tho occasion of the
announcement of the dentil of lion. William Pitt
Kessenden.
The amendment reported by the Committee
on Printing was to add to the resolution:
And that tho Secretary of tho Treasury havo
printed tho portrait of Mr. Fessenden, to accompany
tho same.
The amendment was adopted.
The resolution, as amended, was agreed to.
SAN FRANCISCO CUST0M-1I0USH BLOCK.
Mr. PATTERSON. The Committee on
Retrenchment, to whom was referred House
joint resolution No. 77, disapproving of aeon
tract for leasing the custom-house block in San
Francisco, have had it under consideration, and
have instructed mo to report it back with a
recommendation that it pass ; and I ask imme-
diate action on it, inasmuch as it must pass
before the adjournment in order to nullify tho
lease to which it refers.
liy unanimous consent, the joint resolution
(II. 11. No. 77) disapproving of a contract for
leasing the custom-house block, in San Fran-
cisco, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It provides that the certain agreement
made the 11th day of February, 180'.), between
the United States, acting by Hugh McCulloch,
Secretary of the Treasury, of the one pait, and
John R. Buekbec and Henry F. Williams of
tho other part, for the leasing of the lot in San
Francisco, California, known as the custom-
house block, for til o period of twenty-five years,
for certain considerations therein named, be
disapproved and annulled.
Mr. PATTERSON. Mr. President, it has
been reported very generally in the public
journals that there was a fraud and a job in
this lease. The committee inquired very thor-
oughly into this matter in San Francisco, and
also in this city. They find no job nor any
fraud in the lease whatever. Nevertheless it
was the opinion of the committee that the lease
ought not to go into operation. The lease pro-
vides that the two parties named shall have
possession of this land for twenty-live years ;
that they shall put upon it a building costing
not less than $80,000, which building is to go
into the possession of the United States Gov-
ernment at the expiration of this term of
twenty-live years; that they shall furnish apart- i
ments for the use of the assessors of internal ,
revenue, and that they shall pay a rent of 1
§12,000 in gold annually for tho us-: of the
land. I believe generally it was the opinion
of tho committee that that was a proper and suf-
ficient consideration for this land at the present
time. But at the same time they thought it
not proper to let this land go out of the power j
of the United States for that length of time, I
believing that before the expiration of the j
twenty-five years the land would be worth very j
much more than $12,000 a year. We are 1
paying at this time in San Francisco $G7,800 i
a year for the rent of offices for various Gov- I
ernment purposes. It is thought, perhaps, that !
it may be wise for the Government to put up
a building on this custom-house block for the
accommodation of the offices which are now
paying this rent.
There would be no difference of opinion as
to the policy of the Government in this respect
were it not that the architect of the Treasury
has decided that this is not a suitable place for
a public building because the land is made land,
and the buildings to be erected there would have
to be erected on piles. Certainly there can be
no objection to building a custom-house or any
other public edifice on piles if the land is not to
be shaken up by earthquakes. The theory is
that the piles passing down to a depth of eighty
feet, the building erected on the top of those
piles is on the long arm of a lever, so that when
the lower end is jostled by the earthquake throe
the upper end oscillates and the building is
cracked and destroyed. It is, however, certain
that the ground on which the mint is placed in
San Francisco is built on a solid rock, which
extends down, so far as known, to the very
center of this earthquake force; and thatbuild-
ingwas so jostled that the parties, the sick, the
lame, tho halt, and the blind who were in there,
left the building in great haste, and it was
thought entirely out of place to put the build-
ing on solid rock where the country was likely
to be jostled by an earthquake.
On the other hand, the custom-house is built
on the top of piles where the ground is yielding
and gives to the throe of the earthquake, and
that is said to be an improper place. It is a
little difficult to find where the golden mean is
on which a building can be properly placed in
San Francisco. However, this is true: that
San Francisco has not suffered as much by
earthquakes within the period of tho settlement
of this country as New England. I believe
that is a historic fact. New England certainly
has had two earthquakes much more severe
than any which have been suffered in San Fran
cisco. We had one in 1727. We had another
in 1755 or 1756—1 do not remember the exact
year—much more severe than the late earth-
quake which occurred in San Francisco a year
ago. Therefore it is rather the opinion of the
committee, I believe, that we had better run
our risks of earthquakes. 1 know the policy
of this Government of late has been not to go
into the domestic earthquake business, but to
secure a site for earthquakes outside of the
Republic, [laughter ;] but it is the general im-
pression of the committee that we had better
notput this site, earthquakes or no earthquakes,
out of tho possession of the Government for
this length of time.
I will state further, that the committee are in
doubt as to whether the Secretary of the Treas-
ury has any right to lease public land. I went
to the Attorney General to get an opinion on
that subject. I was informed, however, that
such an opinion could only be given when tho
request came from the President or the head
of a Department; and as wc had not time to
go through all the machinery of getting that
opinion, it is an open question to-day whether
the Secretary of the Treasury has any right to
make such a lease or not.
1 will say that the title to this land was secured
by the parties who have this lease. The Govern-
ment paid §150,000 for this custom-house block
several years ago, upon the condition that it
should be used for public purposes only. A cus-
tom-house was built upon half of the block; the
rest was left open, and it became a receptacle
tor all kinds of filth and a general rendezvous of
wharf-rats, and therefore has been a nuisance to
the city of San Francisco, especially this part of
the city. The parties who own property about
it are very anxious that it should be employed
in some way and brought into use. The parties
wlm have secured this contract went to tho
Legislature of California and secured a perfect
title to this land in the United States, and in
consequence of their efforts and expense in
that direction the Secretary of the Treasury
gave to them this lease.
