4378
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
tlae amendment offered by my colleague, [Mr.
Logan.] The necessity for these harbors of
refuge is within my own -personal knowledge
and experience. 1 have seen our lake front,
after a norther or northeaster, almost lined
with stranded and wrecked vessels. Within
five hundred feet of the front door of my house
1 have seen vessels stranded and wrecked for
want of harbor facilities.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has ruled the
amendment of the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Logan] out of order.
Mr. LOGAN. Before the nest paragraph
is read I desire the Clerk to read the letter of
instructions by the chief of engineers for the
guidance, of the board, addressed to Colonel
Macomb.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Illinois asks unanimous consent to have a letter
from the chief of engineers read.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not ask unanimous con-
sent. I desire to have this document read in
order to show that last year the mouth of Cal-
umet river was ordered by the chief of engin-
eers to be surveyed, with the view of going on
to show that the survey was made and reported
upon.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I believe the amendment
1ms been ruled out at least twice, and I object
to any further debate upon it.
Mr. LOGAN. It was decided while my
attention was drawn in another direction, and
without these instructions being read which I
now send to the desk.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will allow
the document to be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Office of tiie Chief of Exgisekrs,
Wasiiixotmt, D. C., January 5,1870.
Colonel: * " * * Tho board will
take into consideration tho plans submitted by
Urevet Colonel Wheeler for the outer harbor at
Chicago, and report upon tho necessity, proper loca-
tion, and mode of construction of such a harbor; and,
in connection with the subject of additional lacili-
tios needed for the security of the commerce of
thai city, will take into consideration the relation
of the Calumet river to the harbor of Chicago ; the
feasibility of improving the mouth of that stream;
and whether it is practicable to use tho Calumet for
the purpose of affording additional facility to com-
lncrce, taking into consideration not only the pres-
ent trade of Chicago but that which may bo reason-
ably oxpected in the near future.
Colonel J. ST. Macomb,
Corps of Engineers, Mihoaukee, Wisconsin.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules that a
mere survey by the engineer does not bring
the amendment within the rule. The rule is as
follows:
" No appropriation shall be reported in such gen-
eral appropriation bills, or bo in order as an amend-
ment thereto, for any expenditure not previously
authorized by law, unless in continuation ofappro-
priations for such publio works and objects as are
already in progress, and for tho contingencies for
carryingon the several Departments of the Uovern-
ment."—liulelZO.
As this work is not already in progress, the
Chair.rules that the amendment is not in order.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire, then, to offer an
amendment which may be in older. I move
to substitute "$150,000" for "$100,000;"
so that the paragraph will read :
For enlargement of .harbor facilities at Chicago,
Illinois, according to the plans of tho enginoer
department, $150,000.
I move this that the additional $50,000 may
be used for a harbor of refuge.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I believe we have passed
that item in the bill.
Mr. LOGAN. I hope the gentleman will
not be so captious.
Mr. JUDD. The item was read and passed.
Mr. LOGAN. My motion is to insert in line
one hundred and eighty-two, after the words
"one hundred," the word "fifty."
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment is in
order.
Mr. LOGAN. Now, I desire to say a few
words in regard to the amendment, although
it is difficult to get an amendment offered here
at all while the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Benjamin,] who 1 believe controls points of
order in this House, is here.
Now, I desire to say to the House that an
appropriation of $100,000 for the harbor of
Chicago is a very small appropriation when
you consider the importance of that harbor.
There is evidence here on the floor to show
that vessels have been lost—one vessel belong-
ing to a member of this House—for want of a
proper harbor of refuge. There is evidence
here showing that during the months of May,
June, July, and August twelve thousand five
hundred and sixty-four vessels were cleared
at the harbor of Chicago, and six thousand
three hundred and thirty-six vessels entered
at that harbor. The House must see, if they
examine the matter, and if they desire to
appropriate money for the benefit of the com-
merce of the country, that an appropriation
of $100,000 is no amount at all for such a
haibor. Any man who has lived in Chicago,
or who has been there at all, knows that the
storms on that lake cause a great many vessels
to be lost right there in front of the city. I
have myself seen the masts of as many as
three vessels at a time sticking up from the
water which had been lost there during the
night within a mile or two of the shore. They
had been driven by the pier which I men-
tioned awhile ago, and there was no harbor of
refuge in which they could seek safety. It is
for the protection of life and properly that I
ask this appropriation, in behalf not only of
the citizens of Chicago, but of the ship-owners
generally.
If this $50,000 were appropriated in con-
nection with the $100,000 to be expended on
the harbor of Chicago, inasmuch as no desig-
nation is made of the length of that harbor, it
could be expended for the purpose of preparing
a harbor of refuge. The ship owners of Chi-
cago desire this much for the protection of
their property, and I do hopo the House will
adopt the amendment making this small appro-
priation, because it is absolutely necessary;
indeed, three times as much is necessary, but
this amount will do, because the citizens of
Chicago say, as I believe their agent here
informed the committee, that they will them-
selves raise the balance that may be necessary
out of their own private means, so as to make
this a good and secure harbor of refuge.
Mr. CONGER. Mr. Chairman, no one can
be more fully impressed with the importance
of a large appropriation for Chicago harbor,
or, perhaps, tor the preparation of a harbor of
refuge at Calumet, than I am; but tho commit-
tee, taking into consideration the vast amount
of shipping which enters thatharbor, have made
such appropriations as they felt authorized to
do for the harbor at Chicago and for the harbor
at the head of the lake at Michigan City, which
is also a harbor of refuge for vessels passing
Chicago and Saint Joseph's on the other side.
Now, Chicago harbor, in its present condition,
is perhaps as good as it can be made, consid-
ering its size and limits within which vessels can
go. The committee have appropriated, very
properly, as I think, $100,000 to commence
the making of a breakwater outside of the pres-
ent harbor, to commence that very important
work to give protection to vessels which cannot
enter the harbor, to do the very„thing which
it is proposed to do at Calumet.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to call the attention
of the gentleman to the report of the engineer
department. Ho will find that while the com-
mittee have appropriated $100,000, $807,000
were asked for.
Mr. CONGER. I am aware of that; but I
desire to say to the gentleman, not in any un-
friendly spirit at all to his improvement, that
not feeling able to appropriate $300,000, and
still desiring to put this very important work
in course of construction, the committee have
recommended an appropriation of $100,000
to commence the breakwater; all that cau be
expended this fall, as the engineers themselves
say. And next winter and the winter follow-,
ing, and at all times, when the finances of the
country will permit and the will of Congress
will indicate, the Committee on Commerce
will recommend additional appropriations, in
order that there may be constructed at Chicago
a harbor of refuge suitable to the increased
commerce of that vast inland sea, Ihe Lake
of Michigan. Now, with the improvement at
Chicago of this outer harbor of refuge, which
is recommended by the engineers, the improve-
ment of Calumet river will be unnecessary, for
all the vessels that need protection can go into
the harbor of refuge.
Mr. EOGAN. They have estimated for
nearly a million dollars for a harbor, to be
created by building a wall out into the lake.
Now, by expending $50,000 to open the mouth
of the Calumet river, which can be done this
season, we can obtain the benefit of a harbor
at once; while the other harbor cannot be
constructed in five years.
Mr. CON GER. The gentleman has spoken
already three or four times on this subject.
I hope ho will let some one else say a word.
I say that the improvement of the Calumet
river would be useful; yet you cannot make a
harbor there of more thau one hundred and
fifty feet in width.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. AXTELL. I move to amend the amend-
ment by increasing the amount appropriated
to §800,000. - And in this connection allow me
to say that I have had the honor of submitting
to this very laborious and honorable Commit-
tee of Commerce, which, unfortunately, has
not upon it a single member from the great
Pacific coast, a report of B. S. Alexander,
lieutenant colonel of engineers and brevet
brigadier general of the Army'of the United
States—a man acknowledged to be one of the
ablest officers in the corps of engineers. He
says that for $350,000 the harhor at Wilming-
ton, California, can be completed. Now, for
four hundred miles along that coast, from San
Diego to San Francisco, there is no harbor
where a vessel can lie in safety.
The point to which I wish to call the attention
of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan]
and other gentlemen, is this: General Alex-
ander recommends the laying out of all the
$350,000 at once on the work. He says:
"I will add, in conclusion, that, in mv judgment,
this work should not be undertaken by piecemeal—
a little this year and a little more nest yoar, and so
on. If it should be tmdertaken in this way I think
it would prove, ifnot an entire failure, at least cnorm-
oubly expensive. My reason for this assertion is
based on experience.
" If we undertake to stop up a. channel of running
water by beginning at one or both shores and filling
out toward the middle, as the water-way becomes
contracted tliewater invariably cuts for itself, if the
bottom is of a nature to be washed away, a deep
channel right at the end of the obstruction, so that
the filling has to be made in a depth of water con-
tinually increasing, until, as the ends of the work
approach each other tho depth of the filling becomes
so great as to lead to great expense, or to an aban-
donment of the work."
The estimate of the engineers for the harbor
at Chicago is $800,000, and we are able to
appropriate the amount now. No man in his
private affairs, if he needed to make a great
improvement, would do it by piecemeal, allow-
ing the work of one year to rot down and be
destroyed by the timo he began the work of
next year. If we can appropriate $800,000
for this purpose I think it would be well to
appropriate itthis year. And it seemsstrange
lo me that you caunos afford a single dollar for
the thousand miles of coast on the Pacific,
while you can give amounts smaller or larger
for the improvement of little rivers in Maine
and all along the Atlantic coast.
Mr. CONGER. Has there been any esti-
mate by the Engineer Bureau, or any member
from the Pacific coast, before the Committee
on Commerce, requesting an appropriation?
Mr. SAWYER. There was not
Mr. CONGER. I think there was not.
