532
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 25,
Senate.
Naturalization—Mr. Bayard.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
result, in the rapid extinguishment of the pres-
ent forms of the United States debt.
This bill further provides that the Secretary
of the Treasury shall forthwith prepare regis-
tered and coupon bonds or consols of such
denominations and to an amount that may be
required to supply the demand, and bearing
interest at the rate of three and sixty-five hun-
dredths per cent, per annum, payable semi-
annually ; which bonds shall be exchangeable
for any of the outstanding indebtedness of the
United States at the market value in gold coin,
whether in bonds, three per cent, certificates,
Treasury notes, or national bank notes, and
also for gold and silver coin. And it further
provides that the money and bonds authorized
by this act shall always be exchangeable for
each other at their par value, with the accrued
interest, by the Treasurer, Assistant Treasurers,
and by designated depositories of the United
States. And section four provides that the
registered bonds authorized by this bill may
be exchanged for deposit, for bonds now held
by the Treasurer, under existing laws, within
one year; and if not exchanged within one
year the Treasurer is authorized to make such
exchange for all bonds not previously with-
drawn. And the fifth section provides that
the bonds and the interest thereon issued under
this act shall bo exempt from tax either by
the United States or any State or local author-
ity ; the rate of interest being so low, only
three and sixty-five hundredths per cent, per
annum, that without this express exemption
the bouds would not be taken.
From this, Mr. Speaker, it will appear that
the two great features of this bill are: first,
that the amount of circulating medium in cir-
culation will depend entirely upon the demand,
the supply always being equal to the demand.
Tli is in vol vest he self adjusting principle, or the
recognition in monetary affairs of tho law of
. supply mid demand, and would guaranty a
condition of industrial and commercial pros-
perity to the people hitherto unknown, and
would prevent, a recurrence of those financial
revulsions and monetary panics which have
cursed and prostrated our country in former
years. The second feature involves that other
groat principle of interehangeability or con-
vertibility of currency into bonds or of bonds
into currency at the option of the holder. Tho
application of this principle would regulate the
amount of money in circulation in exact accord-
ance with the legitimate demands of tho busi-
ness wants of the country.
I cannot, bettor express the principles in-
volved in thissvsieni than by reading sin extract
lioin the New Yoik Mercantile Journal, edited
by Mr. Wallace P. Groom. I will read it:
" la the intcrclinngcnhilily (at tho option of tho
holder) ot national paper money with Government
bund^ bc:u in^ .l iixed rato of interest thoru is a .subtle
mtneipU: tliut win regulate the movements of fmunco
anil commerce accurately as tho motion of tho
f,team-eiu;mo is regulated by its 'governor.' "
This extract, or, more properly speaking,
this financial axiom, ought to be committed
to memory by every man m this country, and
it'll were J do not believe it would be long till
the Krci'f principle contained therein would be
applied to our monetary system.
These ate the fundamental principles con-
tained in my substitute, and if this bill shall
t)"Come law the benefits resulting to our entire
country can hardly be overestimated. Of the
evils of our present system which could be
eradicated, and of the blessings conferred by
the adoption of this system, I have not time
to speak us fully as I desire. They must be
apparent to all, if they will but consider and
relied without piejudiceupon the two systems.
J lie new system will make money cheap and
reliable. Thh is the great desideratum. With
mont y dear we retrograde; with money cheap,
v/e advance. No protective tariff can protect
our industries against the baleful effects of dear
money. By dear money I mean money that
commands a high rate of interest, and money
that demands above five per cent, interest is dear
money. In Europe the general interest rate
for money is low; or, in othgr words, money in
Europe is cheap; hence the great advantage in
manufacturing that the people of Europe have
over our people, where money is dear. What
we want is more money to relieve the people
as well as the manufacturers, and less tariff to
relieve the people; hence I assert that with
more money and less tariff a new era of pros-
perity would dawn upon us. Put the provisions
of this bill into operation, and then labor will
be in active demand over the entire length and
breadth of the Republic, and at fair and satis-
factory wages. Old enterprises that are now
languishing and unprofitable would revive and
yield a fair profit; new enterprises would be
inaugurated, and our products and our wealth
would soon be doubled. The weight of taxa-
tion would be scarcely felt, and we then could
pay our taxes out of our profits; now we are
compelled to pay them out of our capital;
hence we hear continually bitter complaints.
This would nol be so under this new system.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I must leave this subject
for the present, and submitittoyou, the Repre-
sentatives of tho people; and in doing so I
appeal to you to vote for this substitute, as being
in the interest of the masses of the people who
sent you here. In voting for this bill you vote
for cheap money, which is essential to the
prosperity of our country ; you vote that labor
shall he in demand, and that the laborer shall be
better paid ; you vote that the mechanic and
the farmer shall obtain remunerative prices for
the prod nets of their labor; you vote for lessen-
ing the burdens of taxation ; you vote for mak-
ing the payment of the public debt a matter of
speedy and easy accomplishment; and, finally,
you vote that the people shall bo prosperous,
contented, and happy, and that the Republic
shall maintain its faith and honor, and that it
shall ever be the best, freest, and grandest Gov-
ernment on the earth; and when you return to
your respective constituencies 1 imagine that
you will receive their grateful thauks, accom-
panied with the words, " Well done, good and
faithful servants 1"
Naturalization.
SPEECH OF HON. TIIOS. E. BAYARD,
OK DRr.AW.VUK,
Ix THE SEXATE OF TIIE UNITED ST.VTKK,
June 25, 1370.
Tho Senato having undor consideration tlie bill
(II. It,. No. 2201) to amend tho naturalization laws,
ancl to punisli crimen against tho same—-
Mr. BAYARD said:
Mr. President: It is not very important,,
perhaps, whether the remarks 1 propose to
make oil this bill are made before the question
is taken on the substitution of these five sec-
tions or after. I can only say that no five sec-
tions of any bill were ever before the Congress
of the United States that would not be an im-
provement upon the bill reported here by the
honorable Senator from New York. No amend-
ment could make the first five sections of that
bill worse; it might make them better. There-
fore, as a choice between two evils, I shall
hope the amendment of the Senator from Mis-
souri will be adopted.
This bill, reported to the Senate on the 18th
of June, 1870, is proposed now to be acted upon
on the 25th, at the close of a session which has
been distinguished by the multiplicity of im-
portant measures that have bean pressed upon
the attention of the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator will allow
me to interrupt him, I beg to inform him that
the measure was reported on the 2Gth of May,
not as a substitute for the present House bill,
but reported in a separate bill precisely as it is
now, with the exception of one brief section.
Mr. BAYARD. Then we have this other very
long period of consideration in the Senate of
thirty days more, in which it is supposed the
measure first saw light, to reverse those laws
respecting the admission of aliens to the rights
of citizenship in this country, under which we
have lived almost from the foundation of our
Government.
From the intimations, however, of tho hon-
orable Senator who introduced this bill, and
from that blast of the party trumpet that rang
through this Chamber this morning, in which
he called on his coadjutors in this body to stand
by him and pai^s this bill, [ take it for granted
that no time for discussion is to be allowed
beyond that which we can take and make out
of to-day, whether with or without the prep-
aration which at least I for one should like
to address myself to a subject so grave and
important as this.
The Senator spoke with full knowledge of
Jlie great numerical strength of his party in
this body. He could not overrate it, for its
power we have felt, and shall feel again, no
doubt, whenever the call of party is made. Laws
may sometimes bo repealed as well as made at
the right time, but all that can be done now
with the very imperfect opportunity I have had
to examine this measuie, never actually hav-
ing read this substitute proposed for the Ilouse
bill (for which this substitute is offered by the
eommittce) until this morning, and even in
that time my duties upon a very important
committee of this body, the Committee on Fi-
nance, whoso measures have been discussed
here and discussed in committee so constantly
for the last three weeks, have left me very little
time to treat this subject as I feel it deserves.
The bill seems to affcct a reform in our elec-
tions. It professes, to use tho language of the
honorable Senator who introduced it, to put its
heel upon fraud at popular elections. Now,
sir, of the fraud that attends elections I know
but little. The community in which I was born
and have lived knows little or nothing of such
frauds as are suggested to be cured by the
measure now before us. I can remember very
well, in the fall of 18G1, when I found myself,
in search of health, in the city of Albany, find-
ing there a number of the paper called the
Albany Evening Journal, in which the causes
of the war then existing in our country were
stated to have originated in the want of some
§50,000 to the corruption fund of the party to
which that paper was attached, and winch, as
the editor said, if he could have had control
of, in addition to the sum under his command,
the election in tho State of Pennsylvania would
have resulted differently, and that by the elec-
tion of General Fr&moet and the defeat of Mr.
Buchanan in 1850 this war would have been
prevented. It occurred to me then that when
the institutions of our country should stand on
nothing better than the question of raising
more or less of money for the purpose of influ-
encing the votes of our citizens at elections it
was almost time for a war to come ; it was one
of those conditions of confessed corruption
when society needed the purification, bitter
though it might be, that war certainly accom-
plishes.
I had known nothing of the use of moneys in
elections; to this day I know nothing of the
use of moneys in elections ; for I say here, and
I say it, for the party with which I act and with
which the large body of naturalized citizens of
the little State in which I live act, that to this ,
hour I never knew the use of money to control
votes in our behalf there, nor a man who took
his place as a Democrat by tho use of money
either in this Chamber or in the House of Rep-
resentatives.
I do know this, however; that people who are
