3434
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
mittee be discharged from the farther consid-
eration of the first two bills, and that the other
go upon the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first two
bills will be indefinitely postponed if there be
no objection, and the other bill will be placed
upon the Calendar.
Mr. SUMNER. The Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred a peti-
tion of citizens of New Hampshire, praying an
appropriation of $30,000, subject to the order
of Mrs. Josephine S. Griffin, for the relief of
the poor in the District of Columbia, have had
the same under consideration, and havedirected
me to report back to the Senate a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 149) for the temporary relief
of the poor of the District of Columbia, with
an amendment, the joint resolution being one
introduced at a former day by my colleague
and referred to the committee. If there be no
objection I hope the Senate will act on the
resolution at once. It is for the temporary
relief of the poor in the District of Columbia.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Did we not pass a bill on
that subject the other day?
Mr. VICKERS. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maryland objects.
Mr. SUMNER. There is no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Did the Senator
from Maryland object or not? The Chair
understood that he did.
Mr. VICKERS. I did.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred a resolution
directing that committee to examine the second
and third parts of the Globe of 1866 and 1867,
and report what action is necessary to correct
the misplacement of dates and pages of those
volumes,submitted a report; which was ordered
to lie on the table, ana be printed.
CONDITION OF INDIAN TRIBES.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
five hundred extra copies of the letter of the
Secretary of the Interior to the chairman of
the Comihitteeon Indian Affairs, communi-
cating a statement from the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs in relation to all the Indian
tribes of the United States, have instructed
me to report it back without amendment, and
recommend its passage; and I ask for its present
consideration.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered, and agreed to, as follows:
Betohed, That five hundred additional copies of
the report of the Secretary of the Interior to the
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs of the
Senate, communicating a statement of the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs in relation to all the Indian
" tribes within the bounds of the United States, be
printed.
PARIS EXPOSITION REPORT.
Mr. ANTHONY. The same committee, to
whom was referred the concurrent resolution
of the House of Representatives providingthat
two thousand copies of the report of the Paris
Exposition ordered by the Senate shall be for
the use of the House, have instructed me to
report back the resolution with an amendment
in the nature of a substitute. The reports of
the Paris Exposition were not printed by the
House of Representatives, but were printed
by the Senate; and the House are desirous of
haviug some copies of the work. To reset the
whole would be exceedingly expensive, and
probably neither the House nor the Senate
would desire to do that. It seemed to us that
the only way in which we could meet the wishes
of the House would be to give them a portion
of our own. So we have reported a resolution
that one thousand copies of the three thousand
remaining for the use of the Senate be given
to the House, and we also provide in the reso-
lution for furnishing fifty copies for the library.
If there is no objection on the part of any Sen-
ator, I should like to have the resolution con-
sidered now.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following concurrent
resolution of the House of Representatives:
Retolved, (the Senate concurring.) That two thou-
sand copies of the report of the Paris Exposition,
ordered March 3, 1868, be printed for the use of the
Houso.
The amendment of the Committee on Print-
ing was to substitute the following in lieu of
the original resolution:
Retolved, That one thousand extra copies of the
report of the Paris Exposition, ordered to be printed
i by the Senate on the 3d of March, 1868, be placed at
the disposal of the House of Representatives, and
| that fifty copies be placed in the Congressional Li-
\ brary for its foreign exchanges.
| The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 914) for the relief of Sebastian Reichert;
which was read twice by its title, referred ts
the Committee on Private Land Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. SAWYER asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
915) for the relief of Mrs. Louisa H. Hasell;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I ask the consent of
the Senate to proceed to the consideration of
the bill reported from the Committee on Com-
merce yesterday 
Mr. SUMNER. Let us go through the
morning business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business has priority.
Mr. NORTON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
917) granting lands to aid in the construction
of a railroad and a branch road in the Territory
of Dakota, and a certain railroad in the State
of Minnesota; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 916) supplementary to an act entitled "An
act to protect the citizens of the United States
in their civil rights, and to furnish the means
for their vindication," passed April 9, 1866;
which was read twice by its title.
Mr. SUMNER. I move the reference of the
bill to the Committee on the Judiciary, and will
add just one word: that as appears by its title
it is supplementary to what is known familiarly
as the civil rights act; and it proposes to secure
equal rights in railroads, steamboats, public
conveyances, hotels, licensed theaters, houses
of public entertainment, common schools, and
institutions of learning authorized by law,
church institutions, and cemetery associations
incorporated by national or State authority;
also on juries in courts, national and State.
I will say that when this bill shall become a
law, as I hope it will very soon, I know noth-
ing further to be done in the way of legislation
for the security of equal rights in this Republic.
I move that the bill be printed and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FOWLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 918) for relief of the East Tennessee Uni-
versity; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
WASHINGTON RAILROAD SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Mr. CONKLING submitted the following
resolution ; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to :
Whereas several bills have been referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia providing for
subscriptions to the extont of soveral million dol-
lars by the corporate authorities of the city of Wash-
ington to the capital stock of certain projected rail-
road enterprises: Therefore,
Be it retolved. That said eommittee be instructed to
inquire into and report to the Senate the amount of
the entire present indebtedness of the corporation
of the city of Washington, the market value of its
bonds and scrip, and its financial ability to meet the
obligations proposed in said bills now pending, and
to ascertain what further legislation, if any, is needed
for the better protection of the interests of the Gov-
ernment and the property of the citizens; and that
said committee have power if necessary to send for
persons and papers.
PIER AT LEWES, DELAWARE.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I ask the Senate to
take up the bill reported from the Committee
on Commerce to aid in the construction of a
i pier at Lewes.
I The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Delaware moves to pass over all other orders
for the purpose of considering the bill indi-
cated by him.
Mr. SAULSBURY. It will take but a very
few minutes. I will not make any remarks.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 888) to aid the Junc-
tion and Breakwater Railroad Company, in the
State of Delaware, to construct, in connection
with said road, a pier in the Delaware bay, at
or near Lewes, iu Sussex county, and State of
Delaware.
The Committee on Commerce reported the
bill with amendments.
The first amendment was in line seven, after
the word "Treasury," to strike out the words
"arising from the sale of public lands," and
in line eight, after the word "appropriated,"
to strike out the words "or out of any money
which may hereafter be paid into the Treasury
arising from the sale of the public lands so
that if amended the clause will read:
That $225,000 he. and the Same is hereby, appro-
priated to the president, directors, and company of
the Junction and Breakwater Railroad Company, in
the State of Delaware, out of any money now in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to aid the said
president, directors, and company to construct, in
connection with the said railroad, a good and sub-
stantial pier of stone or iron in the Delaware bay,
at or near Lewes, in Sussex county, and State of
, Delaware.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert at the
end of the bill the following proviso:
And provided further. That before any part of said
sum shall be paid satisfactory security shall be given
1 by the State of Delaware to the United States, to be
approved by the Secretary of War, that a good and
substantial pier of stone or iron shall be completed
! in all respects, without further expense to the United
! States, without unnecessary delay.
| Mr. CONKLING. I move to amend the
amendment by inserting after the word'' given ''
the words "or caused to be given ;" so that it
will read, " satisfactory security shall be given,
or caused to be given, by the State of Dela-
ware." The reason is that the committee is
informed that owing to the non-meeting of the
Legislature, in order to make it formally and
technically the security of the State of Dela-
ware, valuable time will be lost. The amend-
ment will enable the State (provided, without
the convention of its Legislature, the State is
able to do so) to furnish satisfactory security
to the Secretary of War, although it may not
be in form technically the security of the State
of Delaware. It may be tantamount and equiva-
lent to that.
Mr. MORTON. What kind of security is
the State to give ?
Mr. CONKLING. I suppose the State, by
the action of its Legislature, can give any
security that any other corporate body can
give; and in this case the bonds of a corpor-
ation, or the bond of individuals justifying in
the proper amount, if the Secretary of War was
satisfied that the bond was good, would satisfy
the statute.
Mr. SHERMAN. Why not allow the com-
pany named in the bill to give the security ?
Mr. CONKLING. There may b  a little
risk abont that, because, unless the Senator
knows more than the committee know about
the precise status of that company, it might
