234
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
I believe I have stated all the facts that were
before the committee on this subject.
Mr. RAMSEY. I suggest to the honorable
Senator that the Government at this time is
about erecting a large and expensive building
in the city of Boston, and if New England is
so largely afflicted with earthquakes, it might
be well to suspend the completion of that struc-
ture until its safety can be examined into.
[Laughter.]
Mr. PATTERSON. I will say to the Sen-
ator that the custom-house in Boston is built
upon piles, and it has stood very well for a
great number of years, and we are not exer-
cised by any very serious fears of its tumbling
down over our heads, and are willing, as New
England people, to run our risk.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, I shall not
detain the Senate more than a few minutes in
giving a little account of this property. Early
in the history of California the State, owning
this block of land, convoyed to the United
States Government one half interest in it,
upon an appraised valuation, on condition
that it should be used for public purposes and
none other. The United States, acting in
good faith, proceeded to erect the custom-house
and the appraisers' stores upon the east half
of this property, where those buildings are now
situated. The other half of the property has
remained unimproved, or very nearly unim-
proved, from that time down to the present
day. The Senator from New Hampshire very
properly remarks that it has been the recepta-
cle of filth and rubbish. It has been emphat-
ically a public nuisance in that city. It is
adjoining the post office, which is in the cus-
tom-housebuilding, and has been, therefore, a
place of very common resort, and hence lias
been brought to the attention of all the people
of that city. It lias also been the subject of
contention between persons claiming possess-
ory rights to it, and persons have been upon
it claiming the title to it by reason of occupa-
tion ; but. during the war of the rebellion—I
think during one of the last years of the war—
it was turned over for this specific purpose to
the military power, and the military authori-
ties ejected by force all persons in possession
of it.
But it still remains unoccupied, except by
some of the shanties that were put there by
settlers or squatters, perhaps some of them by
authority of the United States officers. These,
occupying only a small portion of this property,
arc to-day untenantable. They have been oc-
cupied by the internal revenue officers of the
Government during a portion of the tune we
have been collecting internal revenue, but such
officers have at this time abandoned all these
tenements, and the property is now, as I am
informed, entirely unoccupied by any persons
for any purpose.
The chairman of the committee also properly
remarks that it is greatly to the interest of the
property holders adjoining—that is, the owners
of property on the opposite sides of the streets
which surround in part this property. They
are deeply interested in having this property
improved. Knowing these facts, in March,
1807, I introduced in the Senate a joint resolu-
tion authorizing the leasing of this property.
J bat resolution was submitted to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, but did not for some reason
pass, and I doubt now, as does the Senator
from New Hampshire, the authority of the Sec-
retary of the 1 reasury to make a lease of this
property. That is a question distinct from the
one as to the improvement of the property,
lhe offer that was made by these parties was
larger by far than that made, so far as I am
informed, by any other individuals or parties.
It is $1,000 in gold a month, and also that very
commodious apartments shall be furnished to
the internal revenue officers during the term
of the lease. This propeity is said to be worth
$100,000. It was probably, as determined
upon the original estimate, worth $150,000, but
the best judges of property estimate it to be
worth now about one hundred thousand dollars.
The rent which the United States would obtain
for this property during the life of the lease
would be in gold $300,000. They would re-
ceive in rents what will in the mean time cost
$200,000 at least, in my judgment. The Uni-
ted States will therefore receive in value in gold
the amount of $500,000 for the property and
at the end of the lease have a building which
must be worth at least $80,000; besides the
property would all the while be improved instead
of lying idle.
It seemed, therefore, to me, when this mat-
ter was submitted to me by the Secretary of
the Treasury, that it would be to the advantage
of the Government to make this lease, and I,
together with my colleague and two of the mem-
bers of the other House, indorsed it as a propo-
sition advantageous to the Government. 1 will
now call for the reading of a letter of the col-
lector of the port of San Francisco on this sub-
ject. The proposition was made less than two
years ago to lease it to a certain party for $5,000
a year in gold, and upon that proposition the
collector of the port writes the foflowing letter
to the Secretary of the Treasury, which I ask
to have read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Ct'STosi-Hoi'sB, San Fhaxcisoo,
Oollkctor's Offick, January'Si, 1807.
iUy 1 >kali ;-m: Numerous applications liavc been
made from time to time by small dealers for the
lea-dug of portions of the cu«tom-houso lot, and I
have refused to entertain any proposition of the
kind, stating m all cases that the Department had
declined to loase the piopeit} . Air. Edward liosqui
has, however, made a proposition very different from
any other that has been made, and it appeared so
fair that 1 directed bun to submit it m writing, which
lie has done in tlio form of a lease and a letter, both
of which are herewith inclosed.
His proposition is to lea.*e tho wholo west half of
the custom-house block. 'Si'> leet by l:)7i feet, for a
term not exceeding twelve years and determinable
at tho pleasure of tho Department at any timo after
three years by giving lam si.t months notice; and for
the use of said ground he agrees to pay the sum of
$">,000, gold com, per annum. He states that itis his
intention to cover tho south end, or Washington
street front, with substantial brick buildings, which
lie thinks he can rem. Tho balance of tho grouud
ho would sub-lcaso to other parties. lie docs not
expect that the ground will be required tor Govern-
ment use tor several years, and is tberefoic willing
to take the lisle ol the lease being determined after
threo years. I have said to him that 1 deemed this
proposition a fair ono if tho Department desired to
leu^o the property at all.
1 will state thata fease of this description to one
responsible paity is in my opinion less objectionable
than to Icnso to many parties, and if it is not the in-
tention ot the Government to build oil the property,
eoin,i-ia pi etty good inconio from the property.
1 lie buildings now on the ground arc worthless, oikl
have a shabby and disreputable appearance, 'file
change which would follow such a leasing in the
appearance of the property would be hailed with
delight. So far as 1 :im concerned. 1 would rathei
sec the piopei ty applied to a good use and made to
look well, even it nothing was made from such use.
than to see it. lemain in its present condition.
I forward Mr. liosqui's proposition for -sour con-
sideration without lurther comment.
\ cry respccttullv.
.T0I1N P. MILLEll, CulUdo,.
P. ,S. Jlr. Bosqni states that he wilt give bond for
, the payment of the rent, lie is responsible, and, I
| believe, honorable.
Hon. llrr.ii McCulloch,
Secretary of the Treasury, Washington.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, if that were
the best offer that could be obtained for the
property I should certainly concur with the
collector of the port, and I have no doubt it
was the best offer ho knew of at the time ;
' but the reason which he gives for recommend-
ing that lease is the ono that has been alluded
to by the Senator from New Hampshire and
myself, that the people of the place are very
much interested in it and it would better it
should bo built on, even though it afforded no
revenue to the Government. But the lease
; that is now pending before the Senate is one i
containing very much better conditions, and
from which, as I have shown, a very much
larger sum would inure to the Government.
As I am informed, when these parties were
negotiating for this lease the Secretary of the
Ireasuiy, before entering into the agreement
with them, communicated^ with the collector
of the port of San Francisco, and received
from him a dispatch, acopy of which I hold
in my hand, and which is as follows:
San Erakcisco, May 5.1868.
To Hon. Hugh McCulloch,
Secretary of the Treasury:
Responsible parties here offer $10,000, coin, annual
ground-rent for vacant -dot adjoining custom-house
on lease twenty-five years. Think can get more. I
would suggest not to close contract until you can
confer with me further.
JOHN JF. MILLER,
Collector.
It will be observed that this communication,
also from the collector of the port, who is, as
I will remark, the proper officer of the Govern-
ment to determine the question of the rate this
property should lease for, was dated May 5,
1868, and, if I remember the time of the making
of the lease, it was not until nearly a year after
that date ; and yet it seems no other offer was
made through the collector or to his knowledge;
and hence I suppose the Secretary of the
Treasury may have concluded that these were
the best terms that could be obtained, andthere-
fore entered upon the lease, which is now sub-
mitted to Congress for its action. So much as
to the terms of the lease and its advantages to
the Government.
The chairman of the committee alluded to a
good deal that has been said in the papers
touching this lease. One of the papers, has
stated that one of the lessees was a former part-
ner of mine and a near relation. This I care
but little about, because it is untrue and not
intended for any justifiable purpose. I will,
however, state that I have never had a business
transaction with either of the parties of any
nature to the amount of six cents ; that I never
expect to have, and never did at any time ex-
pect to have any such business transaction with
either. J. believe this lease to be the best one
that the Government could obtain, and there-
fore 1 indorse it, and I have no doubt the same
motives instigated my colleague here, and the
colleagues in the other House who recom-
mended it.
Now, 1 have no objection to a repeal of this
lease if Congress is to make any provision for
the improvement of the property. The super-
vising architect of the Treasury Department,
however, has reported against building upon
it. I was in favor, and am still in favor, of the
Government putting up a building upon the
property. Iknow the foundation willcost very
much ; it was a beach and water-lot once far
submerged in the bay, but that is a disadvan-
tage which you will have to incur in making any
improvement there ; but that it should be made
1 am anxious because the people of the city
of San Francisco require that this lot shall not
be permitted to remain perpetually a nuisance
to that community.
There is another question connected with
this. Some have suggested that this property
be sold. Perhaps that is the best disposition
that can be madeofit. If Congress is-willing
to pass a resolution directing or authorizing
any department of the Government to make
sale of it to parties who will improve it not the
slightest objection will be made on my part,
but I shall hail such a movement with delight.
But the General Government has paid the State
of California for only a half interest in this
property, including the site on which the cus-
tom-house is placed. The General Government
has appropriated the half of it, and therefore
1 say, on behalf of my State, that the proceeds
of the sale of the other half, if itis sold, belong
legitimately and properly to tho State of Cali-
fornia. And now if the United States Govern-
ment arc unwilling to improve this property
why will they not authorize the proper officer
to make a deed of it back to the State of Cali-
fornia, which has received no consideration
whatever for this half, receiving consideration
for only half the value, as 1 stated at the out-
set, of the whole property? She has appro-
priated one half and the other half legitimately
belongs to the State of California.
• I{Con?ress think it best, instead of reaping
m these few years over half a million dollars
