1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1547
Mr. LOGAN. I rise lo a question of priv-
ilege. I offer the following resolution, upon
which I demand the previous question:
Itnolved, That B. F. Whittkmore, late member
from the first district of South Carolina, did make
appointments to the Military Academy at W est Point
ami the Naval Academy at Annapolis in violation
of law, and that such appointments were influenced
by pecuniary considerations, and that his conduct
in the premises has been such as to show him un-
worthy of a seat in the House of Representatives,
anil is therefore condemned as conduot unworthy of
a Representative of the people.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to make a point of order. I desire to ask
whether it would be in order, by unanimous
consent, that the late Representative from
Sooth Carolina should be heard upon this
resolution ?
The SPEAKER. It would be, by unanimous
consent. 
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then, I
desire that the previous question be not sus-
tained, in order that I may ask unanimous
consent. I think he ought to be heard.
Mr. MORGAN. I object.
The previous question was seconded (ayes
one hundred and six, noes not counted) and
the main question ordered.
Mr. LOGAN and Mr. SARGENT demanded
the yeas and nays on the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 187, nays 0, not voting
35; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Adams. Allison, Ambler, Ames,
Archer, Arnell, Asper, Atwood, Axtell,Ayer, Banks,
Barnum, Beaman, Beatty, Beck, Benjamin, Ben-
nett, Benton, Biggs, Bingham, Bird, Blair, Boles,
Booker, Boyd, Qeorge M. Brooks, Buck, Buckley,
Buffinton, Burchard, Burr, Cake, Cessna, Churchill,
Clarke, Cleveland, Amasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb,
Cobnrn, Cook, Conger, Cowles, Cox, Crebs, Cullom,
Davis, Dawes, Dickey, Dickinson, Dockery, Donley,
Dox, Duval, Dyer, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Ferriss,
Ferry, Finkelnburg. Fisher, Fitch, Fox, Garfield,
Gets,Gibson, Gilfillan,Griswold, Haight, llaldeman,
Hale, Hamill, Hamilton, Hawkins, Hawley, Hay,
Hays, Heaton, Heflin, Hoar, Holman. Hooper,
Hotchkiss, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Johnson, Alexander
H. Jones, Thomas L. Jones, Jndd, Julian, Kelley,
Kellogg, Kelsey, Kerr, Ketcham, Knapp. Knott,
Lash, Lawrence, Logan, Loaghridge, Marshall,
Mayham, Maynard, McCormick, McCrary, McGrew,
McKee, McKeniie, McNeely, Eliakim H. Moore,
Jesse H. Moore, William Moore, Morgan, M orchis,
Samuel P. Morrill, Mungen, Myers, Negley, Nib-
lack, O'Neill, Orth, Packard, Packer, Paiue, Palm-
er, Perce, Peters, Piatt, Pomeroy, Potter, Prosser,
Randall, Beading, Reeves, Rice, Rogers, Roots,
Sargent, Sawyer, Schenck, Schumaker, Scofield,
Shanks,Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, Sherrod,
Slocum, John A.Smith, Joseph S. Smith,William
J.Smith, Worthington C. Smith, William Smyth,
Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson, Stiles, Stokes,
Stone, Stoughton, Strickland, Strong, Swann, Taffe,
Tanner, Tillman, Townsend, Trimble, Twichell, Ty-
ner, Upson, Van Trump. Van Wyck, Voorhees,
Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, William B.Wash-
burn, Welker, Wells, Wheeler, Wilkinson, Willard,
Williams, Eugene M. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Wi-
nana. Witcher, and Wood—1ST.
NAYS—None.
N 0T V OTING—Messrs. Armstrong.Bailey.Bowen,
James Brooks, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Rod-
crick R. Butler, Calkin, Covode, Deweese, Dixon,
Ela.Golladay, Hambleton, Harris, Hill, Hoge,Laflin,
Lynch, McCarthy, Mercur, Milnes. Daniel J. Mor-
rell, Morrissey, Phelps, Poland, Porter.Ridgway,
Sanford, Strader, Sweeney, Van Auken, Van Horn,
Winchester, and Woodward—35.
So the resolution was adopted.
During the-roll call,
Mr. HALDEMAN stated that his colleague,
Mr. Woodwakd. was detained at his room by
indisposition; if he had been present he would
have voted in the affirmative.
The result of the vote was announced as
above recorded.
order of business.
Mr. DAWES. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole upon the pending
appropriation bill.
Mr. JUDD. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege, and send a resolution to the Clerk's desk
upon which I propose to call the previous ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] shall insist upon
his motion the Chair will be compelled to rec-
ognize him before the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Judd,] as his motion is to Buspend the
rules, including the one which gives the gen-
tleman from Illinois the right to offer his reso-
lution.
Mr. DAWES. I will hear the resolution read.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Rttolved, That the resolution of this House in rela-
tion to the drawing of seats by members, passed on
the 5th day of March, 1869, be, and is hereby, re-
scinded, and that the Clerk of the House forthwith
place in a box the name of each member and Dele-
gate of the House of Representatives, written on a
separate slip of paper; that he then proceed, in the
presence of the House, to draw from said box, one
at a time, the said slips of paper; and as each is
drawn he shall announce the name of the memher
or Delegate upon it, who shall ohoose his seat for the
present session: Provided, That before said drawing
shall commence the Speaker shall cause every seat
to be vacated, and shall see that every seat continues
vacant until it is seleoted under this order; and that
every seat, after having been selected, shall be
deemed vaoant if left unoccupied before the calling
of the roll is finished.
Mr. DAWES. I cannot yield for that reso-
lution.
Mr. JUDD. Then I give notice that I shall
offer this resolution at the first opportunity.
Mr. DAWES. Very well; if I find myself
counted out and put on a back seat I will
submit.
Mr. JUDD. I wanted to offer the resolu-
tion for the benefit of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] as well as others.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me to offer a resolution which I think is one
of privilege.
Mr. DAWES. I will hear it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I objectto the gen-
tleman yielding, and I call for the regular
order.
Mr. DAWES. Then I insist upon my motion
to go into Committee of the Whole upon the
appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
The House then resolved itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Cessna in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the special order, being the
bill (H. R. No. 974) making appropriations for
the legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending the
30th of June, 1871.
The pending paragraph was the following:
Department of Agriculture:
For compensation of Commissioner of Agriculture,
$3,000; chief clerk, $2,000; entomologist, $2,000;
chemist, $2,000; superintendent of experimental gar-
dens and grounds, $2,000; statistician, $2,000; dis-
bursing clerk, $1,800; superintendent of seed-room,
$1,800; librarian, $1,800; botanist, $1,400; threeclerks
of class four, four clerks of class three, six clerks of
class two, seven clerks of class one; engineer, $1,400;
superintendent of folding-room, $1,200; assistant
superintendent of garden and grounds, $1,200; assist-
ant superintendent of seed-room, $1,200: three copy-
ists, at $1,000 each; two attendants in museum, at
$1,000 each; chief messenger, $850: two assistant
messengers, at $720 each; one carpenter, at $720;
three watchmen at $720 each, and six laborers at
$720 each; making in all, $67,880.
The pending question was upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Kelley, to insert after the words
1' chemist, $2,000," the words'' assistant chem-
ist, $1,600."
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I hope the Com-
mittee of the Whole will consent to this amend-
ment, for I happen to know that it is absolutely
essential. It may be proper for me to say that
my sympathies and my feelings in favor of
economy all coincide with the disposition man-
ifested by the Committee on Appropriations to
cut down expenses as far as possible. But it
is a fact well known to intelligent agricultur-
ists, and I presume to every gentleman on this
floor, that this chemical division, or adjunct,
or appendage, whatever it may be termed, of
the Agricultural Department is indispensable
to its success. And another fact is this, that
if this assistant chemist should be refused, if
the Committee of the Whole should refuse to
make the appropriation for the services of silch
an officer, it will in effect close the laboratory
of that Department. It would be quite as
reasonable to talk to a farmer about running
his cart with one wheel as to talk about running
this laboratory without an assistant chemist.
The thing is absolutely impossible; and I know
what I am talking about.
Why, sir, if the demand for the services of
the laboratory of this Department shall con-
tinue to increase for the coming two years as
it has for the past two years, then we shall
need two assistants instead of one, and we
shall not be able to get along with only one.
It is hardly necessary for me to go into an
elaborate statement of all the facts bearing
upon this subject. Gentlemen know very well
how necessary chemistry is to the prosperity
of agriculture. There is perhaps not a single
Atlantic State, not a State upon our eastern
coast, from the Hudson river to the Gulf of
Mexico, that does not contain extensive beds
of marl. Continual discoveries are being made
of new beds of fertilizing materials, and in
order to arrive at correct conclusions as to
their value it is indispensable to have the
meatus to make a chemical analysis of them.
Why, sir, gentlemen representing here the
State of New J ersey know all about the value of
the marl-beds of that State. Those gentlemen are
well aware that these beds constitute a valuable
element of the wealth of their State. They know
perfectly well that for many years the products
of those marl-pits have been matters of com-
merce. Large quantities of marl have been
transported from there by railroad and other-
wise to various parts of the country , to be used
for fertilizing purposes; and in this way that
product has been a very great benefit to the
country. As I have said, new developments
with reference to fertilizing materials are being
made in many parts of the country, and the
chemical branch of the Agricultural Depart-
ment is kept constantly busy in making the
necessary experiments and investigations for
the benefit of agriculture.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, the Com-
mittee on Appropriations would not oppose
this amendment if they were sure that amend-
ments of this kind would stop here. But there
is a disposition to swell the appropriations for
the Agricultural Department, as I have already
shown by a reference to the appropriations
made from year to year. While 1 ao not agree
with the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Wilson]
thatarerasal to make the appropriation he
advocates would stop the laboratory, I am in-
clined to think that this officer is more useful
than any of those whom we have been disposed
to dispense with. I am willing to try the ex-
periment whether these amendments will stop
here, and with that view I withdraw opposition
to this amendment. I ask for a vote.
The amendment of Mr. KELLETwasagreedto.
Mr. DAWES. I move a further amendment
to the paragraph. It is to insert "female"
before " copyists," and to strike out $1,000
and insert $900; so that the djmse will read,
" three female copyists at $900 each."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I move to amend
so as to fix the salary of the carpenter at $960
instead of $720. The clause, as amended, would
read, " one carpenter, at $960"
Mr. DAWES. I think this amendment
ought to be adopted. There is a mistake in
the printed bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. There is one further
amendment which I desire' to have made, if"
possible, to this paragraph. It is to strike out
the word "six in line eight hundred and
ninety-nine and insert in lieu thereof "eight,"
so as to make the clause read " and eight
laborers, at $720 each." I would not ask
this increase in the number of laborers did I
not know it to be absolutely necessary. The
Commissioner of Agriculture asked for ten
laborers; the committee have seen proper to
allow him six. Now, sir, being somewhat
familiar with the amount of work required to
