1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3435
be rather insecure to say that the railroad
company should give the security.
Mr. SHERMAN. It occurs to me that the
same difficulty arises if the State of Delaware
is to give this security or cause it to be given.
How can it cause it to be given without an act
of the Legislature?
Mr. CONKLING. I will say to the Senator
that it can be done in this way: if this railroad
company, for example, is a solvent corporation,
and at the instance of the State of Delaware,
no matter how irregularly, or according to the
suggestion the Senator has made'now, the rail-
road company come forward with a bond and
proffer it, which bond the Secretary of War
accepts, that is good to all intents and pur-
poses, and the State of Delaware has caused it to
be done although its Legislature has not met, and
it is simply done at the informal instance of the
State of Delaware. The Senator from Dela-
ware, I think, is satisfied with the amendment,
although he preferred originally to have it as
the Senator from Ohio suggests that the rail-
road company may do it. I think the State
of Delaware ought to be the actor in this mat-
ter, and therefore I propose the amendment to
the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, aa amended, was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to have the whole
bill reported as it stands amended.
The Chief Clerk read the bill, as amended, as
follows:
Be it enacted, dc„ That $225,000 be, and the game
is hereby, appropriated to the president, directors,
 nd company of the Junction and Breakwater
Railroad Company, in the State of Delaware, out
of any money now in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to aid the said president, directors,
and company to construct, in connection with the
said railroad, a good and substantial pier of stone or
iron in the Delaware bay at or near Lewes, in Sussex
county, and State of Delaware: Provided, however,
Tliat the money hereby appropriated shall be ex-
pended only in the construction of such pier, and for
no other purpose whatever, under the superintend-
ence of a proper officer, to be detailed for that pur-
pose by the Secretary of War: And provided further,
That any part of said sum, if any, remaining unex-
pended after the construction of said pier shall be
paid into the Treasury of the United States: And
provided further. That the Government of the United
States shall forever, at any and all times, have and
enjoy the free use of said pier for any and all pur-
ines whatever, without charge or payment of any
sum whatever to the said company: And provided
further. That before any part of said sum shall be
iinid satisfactory security shall be given or caused to
be given by the State of Delaware to the United
States, to be approved by the Secretary of War, that
a good and substantial pier of stone or iron shall ba
completed in all respects, without further expense to
the United States, without unnecessary delay.
Mr. POMEROY. I suggest to the Senate
to strike out the word " now," in line six,
before the words "in the Treasury." It should
read "out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The word '['now"
will be stricken out if there be no objection.
The Chair hears no objection. That amend-
ment is agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
order of business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The legislative,
executive, and judicial appropriation bill is
now regularly before the Senate.
Mr. STEWART. Will the Senator from
Maine allow Senate joint resolution No. 86, in
regard to land for the Southern Pacific rail-
road, that was passed over until to-day, to
have five or ten minutes ? I presume there
will be no discussion on it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. There was a
Senator on the floor in regard to that matter.
Mr. THAYER. Will not the Senator from
Maine defer the legislative appropriation bill
until one o'clock ? He will have the whole day
then.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No ; but I will
yield for any morning business.
Mr. RAMSEY. I rise to appeal to the Sen-
ator from Maine to allow me to pass the bill
that we had up the other evening. It was
then simply read. I refer to the Winnipeg
railroad bill. It can be disposed of, I think,
in fifteen minutes.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
from Nevada has a bill ahead of that.
Mr. RAMSEY. I desire to get mine ahead
of his, [laughter,] if I can receive the favor of
the Senator from Maine. I presume he could
put it in advance of any other bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If this were a
matter merely personal to the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations he would be very
glad to «blige the Senator from Minnesota.
Mr. HOWARD. If it is in order, 1 wish to
make a bill a special order for next Monday.
It is Senate bill No. 401. !
Mr. SUMNER. What is it about?
Mr. HOWARD. "A bill to amend an act
entitled 'An act granting lands to aid in the
construction of a railroad and telegraph line
from the States of Missouri and Arkansas to
the Pacific coast by the southern route," ap- ;
proved July 27, 1866—what is known as the
Atlantic and Pacific road. It is a bill to amend ;
that act. •
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will require
unanimous consent at the present time to make
it a special order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We ought not to make a ,
land-grant bill a special order.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope there will be no
objection. It is a very important bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The appropria- ,
tion bill is before the Senate.
adjournment to monday.
Mr. DRAKE. I wish to make a motion
which properly should have been made during
the time of calling the morning business, but
I was down in my committee-room at the mo-
ment that that order of business was called.
I presume the Senator from Maine will not
object to the motion. At any rate, when I
make the motion, if he does object, it can be
withdrawn. I move that when the Senate ad-
journs to-day it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
Mr. CONKLING and Mr. EDMUNDS.
No, no.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion?
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly there is.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object.
Mr. DRAKE. Then I move that all prior
orders be postponed for the purpose of sub-
mitting that motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Be passed over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that it will only need to pass over the
appropriation bill, because before the next
bill could be called by the Chair the motion
would be in order. ,
Mr. DRAKE. Very well; I move that the
pending bill be passed over with a view of
submitting the other motion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Mr. Presi-
dent 
Tjie VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Missouri has risen to a privileged motion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Allow me to
make a suggestion. If the appropriation bill
should be completed this afternoon, I suggest
to the Senator from Missouri that he may find
the Senate more placable than they are now;
but if the appropriation bill is not completed
this afternoon, I hope the Senator will agree
to the necessity of completing it to-morrow.
Mr. SUMNER. We can sit this evening.
Mr. DRAKE. I am very certain that there
will be no quorum in this body to-morrow if
we continue in session.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no
objection to debate, the Chair recognizes the
Senator from New York.
Mr. CONKLING. I suggest to Senators
pass over the appropriation bill.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I hope I may be
that if they want to finish the appropriation
bill to-day we had better not begin by con-
tracting to adjourn over to-morrow. It will be
a very wholesome incentive with those who
would like to adjourn over to-morrow to stay
here to-day and finish the bill, to the end that
they may thus indulge themselves. So I hope
the honorable Senator will postpone his motion
until at least this bill is completed. I think it
may increase even his industry to-day, as he
is anxious to adjourn over.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will per-
severe in his motion.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I object to any debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
not debatable.
Mr. CONKLING. I believe debate is in
order on a motion to postpone.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
to
Mr,
permitted to state to the Senator from Massa-
chusetts that I shall persevere 
Mr. SUMNER. I said that I hoped the
Senator from Missouri would persevere in his
motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
enforce the rule. The Senator from Oregon
has made the point, and the motion is not
debatable. The motion is to pass over the
appropriation bill for the purpose of entering
a motion that when the Senate adjourns to-day
it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 27, noes 19.
Mr. CONKLING, and Mr. MORRILL of
Maine, called for the yeas and nays, and they
were ordered; and being taken, resulted—yeas
37, nays 17; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Casserly, Chandler, Cole, Corbett,
Davis, Drake, Fenton, Flanagan, Fowler, Hamilton
of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Harris, Howard,
Johnston, Lewis, McCreery, McDonald, Morton,
Norton, Nye, Patterson, Pratt, Ramsey, Rice, Rob-
ertson, Ross, Scott, Sherman, Spencer, Sprague, Sum-
ner, Thayer, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers,
and Warner—37.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckingham, Carpenter,
Conkling, Edmunds, Ferry, Hamlin, Harlau, Howe,
Howell, Morrill ofMaino, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Schurz,
Stewart, Willey, and Williams—17.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott. Ames, Bayard, Bore-
man,- Brownlow, Cameron, Cattell, Cragin, Gilbert,
Kellogg, Morrill of Vermont, Osborn, Pomeroy, Po«!,
Revels, Stockton, Wilson, and Yates—18.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. DRAKE. I move now that when the
Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate now
resumes the consideration of tEe appropriation
bill.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills,
in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested:
A bill (H. R. No. 1052) to increase the pen-
sion of Mrs. Annie A. Hays, widow of Briga-
dier General Alexander Hays, who was killed
at the battle of the Wilderness, May 5, 18G4;
A bill (H. R. No. 1987) to define the duties
of pension agents, and prescribe the manner
of paying pensions, and for other purposesi;
A bill (H. R. No. 1988) granting a pension
to W. C. Pickens;
A bill (H. R. No. 1989) granting a pension
to Anna P. Hart;
A bill (H. R. No. 1990) granting a pension
to Nancy Ann Spurgeon, widow of Josiah
Spurgeon, of Lewis county, Missouri;
A bill (H. R. No. 1991) granting a pension
to Margaret C. Wells, of Lexington, Missouri;
A bill (H. R, No. 1992) granting a pension
to Mrs. Margaret A. Hyde, widow of Henry
M. Hyde, late an assistant paymaster United
States Navy;
A bill (H. R. No. 1993) granting a pension
to Josephine Donahue;
