1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
235
out of the property, that some other disposi-
tion shall be made of it, I hope they will be
willing to make the proper disposition of it,
the equitable and just disposition of it, and
transfer it or the proceeds of the sale of it to
the State of California.
But let me remark further, in regard to the
question of building upon it, that we are pay-
ing very large rents in that city. 1 am told by
the chairraanof thecomrnittee that they amount
to some fifty or sixty thousand dollars a year.
Mr. PATTERSON. Sixty-seven thousand
eight hundred dollars.
Mr. COLE. The Government is now pay-
ing to private parties in that city rents amount-
ingto$67,800. VVearepayingannually$67,800
for rent in that city.
Mr. PATTERSON. I would suggest to the
Senator from California that be have this let-
ter of the special agent of the Treasury iu Sail
Francisco read, which will give to the Senate
the facts.
Mr. COLE. I have no objection to its being
read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The letter will
be read.
The Chief Clerk read, as follows:
Special Aqency of the
United Status Treasury Dki'aktmkjtt
Kon the -Fourteenth District
san i'ranoisco, September;}, i860.
Oentlksikn : At your request I have prepared the
following statement, showing the amount of rent paid
by (xovernment for premises used for public pur-
poses in this city:
United States court-rooms and necessary offices for
judges, clerks, marshal, district attorney, &c...$1,200
Office inspectors of hulls and boilers  SO
Office United States surveyor genoral  100
Office register and receiver of public lands  50
Officocolleetor internal revenue,$300,coin,equal
in Unitod States currency to    400
Officolitcht-houso department,sixtydollara, coin,
in ourrency  80
Office Coast Survey, sixty dollars, coin, in cur-
rency   SO
Office united States Navy paymaster, seventv-
flve dollars, coin, in currency  100
Oflioo United Stat ea naval rendezvous, lift j -live
dollars, coin, in ourroucy  "h
Total amounts paid by United States Army offi-
cers for olllcos and store-rooms, (W,0;i0, com,
equal in ourrcnoy (with gold atlICi) to  :f,.r>l.r>
J f>,0o0
This amount, $5,050, istho total amount pnid
monthly in currency by the Uovernmcnt for roius.
The cost per annum amounts to #07,800.
These figures demonstrate, in my judgment, that
it would be economy for tbo (lovcrnmcnt to put up a
suitable building on tliiscustom-houso block, which
it owns, to accommodate nil theso public offices, and
so savo this hugo annual outlay of rent.
By tho terms of the custom-liouse block leaso the
Government is to receive #12,000 per annum in coin,
equal in currency to $16,000.
The difference botween tho sum roeeivod from tho
lease and tho amount paid annually by tho Uovcru-
ment for rents is in currcncy $,">1,800.
There is space enough in this lot, fronting as it docs
on three streets and in shape a parallelogram m sixc
1371 foot by 275 feet, to furnish this accommodation.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant.
J01IN T. McLEAN, Spccial Aaait.
To the Honorable the Committee on Retiienciisiext
for United StrtteR Senate and Home of Jirprsuenta-
tive.H, San Francinco, present.
Mr. COLE. Mr: President, this recommend-
ation of the special agent there is one in which
I fully concur, though we have the misfortune
to differ with the supervising architect of the
Treasury Department, who is opposed to build-
ing^ upon the ground because of the vast cost
which must necessarily be incurred to make a
foundation. But if the United States Govern-
ment will build a proper building upon this
ground they will make the use of it that was
intended by the State when the conveyance was
made, and will in that way secure to themselves
an equitable right to it, as well as the legal
right which they now have. I have no objec-
tion to the repeal of this lease if steps shall be
taken by the Government to improve the prop-
erty, to abate the nuisance which at present
it is to the people of that city. I would move
an amendment now to the resolution if we were
not so near the holiday adjournment. If I
were to move an amendment it would be con-
strued as an effort on my part to prevent the
of the resolution before the adjourn-
ment, and I therefore forbear to move any
amendment to it. I am willing that it shall
pass ; but I now wish to notify the Senate that
after they relinquish this large gain to the Gov-
ernment I shall, at the proper time, ask them
to improve that property in some proper man-
ner, presenting the argument for it that the
people there are interested and that the peo-
ple of the United States are equally interested,
because it will save rent to the amount of
$67,800 a year.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, I have
to say but a very few words on this subject. I
sajr them only because, as I shall make no
objection to the passage of this resolution,
some inference might be drawn from that in
connection with the fact that I recommended
this lease as advantageous to the Government
that something had since occurred to change
my mind. This is not the case.
Soon after 1 came to New York, in January
of this year, I was requested by a gentleman
of this city who was favorably introduced to
me, to state in writing my opinion, if I could,
that this lease was orio which the Government
might advantageously make. I required a
copy of the lease, which was furnished me. I
examined it. I found that under its provisions
tho Government would receive during the term
of twenty-live years in rent paid; in office
room allowed it free of rent.; in a building
which was to cost at least $80,000 and to belong
to the Government at the expiration of the
lease—an amount of money not less in round
numbers than $<300,000, gold, and from that up
to $7f>O,000, for tho use and occupation of the
land. Prom my knowledge of property in that
particular locality, and of the other elements
entering into tho question as to the advantage
of tho lease, my judgment was clear that the
lease was a vciygood one for the Government.
I did not think it a good lease for the lessees,
and so slated to the gentleman representing
them at the time. In answer to the question
whether I could say it was a lease which it was
for the advantage of the Government to make,
1 gavu my opinion that it was. To that, opinion
1 adhere, for everything I have sinceheardhas
confirmed my original judgment.
It seems to be thought by some that the
Government should build upon the properly.
With delerenee to tin: gentlemen in San Fran-
cisco or elsewhere who entertain that opinion,
it appeal's to me to he a very erroneous one.
The foundation there has never been satisfac-
tory; the building of the custom-house was a
public mistake. In the next place, population
and business have drawn and aredrawing away
from all that part of tho city. As a matter of
judgment, in the interests of the Government, in
the interests and the convenience of the people
of San Francisco, 1 was opposed to any further
building there by the Government. That sup-
plied another motive to me for recommending
this lease.
1 have thought these few words due to the
parties interested as lessees in tho proposed
lease, and also to the gentleman then at the head
of the Treasury Department, >lr. McCulloch,
whose acquaintance 1 then made for the first
time. For nim! think 1 may say, speakingunder
no other obligation than that which one owes
to another, to do him justice on every proper
occasion, that he acted throughout under a
sense of duty and with an eye directed solely
to the public interests committed to his charge.
But, sir, as there are gentlemen in Congress
who have just as good a right to their opinions
on this subject or any other as I have, and
whose duty it is, whatever their opinions are,
to maintain theni, who differ from me as to the
expediency of this lease, and as, moreover,-1
have had very little doubt as to the want of
power on the part of the Secretary to make it,
and so expressed myself in the beginning, I
shall make no objection whatever to the pas-
sage of this resolution. At some future time
I shall be disposed either to originate or to
sustain a measure looking to some disposition
of this property which will put it out of the
power of the Government, under the pressure
either of owners of property in that immediate
vicinity or of those seeking large contracts, or
of those acting from any other undue per-
sonal motive, to build there, and thus to add
one more to the list of Government follies
in the line of public buildings throughout the
country.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President, as the Sen-
ator from California on my right [Mr. Cole]
has alluded to the bill referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce during the last Congress,
which bill I had charge of, I desire to make an
explanation in regard to it. The Senator intro-
duced a bill at the last Congress for leasing
this portion of the custom-house block in San
Francisco. The bill was amended by the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and a clause was inserted
whereby the Secretary of the Treasury was to
advertise for proposals for this property with a
view of leasing it and obtaining certain apart-
ments for the public offices iu San Francisco.
After I had amended the bill as I was instructed
to do by the Committee on Commerce it was
referred to the Secretary of War to obtain his
opinion with regard to the propriety of leasing
this piece of property, as I understood it was
under the charge of the War Department. He
recommended that it should not he leased, as
the Government would probably require the
entire space for its own offices at some future
time, and that the time proposed was too long
a time to lease the property out of tho hands
of the Government. A majority of the Com-
mittee on Commerce, therefore, recommended
that the land be not leased. I do not remem-
ber whether that report was made to the Sen-
ate or whether it was communicated to the
Secretary of the Treasury; but that was the
determination of the committee, and therefore
no action was taken upon it. That is the only
explanation I have to make about it.
Mr. COLE. I meant no reflection or censure
of tho Committee on Commerce. I suppose
| they acted from their best information. I
merely presented it as a fact that I had sought
the authority of the committee.
Mr. CORBETT. I simply wished to state
that the Committee on Commerce did not see
fit to recommend that it be leased.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am a member of the
Committee on Retrenchment, and have exam-
ined this subject and have been requested to
say a word upon it. I should prefer not to do
so, but to accommodate other gentlemen I will
simply state that in my judgment the power to
make the lease by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury is involved in considerable doubt. I am
satisfied that there was no fraud in the execu-
tion of the lease, and that the Secretary of the
Treasury and those who approved its execu-
tion were governed by what they believed to be
a regard for the best interests of the Govern-
ment, and my judgment now is that this lease
is the best disposition that could be made of
the property unless the Government will pro-
ceedand erect a building upon it so as to save the
$07,000 of rent which the Government is now
paying for offices in San Francisco, which might
be saved by the construction of a building upon
this property for public use. It is with a view
to open the way for the erection of such build-
ing, or some arrangement by which this vast
amount of annual expenditure can be saved to
the Government, that I approve of this resolu
tion disaffirming the lease.
hether this is a suitable place or not for the
construction of a building is a question upon
winch I do not propose to express any opinion,
i am not satisfied, however, from anything 3
nave heard that a building may not be erected
upon this site which would answer the purposes
of the Government there, which would accom-
modate these officers who are now renting
buildings in San Francisco. But if that be not
