1548
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
done ia and about tfefct establish went, I am
quite sure it is not reasonable to suppose that ;
sir men can -do it. Why. sir, three men aro
required to attend in the folding-room. Then
we have had daring the past year 
Mr. BOYD. 1 wish to inquire what it is
that requires to be folded ?
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. Monthly reports,
agricultural reports, aud various other docu-
ments. There can be no question as to the
necessity for the number of laborers proposed !
in my amendment. Gentlemen will find on ex-
amination that the Commissioner imported dur-
ing the last year between five and six thousand
bushels of cereals to be distributed throughout
the length and breadth of the country as seed.
I believe he has imported twenty-five hundred
bushels of wheat, two thousand bushels of oats,
five hundred bushels of rye, and five hundred
bushels of barley, making in alt fifty-five hun-
dred bosheis. New, alt this grain must be dis-
tributed ; and there are, in addition, many other
branches of labor which I wiH hot undertake
to enumerate. Bat I am thoroughly satisfied,
not only from the representations of the Com-
missioner of Agriculture, but also from my own
observation, that eight laborers are as few as
the Commissioner can get along with without
suffering the Department and its appendages
to go into disrepute. I hope the House will
adopt the amendment} the amount is trifling.
Mr. DAWES. The committee have been
very liberal and yielded to every amendment
of the gentleman from Ohio increasing this
expenditure. I hope the House will stand by
the Committee om Appropriations, for there
does not eeewft to be so much necessity for in-
creasing the Mother of these laborers. Effi-
ciency is more needed than numbers. I hope
the amendment witl not be adopted.
Mr.LOUGHttlDGE. There ate seven labor-
ersallowed for the Commissioner of the General
Land Office ; and when that number is given to
that office I do not see any good reason why
we should limit the naatber of laborers to six
for this em tire Agricultural Department.
Mr. DAWES. The Commissioner of the
General Land Office lias a large building to
provide for. An investigation before the Com-
mittee on Appropriations has satisfied us that
the number allowed ta the Commissioner of
the General Land Office is needed for the pub-
lie service. And because this is the Agricul-
tural Department I hope members will not ,
deem it necessary to vote everything that the :
CouMuissioner asks foe. 1 am willing to give j
him-everything be ought to have; ana without
meaning to reflect on this particular officer, I
wish to say that efficiency is what is needed and
not numbers. We think that six laborers are
all that ought to be allowed to this Department;
aud I hope the uumber will not bo increased.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, rose.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate has been ex-
hausted ou the pending amendment.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I move pro forma
to strike out "six" and insert "eight." Mr.
Chairman, I wish to say to the gentleman from
Massachusetts that no man has been more
delighted than myself at his efforts to cut the 1
expenses of the Government down to the lowest
figure. In every way I have lent him my assist-
ance in hi? good work; and the Commissioner
of Agriculture is as anxious to cut down the i
expenses of the Government as any man in ,
America. j
MEftgAOE FROM TIIE SKNATK. j
The committee informally rose; and Mr. !
Scotield having taken the chair as Speaker
pro tempore, a message was received from the
Senate, by Mr. Gokham, its Secretary, notify-
ing the House that that body had agreed to the
amendment of the House of Representatives to
Senate bill No. 436, to relieve certain persons
therein named from the legal and political dis-
abilities imposed by the fourteenth amendment
of the Constitution of the United States and
for other purposes.
The committee resumed its session.
LBQISLATIVK, ETC., APPUOPKIATION BILL.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman,
two years ago there were one hundred and
ninety-seven names upon the list of the Ag-
ricultural Department etnploy6s, and to-day
there are only sixty-one. This will show to
the House that the present Commissioner, to
whom we are indebted for this great reduction
in the force of the Department, is disposed to
second the gentleman from Massachusetts in
his efforts for retrenchment. I should like to
bo shown by the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations the head of any other De-
partment who can show any better record. I
hope the fact will be conceded that the Com-
missioner of Agriculture is acquainted with the
wants of bis Department. He is not only an
able agriculturist, but a fine economist. I do
not mean any disrespect tothe gentleman from
Massachusetts, but I think that the Commis-
sioner is a better judge of what is needed for
the Department of Agriculture. The gentle-
man, no doubt, is full of legal lore, and I pre-
sume that he knows more about the law than
he does about agriculture, as I certainly know
more about agriculture than I do about the
law. In this matter I believe that agricul-
turists are better judges on this question than
lawyers, and I hope we will be allowed to
make the number as we have proposed.
Mr. DAWES. I see that I will gain nothing
by yielding to my friend from Ohio. He fol-
lows me up everywhere. The gentleman from
Iowa wants us to give this number of laborers
to the Department of Agriculture, not because
they are necessary, but because a larger num-
ber has been allowed to the Commissioner of
the General Land Office. Has he advanced
any other reason? The gentleman from Ohio
tells us that the number of employes in this
Department has been reduced from one hun-
dred and seventy-seven to sixty-one. That
shows that numbers are not essential. It goes
to show that something more is necessary to
make a Department what it ought to be. We
went into an examination of this whole ques-
tion and came to the conclusion that six labor-
ers were all that was needed for this Depart-
ment. The Commissioner wishes to enlarge
the appropriation in this bill from fifty-five to
sixty thousand dollars beyond what is in this
bill; and although we wish to give as much as
is necessary for the dissemination of agricul-
tural information we did not feel justified in
going so far as the Commissioner proposes.
We have all the respect possible for the Com-
missioner of Agriculture. If it were not for
his enthusiasm in his position he would not be
vortH sl C0ofc
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. LO UGHRIDGE. I renew it, and yield
the floor to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Wilson.]
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I hope the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations has
not concluded or desired that the Agricultural
Department should be a stand-still Depart-
ment instead of progressing. More work has
been done by the Department during the past
year than was done for three years previously.
The gentleman from Massachusetts goes on
the principle that if eight men can do certain
work then six men can. Next year, notwith-
standing the increase of business, he may with
the same propriety and by the same process
of reasoning insist that fiveor even four men can
perform the labor which he now thinks can be
done by six. Why, sir, we have this year—
and I am very grateful to the Committee on
Appropriations for making the allowance—we
have $25,000 appropriated for the purchase
and distribution of seeds, against $20,000 ap-
propriated for that purpose last year. I know
th^t we have not enough yet. Still I thank
the committee for this additional $5,000 which
they have given us. But I have to ask whether
this does not increase the amount of labor
devolving on the Department? Will not more
men be required to handle the seed purchased
with $25,000 than were required to handle the
amount purchased with $20,000 ? 1 hope the
gentleman will allow these two additional men.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the committee
rise, for the purpose of closing debute ou the
pending section.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose ; and Mr.
Scofield having taken the chair as Speaker
pro tempore, Mr. Cessna reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union having, pursuant to order of the House,
had under consideration the Union generally,
and particularly the special order, being House
bill No. 974, making appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of
the Government for the year ending June 30,
1871, had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on this bill,
and that all debate on the bill be closed down
to the words " Post Office Department" in the
nine hundred and forty-fifth line.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. Isitiu orderto debate
that motion ?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole, (Mr. Cessxa in the
chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union have again
under consideration the bill (H. 1£. No. 974)
making appropriations forthe legislative, exec-
utive, and judicial expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending the 30th of June, 1871,
and the House has ordered that all debate shall
close down to the words " Post Ollice Depart-
ment" in the nine hundred and forty-fifth line.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Wilson, of Ohio, the committee divided;
and there were—ayes 41, noes 51; no quorum
votiug.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Dawes, and
Mr. Wilson of Ohio, were appointed.
The tellers reported—ayes sixty-three, noes
not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. This amendment will require
a corresponding change to be made in the
amount. When the bill is got through I will
ask unanimous consent to make the correction.
The Clerk read as follows :
For collecting statistics and compiling and writing
matter for monthly, annual, and special reports,
#15,000.
Mr. BOYD. I move to strike out that para-
graph. If permitted, I should like to say some-
thing.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order,
under the order of the House.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For purchase and distribution of new and valuable
seeds, $25,000.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend by strik-
ing out "$25,000" and inserting "$40,000."
I am sorry I am not at liberty to say a word in
support of my amendment.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move to strike out the
paragraph.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For cxpenso of putting up tho same, for labor,
bagging, paper, twine, gum, and other necessary
materials, $5,000.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move to strike out that
paragraph.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For labor on the experimental garden, and for
flower-pots, repairs to green-house, and hea ting appa-
ratus, gravel i'or walks, and purchase ot new plants,
and seeds for tho same, 810,000.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move to strike out the
paragraph just read.
The amendment was not agreed to.
