3436
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
A bill (H. R. No. 1994) granting a pension
to Robert W. Simmons;
A bill (H. R. No. 1995) granting a pension
to Lizzie A. Mower ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1996) granting a pension
to Horace Clough;
A bill (H. R. No. 1997) granting a pension
to Minna Hesse;
A bill (H. R. No. 1998) granting a pension ,
to Betsey Arlin; and j
A bill (H. R. No. 1999) granting a pension |
to Maria Pratt. i
The message also announced that the House J
had passed the following bills of the Senate, j
with amendments, in which it requested con-
currence :
The bill (S. No. 14V) granting a pension to
William B. Looney, of Alabama ; and
The bill (S. No. 846) granting a pension to ;
Rebecca Shoemaker.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills of the Senate,
without amendment:
The bill (S. No. 546) for the relief of the
minor children of Sylvester Dreyer; ;
The bili (S. No. 759) to grant a pension to
John C. Abercrombie; and
The bill (S. No. 865) increasing the pension
of John Coonan.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 974) making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending the 80th of
June, 1871, the pending question being upon
the amendment of Mr. Cole to the amend-
ment of Mr. Williams.
The amendment of Mr. Williams was to
insert after line seven hundred and thirty-two,
on page 30, at the close of the appropri-
ations for the Mint, branch mints, and assay
offices, the following proviso:
Provided, That the Secretary of the Treasury is
hereby authorized, whenever in his judgment and in
the judgment of the Director of the Mint it is forthe
interest of the United States to do so, to receive on
deposit at the Mint of the United States and the sev-
eral branches thereof refined gold and silver bullion
suitable for coinage, and in payment thereof to de-
liver to the parties making such deposits imparted
bars at such rates and upon such terms and regula-
tions as shall be prescribed by the Director of the
Mint, subject to the approval of the Secretary of
the Treasury.
Mr. Cole proposed to amend the amend-
ment by adding to it:
And hereafter no charge shall be made for ooinage
in the United States Mint or its branches.
Mr. COLE. .With the permission of the
chairman of the committee, with the under-
Standing that I may renew it at another time
and in another place,I withdraw my amendment
to the amendment of the Senator from Oregon.
It places me in rather an embarrassing position
to leave it where it is. I am not in favor of
the amendment of the Senator from Oregon,
and can only yield to it in the event of the
adoption of my own amendment. With the
permission of the chairman to offer it another
time, at which time I shall present it in a dif-
ferent form, so as if possible to obviate the
objections of the Senator from Ohio, I now
withdraw it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to the withdrawal
for a moment, until I can correct a statement I
made yesterday. I said then that the amend-
ment of the honorable Senator from Califor-
nia would diminish the revenue $500,000. He
disputed it. On a question of that kind I do
not like to be found in error. I find on exam-
ination that I was in error by stating the amount
too low. His amendment, if adopted, would
decrease the revenue $1,010,140; so that my
error was on the safe side. The amount of
coinage charges on gold was $160,140; on sil-
ver, $100,000; and the profit on nickel coinage
in the mode of levying the seigniorage on the
coinage was $750,0QQ j^jualsing altogether over
a million.
Mr. COLE
ment is withdrawn finally I should like per-
mission to make a little statement also. The
Senator from Ohio includes all, or nearly
all, the revenue to the Government from the
business of coinage, including the coinage of
the copper cents and nickels. My amendment
is intended only to cover the coinage of gold
and silver, the metals in which the country is
more particularly interested, and in the produc-
tion of which the country takes a greater inter-
est by far. That there is a large income to the
Government from coinage of nickels every-
body is aware, because the metal is cheap, and
the amount coined is pretty nearly a clean
profit to the Government. But my statement
is not so far out of the way, after all, I appre-
hend. The income from the coinage of gold
is but one half of one per cent.; and I am
quite certain that the Senator from Ohio is
mistaken as to the amount of coinage of gold
in the United States. He includes in his esti-
mate the charge upon unparted bars. I have
the law in my hand, and it speaks for itself. In
that it is provided that '' there shall be a charge
to the depositors, in addition to the charge
now made for refining or parting the metals,
of one half of one per cent.and at the bot-
tom of the same section I find, "nothing con-
tained in this section shall be construed as
applying to the half dollar, the quarter dollar,
the dime, and the half dime;" so that the
actual revenue to the Government from the
coinage of silver—there being but very few, if
any, silver dollars coined—is nearly nothing.
I speak now of the coinage charge proper, not
the* advantage to the Government that accrues
from the exchange of metal in one form for it
in another form; but the actual charge for
coinage is almost nothing on silver. So far as
it relates to the half dollars, the quarter dol-
lars, the dimes and the half dimes, there is no
charge, and as we coin no silver dollars, or
almost none, the charge for silver coinage, of
course, can amount to but a trifle.
I do not include in my estimate the amount
of charge made for refining or parting metal3,
but only the coinage charge, which is one half
| of one per cent; and if the amount of gold
• coinage much exceeds $20,000,000 I am still
mistaken. I simply wish to relieve the depos-
itor from the charge of one half of one per cent,
for coinage. The other charges I would per-
mit to be continued. I do not object to the
charge in the Mint for refiuing, or for parting
the metals, or any other charge except simply
the charge for coinage, the charge which is in
addition to the others of one half of one per
cent., and that certainly cannot amount to more
than $100,000, or about that sum.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California withdraws his amendment to the
amendment, and the question recurs on the
amendment offered by the Senator from Ore-
fon [Mr. Williams] from the Committee on
'inance.
Mr. NYE. I renew the amendment to the
amendment. I should like to inquire of the
Senator from Ohio what amount of gold coin-
age there was last year?
Mr. SHERMAN. The amount of double
eagles was $21,000,000; eagles, $209,000; half
eagles, $228,000. The whole amount of gold
that passed through the Mint was $32,000,000.
Mr. NYE. How much was actual coinage?
Mr. SHERMAN. The actual coinage of
gold in the Mint was $22,000,000.
Mr. NYE. What is charged for that—one
half of one per cent. ?
Mr. SHERMAN. There is one charge called
the seigniorage, which is one half of one per
cent., but there are various charges.
Mr. NYE. I am inquiring simply as to the
coining.
Mr. SHERMAN. There are several charges
besides.
Mr. NYE. What do they all aggregate?
Mr. SHERMAN. It depends entirely on
the quality of the metal. The whole amount
received from the varions forms of mintage
charges is over one million dollars.
Mr. NYE. But I am confining my question
to gold, or, if the Senator chooses, to gold and
silver.
Mr. SHERMAN. The mere charge for
seigniorage, as it is called, is one half of one
per cent.
Mr. NYE. I desire to occupy the time of
the Senate for a few moments on this question.
It is certainly of as much and of greater ad-
vantage to the country to have the amount of
coinage large, or to have coinage at all, than it
is to the individuals who own the metal out of
which that coinage comes. I have always re-
garded it as wrong in principle that the Govern-
ment should charge the producer of bullion
one half of one per cent, for putting its stamp
on it and making it currency, or the basis of
currency operations in this country.
I think that when the producer has got his
gold or silver ready for coinage it is of far
greater interest to the Government than it can
be to the individual to have it coined here.
Why? Because that bullion, in whatever shape
it may be, will bring the coin of any other
country which is par here as readily as it will
the coin of our own country. Therefore, to
the individual who produces this bullion it is
of no sort of profit or advantage to have it
stamped by the impress of the Government, or.
in other words, to have it coined. That, it has
always seemed to me, ought to be done gratu-
itously by the Government, for it is of no
advantage to the particular individual, but of
advantage to the many.
I therefore hope that a vote will be taken
upon this proposition to free the producer from
the charge of coinage, which, according to the
statement of the honorable Senator from Ohio,
cannot exceed $100,000 a year, or at most a
little over one hundred thousand dollars. If
the amount coined was $20,000,000 it would
be exactly $100,000.' It seems to me that the
Government can well afford to do that to en-
courage production and keep the metal of the
country, with its own impress on, in the coun-
try. I hope the Senate will agree with me in
that respect. Certainly it cannot harm the
Government more than $100,000.
The mints of our country were never intended,
they were not established with any view to
affording any profit to the Government. A mint
is a Government necessity. It is not a machine
run for profit; or if it makes profit it profits
out of the producer who produces the gold and
silver bullion for minting; and I think the
time has arrived when we can take the stand
other Governments have, that we will put the
impress of our country upon the coin it pro-
duces for nothing.
Mr. HOWARD. Do I understand the hon-
orable Senator from Nevada to say that the
producer of the bullion practically is made to
pay the expense of the coinage ?
Mr. NYE. Certainly I do.
Mr. STEWART. More than the expense.
Mr. NYE. He has to pay more than the
expense. He has to pay a profit to this Gov-
ernment besides the expense.
Mr. HOWARD. How does that come about?
Mr. NYE. Because they charge one half
per cent for minting. If I take $1,000 of bul-
lion to the Mint at Philadelphia they deduct
the price of the mintage.
Mr. HOWARD. So that the coinage comes
out of the vender of the bullion.
Mr. NYE. Yes. I assert that it was not
the theory at all upon which our mints were
established, but it is perverting the design of
our mints to charge the persons who produce
this bullion for putting the impress of the Gov-
ernment upon it.
Mr. HOWARD. Is there any law that
requires the reduction to be made from the
value of the bullion brought to the Mint?
Mr. NYE. Yes, sir ; there is such a law.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator have the
goodness to read it?
