4380
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
in full the importance, necessity, and justice
of this appropriation.
[Here the hammer fell. ]
Ml". CONGrBii. I wish to call attention to
the rule adopted by the committee, which I
think was a just one, not to make an appropri-
ation without a recommendation and survey on
the part of the Bureau of Engineers. And let
me say that ever since -the close of the war
it has been within (he power of the city of
Mobile to request a survey to be made of" the
bay and harbor by the Engineer Bureau.
Aud let me say farther, in reply to the gentle-
man who has just taken his seat, that the diffi-
culty in Mobile harbor is in reference to shift-
ing bars, which one year are in one place and
the next year in another place. This is one
of the difficulties in the way of improving the
harbor and bay of Mobile ; but let me tell the
gentleman, bad as he says the harbor of Mobile
is, it is far better than most of the harbors in
the West. The committee considered very
properly that, though Mobile was an import-
ant harbor, it was necessary, before making
an appropriation, to have the report of an
engineer on which to base the calculation.
The House must, of course, admit the neces-
sity and propriety of that rule. There was an
appropriation madefor Mobile liarboriu former
years of $207,000; but it was made on a sur-
vey by an engineer and a report, which the
gentleman, if he desires it, can now find in the
engineer's department. But J submit that this
Congress should not blindly make appropria-
tions for any harbor whatever.
Mr, BINGHAM. I move to amend the
amendment by adding ipo.OOO to the amount,.
The committee will observe that in the second
section of this bill provision is made for a sur-
vey of Mobile harbor. The committee should
also Dear in mind that in 1800 an appropria-
tion of, I believe. 8100,000 was made for the
improvement of this harbor, not a dollar of
which ever was expended, and perhaps the
appropriation itself was repealed on accour.t
of the intervention of the rebellion. As I
understand, this is the second harbor in im-
portance in the southern country. Before the
war Mobile was the second port in the world
for the export of cotton. To-day it is the
third.
It was my good fortune to bo in Mobile last
year on official duty, and I can say that the
fact was apparent to every one that on account
of the obstructions in the harbor some expend-
iture there was very much needed. I under-
stand that unless those obstructions are re-
moved they will become so permanently fixed
by reason of the opposing currents of tide and
river, that ten times this amount will not re-
move them. Now, then, is the time to do this
work, if it is to be done at all.
1 would also ask the House to consider the
fitness and propriety of making some appro-
priation to a harbor of this magnitude, which
has heretofore been deemed worthy the con-
sideration of Congress, when the amount asked
is not more than one third of the amount pro-
posed for the harbors of Massachusetts, for
example, outside of Boston; although I under-
take to say that those harbors outside of Bos-
ton are not more important to the whole people
of the United States than is this harbor of
Mobile. I do not find any fault with the ap-
propriations made to the State of Massachu-
setts or to any other State. I believe it is a
wise economy to provide for the improvement
of our harbors, and thereby for the increase
of our commerce, since I know right well that
the foremost among the nations is always the
nation that is foremost in its commerce.
j hope it will be agreeable to the committee
to try the experiment of making this appro-
priation. If the harbor is worthy of a survey,
as provided for in this bill, it is worthy also of
an appropriation. In making such an appro-
priation the House would but indorse the judg-
ment of the Thirty-Sixth Congress, which made
a similar appropriation. I do not desire to
press my amendment, having merely offered it
to enable me to make these remarks.
MESSAGE I'ltOJI TUB PRESIDES!1.
The committee iuformally rose ; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message
in writing from the President of the United
Siates was communicated to the House, by Mr.
Horace Porter, hjs Private Secretary. t
ItlVKIt and isakbok IMI'llOVJSMENTiS.
'The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union resumed its session.
Mr. BUCKLEY. I desire to say a word or
two in reply to the gentleman from Michigan,
[Mr. CoxGiiii,j who complained that this har-
bor was not surveyed, and claimed, therefore,
that no appropriation ought to be made. 1
wish to ask the gentleman when the survey he
insists upon could have been made of this har-
bor. It was not until 1808, during the last
days or the second session of the Fortieth Con-
gress, that Alabama had any representation
on this floor. or that there was any one here
to look after the special interests of the port
of Mobile. It could not have been done last
winter. And now this is the first opportunity
we have for asking that a survey of the port
be made, and that, at the same time, accom-
panying that, we may have a small appropria-
tion for removing the obstructions in the chan-
nel which were placed there during the war.
It is for this purpose more than anything else
that we make the request for this small appro-
priation. 11 is well known that during the war
obstructions were placed there to keep the
Federal gun-boats from going up to the city.
And now what wo want is to remove those
obstructions, that our commerce may have
free access to the Gulf.
I wish to say, while 1 am up, that the reason
the port of Mobile to-day is not the second
cotton market in the world is the fact that the
commerce of the Tombigbee, the Warrior, the
Alabama, and the Coosa rivers is now seeking
the Atlantic ports instead of the Gulf. It goes
to Charleston and Savannah, and in this way
Mobile is being injured every year in her com-
merce. On this point the Mobile harbor com-
missioners make use of the following language:
"The expense of lighterage consequent on the
shallowness of the bay of Mobile, ov/in;; to which all
vessels but those of very inconsiderable draught are
compelled to discharge and load at. over twenty miles
from the wharves of the city, lias long been fel t as an
onerous burden, not only on the commerce of'Mobile,
but on tho productive wealth of tho whole State.
This expense amounts to thirty cents on every bale
of cotton, and in the aggregate, calculating imports
as well as exports, is estimated at not loss than
8350,000 per annum, from two thirds to three fourths
of which would be annually saved by a channel per-
mitting vessels drawing fifteen feet water to take and i
discharge their cargoes at the wharves of the City.'' ■
I therefore think it due to the citizens of
that port, due to the State and to all the citi-
zens of the State, that this appropriation should
be made.
To show tho committee and the country that
what we ask to be done is reasonable and prac-
tical, I invite attention to the following extract
from tho report of the Mobile harbor commis-
sioners, made January 1, X8G1, just before the
breaking out of the war:
"The mass of information thus obtained having
been collated and reduced to maps and tables in the
Coast Survey office at Washington, tho whole sub-
ject was referred, by permission of the Genera! Gov-
ernment, to an advisory council of United Stales
commissioners, consististingot'Profe^sor A.]J. Baehe,
Superintendent United States Coast Survey, General
J. G. Xotten, chief United States engineer corps, and
Commander C. II. Uavis, superintendent United
States Nautical Almannc, gentlemen who are recog-
nized as tho highest scientific authority in matters
of this nature. The conclusions at which the Uni-
ted States commissioners arrived, after a thorough
examination and discussion of ail tho questions
involved, in which they wore assisted by the engineer
of the Mobile harbor board, detailed for that purpose,
exceed the expectations of the most sanguine friends
of the improvement. Itisshown that not only is tho
execution of the work comparatively easy, but its
preservation in order, when completed, is'attended
with but small expense. Tho report contains a sum-
mary and review of alt the laots ascertained under
the instructions of tho Superintendent of the United
States Coast Survey, trao.es the line of tho proposed
channel, and recommends dredging as the cheapest
and speediest method of operation.
'" The commissioners, therefore, are enabled to lay
before the publicthe following results of their labors
for the past year:
" 1. The contemplated improvement by theexeava-
tion of a channel twenty-three miles in length, three
hundred feet wide, and fifteen feet deep, has been
proved to bo not only feasible, but comparatively
easy of execution.
" 2. A thorough survey of the rivers and bay with
a view to tho contemplated improvement has boen
executed under the direction of the Superintendent
of tho United States Coast Survey by. able naval
officers and mathematicians: all the information
bearing upon thesubjoet has been collected, system-
atized by tho mostdistinguished engineering author-
ities in tho country, and made available in the shape
ot maps, tracings, tables, charts, &c.
"3. It has been ascertained that the channelabovo
described can be co'mploted in from two to two and
a half years from the time of commencing excava-
tious, and at an expense largely wjthin the amount
contemplated by tho act authorizing the improve-
ment."
Mr. BINGHAM. I withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment.
'The question was then taken on Mr. Buck's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
Mr. STRICKLAND. 1 offer the following
amendment:
For improvement of Eaglo harbor, Michigan,
$10,00 J.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I make the point of
order on that amendment that the expenditure
is not authorized by existing lav/.
Mr. STRICKLAND. The gentleman cannot
make it successfully, for tho work is already
in progress, and this appropriation is merely
for the purpose of continuing it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Then, if it is authorized
by law, of course it is in order.
Mr. STRICKLAND. I desire to state very
briefly the reasons why I ask this small appro-
priation for this harbor. Eagle harbor is the
only harbor between Copper harbor and Bay-
field where there is anything like a refuge for
vessels. An appropriation was made of S0o,000
for its improvement, and of that sum $-15,000
has been expended. There remains an unex-
pended balance of 520,000. This harbor has
a rocky bottom, and they have progressed in
the work of cutting out the rock for a certain
distance, and in order to carry that work
through, so that the appropriation may be
available at all, it is necessary to add $16,000
to the amount. With this appropriation the en-
gineers can continue the channel, sixty-live feet
wide, over the bar of rock. Unless this is done
there is no value in the expenditure already
made. I therefore ask the House to add to the
unexpended balance this small sum of $10,000:
otherwise we shall lose the entire appropria-
tion. The chief engineer asked for $100,000;
but we are content to take §10,000, and I ask
the House to let us have it; it will enable us
to render the existing appropriation available
and to make the harbor what it should be, one
of the best on Lake Superior. The time is
very soon to arrive when Lake Superior will
bo open to a very great commerce, and this
harbor will be very valuable. I therefore ask
the House to give us this $16,000.
Mr. SAWYER. I would say, so far as this
amendment is concerned, that the committee
had this matter under consideration, and they
came to the conclusion that they conld not well
afford to make this recommendation. There
is now an unexpended balance of $20,000 for
the work.
The question was taken on Mr. Striokxaxd's
amendment, and ir, was not agreed to.
Mr. PLATT. I offer the following amend-
ment :
For tho improvement of tho Appomattox river,
\ lrginia, from Petersburg to its mouth, £100,000.
Mr. SAWYER. I must make the point of
order on that amendment.
Mr. PL ATT. I hope not.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is out
of order.
_Mr. PLATT. I hope the gentleman from
"Wisconsin [Mr. Sawyku] will let the matter be
decided by the House: 1 hope he will not press
the point of order. Let me make a statement
