1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2493
property which we give to you to the settler
at a price infinitely below what it may be worth
in the market." That is not, it strikes me, a
very statesman-like view of the subject.
I hope this amendment will not be adopted.
I am satisfied that it will affect most injuri-
ously the security of the mortgage and may be
a very embarrassing circumstance in the nego-
tiation of the company's loans. I trust the
Senate will come to a vote upon the subject.
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. President, I rise to say
a single word in regard to the character of the
amendment which has been spoken of by the
Senator from Michigan. If that was an amend-
ment proposed to a bill the lands granted by
which were of the agricultural character of the
lands in Nebraska and Kansas, I should proba-
bly vote for it knowing that emigration would
rush in and take up all those lands speedily
for actual cultivation. But knowing that a
large portion of the lands contemplated by this
grant are lauds of a different character which
cannot be occupied by actual settlers, I think
I am justified under thes# circumstances in
voting against the amendment to this measure
while I might be justified in voting for it on
another bill under different circumstances.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President—-
Mr. SPENCER. If the Senator from Iowa
will give way I desire to move that when the
Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Oh, no ; to-day is Thurs-
day.
Mr. IIARLAN. I cannot yield for that
motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Iowa declines to yield. The motion can
only be entertained at this time by unanimous
consent, another subject being pending.
Mr. TIARLAN. Air. President, 1 am in
favor of the construction of the railroad re-
ferred to in this joint resolution, and am will-
ing to vote for reasonable grants of land to
enable the company now having it in hand to
complete the work. And, as I understand,
my colleague does not differ with me on this
point nor with the Senators who have criticised
him with some severity on this subject. lie
desires, however, to so make this additional
grant, if it shall be made at all, as not to em-
barrass the extension of settlement along the
line of the road; and I have no doubt, what-
ever may be the present view of the honorable
Senator from Michigan, that Congress will
come to that proposition in any future grants
to be made. I have no doubt that any future
laws passed granting lands to aid in the con-
struction of railroads will limit the price of the
lands. Nor do I think there is any injustice
in this. Any wise company would adopt the
very course suggested by my colleague in a bill
which ho has introduced on this subject.
His bill proposes that the company shall be
required to appraise its lands at such prices as
shall on the average be not more than $2 ;">0
an acre; and this is enough. Take the case
now in hand ; in the Territories the law as it
stands makes a grant nominally to this com-
pany of forty sections of land to the mile, each
section containing sixhundred and forty acres.
It is a grant, therefore, of twenty-five thousand
six hundred acres of land to the mile. If any
one will make a computation of this quantity
of land at §2 50 an acre he will ascertain that
it will amount to $64,000 per mile; and yet
Senators argue here as if this would trammel
the company I And this joint resolution pro-
poses to secure at least this amount by extend-
ing the grant ten miles more on each side of
the road. How much does it cost to build a
railroad over areasonably fair country ? Before
the war the companies having in hand the
construction of railroads in Iowa put in the
ties, laid down the iron, and put on a suf-
ficient amount of rolling stock for local busi-
ness at a cost of from twelve to fourteen
thsusand dollars per mile.
Here this company already have a grant, if
they should be _ able to find it all within the
limits of fifty miles on each side of the line, of
twenty-five thousand acres of land per mile ;
and because there are members in this body
and in the other branch of Congress who think
this land ought not to be sold to settlers for
more on an average than $2 50 an acre, they
are accused of being illiberal, enemies to the
construction of railroads, opposed to penetrat-
ing the great interior by these lines of com-
merce and civilization! As it presents itself
to my mind, a proposition more extravagant
was never submitted for the consideration of
any deliberative body. If an amendment can
be carefully matured and digested embracing
the idea of my colleague, it will be adopted by
the people of this country and by Congress
sooner or later.
It was said by the honorable Senator from
Nevada [Mr. Stewart] that it might embar-
rass these companies in the sale of town sites.
Sir, what business have railroad companies
with the erection of towns ? Is it not enough
that you give them a vast quantity of public
lands to be sold for agricultural purposes ?
Must they be permitted to monopolize all the
town sites across half a continent in addition ?
It is quite doubtful to my mind whether the
right even to loeate their depots is a proper
thing to be intrusted to these companies. It is
at least not without its evils. Companies not
infrequently have loeated their depots in the
now States just far enough away from a town
to ruin an existing town in order to secure en-
hanced value to the lots they may sell at the
new location.
Mr. STEWART. Docs the Senator fear
that any towns on the lme of this road will be
injured in that way?
Mr. HARLAN. Will towns be ruined on
the line of this road ? If any exist on the line
of the road 
Mr. STEWART. Do any exist? _
Mr. HARLAN. As the route lies across
Minnesota, embracing its whole breadth of hun-
dreds of miles, it is quite possible that it will
lie near towns already located and to some
extent improved.
Mr. RAMSEY. I will say that there are no
towns between Dninth and the Red river.
Mr. HARLAN. My remark was in response
to the general proposition of permitting rail-
road companies to locate towns. I indorse
very much that has been said by nearly every
Senator who has spoken on this subject. I
believe that these railroads ought to be built,
and that where the local capital of the country
will not engage in these enterprises without
the inducement of a reasonable grant of public
lands it ought to be made ; but these grants
of land have always heretofore been made on
the idea that the United States, as a holder
of public lands, as a great land proprietor,
could well afford to grant a reasonable portion
of its property to a company to enable it to
build a road, conditioned, however, that the
reserved sections should be sold at double the
minimum price. But here is a proposition to
increase the grant of a company that already
holds a grant, the like of which never was
heretofore given to any company. j
1 will repeat here what 1 said on a fotmer j
occasion. The grant within the State of'Mm-
uesota is twenty sections to the mile ; that is, j
alternate sections embracing a strip of twenty
miles on each side of the road; and within the !
Territories the graut is just double—one half i
the land embraced within a strip of forty miles j
on each side of the road. In addition to this [
it is provided already in the law which this j
joint resolution proposes to amend that if any 1
part of this land shall have been heretofore |
granted or reserved or occupied by homestead j
or preemption settlers, the company may take i
an equal quantity of land within an additional !
strip of ten miles in width on each side of the
line. The grant within the State of Minnesota
is now half of a strip of forty miles, and the com-
pany may, in order to secure lands that here-
tofore have been granted within that limit, go
out within a. margin of ten miles upon each
side; and within the Territories may do the
same. So that they now have the opportunity
of taking half of all the public lands in the
Territories within a strip of just one hundred
miles in width j and the measure now before
the Senate proposes to give them an option to
go twenty miles" more, makingit just sixty miles
on each side of the line.
Why, Mr. President, this proposition re-
minds me of a generous remark made by a
former Senator from New Hampshire, whom
my associates ou this floor will well remember
as having been once chairman of the Commit-
tee on Public Lands. He frequently inquired
of me as to the character and effect of bills
pending making grants of public lands, usually
accompanying his inquiry with this remark;
"I do not oppose these grants. What I desire
is that the grants shall be made as equitably
as possible. I am willing you may take all
the land, but I want an honest distribution."
Now, sir, I am in favor of granting to the
State of the Senator from Minnesota, and to
every other now State, every acre of public
land within its limits. I think that policy,
heretofore advocated by some of the ablest
statesmen known to the history of this coun-
try, is right; but I am not in favor of giving
all the land to one man or to one railroad com-
pany. Let us liave a fair division.
Now, what will be the effect of increasing
this grant to the extent of ten miles in addi-
tion, so that the whole sweep of the grant will
cover a country one hundred and twenty miles
in width? It will render it impossible for you
to encourage the construction of another rail-
road within sixty miles of this line. Take the
State of the Senator from Minnesota. Does
he not desire parallel roads to this line within
a space nearer than sixty miles ?
Mr. STEWART. It is not sixty miles within
the State.
Mr. HARLAN. No, not within the State ;
but then if States are to be organized west of
Minnesota my argument will bo applicable to
that country; and it is contemplated of course
by all of us that the territory west of Minnesota
will be populated and carved up into States at
no very distant day. If this is to be the case,
if the country is to be populated, will it not be
desirable to have other railroads through the
country, even parallel railroads nearer than a
space of one hundred and twenty miles ? If
you are to make grants to individual companies
of all the available laud within a sweep of one
hundred and twenty miles, you can make no
similar grants so as to favor the construction
of parallel lines nearer to each other than one
hundred and twenty miles.
Mr. RAMSEY. Why not?
Mr. HARLAN. Because the country will
have been occupied; you will have granted the
land away.
Mr. RAMSEY. I f the country is populated
railroads can be built without laud grants.
Mr. HARLAN. Yes; and companies can
build railroads now without land grants if
they are disposed to use their own money.
This brings me to the consideration of another
proposition made by the honorable Senator
from Michigan, that this company cannot bor-
row money unless you enlarge its grant and
otherwise amend the existing law.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator misunder-
stood me if he inferred any such thing from
what I said. I did not say that the company
could not borrow money without this.
Mr. HARLAN. I may have stated it too
strongly; but the Senator did say that it would
embarrass them in negotiating their bonds. I
suppose the word " embarrassment " is a word
that may have a deeper or a milder meaning.
Mr. HOWARD. What I said was this:
that if these lands, which are to be sold at a
maximum of $2 50, found their way into the
mortgage, that would be a circumstance to
affect the character of the mortgage and the
