1869,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
237
take up the time of the Senate by going into a
discussion of all the abuses under which the
civil service suffers, but briefly enumerate some
of the most important which seem to be within
the reach of reform, and to which the provisions
of my bill apply.
In the first place, appointments to office are
mostly made upon the recommendations of
politicians of high and low grade. The means
by which such recommendations are frequently
obtained, and the reasons for which they are
given, are so well known, and have but recently
been so ably exposed by the distinguished
Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] that
it is superfluous to enlarge upon them. It is
an acknowledged fact that in a very large
number of cases the offices are looked upon
as berths into which men may be put for their
own comfort and that of their protectors, and
the best interests of the service are treated as
a mere secondary consideration.
Second. The President and the heads of
the Executive Departments have in most cases
neither time nor opportunity to examine with
sufficient care the recommendations submitted
to them for the simple reason that immense
numbers of such recommendations usually
rush down upon them with impetuous and
uproarious urgency all at the game time.
Third. This general rush usually occurs just
at that period in the official existence of an Ad-
ministration when the President and the heads
of Departments have just entered upon the dis-
charge of duties comparatively new to them ;
when they have had no time yet to study the
exigencies of the service, and are therefore
least fitted for the tremendous task of taking
to pieces the vast administrative machinery of
the Government and of putting it together again
out of new material.
Fourth. Instead ofstimulating the honest zeal
of officers, the present system is rather calculated
to demoralize them. The loose moral notions
fostered by the spoils system as it exists ; the
fact of their having been put in olliee for their
and their friends' accommodation, and for other
reasons which have nothing ro do with the inter-
ests of the service ; the feeling of insecurity in
their tenure; the knowledge that dutiful eon-
duct is not a sufficient protection to them
against political and personal combinations ;
the almost absolute certainty of being removed
as soon as the Government changes hands, all
these things are apt to discourage the proper
ambition of officers, and even to induce them
to feather their nests whiletlicy have an oppor-
tunity to do so.
Fifth. In addition to these demoralizing
influences the efficiency of the service is im-
paired by its lack of stability, inexperienced
men appointed to offico will require some time
to become perfectly conversant with their offi-
cial duties ; and it very frequently happens that
when they have attained a respectable degree
of efficiency they arc removed to make way
for men as inexperienced as they were when
they began. A collector of customs under the
late Administration made during less than
three years while lie held office about four hun-
dred changes in two hundred and forty offices,
and those, too, involving the most delicate trusts
in the customs service.
Sixth. This state of things encourages tnen
of inferior moral and intellectual qualifications
to aspire to public station, while it lowers the
character of the civil service in such a degree
as to deter in many cases men of high self-
respect and superior ability from devoting
themselves to the service of the Itepnblic in the
administrative offices of the Government. The
existence of these and other abuses and evils
no candid man will deny. The fearful demor-
alization which the spoils system entails upon
our whole political life I willnot now dilate upon.
The remedies proposed in my bill are the
following: in order to do away with the prac-
tice of appointing officers on recommendations
so untrustworthy, and notunfrequently so com-
pletely worthless, the bill provides for a civil-
service board, whose business it will be to
examine the qualifications of candidates for
office, with a single eye to their fitness for the
performance of official duty and the discharge
of public trust; and from the number of those
whose fitness has been properly ascertained the
appointments shall be made.
I recognize the fact that whatever modes of
investigating the qualifications of a candidate
the civil-service board may adopt the result of
such investigation will not be entirely conclusive
as to his business ability. It is therefore pro-
vided in the bill that every officer shall pass
through a year of probation, during which his
superiors will have ample time and opportunity
to discover whether he possesses those practical
faculties and those qualities of character which
are necessary to make an officer efficient, but
which a mere examination cannot bring to
light; and before the expiration of that year
of probation the appointing power shall at all
times have authority to remove an officer with-
out being questioned about such removal.
We distinguish in the civil service two classes
of officers: those who are appointed by the
President, by and with the advice and cor.sent
of the Senate, and those who as inferior officers
work under the orders and direction of the
former class, and whose appointment is bylaw
vested in the heads of Departments. A bill
providing for the examination, appointment,
and promotion of officers belongingto tlio latter
class has been introduced in the Ilouse of Rep-
resentatives by the distinguished member from
Rhode Island, [Mr. .1 kxck kk. ] I suppose every
Senator is more or less familiar with it. lJut
that bill, excellent as far as it reaches, is eon-
fined in its operation to the clerks of higher
and lower order. Jt touches, therefore, only
a part of the evil to be remedied. My bill in-
cludes the whole of Mr. .Iuxckkk' scheme, with
slight alterations in its provisions and phrase-
ology; but 1 go one step further, and apply
rules of a somewhat similar character to the
ollices to be filled by presidential appointment.
Applicants for such offices have, according
to the plan 1 submit., also to pass through the
ordeal of an examination of their qualifica-
tions by the civil-service board. Hut I am
well aware that it would be impracticable to
subject candidates for certain offices to an
examination in the ordinary meaning of the
term. It would, for instance, bo unreasonable
to order every candidate for a little country
post office personally before an examining
board. The bill provides, therefore, that the
civil-service board may by general rules
determine that, in order to ascertain the fitness
of candidates for certain offices, mere inquiries
concerning the character, antecedents, social
standing, and general ability may be substituted
for formal examinations. All recommenda-
tions will, of course, have to undergo a search-
ing scrutiny oil the part of the board.
In order not to encroach upon the preroga-
tive of the President with regard to tiiose ap-
pointments, which according to the Constitu-
tion and laws arc to be made by him, with the
consent of the Senate, the bill provides that
tho eivil-serviee board shall by examination
or mere inquiry, or both combined, ascertain
what candidates for a certain office are lit for
the performance of the duties thereof accord-
ing to the standard set up by general rules, and
the President may then make his selection from
the whole number of candidates found fit, or
he may send whomsoever he pleases before the
civil-service board, and, if that candidate be
found to come up to the fixed standard of
qualifications, nominate him for the place. Tho
*ivil-scrvice board will therefore not designate
tho person to be appointed, thus virtually exer-
cising the appointing power, but it will exclude
from the list of candidates those who aie unfit
for appointment. The Senate will have the
reports of the boaid on all the candidates
before tliem, and thereby be enabled to ascer-
tain whether the best choice has been made by
the President.
In order to avoid the difficulties arising from
the short and uncertain tenure of office, and
from the circumstance that the demand for
removals and appointments usually comes im-
mediately after the accession to power of an
Administration, and en masse, the bill pro-
vides as follows :
All officers, with the exception of the class
covered by Mr. Jenckes's bill, who are already
in the civil-service when the operations of the
civil service board commence, and who, there-
fore, had been appointed without the careful
scrutiny prescribed by the bill, shall hold office
for the term of five years from the date of their
commissions; but all presidential appoint-
ments made afterward in pursuance of tho
provisions of the bill shall be for the term of
eight years. No removals shall take place
except for cause duly investigated and tried
by the board, with the proviso, however, that
any officer now in the service may at any time
be ordered before the civil-service board, and
if found unfit be dismissed. It is further pro-
vided that whenever any vacancy occurs in any
office before the expiration of the term the
person selected to fill that vacancy shall bo
appointed, not for the balance of the unex-
pired term, but for a new and full term of eight
years.
The object of these provisions is the follow-
ing: the term of five years will carry the officers
now in the service, unless sooner removed, one
year or more beyond the accession to power of
the next Administration. The next Adminis-
tration, assuming that it will consist of a new
set of persons, will by that time have acquired
sufficient knowledge of the exigencies of the
service and experience to guide it in the mat-
ter of appointments; or if the personnel of the
present Administration be continued for another
term, the same consideration will hold good for
the future. The term of eight years, for which
presidential appointments are to be made under
the operation of this bill, will answer a double
purpose: first, it will give the country the
benefit of the services of officers for a consider-
able time after their efficiency is matured by
experience; and second, it will carry a large
number, probably a considerable majority of
the officers through tho terms of two Admin-
istrations, perhaps through a change of the
party in power, and soon wean the people of the
traditional notion that the civil service of tjje
United States must necessarily be the working
machinery of a political party, thus eradicating
the spoils system.
Tho additional provision that vacancies oc-
casioned by death or resignation or removal
shall be filled by appointments for full terms
and not for the balance of unexpired terms
will have this effect: the expiration of terms
will not occur en masse at one time or within
a very limited period, thus creating an enormous
and confusing pressure; but it will in the nat-
ural courseof things generally be scattered over
the period of eight years; thus giving the civil-
service board and the appointing power ample
time to conduct their investigations and to
make their selections deliberately and without
being unduly overcrowded. And finally, the
provision which permits removals only for suf-
ficient cause, and upon impartial trial, will
Strengthen the best impulses in the heart of
every public officer by assuring him that he
can find security of tenure in honest zeal and
dutiful conduct, while the official recognition
of duties well performed, as provided for in the
bill, will stimulate his ambition to base future
claims upon past good conduct and to leave an
honorable record behind him.
_ I have now explained those provisions of the
bill which in my opinion need elucidation with
regard to their purpose and bearing. I invite
my fellow-Senators when they read the printed
bill to judge its provisions in the light of these
explanations. 1 have confined myself to these
plain and dry statements, reserving a full dis-
cussion of the subject to the time when the bill
will comejjp for consideration.
