1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5325
understand this question. The Committee on
Retrenchment is now investigating this whole
subject. I do not want this appropriation
placed in the bill until that committee make a
report, if these men are entitled to this money
there will be plenty of time next December to
make the appropriation. The honorable Sen-
ator from Maine seems to have given this sub-
ject but little attention, for he is greatly mis-
taken on one point. The report of the board
is adverse to giving Corliss this $257,000, and
the Department has issued a certificate in defi-
ance of that report,
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Car-
penter in the chair.) The question is on con-
curring in the amendment made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The question being put, it was declared that
the ayes appeared to have it.
Mr. SPENCER. I ask for a division.
Mr. CRAG IN. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator from Alabama to let this amendment be
concurred in, and then move the other amend-
ment that he proposes.
Mr. SPENCER. I shall movethat amend-
ment certainly on the next page.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection this amendment will be regarded
as concurred in. The Chair hears 110 objection.
The next reserved amendment was on page
18, line four hundred and thirty-two, to insert
" $1,750,000" in lieu of " §1,000,000;" so as
to make the clause read :
Bureau of Steam Engineering :
]?or repairs of machinery of steamers, boilers,
instruments, tools, labor, transportation, materials,
stores $1,750,000.
Mr. SPENCER. I move to amend that
amendment by adding the foliowing proviso :
Provided, That no money appropriated by this act
sliall be expended on account of naval engines con-
tracted for during the war.
Mr. NYE. I am hardly able to see the object
of that amendment. The purpose of tins ap-
propriation is to get rid of the interminable
controversy about these contracts made during
the war. The facts are perfectly patent, and
not, only familiar to those who are ou the Naval
Coumiitt.ee. but familiar to the country.
In 1863 the then head of the Bureau of Steam-
Engineering, Mr. Isherwood, made contracts
for the construction of so many engines of
this extraordinary power and size. I believe
it is admitted that they are failures. The
truth is, the timber is yet growing that is to be
put around these engines. Ever since the war
has closed and the work has stopped upon
these engines, there has been one constant
series of appeals to the Secretary of the Navy,
to the Naval Committees of both Houses, and
to Congress to get rid of and settle up these
contracts. The Navy Department have acted
wisely, I think, in stopping the contracts after
having tested these engines fairly in a steamer
■which is named in the papers, but which has
some unpronounceable name. I believe the
engine was found to be like the Irishman's
rabbit, which cost more for butter to cook it
than it was worth. [Laughter.] Therefore,
they stopped work on the engines ; but the con-
tracts stood existing in full force against the
Government.
Now, to get rid of those contracts and to
settle them up is the object of this appropria-
tion. We have got to trust somebody in these
matters. I do not doubt the accuracy of the
figures of the honorable Senator trom Ala-
bama; but it so happens that he is not the
source to which we go to get accurate informa-
tion on which to rely and upon which Congfess
must act. We go to the head of the Depart-
ment. The honorable Senator may not be
fully possessed of all the facts, or he may be.
But after all, it is the judgment of the Depart
meut that we must take. I hope, therefore,
that we shall take a vote on this amendment
and vote it down at once. It would be an
insult to the Department, a great outrage to
these contractors, and a wrong to the country to
keep every avenue besieged, asking us to get
rid of these old contracts.
Mr. CRAGIN. I dislike to say one word
on this subject; and yet I feel it a sort of duty
that I should say something upon it. At the
beginning of the present Administration, a
year ago last spring, a board of naval officers
was appointed by the Secretary of the Navy
in order to examine the unfinished machinery
that had Seen contracted for during the former
Administrations, with a view to see whether
the Government could not get rid' of the con-
tracts ; whether instead of going on and fin-
ishing up the work they could not in some
way dispense with that extra cost and take the
machinery as it was, or induce the contractors
to take it on some terms, and save money to
the Government. That was a wise movement.
A board of three officers was appointed, and
they reported how much it would cost to finish
the machinery that had been contracted for.
They reported, in the first place, how much
was due on the contracts. For instance, to
the Corliss Steam-Engine Company they re-
ported there was due on the contract for the
sixty by thirty-six inch engines $100,000, and
there were also due for extra bills $11,549 15.
That was the amount due on the contract; but
they say it would cost only $15,000 to finish
those engines. Therefore, there was $85,000
due Corliss on those engines. They reported
also that on the contract for the one hundred
inch engines there was due Corliss $140,000,
and there were some extra bills on them to the
amount of $7,068 25. In the statement with
the Corliss Steam-Engine Company I am sat-
isfied from an examination of this matter that
the Department have not deducted from the
contract price as much as it would have cost
them to finish the work ; but that may not be
any reason why this amendment should be
adopted. But the Corliss Company were not
obliged to accept the award of this board. The
Government could have canceled the contract,
could have ordered them to stop work, and
then the company would have had B; claim
against the Government for whatever was equi-
tably due. There is no doubt in my mind but
that the Corliss Steam-Engine Company have
a certificate of indebtedness for some $100,000
more than it would have been according to the
report of this board ; at the same time-thp De-
partment may have had the right, and perhaps
it was good policy to settle with them eveu on
those terms and get rid of the contract.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I understand the
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs
to say that he has no objection to an amend-
ment of this particular appropriation, to the
effect that no part of it shall be expended for
the payment of engines contracted for during
the war.
Mr. CRAGIN. The Committee on Naval
Affairs have not examined this subject partic
nlarly, and do not feel any more interest in it
than the Committee on Appropriations. There
is in this general appropriation a sum of money
that ought to be paid justly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The understand-
ing of the Committee on Appropriations is
that they have "appropriated so much money
for the current expenses of the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 1871. Now, I do not think myself
that that money ought to be diverted for the
payment of engines or other woik contracted
for during the war, because it is not specifically
appropriated to that end. And, more than
that, we have just appropriated $500,000 to
pay for that woik, or such work as was con-
tracted for during the war. ^ Therefore 1 hope
that a proposition restricting this particular
appropriation to the current expenses will be
acceptable to the chairman of the Committee
ou Naval Affairs. It certainly is to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 want to inquire if there
is in this appropriation bill, or in any appro-
priation bill, any money to enable the Secre-
tary of the Navy to pay for those contracts when
he has adjudicated and made awards?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, sir.
Mr. POMEROY. Nothing for that any-
where in this bill ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine". We have just
agreed to appropriate $500,000.
Mr. POMEROY. On the estimate of tl«
Secretary of the Navy?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes.
Mr. POMEROY. If that covers the whole
case, that is enough.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is what 1
suggested.
Mr. CRAGIN. I wish to say a word or two
further. This matter, as I understand it, was
practically settled before the present Secretary
of the Navy came into office. When he says
that he believes this settlement with the Cor-
liss Steam-Engine' Company is entirely in ac-
cordance with the report of this board, I think
he is mistaken; but that in whatever he has
done he has acted in good faith, and with the
strictest regard for the interests of the Gov-
ernment, I have not the slightest doubt what-
ever. If there is any fault anywhere in this
matter it is, in my judgment, with the Bureau
of Steam Engineering.
ThePRESID1NGOFFICER. Thequestion
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Alabama.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move to amend
it by saying ''no part of this appropriation,"
limiting the proviso to this $1,500,000.
Mr. SPENCER. I do not accept that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to explain.
My honorable friend can hardly suppose that
the Senate of the United States, after having
voted to pay certain elaims, would be willing
to commit the folly in the next breath of put-
ting in a proviso which should say that no part
of the money appropriated by this act should
go for the payment of those particular items
which it had already voted upon. That is his
proposition. 1 am perfectly willing to do what
I suppose the honorable Senator may have in
view, and that is that the money appropriated
for the current expenses of the Navy this year
shall not be diverted to pay old claims. My
amendment reaches that object.
Mr. SPENCER. I want to save to the Gov-
ernment $250,000. I want to prevent the pay-
ment of one dollar of that $250,000 until after
the report of the committee which is now inves-
tigating the matter shall have been made.
Mr. PATTERSON. With the permission
of the Senator from Alabama, I will state that
this matter is under consideration by the Com-
mittee on Retrenchment. There is a sub-
committee which has been investigating it for
a week or ten days. This very morning they
have completed the testimony on both sides;
but no conclusion has been reached. One
party says that the amount allowed to Mr.
Corliss is very much in excess of what was
due. On the other band, Mr. Corliss and his
Inends say he will have received when the
claim is paid no more than was his just due.
1 am not able to express any judgment in refer-
ence to it, because the matter has not been
determined. Testimony has merely been taken;
it has not been looked over, nor a conclusion
reached as yet, so that I cannot express any
judgment about it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, The ques-
tion is ou the amendment of the Senator from
Maine to the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Alabama.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFBTCER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Alabama, as amended.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on concurring in the amendment
agreed to in Committee of the Whole, adding
$750,000 to the $1,000,000 appropriated in
