1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4381
of facts to tlie House, and then let them decide
it. I will not take long ; 1 simply want to pre-
sent the case to the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is out
of order,
-Mr. PLATT. I understand that the gentle-
•uan withdraws the point of order.
Mr. SAWYER. No, sir ; I cannot with-
draw it.
Mr. PLATT. I ask unanimous consent to
present the case to the House.
Mr. RANDALL. I object; I object to any
further expenditures.
Mr. PLATT. Then I object to any more
amendments being offered.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannotdecide
whether amendments are or are not in order
until they are offered.
Mr. PLATT. Nothing has been given to
any State south of Mason and Dixon's line,
or south of the Potomac river, along the At-
lantic coast, while we are asked to vote for
appropriation afterappropriation for the north-
ern States.
The Clerk read the following :
Tor examination and surveys of the north and
northwestern lakes and rivers, and the Atlantic and
Pacific coasts, and for contingencies of rivers and
harbors not provided for in this aet, $150,000.
Mr. SAWYER. I move to amend hy sink-
ing out the word '* of5' after the word " sur-
veys/' and inserting in place thereof the v/ord.s
"for improvements on;" so it will read:
" For examination and surveys for improve-
ments on the north," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CALKIN. I move to amend hy insert-
ingbeforeiho pending paragraph " forimprovo
merit of New York harbor, ^200.000."
Mr. SAWYER. I raise the point of order
that that is not for the continuance or comple-
tion of any work already commenced.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and rules the amendment out
of order.
Mr. SAWYER. I move that the committee
now rise.
The questiou was taken ; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes eighty-three, noes not
counted.
So the motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Dickey*
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, pursuant to order of
the House, had had under consideration the
Union generally, and particularly House bill
No. 2092,'raaking appropriations for the repair,
preservation, aud completion of certain public
works on rivers and harbors, and lor other
purposes, for the fiscal year ending June SO,
1871, and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. SAWYER. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and the Committee of: the Whole
discharged from the further consideration oi
House bill No. 2002, making appropriations
for the repair, preservation, and completion
of certain public works on rivers and harbors,
and for other purposes, for the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 1S70; and that the same, with
the amendments made thereto in Committee
of the Whole, be now considered in the House.
Mr. SARGENT. Should that motion pre-
vail, can the previous question be moved, so
as to cut off all further amendments to the
bill?
The SPEAKER. That would be in the
power of the House.
Mr. SARGENT. It seems to me that is
rather sharp practice.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Sawyer, upon a division there were ayes
1)2, noes 87. ^
So (two thirds voting in the affirmative) the
rules were suspended, the Committee of the
Whole discharged from the further consider-
ation of the bill, and the same was brought
before the House.
Mr. DAWES. I now move that the rules be
suspended and the bill passed, with the amend-
ments agreed to in Committee of the Whole,
and the second section of the bill amended as
I send it to the Clerk's desk.
The second section, as proposed to be amend-
ed, was as follows:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That tho Secre-
tary of War is hereby directed to cause examina-
tions or surveys, or both, to be made at the following
points, namely: at the Housatonic river, below
3")erby, Connecticut; at Bridgeport harbor, Connec-
ticut; at Southport harbor, Connecticut; at Fif-
teen Miles falls, New Hampshire; at Pawcatuek
river, Rhode Island and Connecticut; Cochcco river,
at Dover, Hew Hampshire; at Eoyals river, Maine;
atNarrngangusriver,Maine; Sullivan river, Maine;
at Sullivan's falls, betwoeu the towns of Han-
cock and Sullivan; at South river, Now Jersey; at
mouth of Salem river, New Jersey; at James river,
Virginia, between liichmond andOity Point, includ-
ing Hnniaon's bar below the jjoint; Appomattox
river, Virginia, from Petersburg to its mouth; James
Kiver and. Kanawha canal, Virginia; at Rappahan-
nock river. below Fredericksburg, Virginia; at Roan-
oke river, North Carolina; atCoo>-a river, Alabama;
at Mobile harbor, Alabama; at St. Louis and Alton
harbors, Mississippi river, between Alton and mouth
of Men irujo river; at Osage river, Missouri; at "Wash-
ita, Little Missouri, and PetitJe.in rivers, Arkan-
sas; at Bayou Saint John, from the mouth of Bayou
Saint John, Louisiana, through Lake Pontchartrain
and the lligolet to Ship Island ; at Indianola harbor,
Texas; at Corpus Christi, Texas; at Buffalo bayou,
for a channel of navigation through Buffalo bavou
and Galveston bav, to Boiivai channel, near the
outer barin theGull of Mexico ; atSheboygan river,
Michigan; at Harbor ot Refuge, on Lake Huron,
between St. Clair river and Poiutau Barques, Mich-
pcan; at Port Clinton. Ohio; for survey or examina-
tion of the bars of the While and Black rivers, Arkan-
sas; at the month of Oconto river, Wisconsin ; attlio
mouth of the Ahnepeo river, Wisconsin; at Chestei
harbor, on tho J)e!n\va.re river, Pennsylvania; at
Alpeena haibor, Michigan; a I. the mouth of the Cape
Fearnver, North Carolina; forbhip-canal routeirom
llcnnepm, on tiie Illinois river, to Rock Island, on
tho Mississippi river, via Geneseo, by the most direct
and leasiblc route; at Peconie river, below River
Head, New York; at the en!r.uh:o lo Port Jefferson
harbor, on the ^outh .side of Long Island «onnd ; at
Rockv river, Ohio; in Salmon river, Lake Ontario,
New i'ork; at the mouth ot Two Rivers, Wisconsin;
at the mouth of T>iiuty river, Texas; at "Delaware
river, between tho eitvof Treuiou aud Bordentown ;
at Shrewsbury nvei. Now Jersey; at the mouth of
the babineliver, Texas; atPreneh liioadrivei,Ten-
nessee; at Pine river, Saginaw buy, Michigan ; at
Brazos San Jago. Texn-<; at the mouth of Muskingum
river, Ohio ; at Gloucester harbor.
Mr. DAWES. That adds nothing to the
appropriation.
Mr. COX. That is hardly the way to do
business. My colleague [Mr. Calkin] o Ah rod
nil amendment in Committee ol' the Whole.
The SPEAKER. That amendment was ruled
out of order.
Mr. DAWES. I will withdraw my motion
to suspend the rales, in order t.o hear some
amendments which the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Maa'i\'aiu>] and the gentleman from
California [Mr. Sauuk.vt] desire to suggest.
Mr. MAYNARD. i desire to move to add
to section two the following:
Tho Cumberland river, from its mouth to thohead
of navigation.
Mr. DAWES. That is merely for a survey.
Let me hear the other.
Mr. SARGENT. [ desire lo add to the
second section the following:
Vor survey or examination of tho liarof tho fvicra-
mcnto river, California, known as " Jlog Hack," lor
tho purpose ol removing tho same.
Mr. DAWES. I will include those in my
amendment. I understand the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Beck] has one of a like nature.
Mr. BECK. Mine is not of a like character.
Mr. JtOOTS. I suggest an amendment, to
insert after the word "bars,"' in line twenty-
eight of section two, the words "and other
obstructions to navigation;'' so that the clause
will read, "for survey or examination of the
bars and other obstructions to navigation of
the White and Black rivers, Arkansas."
Mr. CONNER. X also desire to suggest an
amendment. It is to insert after the word
"namely," in the third line of section two,
the words "at Cypress bayou, Texas;" so as
to include this among the points to be exam-
ined or surveyed.
Mr. DAWES. As these amendments make
no increase in the appropriations, but relate
entirely to surveys, I include them in my amend-
ment, and now move that the rules be suspended
in order to pass the bill with the amendments
I have indicated.
The motion to suspend the rules was agreed
to, (two thirds voting in favor thereof',) and-<-
the billwae.nassed.
Mr. ElNICEJjSTBURG, Mr. PROSSER. Mr.
CONGER, Mr. BUCK, Mr. PACKARD, Mr.
STEVENSON", and Mr. SHELDON of Louis-
iana, obtained leave to print in the Globe, as
part of the debates, remarks on the bill just
passed. [See Appendix.]
MKsSAOK i'llOM TUB SEN.Vl'U.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Simpson,
one of its clerks, informed the House that the
Senate further insisted upon its amendments,
disagreed to by the House, to House bill No.
78J, making appropriations for the payment of
invalid and other pensions of the United States
for the year ending June SO, 1871, and asked a
further committee of conference on tho dis-
agreeing vote of the two Houses thereon, and
had appointed Mr. Dhakk, Mr. Edmunds, and
Mr. McCkeery as the conferees ou the part
of the Senate.
CIJUA.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following message from the President of the
United States:
To the. Sena In and
Iloitie aj' Jieprexenlal ines :
in my annual message lo Congress at the
beginning of its present session 1 referred to
tho contest, which had then for more than a
year existed in the island of Cuba, between a
portion of its inhabitants and tho Government
of Spain, and lo the feelings and sympathies
of the people and Government of the United
States for the people of Cuba, as for all peo-
ples struggling for liberty and self-government,
and said that "the contest has at no time as-
sumed the conditions which amount to war, m
tho sense of international law, or which would
show the existence of a de J'aclo political organ-
ization of the insurgents suliicient, to justify a
recognition of belligerency."
During the six months which have passed
since the date of that message, the r.onditiou
of tho insurgents has not improved; and the
insurrection itself, although not subdued, ex-
hibits no signs of advance, but seems to be
confined lo an irregular system of hostilities
carried on by small and illy-armed bands of
men, roaming without concentration through
the woods and the sparsely-populated regions
of the island, attacking, from ambush, convoys
and small bands of troops, burning plantations
and the estates of those not sympathizing with
their cause.
But if the insurrection has not gained ground
it is equally true that Spain has not suppressed
it. Climate, disease, and tiio occasional bullet
have worked destruction among the soldiers
of Spain, and although the Spanish authorities
have possession of every sea-port and every town
on the island, they have not been able to sub-
due the hostile feeling which has driven a con-
siderable number of the native inhabitants of
the island to armed resistance against Spain,
and still leads them to endure the dangers and
the privations of a roaming lit'o of guerrilla war-
fare.
On either side the contest hasbeen conducted,
and is still carried on, with a lamentable disre-
gard of human life, and of the rules and prac-
tices which modern civilization has prescribed
in mitigation of the necessary horrors of war.
The torch of Spaniard and of Cuban is alike
busy in carrying devastation over fertileregions.
Murderous and revengeful decrees are issued
and executed by botii parties. Count Valma-
seda and Colonel Boet, on the part ol Spain,
have each startled humanity and aroused the
indignation of the civilized world by the execu-
tion, each, of a score ot prisoners at a time;
while General Quesada, the Cuban chief, coolly,
find with apparent unconsciousness of aught c.se
lhanaproperact, hassdinittedthesla-ugiiterj by
