1550
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
iaereaM the aatout abort th« expenditures
of the present mr.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I wish to state that
the Post Office Department is now expending
at the rate of $32,000 per annum for tempo-
rary clerks. I hold in my band a list of those
clerks. The Postmaster General is running
hi* Department with as much economy as pos-
sible. He is obliged to employ a large num-
ber of temporary clerks under the present
appropriation, because he cannot appoint first-
cIa&a clerks. 1 understand that Una amend-
raeut of the committee simply authorizes the
employment of first-class clerks instead of
temporary clerks.
Mr. BE AM AN. That U it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 't simply changes
the denomination of the clerks. Instead of
being called temporary clerks, they are to be
called first-class clerks.
Mr. CLE\ BLAND. I wish to inquire
whether these temporary clerks hare beeu
employed by the Department to send out all
over tie country blank petitions for the abo-
lition of the franking privilege, with accom-
panying instructions to postmasters that they
should procure signatures to those petitions
and send them back here?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. These temporary
clerks hare been employed for an entire year.
They are engaged in carrying on the business
of the Department. I think the Department
is carried on as economically as it can be.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Illinois
does not propose, I presume, that the present
■umber of temporary clerks shall be retained
after we have allowed the Department fifty
first-class clerks?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No, sir.
Mr. CLEVELAND. Mr. Chairman, was the
amendment adopted to strike out "twenty-
three,*' in line nine hundred and fifty-five, and
insert "fifty,' so as to authorize the employ-
ment of fifty clerks of class one ?
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment was
adopted.
Mr. CLEVELAND. Then, if the present
amendment be adopted, the increase in the
amount of the appropriation will be $12,000,
according to the statement of the gentleman
from Michigan himself.
. *^r' BEAMAN. Yes, sir; bat it is not an
increase npon the expenditures of the current
year.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I am not speaking of
the expense of the current vear. The amend-
ment proposes an increase of the present appro-
priation.
Mr. BEAMAN. It does.
Mr. CLEVELAND. Mr. Chairman, while
discussing the items for the Botanic Garden, a
few days ago, the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr Dawes] and the gentleman from
>ew York [Mr. Davis] both stated that the
discussion on the appropriations had becomes
disease ; the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Davis] characterized it as an annually-recur-
ring disease. Mr. Chairman, it is a disease, and
I trust it will continue to recur annually till the
cause is removed. _ W hen aphysician examines
his patient and discovers the disease and its
cause, he directs his efforts to theremoval of the
cause. Sir, the public body is afflicted with
many disorders, not the least of which is the
one these gentlemen declare is brought annually
to public notice in this discussion, namely,
extravagance in the public expenditures. The
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
has himself taught the people that the Repub-
lican party, and this Administration in partic-
uiar, is itself the cause of thfltdisease recurring
«t the present time; and I warn those who have
it in their power to stop it that the people are
preparing to remove the cause, and that unless
, aPPropriations are reduced and taxation
reduced the cause will be removed. It is a
disease that is eating out the very vitals of the
*v °.n- Uence I oppose the increase of appro-
priation now proposed. i
Mr. ARNELL. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the word "one," in line nine hun-
dred and filty-tive, (he words "one female
superintendent, at $1,400;" and by striking
out in the same line the word "fifty" anu
inserting " forty-nine." The clause will then
read " one female superintendent, at !?1,-100;
forty-nine female clerks, at $000 each."
Mr. BEAMAN. That has not been asked
i for by the Department.
Mr. ARNELL. My reason for offering this
amendment is that in a former part of the bill
a similar amendment was made where not quite
so large a number of clerks was authorized to
be employed. The amendment seems to me
to be proper and necessary.
Mr. DAWES. In the former part of the
bill, where it provided for a female superin-
tendent, it_ is where the female clerks were
altogether in a body, and where it was desired
by the head of the bureau that there should
be a female superintendent. These female
clerks are scattered around in separate rooms,
and there is not the same uecessity for having
a female superintendent.
The committee divided ; and there were—
ayes eleven, noes not couuted.
Mr. ARNELL. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. ROGERS. I move, in lino nine hun-
dred and forty-seven.tostrikeout " three" and
insert "four;" so as to provide three Assist-
ant Postmaster Generals, at $4,500 each.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I rise to a poi tit of order,
that the amendment is not in order, as it pro-
poses to change the law by which these salaries
are fixed.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
noint of order, as it is within the power of the
House to appropriate what money it pleases.
Mr. ROGERS.^ I offer this amendment for
the reason that it is evident to the mind of
every gentleman that the officers occupying
these positions cannot live in this city in any
decent way for a salary of $3,500. While I
have voted against any additional appropria-
tion for increasing the salaries of officers here
tofore, still I think this is a case loudly calling
for our action.
Mr. DAWES. I am opposed to the amend-
ment, and ask for a vote. '
Mr. BENJAMIN. What is the use of mak-
ing this appropriation when these men will not
get it? Whatever amount we may appropriate
the existing law fixes the salary of these officers
and they will not get a cent more than that law
calls for.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. ARNELL. I move in line nine hundred
and sixty-one to strikeout "eight" and insert
"nine;" so that it will read "twenty-five
clerks in dead-letter office, at $900 each."
These are female clerks, and I desire that they
shall receive the same salary heretofore voted
to these female clerks.
Mr. DAWES. I am opposed to that amend-
ment, and do not wish to give them more than
they ask for.
| The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. BOYD. I move the following amend-
ment: °
Provided, They ire equally distributed among all
the States and Territories aoeording to representa- 1
tion in the Congress of the United States.
Mr. DAWES. I make the point of order
that the proviso changes the law, and therefore
is not in order.
i The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the '
point of order. i
Mr. BOYD. Does the Chair sustain the !
point that my amendment is not in order? !
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair certainly
does, and he cannot help it. TLauehter-l
The Clerk reaid as follows:
For stationery, fuel for the General Post Office
building, including the Auditor'* Office, oil, gas,and
candles, repairs of the building, office furniture, glaz-
ing. painting, papering, whitewashing, and repairs
°r furniture, engineer, assistant engineer, black-
Ido'ooo emen' '^borers, and miscellaneous items, j j
Mr. BEAMAN. I move to strike that par-
agraph out, and insert in lieu thereof the fol-
lowing:
For stationery, $9,000; for fuel for tho Oerierni
Post Office building, including the Auditor's Olliee
 7,400; for gas, $4,000; torplumbiiiK and tlx t ui-c--'
$3,000; for telegraphing, #:!,000; lor painting, $ 1,100■'
for carpets, $3,000; for furniture, $•.'(,.11MJ; tor liv'eiy'
$750; for hardware, WOO; for ciiKinecr, $l,(kiO; r<>r
assistunt engineer, $1,000; for Hrimmn uml black-
smith, $'.100; for two liromen, fl.'200; lor mx l.ibnrer-:
$4,:120; for one watohmun, $720; for   .irpejjiir!
81.H.1J; for one assistant mossoiiirer. S7.'0; lor two'
female laborers, $'Jti0: and one female laborer, at
8-40; for two pages, $720; for contingent expensos.
Si ,600.
Mr. Chairman, the estimates for this appro-
priation were $75,000, and iho committee con-
cluded to report in the (irxt instance the sum
ol $50,000; but after a more thorough invest-
igation, and on consultation with the Post-
master General, it was thought best to itemize
these various subjects of appropriation, and
the committee finally fixed upon the amount
suggested in this substitute. The entire amount
of this substitute is $57,082.
Mr. BECK.. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. The amount is $7,000 more than the
committee proposed.
Mr. BEAMAN. But less than the estimates.
Mr. BEClv. This bill is less than the esti-
mates nearljrtwo million dollars, and the com-
mittee promised the House that we would en-
deavor to keep it somewhere about that. We
have not followed the estimates. I believe in
the mode the gentleman from Michigan [Mr.
Beamax] has pursued, of dealing with details
instead of the aggregate; but the increase in
this item is so very large that I should like to
hear some further reasons for the proposition
before I can support it. Then, it should be
observed, that as regards the appropriations
to the Postmaster General for the officers of
his Department, we have not decreased them
one dollar. We have appropriated for him as
much as last year, and, 1 believe, more. Yet
we have ubolished the franking privilege, so
far as the vote of this House i> concerned, and
he has told us that he would save $5,000,000
by this. And he tells us in his annual report
that by the use of stamped envelopes, and in
consequence of other changes which he enum-
erates, there is not the same amount of labor
in his Department. Yet we have given him
the same number of clerks that we gave him
last year, and even increased the number, just
as though the franking privilege was not to be
interfered with at all, and as if no improve-
ments had taken place in the management of
the Post Office Department. I wish the House
to understand that if we are going to hold the
Postmaster General to his responsibility for
the statements I have referred to we had bet-
ter begin by cutting down the force of the
Department, instead of not only keeping it
up, but swelling it.
Mr. BEAMAN. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the last word. Perhaps it may be well
for the committee to understand what have
been the appropriations and expenditures of
the Department under this item during the
last three or four years. In I860 the amount
appropriated was $35,000; the amount of
expenditure was $49,056 69. In 1867 the
appropriations were $45,000: the expenditures
were $63,236 89. In 1868 the appropriations
were $66,000, and the expenditures $80,821 17.
In 1869 the appropriations were $06,000: the
expenditures $82,604 66.
Mr. BECK. I would ask the gentleman a
question. Is there not an increase here over
the estimate in the pay of laborers? They have
been getting $600 all along, and the estimate
is only for $600, but it is proposed to give them
$ 720.
Mr. BEAMAN. I understand that in this
item as it now stands are included a number
of men whose names are on the pay-roll but
whose salaries have not been fixed by law.
They have been paid according to the discre-
tion of the Postmaster General. But when we
came to look into the matter we ascertained
