2494
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
credit of tbe mortgage, and of course it would
be some slight embarrassment iu the negotia-
tion of the mortgage bonds; because it will be
impairing the value of the land so far forth to
reduce the price if the market price of the
land was higher than §2 50.
Mr. HARLAN. Doubtless the Senator is
right. The more land you grant to the com-
pany the better their bonds will sell. But is
it contemplated that the whole of the cost of
this road is to be procured by borrowing money,
by selling bonds? Are the stockholders to
advance nothing whatever ? Are they to put
uito this enterprise 110 money of their own?
Are we to procure it all for them, and make
them merely the distributers of our bounty?
If that be true, it seems to me it is folly to
pass this or any other bill. If the company
now having it in hand have no personal credit,
have no personal or corporate means that they
can invest in such an enterprise, it would hardly
be worth our while to attempt to bolster them
up. Would it be wise to intrust so great an
enterprise to their management? When the
original bill was passed we were told by the
gentlemen then having this organization in
hand that they did not intend to sell a dollar
of bonds, that they did not intend to borrow a
dollar, as every member of the then Committee
on Public Lands now present, will bear witness;
that they intended to issue stock and require
it to be fully paid, and build the road with
money.
Mr. POMEUOY. We put it into the law
that they should not mortgage their road.
Mr. HARLAN. Is that in the existing law?
Mr. POME ROY. Yes, sir.
Mf. HAKLAN. U was inserted at their
request. They desired to have it in the bill.
They told us they intended to have an honest
company, and build one road with honest money;
that they would not attempt to kite a road
through, that they would put their own money
into the enterprise, that if we would give them
this encouragement they would build the road
and equip it and perform the Government ser-
vice on it, if we would give them the opportu-
nity afterward to obtain title to the land, as
contemplated by the existing law. They have
changed their mind, it seems, or sold out to
another company that do not intend, I infer
from the arguments which are used here, to
advance a dollar of money themselves. Before
they have built a mile of road, before they have
located a mile on the earth's surface, they ask
us to enlarge the grant, and to give them an
opportunity to mortgage all tiieir interest in
this enterprise: not oniy to mortgage the fran-
chise, but to mortgage the property ; and that
leads me to call the attention of the Senator
from Michigan, the chairman of this commit-
tee, to the peculiar phraseology of that clause
nf the joint resolution. It is proposed that the
Northern Pacific Railroad Company—
"Bo, and hereby is, authorized to issue its bonds
to aid in tho construction and equipment of its road,
and to secure tho same by mortgago on its property
and rights ot'property of ail kmus and descriptions,
real, personal, and mixed, including its franchise as
a corporation; and, as proof and notiec of its legal
execution and efieolual delivery, said mortgage shall
be tiled and recorded in tho office of the riecrotaiy of
the Interior, and when so filed, shall bo deemed to
be a good and sufficient, conveyance of all tho rights
and property of said company as therein expressed.''
Expressed in what? "As therein expressed."
1 suppose that means a3 expressed in the mort-
gage. Then, whatever rights of property they
may set forth in their mortgage are to be en-
cumbered by the sale of the bonds to be issued
under this resolution. Now, sir, for one I will
never vote to enable this or any other company
to encumber lands in advance of tho construc-
tion of the road. It' that is contemplated by
this measure, that feature of it is wrong. If it
is even ambiguous it ought to be corrected.
Mr. HOWARD. Do 1 understand the hon-
orable Senator as intimating that this company
can acquire any rights of property or any
rights of any kind whatever by making a mort-
gage and inserting in that mortgage that they
• have sucli and such rights of property ? Is that
1 the construction which the honorable Senator
i puts upon these words'?
! Mr. HARLAN. I call the attention of the
! Senator to tho phraseology of his own proposi-
I tion, and I leave it for him to interpret it.
j Mr. HOWARD. Bat I should like to hear
; the interpretation which the Senator himself
puts upon it.
Mr. HARLAN. Well, sir, if Congress au-
thorizes this company to encumber its prop-
erty, in my opinion the company can encumber
it. Whose property is this ? It either belongs
to the United States or to this company at every
period from this time forward, until it may
have been forfeited or otherwise disposed of.
It belongs to the one or the other of these two
parties, the company or tho United States;
and the United States authorize tho company
to encumber it. Whether it would or would
not hold tho land is a question for a lawyer
rather than for myself. But, Mr, President,
if this is not the intention, why does this cor-
poration desire the passage of such a measure ?
1 would ask the honorable Senator if he doubts
as a lawyer that they hare now authority to
mortgage thoir franchise and any other prop-
erty to which they havo a clear title.
Sir. HOWARD. I am quite willing to an-
swer that question. I have no doubt that the
company might mortgage not only its right of
way which it now has, but that it might sub-
ject to its mortgage any land which it may
hereafter acquire or have the right to acquire,
by inserting proper covenants in the mortgage.
But that is not the question, as the honorable
Senator knows very well. When these persons
apply for a loan they are asked what security
they have to insure the repayment of the loan.
The money-lender does not undertake to dis-
cuss questions of law when the borrower comes
to his counter and asks for money. He wauls
the mortgage upon which he lends his money
to contain perfectly clear expressions of what
is mortgaged, and what his rights are; not to
leave any such question to bo discussed and
decided upon by lawyers or courts of law.
Mr. STEWART. No possible injury can
result from this condition, because the mort-
gagee can get no more than the mortgagor has.
Tho mortgagor must build the road to get the
land. The railroad company can agree that
if they get the land it shall be subjected to the
mortgage, and then the money-lender has to
trust only to the railroad company's good faith
and energy in building the road. If the road
is not built the land remains public land. This
simply aids the credit of the company and car-
ries out the purposes of the legislation without
injury to anybody.
Mr. HARLAN. If I understand the speeches
of the two honorable Senators who have favored
me with their opinions at my request, this com-
pany can mortgage all the property it has to
secure tho payment of money that it may bor-
row. Then what is the purpose of this prop-
osition to authorize it to issue bonds with the
peculiar phraseology which I have read, that
the mortgage shall be deemed a complete con-
veyance of all the property therein set forth?
This company has now a prospective right to
title^o land. Iamnotsurebutthat theyhavea
sufficient interest in that land prospectively to
bring an action in the courts of the country to
stay waste and exercise a kind of ownership
over it. With the possession of this kind of
title you say they may mortgage it.
Now, how much that mortgage will cover 1
am not prepared to say; and what the purpose
of it is I am not prepared to say. If it be
clear, as both these Senators think, that the
company now have a right to mortgage all the
property they own, including any they may
acquire in the fulfillment of their obligations
to construct the road, pray what necessity is
there for this portion of the pending measure,
unless it is intended to give them some other
right, some other power than that they now
hold, as explained by the two Senators'? 1
suppose that that is the purpose, to enable
them at least to make the lender believe that
they are mortgaging the land. Well, if it is
the intention of this measure to enable this
company to defraud men out of their honest
money, that is a sufficient reason for the rejec-
tion oC the proposition. At all-events, it ought
to be made clear. There is no necessity of
enacting an ambiguous law that can have no'
other effect thau to defraud' men who are not
lawyers and may happen to own money that
they are willing to loan to a corporation.
But I arose more particularly to express my
objection to the next proposition contained in
the joint resolution ; that is, to grant to this
company additional breadth of territory in
which to select their lands. The honorable
Senator from Michigan, on a former occasion,
stated that it did not grant one additional acre
of land, with the exception of the new grant
for the Washington Territory branch. This is
technically true, but practically it is not so.
Why, sir, there is not one railroad gran); in ten
under which the grantee can secure one half
of the total lands embraced within the limits
of the territory mentioned in the law.
It was said here by the honorable Senator
from Nevada that some seven million acres of
land had been granted to the State of Iowa-to
aid in the construction of railroads. The ori-
ginal grant to which I suppose he referred
embraced the construction of four lines of rail-
road parallel to each other, stretching across
the State from the. Mississippi to the Missouri
rivers. On the line upon which I live the com-
pany did not receive in fact half a million acres
of land, although one half of the entire grant
would have been probably a million and a half.
On the line immediately north of us the State
perhaps received a few acres more.
Mr. STEWART. The Commissioner of the
General Land Office, having the map before
him, knowing what was private land at the
time, makes the estimate, after deducting the
private land, of what would inure by the grant.
He made a careful estimate; ho may be mis-
taken, but he has given the data, the figures.
Mr. HARLAN. Tbe Senator has doubtless
forgotten that I called his attention this morn-
ing to the fact that I introduced a resolution
in the Senate, which the Senate kindly adopted,
calliug on the Commissioner for a statement
of the actual number of acres granted; not of
the number of acres that would have been
granted had they not otherwise been disposed
of; but then I am very much obliged to the
honorable Senator from Nevada for knowing,
or even for supposing that he knows, .more
about Iowa than I do.
Mr. STEWART. I have notforgotten that
the Senator made that statement. 1 have not
forgotten that I corrected, him by showing that
the patents had issued for but a small portion
of the land. I have not forgotcnthat I stated
correctly the estimates of the Commissioner
of the General Land Office, who has the facts
before him and is tbe same source of inform-
ation which the Senator appealed to. He called
on the Commissioner, and I have the report
of the Commissioner here making the estimate.
We both appeal to the same source of knowl-
edge, and perhaps I may know just as much
about it as he does; if we have the same in-
formant.
Mr. HARLAN. I will agree, for the sake
of being permitted to proceed, that the Sen-
ator does know as much as I do and a thousand
times more; but, nevertheless, I will complete
my statement. In Iowa, on the first line I
named, we received less than half a million
of acres; on the line immediately north per-
haps a few thousand acres more; on the third
line, less than a million; on the fourth line,
being across the country least populated, the
whole quantity to which we were entitled under
the grant, perhaps about a million and a half.
I cannot state the number of acres accurately.
So that the seven millions which he says were
embraced within the limits of the grant and
