1870.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
537
41st Cong....2d Sees.
Independence of Cuba,—Mr. Willard.
Ho. of Reps
other nation or people is a matter of the
highest concern to national honor and national
tMstence, and is one of the most important
questions which can be decided by the Execu-
tive or by the liepresentatives of the people
of any Government. We ought not to bring to
its discussion the heated aud passionate dec-
lamations of debate; and we shall get very little
valuable help in setlliugitby inquiring whether
Spain has a liberal government, or whether it
is an effete and decaying despotism; whether
the insurrection in Cuba had good cause, and
is, therefore, entitled to our sympathies, or
whether both sides in the contest are partly in
the right or partly in the wrong. We are to
look simply at the actual state of affairs as they
now exist in the island of Cuba, and apply to
that state of facts the well-settled principles
and practice of the American people, and the
long established and everywhere recognized
principles of international law.
The struggle of the oppressed against the
oppressor is an enticing theme, and wo are
almost irresistibly drawn into its discussion
here and elsewhere, whenever an opportunity
offers to express our sympathy with struggling
peoples who are asking for free government and
resisting oppression in foreign lands. I know
that all along the records of our congressional
history the warmest expressions of sympathy,
the finestspecimens of oratory, and the noblest
flights of eloquence have found voice under the
inspiration of what we have for the moment
believed to be revolutionsinothercountriesfor
freedom and independence. We remember
the eloquence of Webster when appealing for
the liberties of Greece. We remember the
eloquence of Clay, often heard in the Hall of
the House of Representatives, asking some
expression of sympathy from this nation for the
Spanish American republics when they were
breaking away from the despotism of Spain.
We remember when speech has kindled mto
eloquence in our national assemblies in deplor-
ing the merciless cruelties inflicted upon the
people of the island of Crete. And we shall
read with the utmost pleasure, as we listened
with the utmost pleasure, to the glowing periods
that were uttered here yesterday by the chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign* Affairs.
These struggles for liberty always awaken our
sympathy aud kindle our enthusiasm.
" But it may sometimes be true, and I think it
is sometimes true, that distance lends enchant-
ment to these insurrections; that we not seldom
give our sympathies without a full understand-
ing of the issues at stake or of the nature of
the contest. Only the other day I saw a state-
ment in the newspapers that some oi the
" struggling patriots of Crete," for whom some
rears ago we expressed the liveliest concern,
were now the brigands in Greece who have
startled the civilized world with tlieiratrocious
assassination of English travelers; and the
present condition of government, in some at
least, of the South American republics hardly
realises the brilliant expectations oi those who
years ago welcomed them to the family of
nations.
Not unfrequeutly, also, we lose sight of some
of tie* characteristics of those resolutions in
the high-sounding terms of "liberty'' and
'• freedom,'- which are given to them by those
who choose to go before the world as the apos-
th'S of ilios-o glorious principles. It is within
• :n> memory of us all that the rebellion of the
, -i.j'.hen! Siaies of this Union, the rebellion
!'guin«t which we fought for four years, started
on its mad career of war and destruction in
the name of l'berty, equal rights, and the gov-
ernment of the people. It gained sympathy
abrovl under that fair pretense, and no doubt
in other hinds men welcomed that insurrection
prayed for its success because it stole as
it* watchword those glorious names. Those
who wear the liveiy ot heaven do not always
preach the true gospel, aud we must go deeper
than the surface to find the true characteristics
of revolutions as well as the true character of
men. And although this insurrection in Cuba
appeals to us in the name of liberty, aud its
advocates on this floor demand favorable action
at our hands in the name of freedom and hu-
manity, before we rush madly away frora the
dictates of sound judgment, before we break
wholly with the conclusions of facts, it will,
perhaps, be worth our while to look seriously
at the condition of affairs which calls upon us
for action. This question is one of hard, it
may be in some ot its phases of unpleasant
facts; but facts and not visions, the truth and
not the painted fantasms of excited imagina-
tions ought to control the judgment of the
House.
Mr. Speaker, the chairman of the commit-
tee stated yesterday at the outset of his re-
marks that this insurrection in Cuba bad its
origin in the fact that the insurgents, before
they rose in arms, asked that they might be
allowed to participate in the liberal reforms
inaugnratedin Spain ; that the revolution which
had driven Queen Isabella from the throne of
that kingdom might be extended in its benefi-
cent influences to that island. I regret to be
obliged to say that the facts do not warrant
this assertion.
Mr. BANKS. It is reported in the docu-
ments transmitted to us by the President.
Mr. WILLARD. I was just about to refer
to those very documents to show that the facts
do not sustain the assertion.
On page 182 of the documents which have
been transmitted to the House I find a letter
written to Air. Seward by Mr. La Reintrie, a
United States official at Havana, dated Octo-
ber 21, 18GS, in which he says :
" The authorities here inform us officialto' thatthe
revolt ot Matanza®. Tunas, Gibrara, and Zdrrahus
been put down, whilo the opposition claim to have
defeated the Government troops; but the tact that
more troops have been sent to the support of tbe
Government forces w ould suggest, that the insurgents
are still in arms."
That communication, as I have said, is dated
October 24, 1868. The conference to which
the gentleman referred yesterday, at which he
said Lersundi refused to allow tiie people in
Cuba to participate in the reforms which had
been inaugurated in Spain, was the same date,
October 21. That conference was not held
until the date of the letter from which I have
just read, which declared that the insurrection
had been in existence so long that Spanish
troops had been sent to suppress it, and there
had been reports that it had been put down.
A conference held after the commencement of
the insurrection could not have been the cause
of that revolution. The gentleman farther said
that the reason why these Cubans rose in revolt
was that they were refused participation in those
liberal reforms. Sir, they were told at that time
by Lcrsui.di that he would obey orders which
might come from the Madrid Government—
the Government, of General Serrano. When
tliev came to him and asked what his course
would bo in regard to extending to the Cubans
the benefits of the revolution in Spain, he said
he would obey orders fiom tbe home Govern-
ment, the Government of the revolution, the
Government which has since proved that it was
ready to extend the benefits of that revolution
to every peaceable colony of Spain. It thus
appears t!iat there was r.o foundation in fact
for the assertion that the people of Cuba re-
volted from Spain because they were refused
participation in the benefits of the revolution
then bringing in the sway of more liberal and
gencrons'ideas of government in that distant
kingdom.
I mention this not because it changes in any
essential degree the chancier of this insurrec-
tion—not topnne that this revolution may not
be in favor of eoual rights, may not be arising
for freedom, may not be justified as a revolu-
tion ; but I call attention to it to show that the
revolutionary Government at Madrid had no
opportunity to extend the benefits they sought
at home to the people of Cuba, because that
people rose in revolt almost at tbe same time,
if not at the same time, that the revolution
was inaugurated in Spain.
Mr. BANKS. The gentleman will certainly
allow me to eay that his statement does not
affect the statement which I made. The peo-
ple of Cuba did not enter into this revolution
until the Captain General of Cuba, acting for
Spain, had refused them the right to enjoy .any
amelioration of their political condition, saying
that "blood-letting" would be a wry proper
thing for men in the condition in which they
were.
Mr. WILLARD. I must beg the gentleman
not to interrupt me again.
Mr. BANKS. I will not.
Mr. WILLARD. I regret to be compelled
to show this seeming discourtesy, but my time
is limited, and unless I can be free from inter-
ruptions I shall be unable to embrace in my
remarks many things that I very much desire
to say.
The very expression which the gentleman
says Lersundi used is in the document to which
I have referred ; but those words were used at
the conference of October 24, 1868 ; nearly one
month after the revolution was inaugurated
in Cuba. The gentleman cannot show from
this document, nor from any other author;:y,
that these insurgents, prior to setting on foot
their revolt, made any proposition or pressed
any solicitation to he allowed to participate i-t
those reforms. There was no time for them
to do it. The rebellion in Cuba was contem-
poraneous with the revolution that drove Isa-
bella from her throne. The insurgents in Cuba
did not begin by petitions and remonstrances ;
they did not lay before the libera! Government
at Madrid their grievances and ask for re
dress; they did not wait to see whether th ■
liberals in tbe Peninsula would be represented
by liberals in the Antilles. Before they could
even have heard of the movement at Madrid
the insurrection commenced at Yarra, and
spread through several of the contiguous dis-
tricts. As a rebellion against the eld despot-
ism of Spain it had sufficient provocation ; as
a rebellion against the new constitutional Gov-
ernment at Madrid it had at the outset no
justification whatever.
And here, sir, let me not be misunderstood.
I do not say that this rebellion deserves none
of our sympathy. I do not say it is not an
insurrection in favor of liberty and of reform.
I do not say the Cubans have not been op-
pressed and ground down under the heel of
Spain for years, generations, and centuries. I
have no apology to offer for the tyranny, the
despotism, and the inhumanity which have
characterized the conduct of Spain from the
earliest times in history. 1 detend Spain, I
defend her character, [ defend her cr.utuct
nowhere in our times or in history. See de-
serves. and she should receive, the condemna-
tion of all civilized peoples ; of ail people who
love free government, of all people v.ho con-
demn treachery and cruelty in Church and St .if.
of all people who prefer liberty rogula'e f by
law to the blessings of a fie;note-in to.:.; eiel
only by assassination abroad and 1 v ivvidurw.
at home. 1 only aok, sir. for Span !.--re thai
consideration which I would a-k ler any G
eminent, and which is t ■ light ot' .oiy Gov-
ernment. that her case shed be made nowors^
than tbe f..cis warrant, and that the eas.- i/
Cuba shall be made no better than the tr nh
will justify. And with th? facts and positi- :.s
established by these o!ih ml papers clearly
dersteo 1 by tec Xlmise, I have no rctr e! :
conciudon which its sober juOgmen*"-.d re
The insurieetiou in Cuba commenced in
