l870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2495
which the State of Iowa would have received
ori these four lines of road diminish down to
less than one half the quantity; and so it is
on all these lines.
As I before remarked, not oneinten of these
laws conveys iu fact to the grantee the total
amount of land contemplated "by the billv If
(he line stretches' across an inhabited country
it never does, unless there is a large margin iu
which to select the deficiencies, which hereto-
fore has. never been equal to the breadth of
country mentioned in the statute which this bill
proposes to amend.
If this statement be true the measure now
pending does by this clause propose to enlarge
the grant equal to one half of all the available
land hereafter to be found within a strip of
twenty miles wide for a distance of nearly two
thousand miles in length.
Mr. SHERMAN. Will the Senator yield for
a motion to adjourn?
Mr. HARLAN. I am willing to yield.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. MORRILL of Maine. Before that is
done if the Senator will yield 
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I give notiee
that to-morrow I shall ask the indulgence of
the Senate to consider the legislative, execu-
tive, and judicial appropriation bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator will recollect
that the bill abolishing the franking privilege
is the special order next after the Northern
Pacific railroad bill, made so two or three
weeks ago ; and the country expects action
upon that bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I take notice
of that.
Mr. STEWART. There are several Sen-
ators absent, and the bill the Senator from Maine
proposes to call up is a very important bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I renew my motion to
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, April 1, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G-. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
annexation" of dominica.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent to introduce and have re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs
a joint resolution to annex the republic of
Dominica.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I object.
detention of steamship meteor,
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 235) refer-
ring to the Court of Claims the memorial of
Robert B. Forbes, John M. Forbes, W. H.
Aspinwall, A. A. Low, Leonard W. Jerome,
and others, for damages sustained by the wrong-
ful detention of the steamship Meteor, at New
York, in 18G5, for examination, and the allow-
ance of actual damages sustained by such own-
ers by reason of such seizure and detention;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
coupon book for distillers, etc.
Mr. BECK, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted ihe following preamble and resolution ;
which were read, considered, and adopted :
Whereas it appears by the response of Hon. Co-
lumbus Delano, Comniissioncrof Internal Revenue,
in answer to the resolution of this House of January
'SI 1870, and the statements of those who have ap-
ne'ared bctore the Committee on Appropriations, rel-
ative to the new form of book whirii i he Commissioner
had. prescribed that rectifiers, distiller?, and other
wholesale dealers in lie uorshould provide themselves
with, under the provisions of section forty-hve ot the
aetofc July 20,1863, that the prescribed form or some-
thing similar thereto would aid in detecting and pre-
venting the perpetration of frauds on the revenue:
Therefore,
Resolved, That the House of Representatives, con-
cur with the Commissioner of Internal Revenue in
the opinion that somo form of book, substantially
similar to that proposed by him, would promote the
interest of the public service; and the Commissioner
ii hereby authorized to take such action under said
law as he may think right and proper to carry into
effect his order, prescribing such form of book and
making such alterations and changes as he may deem
properto be made, and informing tile parties required
to use said book of their right to procure the same in
such size as may be adapted to the extent of their
business, and from any source they may fit.
Mr. BECK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the preamble and resolution were
adopted; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
marine hospital at mobil13, alabama.
Mr. MUNGEN. I ask unanimous consent
to offer resolutions, which I send to the Clerk's
desk. I ask that the resolutions and accompany-
ing letter be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
liesohed. That the Secretary of the Treasury be
requested immediately to cause an investigation to
bo mado into the condition and management of the
manno hospital at Mobile, Alabama: that in order
to a full understanding of tho matter he shall cause
the testimony of patients now in tho hospital and
others who have been there within tho past three
months to be taken to such extent as may be suffi-
eientto develop tho true condition of affairs at that
institution and the treatment of patients; and that
he report to this House.
Jlcsolved, That a copy of tho accompanying letter
be forwarded to the said Secretary :
Mobile, March 29,1870.
IToyocuile Sir' We respectfully wish to let you
know the way our sick sailors are treated in the
marino hospital m Mobile. They do.not get proper
medical treatment or proper food; in fact they get
no nourishment at all. The way wo understand tho
institution is carried on is as follows: tho doctor has
so much a d.;y for each patient lo furnish him with
food and medicine. He gives them old medicine,
that he gets lor a small price. It is good foruotliing,
only to kill our brave sea-laring men, the bone of tho
commereo of our great country. In like manner the
food is tho same—coarse, not lit lor a well man. lot
alone a poor human being prostrated on a bod of
sickness. And as for nourishments, they are un-
known. Such, honorable sir, is the United States
marine hospital. Wo understand that tho doctor is
getting noli by starving and robbing poor sick men
that pay a big revenue to the Government to care
for them when sick. Honorable sir, in tho name of
humanity, in the name of our sick brother mariners,
and, lastly, in the name of our loving (rod, we apply
to you to have tb e o.utrage on humanity and Christian-
ity remedied. We" eould for our short term of sick-
ness say tar more, but we think the above, as part,
will do.
Wohavo Uiohonor to be, your humble and obedient
servants,
J. T. BEACIIMAN and others.
Hon. W. JItogex.
Mr. STEVENS. Allow me to suggest to
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Moxoux] that
it would be proper to refer this whole subject
to the Committee on Naval Affairs, by whom a
preliminary investigation can be made.
Mr. MUNGEN. 1 will state the object I
have in offering the resolutions. I have no
personal knowledge of the facts; and 1 am
informed by the honorable gentleman repre-
senting in this House the Mobile district [Mr.
Buck] that the surgeon in charge of this hos-
pital is a good man, a man respected by all
who know iiim. I have no other information
as to the facts of the case except that contaiBed
in tho letter which has been read. ™
Mr. SCOFIELD. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to ask him a question ?
Mr. MUNGEN. Certainly.
Mr. SCOFIELD. 1 wish to inquire whether
the gentleman has applied to the Secretary ot
the Treasury lo have this matter investigated,
and whether that officer has declined to make
the investigation?
Mr. MUNGEN. 1 have not mado any such
application.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I submit that the passage
of a resolution instructing the Secretary to
make this investigation would be equivalent to
saying that he had, upon a presentation of the
case to him, declined to make such investiga-
tion. I think the adoption of the resolutions
would convey that reflection upon the Secretary
of the Treasury.
Mr. MUNGEN, In reply to the suggestion
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Scofield,] I wish to make a single remark. I
have no power or right to demand of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury that he shall make this
investigation. In bringing the matter before
the House I have no wish to asperse the char-
acter of the surgeon in charge of the hospital.
The resolutions propose simply that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury shall cause the investiga-
tion to be made. He can telegraph to parties
down there to make it. The urgency of the
matter arises from this fact; if it be true that
men are suffering and dying for want of proper
care a remedy ought to be applied as early as
possible; ana if the charge be untrue, the
character of the officer managing the institution
ought to be speedily vindicated.
At the suggestion of some friends, I withdraw
the second resolution with the letter annexed
to it, because it may not be proper to send to
the Secretary of the Treasury in that way a
copy of a private letter.
Mr. BUCK. The gentleman in charge of
the marine hospital at Mobile, who has occupied
tho position for a series of years, has performed
his duty to the entire satisfaction, so far as I
know, of the community, and especially of the
patients in the hospital. Within the last year
I have been through the hospital, and have
talked with the patients. They have all borne
testimony that everything is conducted prop-
erly ; and my own inspection of the hospital
confirmed their testimony. This is the first
time within my knowledge that any complaint
or intimation has been made that the institu-
tion has not been properly conducted by the
officer in charge. I know that he is as anxious
as the gentleman from Ohio for an investiga-
tion. I do not wish to oppose this resolution.
I am perfectly willing that the matter shall be
investigated, and I think it due to the gentle-
man in chaige that the investigation should be
made by the proper authorities.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I do not object to the
introduction of the resolution, if it be referred
to the Committee on Commerce. I do not
wish the resolution to be passed in its present
form. I move its reference to the Committee
on. Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was referred ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
galveston harbor.
Mr. CLARK, of Texas, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1712)
making an appropriation for the improvement
of Galveston harbor, Texas, and the entrance
thereto ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
ghants of land to texas.
Mr. CLARK, of Texas, by unanimous con-
sent, also submitted the following resolution ;
which was read, considered, and agreed to;
liesohed, That the Committee on Education and
Labor be instructed to mauire whether any further
legislation is necessary to entitle the State of Texas
to the benefit of land grants for colleges of agricul-
ture and mechanics.
order of business.
Mr. SCHBNCK. There are several appli-
cations for the introduction of bills for refer-
eDMr. KELSEY. I demand the regular order
of business
Mr. SCHENCK. I give notice I shall move
to so into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on the tariff bill at the expiration
of the morning hour.
prosecution of offenses.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness having been called, the morning hour will
