1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4383
of the seizure of American vessels upon the
high seas, executing American citizens with-
out proper trial, and confiscating or embargo-
ing the property of American citizens.
Solemn protests have been made against every
infraction of the rights either of individual citi-
zens of the United States or the rights of our
flag upon the high seas, and all proper steps
have been taken, and are being pressed, for
the proper reparation of every indignity com-
plained of.
Thequestion of belligerency, however, which
is to be decided upon definite principles and
according to ascertained facts, is entirely dif-
ferent from and unconnected with the other
questions of the manner in which the strife is
carried on on both sides, and the treatment of
our citizens entitled to our protection. These
questions concern our dignity and responsibil-
ity, and they have been made, as I have said,
the subjects of repeated communications with
Spain, and of protests and demands lor redress
on our part, it is hoped that these will not be
disregarded; but should they be, those ques-
tions will be made the subject of a further com-
munication to Congress. -jj g GRANT
Executive Mansion, June 13, 1870.
Mr. BANKS. I move that the message just
read be laid on the table and printed.
Mr. JUDD. Let it be printed, and referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. BANKS. I do not think a reference
to the committee is necessary. The commit-
tee has already considered the subject.
Mr. JUDD. It is hardly respectful to lay
it on the table.
Mr. BANKS. It seems to me not at all dis-
respectful, but entirely proper to lay the mes-
sage on the table. The committee has con-
sidered the subject and reported on it,_ and
to-morrow has been assigned for the consider-
ation of the report.
Mr. COX. I rise to a point of order, but I
will preface it by a statement. The chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Affairs [Mr.
Basks] has made a report on this subject
Mr. BANKS. I did not hear perfectly the
remark of the gentleman, but I understood him
to refer to me.
Mr. COX. I have risen to a point of order.
I hold that under the Constitution executive
communications are limited to giving inform-
ation from time to time of the state of the
Union, i regard this message as an attack
upon the report of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Basks,] and I would treat it as
some of the messages of Andrew Johnson were
treated; I would lay it on the table without
sending it to a committee. Ilence, I approve
the motion of the gentleman from Massachu-
SeMr. CESSNA. I rise to a point of order,
that the motion to lay on the table is not de-
batable, anrl the gentleman is debating it. _
Mr. BANKS. I did not make the motion
in the spirit indicated by the remarks of the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Cox.] j. think
it is entirely usual under circumstances ot this
kind to lay on the table a message of the 1 resi-
dent, and it implies no disrespect.
Mr DAWES. After the remarks of the gen-
tleman from New York I think it would hardly
be courteous for us to lay the message on the
table. „ ,
Mr. BANKS. I accept my colleague s sug-
gestion. I modify my motion, and move that
the message be referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, and be ordered to Ije printed.
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, is it m order to
move to lay the message on the table ? _
The SPEAKER. That motion would be m
order.
Mr. COX. I move, then, that the message
be laid or) the table, and printed.
The motion of Mr. Cox was not agreed to ;
there being—ayes 29, noes 110.
The question recurring on the motion of
Mr. Banks, as-modified, that the.message be
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs
and printed, it was agreed to.
Mr. ELDRIDGB. I move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask unani-
mous consent to offer a resolution.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I insist on my motion.
The motion was agreed to ; and (at five
o'clock and ten minutes p. m.) the House
adjourned.
PETITIONS.
The following petitions were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittees:
By the SPEAKER: The petition of John
Tyler, a citizen of the State of Virginia, pray-
ing for the removal of his political disabilities.
By Mr. AT WOOD : The petition of D, Bundy
and 83 others, citizens of Columbia county,
Wisconsin, asking (hat the duly on tea and
coffee be entirely abolished, and that the duty
upon sugar and molasses be greatly reduced.
By Mr. BOYD : The petition of G. W.
Thompson, of Webster county, Missouri, pray-
ing to be allowed to enter laud under the
homestead law.
By Mr. CAKE: A petition signed by 191
citizens of Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania,
protesting against aiiy advance in the present
rate of tax on smoking tobacco, class 16, as
prohibitory toward the manufacture and sale
of the great bulk of that kind of tobacco,
praying to Congress to relieve the great indus-
trial interest that they represent by the early
passage of a law establishing the uniform rate
of tax at sixteen cents per pound oil all manu-
factured tobacco and snuff.
By Mr. DEGENEll: The petition of T. T.
Creed, El Paso county, Texas, for lemovalof
political disabilities.
Also, a petition of citizens of Presidio county,
Texas, for protection against Indians.
By Mr. KEbLEY: A petition of the mem-
bers of the National Association of Dealers in
Foreign and Domestic Spirits, praying for a
modification of tho taxes on distilled spirits.
By Mr. SHOBER : Petitions of citizens of
Davie and Orange counties, in the State ot
North Carolina, praying for a reduction ol tax
on manufactured tobacco.
By Mr. SWANN : The petition of William
T. Walters & Co., Thomas J. Flack & Sons,
and 131 other firms, wine and liquor dealers,
in the city of Baltimore, against certain griev-
ances under the existing laws.
By Mr. TILLMAN: Petitions of N. W.
Carter, of Franklin county, Tennessee, and of
Thomas M. Jones, of Giles county, Tennessee,
for the removal of political disabilities.
By Mr. WINCHESTER: The petition of
C. Theodore Vrumperholz, asking indemnity
for the destruction of the steamer St. Mary's
by United States soldiers in 1801.
Also, a petition of 200 citizens of Louisville,
Kentucky, praying for the tax of distilled spirits
at the distillery on the basis of capacity.
NOTICE 01? A JIT lit,.
The following notice for leave to introduce
a bill was given under the rules :
By Mr. BOYD : A bill creating a post route
from Seneca, Missouri, to Boxter Spring,
Kansas.
IN SENATE.
Monday, June 13, 1870.
Prayer by Rev. J. A. McCaulet, D. D., of
Georgetown, District ot Columbia.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
LAWS OK COLORADO.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate the general laws, joint resolution', memo-
rials, and private acts passed at the eighth
session of the Legislative Assembly of the ler-
ritory of Colorado, convened at Denver on
the 3d of January, 1870; which were referred
to the Committee on Territories. ;
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS,'
The VICE PRESIDENT preseated a reso-
lution of the Legislature of Texas, asking an
appropriation to improve the bars at Galveston
pass, Cavallo pass, Arkansas pass, Sabine pass,
and Brazos Santiago; which was "referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SCOTT. I present twenty-nine several
petitions, signed by over seven hundred citizens
of Philadelphia who derive their support from
the various industries connected with the manu-
facture of books, representing that the present
ad valorem tariff on books is inadequate to
afford them a just measure of protection, and
praying that a specific duty of not less than
twenty-five cents per pound be levied on all
importations of foreign books that enter into
competition with American labor. I move the
reference of these petitions to the Committee
on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY presented the petition of
Charity Lodge No. Ill, ofFree Masons, ofHar-
per's Ferry, West Virginia, praying compen-
sation for tho seizure and occupation of their
lodge-room by United States troops; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. SUMNER. I present the petition of
several very respectable citizens of Boston,
representing that they are descendants of
American merchants whose property was seized
upon the ocean prior to the year 1800, in viola-
tion of the law of nations, in time of peace;
that their claims on this account constitute
what are known as the French claims, being
claims for spoliations on American commerce,
and that they were originally appropriated by
our Government in making the settlement with
France, and constituted a consideration of that
settlement. They now ask Congress to take
their case into consideration and pass a bill for
their relief. As there is a bill now on the Cal-
endar on this subject I move that the petition
lie on the tabic.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HcCREERY. I present the petitions
of John Ficklin and A.J. Sisk, of Kentucky,
praying to be relieved from their political dis-
abilities. 1 will remark that the latter gentle-
man is a candidate for sheriff in his county;
and in order that that class of persons may be
relieved from their embarrassment I respect-
fully request that the committee report at as
early a day as possible. These gentlemen might
become liable in certain contingencies to crim-
inal prosecutions. The gentlemen who have
petitioned for the reinoval of their disabilities
heretofore have had relief extended to them,
and these gentlemen rely upon that position
taken by the Senate. 1 hope, therefore, that
the Committee on Disabilities will report at
as early a day as possible, so that this class
of persons may not be at the hazard of erim-
inal prosecutions. 1 move the reference of
these petitions to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SPENCER presented the petition of
John D. Rather, of Alabama, praying the
removal of his political disabilities ; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented a memorial of members
of the bar of Stevenson, Alabama, remonstrat-
ing against any change in the judicial districts
in that State; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. _
lie also presented the petition of Ann _A.
Smoot, widow of Benjamin S. Smoot, praying
to be allowed a pension ; which was relerred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SHERMAN. I present the petition of
E. D. Morgan & Co., and a large number of
importers and jobbers in the city of New York,
and dealers in foreign merchandise, praying
