1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1551
that the law gives these laborers precisely the
sum which I have suggested in this substitute.
The committee will see from the statement I
have read, that for the last four years the ap-
propriations under this head, or at least the
expenditures—the fact being that where there
has been excess of expenditures it has been
made up by a deficiency bill—the expenditures
have very considerably exceeded the amount
which is asked for, aud which is recommended
at this time. I hope, therefore, that the com-
mittee will adopt the amendment.
Mr. FABNSWORTH. The gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Beck] assumed that when the
franking privilege is abolished it will diminish
the labor of the Post Office Department. The
time when the gentleman from Kentucky can
properly speak of the effects of the abolition
of the franking privilege will be when we aro
asked to appropriate money for carrying free
matter, or for the mail service of the Depart-
ment, uot when we are asked to pay the clerks
who are required to carry on the Department.
The gentleman complains that while the ex-
penses of other Departments are cut down
those of the Post Office Department are not.
I would remind the gentleman that the Post
Office is one of those Departments whose busi-
ness was curtailed by the war, while the other
Departments had their business enlarged by the
war. But the expenses of the Department mast
go on increasing, in consequence of the open-
ing of all the mail routes again in the southern
States, besides the natural growth of the post-
office system by the opening of new lines in the
Territories, and its natural growth in the old
States, which cannot be circumscribed until
the country, is filled, until you are ready to
build a wall around the United States and say
there shall be no further expansion. We are
from year to year making new mail routes.
We passed a post route bill the other day, and
sent it to the Senate. It was largely amended
there, and is now upon the Speaker's table. It
establishes a large nnmber of new mail routes
the United States and Territories. It is
in
paving the way for an increase of mail service.
That increase will require an increase of ex-
penditure. The increase in mail service, the
growth, spread, and expansion of the Depart-
ment, require an increase of expenditures in
the Department here. There is no increase
proposed in this bill of the expenditures of the
Department, but upon the whole, a little catting
down. The criticism of the gentleman from
Kentucky upon the Department is therefore
out of place on this bill, because the bill abol-
ishing the franking privilege is not yet a law;
it has not yet passed the Senate. I understand
that the amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations offered by the gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Beaman] is proposed with the
understanding that it will be satisfactory to the
Department, although it is $10,000 less than
the Department estimated for. These expend-
itures are not for the benefit of the Postmaster
General. They are those contingent expendi-
tures which are necessary to keep up the build-
ing here and take eare of it and ran the ma-
chinery. They are for oil, lights, improvements
and repairs of the building, and for various
things which must be done. The appropriation
is not as large as the appropriation that we
made last year for these purposes.
Mr. BECK. I only desire to say that I am
not seeking to cut down this appropriation be-
cause of any prospect of the abolition of the
franking privilege. But we have appropriated
$50,000 for contingent expenses, embracing all
these miscellaneous items, and the Postmaster
General has himself shown that the work at the
dead-letter office has diminished by reason of
improved arrangements. This being so, if you
intend to cut down the items in this bill you
ought to stand by the report of the committee,
or at least by what the Department asked.
Their first estimate was for $600 each for labor-
ers who, I understand, are only employed occa-
sionally. They subsequently said that was a
mistake and increased the demand to $720 for
each. It is that increase, among other things,
that I object to. I think $60,000 are sufficient
for all these contingent expenses. It is a more
liberal allowance for these purposes than any
other Department has received.
Mr. BEAMAN. The amendment I have
offered reduces the appropriations some eight
thousand dollars below what they were for the
current year. I withdraw the amendment to
the amendment.
The question was then taken on Mr. Bea-
man's amendment; and it was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For constructing additional vaults for coal, 82,500.
Mr. BEAMAN. I am instructed by the
Committee on Appropriations to move to
strike out that clause.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk then read as follows :
War Department:
For compensation of the Secretary of War, $8,000;
chief clerk, four clerks of class four; for additional
to one clerk of class four, as disbursingolerk, $200;
for seven clerks of class three; three olerks of class
two; eight clerks of class one; one messenger; three
assistant messengers; one laborer, $46,260. For con-
tingent expenses, $5,000.
Mr. KELSEY. I have several amendments
to offer, by the direction of the Committee on
Appropriations, for these appropriations for
the War Department and its different bureaus.
The first in the series' that I offer is in line nine
hundred and seventy-five, to strike oat the word
u four" and insert" fiveso that it will read,
•'five clerks of class four."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KELSEY. In line nine hundred and
ninety-seven I move to strike out the word
" seven" and insert "six;" so that it will read,
" six clerks of class three."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KELSEY. In line nine hundred and
eighty I move to strike out the word "two"
and insert "four," so as to make the appro-
priation $46,460. That amendment is rendered
necessary by the change made in the clerks by
the amendments just adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KELSEY. I now move, in line nino
hundred and eighty-one to strike ont " five"
and insert "ten;" so that it will read, "for
contingent expenses, $10,000." I offer this
amendment at thepersonal request of the Sec-
retary of War. He came to our committee-
room at a time when the committee was not in
session, but when several members of the com-
mittee were present, and explained the reasons
why he could not get along in his Department
and in his own particular office without a
larger sum for contingencies than is provided
for in the bill. There were several members
of the Committee on Appropriations present
at the time, although it was after the regular
morning meeting of the committee. After
bearing the explanation of the Secretary of
War all the members present were satisfied
that this change should be made ; that he could
not get along during the coming fiscal year
without a larger sum for contingencies than the
committee originally recommended in this bill.
Mr. ARNELL. Will the gentleman allow
a question ?
Mr. KELSEY. Certainly.
Mr. ARNELL. What is meant by " con-
tingencies ?"
Mr. KELSEY. That is one of the most
difficult questions to answer that have been pro-
pounded on this floor. " Contingencies" some-
times mean one thing and sometimes another.
In this instance it means that class of services
that is not enumerated in the bill. There are
so many things that arise in the course of the
year requiring the use of money which must be
expended under the direction and at the dis-
cretion of the Secretary that it is impossible to
enumerate them in an appropriation bill. Now,
the Secretary says it will be impossible for him
to get along with the $5,000 recommended in
this bill. At his request, and with the assent
of a majorityof the members of the Committee
on Appropriations—I believe certainly with the
assent of a number of them—I have submitted
this amendment.
Mr. DAWES. As this transpired when I
was not in the committee-room, I would call
the attention of my colleague on the Committee
on Appropriations [Mr. Kelsey] to the fact
that blank-books, stationery, extra clerk hire,
labor, books and maps, are all embraced in the
estimate of the Department for$10,000. Now.
under the law, the blank-books are furnished
by the Government Printing Office, and labor is
provided for to some extent in another item of
appropriation. I will not oppose the amend-
ment the gentleman has offered, but will say
that I was not present in the committee-room
at the time the Secretary was there.
Mr. KELSEY. I said the committee were
not in session at the time the Secretary was last
in the committee-room, but that several mem-
bers of the committee were there and heard the
statement of the Secretary, and assented to it.
Mr. DAWES. I have no doubt the gentle-
man has stated the matter correctly; but I do
not like the idea of quartering extra clerk hire
upon the appropriation for contingencies.
Mr. KELSEY. One point made by the Sec-
retary was that he was so often called upon by
the one or the other House of Congress for
information that he could not get along with
only the force allowed him by this bill.
Mr. DAWES. My colleague will remember
that it has been the policy of the Committee on
Appropriations not to quarter upon the appro-
priation for contingencies this extra clerk hire,
but if there was any necessity for it to give it
an appropriation by itself.
Mr. KELSEY. I am as much opposed to
that policy as the distinguished gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] can be, and I would
not assent to this were I not fully persnaded
that it was necessary for the service of the De-
partment. I hope, therefore, that the amend-
ment will be adopted.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Kelsey ; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes thirty, noes uot counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill,
and read as follows :
Office of Adjutant General:
For three clerks of class four, nine clerks of class
three, twenty-seven clerks of class two, twenty-six
clerks of class one, and two messengers, $90,480. For
contingent expenses, $7,500.
Mr. KELSEY. I have an amendment which
I propose to move to this paragraph, based upon
precisely the same ground with the last amend-
ment I offered. 1 offer it at the request of the
Secretary of War, and,Ibelieve, with the assent
of a majority of the members of the Committee
on Appropriations. I submit it to the Com-
mittee of the Whole for their action. I move
to amend by making the appropriation for con-
tingent expenses $15,000 instead of $7,500.
Mr. ARNELL. Will the gentleman give
some reason for that amendment?
Mr. KELSEY. I have already stated that
this amendment rests upon precisely the same
ground with the amendment which the Com-
mittee of the Whole has just voted down. I
feel bound, situated as I am in regard to_ this
matter, to submit the amendment to the judg-
ment of the Committee of the Whole.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment; and it was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Office of Paymaster General:
For chief clerk, four clerks of class four, one
clerk of class three, twenty clerks of class two,
twenty clerks of class one, and two messengers,
$64,280. For contingent expensos, $5,000.
Mr. KELSEY. For the same reason that
I have moved the last two amendments I move
to amend this paragraph so as to make the
amount to be appropriated for contingent
expenses $10,000 instead of $5,000.
The amendment was not agreed to.
