2496
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
how commence, at twenty-two minutes past
twelve, the business being the calling of com-
mittees for reports. The call rests with the
Committee on Revision of the Laws of the
United States.
Mr. POLAND, from the Committee on Revis-
ion of the Laws of the United States, reported
back House bill No. 719, to extend the time
in which certain offenses may be prosecuted,
with a substitute.
The substitute was read as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Gonffrese assem-
bled, That no person ahull bo prosecuted, tried, or
punished for forgery, porjury, subornation of per-
jury, or other offense hereafter committed in the
application for, or prosecution of, any claim for any
pension, or bounty money, or lands, unless a prose-
cution for such offense shall bo duly instituted within
four years next after such offense shall bo com-
mitted.
Sec. 2. .4 nd be it further enacted. That prosecutions
for any of the offenses named in tho preceding sec-
tion shall not be barred or affected by any prior
statute of limitations; nor shall this aot have any
effect upon tho prosecution of any offenso committed
prior to its passago.
The substitute was adopted.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read tho third
time, and passed.
Mr. POLAND moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WITNESSES IN EXTRADITION CASES.
Mr. POLAND, from the_ same committee,
also reported back House bill No. 1269, relat-
ing to witnesses for respondents in extradition
cases, with an amendment.
The bill, which was read, provides that when-
ever any person shall be apprehended and
brought before any judge or commissioner
upon a charge of crime committed within the
jurisdiction of a foreign Government, and such
person shall prove by affidavit or otherwise to
the satisfaction of such judge or commissioner
that the testimony of any witnesses within the
jurisdiction of such judge or commissioner is
material to his defense before such judge or
commissioner, and that he is actually unable
to pay the fees of such witnesses, sueh judge
or commissioner shall issue a subpena for such
witnesses, and make an order that the agent or
attorney representing such foreign Government
before him to advance the fees of sueh wit-
nesses and oftheofficerforservingthesubpena;
and upon the neglect or refusal of such agent
or attorney to comply with such order such
person shall be discharged from custody.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Strike out these words:
Such judge or commissioner shall issue a subpena
for such witnesses, and make an order that thoaeent
or attorney representing such foreign Government
before him to advance tho Ices of such witnesses and
of the officer for serving the subpena,; and upon the
neelect or refusal of such agent or attorney t,o com-
ply with such order such person shall bo discharged
from custody.
And in lieu thereof insert:
And such judge or commissioner shall duly certify
to the marshal of tho district tho names and resi-
dence of such witnesses, and the regular fees due to
each for travel and attendance, and also the name
oi tho officer summoning said witnesses, and his reg-
ular fees therefor. Said sums shall be allowed to
tho marshal in tho settlement of his accounts at the
Treasury; and the marshal shall thenpaytheamount
to tho persons entitled thereto.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. POLAND moved to reconsiderthe vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
APPOINTMENT Oi' TREASURY AGENTS.
Mr. POLAND also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back House bill No. 902, limit-
ing the appointment of certain officers in the
Treasury Department, with a substitute.
The substitute was read, as follows ;
That the Secretary of tho Treasury shall bo, and
ia hereby, authorized to appoint special agents, not
exceeding fifty-throo in numborat any one time, for
the purposo ol making the examinations of the books,
papers, and accounts of collectors and other officers
of tho customs required to bo made pursuant to tho
provisions of the twenty-first sootion of an act to
regulate the collection of duties on imports and ton-
nage, approved March 2, 1799, and to be employed
generally, under the direction of said Seorotary, in
tho prevention and detection of frauds on tho cus-
toms rovenuo; and tho expense tliorcof shall be
charged to tho "appropriation to defray theexponse
of collocting the revenuo from customs."
Sec. 2. Ami be itfmtker cmiclcd, That said special
agents shall bo divided into three classes : tho first
class shall consist of nineteen ngonts, two of whom
shall each recoivo in addition to the cxponscsncccs-
sarily and actually incurred by him a compensation
of ten dollars per day, and iourteon of whom shall
each recoiiTo in addition to expenses necessarily and
aotually incurred by him a compensation of eight,
dollars per day; tho soeond chissshall consist of six-
teen agonts, each of whom shall receive, in addition
to expenses necessarily and aotually incurred by him,
a compensation of six dollars per day; tho third
class shall consist of eighteen agents, each of whom
shall roceivo, in addition to expenses necessarily and
actually incurred by him, a compensation of live dol-
lars per day; and the Secretary of the Treasury is
hereby authorized to in alio sueh rules and regula-
tionst not inconsistent with law, for the government
of said spocial agents as ho may deem expedient and
necessary.
Sue. 3. And be it farther enacted, That no special
agont, in addition to the numbor authorized by this
act, shall bo hereafter appointed or employed upon
any business relating lo tho customs rovenuo.
Mr. POLAND. There is a letter from the
Secretary of the Treasury on this subject.
Mr. PAINE. I should like to hear that let-
ter read, for the substitute does not exactly
agree with the original bill, which provided that
no officer should be appointed to these duties
who was not already an officer of the United
Slates.
The letter from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury was read, and is as follows;
Treasury Department,
J^ebraary 12,1870.
Sir : I herewith communicate, as far as seems to
me compatible with tho public intorcst, tho inform-
ation required by tho tollowing resolution of tho
House of Representatives, adopted on tho 2d of
February instant, namely:
In thk House op Hkprhsentatives,
February 2,1870.
Ou motion of Mr. Fkheiss,
JUsolved, That tho Secretary of tho Treasury bo
requested to furnish tho House of Representatives
with tho names of all special agents and assistant
epeciai agents of tho Treasury .Department on tho
rolls of tho Department on the 4th day of March,
18(59, tlm compensation, milougo, and expenses paid
to each sincc that date; also, the names ot sueh agents
or assistant agents appointed since March 4, 1800,
amount of compensation lor salary, mileage, or ex-
penses paid to each, including office rent or any other
expenses incurred by tho Department tor tho use of
such officers, when incurred, tho place where such
officer is now stationed, and the several appropria-
tions from which such officers' compensation, mileago,
or other expenses on their account were and are
soverally paid.
Attest: 35. McPHJEIlSOtf, Clerh.
On tho 4th of March last thcro wcro sixty-lour
special agents in tho service of the Treasury De-
partment, and fifteen special inspectors, or seventy-
nine persons in all, whoso business related to the
customs revenue.
The daily compensation in tho aggregate of the
special agents was $L>71 10, and of the special in-
spectors $76 CO, or $147 00 m all. As near as can be
ascertained the daily expense*, exclusive of tho per
diem, amounted to between £150 and $100, or an
aggaggate expense of rather more than $600 per day.
Od t'ho 1st of February instant there wcro fifty-
one special agents, at a daily cost of $335, and three
special inspectors, at a cost of $15 30 per day, or
$o<30 30 iu all. Adding to this sum the mileage and
other expenses of the agents, amounting' to about
$150 daily, we have a total daily expense of rather
raorethan$500. The totalpa-ymcntsonthataccount,
from the 4th day of March, 1809, to the 1st day of Feb-
ruary, 1870, have been $171,976 47.
One of these agents has been paid from tho appro-
priation for tho coJicction of claims, two from the
steamboat fund, and the remainder from the appro-
priation for collecting the revenue from customs.
The largest compensation is $5,000 per annum paid
to one agent, the least is $4 per day paid to one
agent, three agents rcceivo $10 each, two receive $9
each, eight receive $8 each, seven receive $7 each
per day, and tho remainder receive each $5 and £6 per
day.
On the 4th of March, 1809, the average pay per
diem was $5 79, and on the ist of February it was
$6 59, my object having been, as stated in my annual
report, to reduce the number of men, and by increas-
ing tho compensation to secure the sorviccs of more
competent persons. Tho amount of expenses incurred
and claimed to bo duo for offico rent, furniture, &c.,
lromthe 4th of March, 1869, to_lst of February, 1870,
was $4,390 51; of this amount $3,112 61 was incurred
at tho port of New York, and $1,277 93 at the port of
Philadelphia. I omitinthisroportto give the names
of the special agents, also the places where they are
employed. Some of tho persons employed are not
known" to tho public generally as revenue agents,
and I bclievo that the scrvico will bo injured by dis-
closing their names; if, however, the House shall
desire, tho facts will at onee be given.
The consideration of this resolution furnishes me
an opportunity to state to the House more fully than
X thought proper to do in my annual report the viows
I entertain in reference to this branch of tho public
scrvico.
Spceial agents of tho Treasury Department have
boon employed and recognized by law almost from
the organization of tho Government. The exten-
sion of tho territory of the United States, the increase
of its commerce, and the high rate of duties furnish-
ing a temptation to smugglers, have rendered the
services oi special agents or inspectors of customs in-
dispcnsablo to thecolleotionof thcrevenucs. There
can bo no doubt, I think, that in the aggregate tho
result of theirservices is a saving, directly andindi-
roctJy, to tho Treasury of many millions of dollar*
annually.
As stated in my annual report, I have made an
effort to organizoand localize these officers by divid-
ing tho country into sixtoen districts, and assigned
to eaoh a superintendent, and in most cases one or
moro assistants. There are also in the servico of tho
Department some agents who are not assigned to par-
ticular districts. It is, however, obvious that tho
system as it exists at present is open to abuse, and is
1 ikely to occasion serious complaint. I tako the lib-
erty of suggesting in this connection that a law be
passed limiting tiio number of special agonts to be
appointed, dividing them into three grades, specify-
ing tho number to be appointed in each grade, and
giving to each office a fixed compensation, computed
by tho day or by tho year.
Under the independent Treasury laws the Secretary
of tho Treasury is authorized to appoint, and occa-
sionally does appoint, special agents to examine tho
books and accounts of tho AssistantTreasurersof tho
United State?.
Thoro is also an agent of tho Treasury Department
whoso duty it is to superintend tho manufacture of
bank-note paper, and to keep the accounts of the
receipts of paper from tho manufacturers, and the
delivery of thosamo to tho bank-note companies and
tho printing bureau of thisDopartmcnt, whose salary
is paid from tho loan fund.
I am, with great respcct,
UKOKGIS S. BOUTWELL,
Sccrctary of the Tieanury.
lion. Jamks G. Blaixk, Speaker of the Ilouee of Ucp-
rcHentativcs, Washington, D. ('.
Mr. PAINE. I should like the chairman
of the committee to explain to the House how
this bill would change the law on the subject.
Mr. POLAND. I yield to the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Ferriss] to give that
explanation.
Air. FKRRtSS. Mr. Speaker, I think I can
answer the (juestion of the gentleman from
Wisconsin. The original bill was introduced
by myself. Before introducing the bill my at-
tention had been called to the subject of the
appointment of special agents by the allegation
that they were appointed without authority of
law. I entered upon an investigation of that
question, and had some difficulty in ascertain-
ing what I now believe to be the facts in regard
to it. All the officers of the Department were
very reticent when inquiry was made of them
as to the appointment of these special agents,
and by what, authority tliey were appointed :
but after a good deal of difficulty I learned the
facts, which I will now state. In the law of
1790, which organizes the customs department
and provides for the appointment of collectors,
naval officers, and surveyors, there is a clause
which requires that the books, papers, and
accounts of these officers shall be at all times
open to the inspection of some person appointed
for that purpose. It is under that clause, and
the implied authority there given, that all of
these officers now known as special agents of
the Treasury Department are appointed. I
learn that for mauy years the practice was to
appoint, just what the law contemplated, some
officer, clerk, or other employ6 of the custom-
house to examine the books and papers, and
report to the Treasury Department. Such was
the custom down to the time of the adminis-
tration of the Treasury Department by the late
Robert J. Walker. Under Mr. Walker a dif-
ferent system was adopted. Somebody thought
that here were nice snug little berths for some
