3440
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
phuric acid can be made cheaper on that cAast
than anywhere else. Why do not your mints
adopt it 1 Gentlemen say it is offensive to the
smell. Sir, the mint in California is being
established with special reference to that; and
if anybody hereafter wants to smell sulphuric
acid he must move up to the mint, the mint
will not move to him. It cannot be smelled at
Carson. It is not smelled in New York, and
it is used right there in the assay office by that
greatest of all thoroughfaj'es of the world,
Wall street. There the discovery was made,
and it was made by a Government officer, too,
he using this sulphuric acid. It is no great
discovery, either; but it is claimed that nobody
can use sulphuric acid with success unless it is
used outside of a mint. Nonsense! Idle, worse
than idle! If sulphuric acid is good outside it
is good inside; and I guess we can find skilled
people enough to work it.
5lr. President, I have said, perhaps, more
than I ought to say on this subject. I have no
war to nnike on anything that cheapens the
transformation of this bullion into coin. I
should be ungrateful to the people that I rep-
resent if I did so. Show me how it is to be
done, and I will do it. I assert that the way
to cheapen it is to knock off your charge for
coinage. When you have done that, you have
given them all the relief that the present cir-
cumstances require.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I am
desirous not to occupy time on this proposi-
tion, but it is a matter of a great deal of im-
portance. I concur with my colleague fully
us to the propriety and necessity of abolishing
all coinage charges. I do not concur with him,
however, in his opposition to the proposition
of the Senator from Oregon; aud I wish to
say a few words with regard to that.
Refiniug is manufacturing; it is not coining;
it has no relation to coining, and refining is not
done in any mint established in the world
except in the United States. It was not done
in the United States for the first thifty years.
The coining, after the establishment of the
iliut, was confined to foreign coin ; we had no
refinery. After the lapse of thirty years it was
ascertained that some gold was produced in
the United States, but not enough to induce
private refineries to manufacture it. Congress
then passed a law in 1830 to provide for refin-
ing temporarily in the Mint, so that wa could
coin this small production. This refining in
the Mint has been subject to a great deal of
loss; it is the place where the loss in the Mint
occurs; it is a manufacture ; it is of the same
nature as if the Government went out and
sunk shafts. If you take the bullion in a crude
state and manufacture it, why not take it in the
amalgam state? If you take it in the state of
amalgam, why not take it in the state of ore?
And if you take it in the state of ore, why not
go to the ground and dig it out? The point is,
where shall minting begin and manufacturing
leave off? It begins with the article prepared
for minting, in all the world.
This was a temporary expedient which was
adopted in the early days, about 1830, because
there was no private refinery. In 1353 Con-
gress passed an act—
" That when private establishments shall be made
to refine gold bullion, the Secretary ef the Treasury,
if he shall deem them capable of executing such
-Work, is hereby authorized and required to limit the
amount thereof, which shall be refined ia the Mint
at Philadelphia, from quarter to quarter, and to re-
duce the same progressively a« guoh establishments
shall be extended or multiplied, so as eventually,
and aa soon as may be, to exclude refining from the
Mint, and to require that every deposit of gold bul-
lion made therein for coinage shall be adapted to
*aid purpose without need of refining: Provided,
That no advances in coin shall be made upon bul-
lion after this regulation shall be carried into effect
except upon bullion refined as herein prescribed."
This was made applicable to the branch mint
in San Francisco in 1801. The charge then
was fifteen cents an ounce for refining at the
mint. That was the allowance, which came
out of the depositors, of course. After a pri-
vate refinery was established at San Francisco
it started to do the 'work at ten cents an ounce.
The mint then reduced its charge to eleven
cents. Then the refinery went down to eight
cents an ounce; so that nearly half the expense
j of reining has been taken off at the mint in
' consequence of the establishment of a private
refinery. Now the private refinery is probably
prepared to go down to four or five cents. It
can go far under tho Government and save a
large amount.
Now, what is the proposition made? It is
that your refining stay in the Mint as hereto-
fore. As you have got refining apparatus there
yon are to keep it; but when you have crude
bullion on hand, and the private refiners have
manufactured and fitted it for coinage, and
bring it there, you make the exchange, pro-
vided it be for the advantage of the Govern-
ment. There is no bullion given Out, as Mr.
Cochran, the letter writer my colleague read
from the other day, said. lie, in his letter,
spoke about the U nited States giving out bul-
! lion. The United States do not propose to
give out bullion; but if it comes there pre-
pared the exchange may be mado whenever
! in the opinion of the Secretary of the Treasury
the Government can make money, can save
expense by it. That is the only time when the
exchange can be allowed to be made. It will
reduce the price of refining. The Mint charge
in that respect has got to fall. It will reduce
the price of refining much lower than it now
is. It must come down necessarily if you allow
private refineries to be established.
Now, look at the importance of reducing
the price at the Mint. What effect has it?
It increases the coin value of your bullion; and
the same may be said of taking off the one half
per cent, coinage charge; and thi3 argument
is good in favor of the proposition of my col-
league to take off the Mint charge. With your
present Mint charges and your tax for refining
the export value of your bullion is greater than
its minting value. We have a set of men who
buy bullion for tho purpose of shipping it to
Great Britain. That is their business. They
will pay a little more than the Mint charges
now, and can afford to pay a good deal more.
The charges and expenses run up very nearly
to two per cent., and they can afford to pay one
and a half per cent, nearly, certainly one per
cent., more than they can afford to pay at the
Mint and ship it to England. Why? Because
when they go to England there is no refining
done in the mint and there is no mint charge.
The consequence is that the miner is compelled
to pay all these charges. He is compelled to
pay the Mint charge and the refining charge.
All this accumulation of charges falls upon the
miner, and the tendency is to enable the ex-
porter to take your bullion abroad before it is
manufactured in this country.
That proposition of the Senator from Oregon
is certainly important. I do not believe it will
affect the Nevada mint, as seems to have been
supposed. It has no earthly effect upon it one
way or the other. The Government of the
United States pays exactly the same for bul-
lion at the Nevada mint that it does at the San
Francisco mint or at the Mint at Philadelphia—
precisely the same. If depositors want to go
to the Nevada mint and deposit their bullion,
they can deposit it and get their coin upon
the assay the same as they do everywhere else.
If we cannot farnish accommodations there,
if the people do not wish to deposit there, tho
mint cannot continue; if they do, it can.
Allowing private refineries to exchange fine
bullion for unparted bars does not have the
slightest effect upon the Nevada mint. I am
in favor of giving the Nevada mint a fair trial,
and I hope there will be no attempt to strike
out the appropriation, so that we may give it
a fair trial. I believe it will be of use. The
original appropriation for it, as my colleague
justly remarked, was made before either of us
came here. We have undertaken to start it;
we have a fine mint and a good refining estab-
lishment there, and it will accommodate our
people. At all events, it is perfectly right,
after the expenditure has been made for estab-
lishing it, to let the experiment be fairly tried
whether it is needed or not. But this measure
does not affect it one way or the other. It simply
takes off some of the incumbrances that are
charged upon the miner, some of those things
that tend to depreciate his bullion.
There are two classes of bankers: one buy-
ing bullion for the purpose of coinage, to ac-
commodate tho community, the other buy-
ing for the purpose of exportation. When
those buying for the purpose of exportation
are able to give more for it for that purpose
than those buying for coinage, then money is
scarce; then you have a deficiency of coin ;
then you have to pay a bounty for the purpose
of inducing coin at all to llow into circulation.
The general principle is plain : let manufac-
turing be done by manufacturers. My friend
from Rhode Island [Mr. Stkague] would not
want the Government to undertake to make
his prints, and charge for the expense of
doing it. lie would think he could get it
done as cheaply as they could. Nor does the
owner of bullion want the Government of the
United States to manipulate it at eleven cents
an ounce when he can get it manipulated for
five or six. All this assists to let the owner
of bullion manipulate his bullion as cheaply
as he can and take it to the Mint and get its
value. Is not that fair? Do you want to
prevent men from going into private enter-
prises by which they can benefit the commun-
ity, manufacture at home, enhance the price
of bullion, and do nobody any injury ? I can-
not see why there should be the slightest objec-
tion to it. Why the Government originally
agreed to do refining is explained by examining
the history of our Mint. '1 hat it should now be
abandoned is evident, because there are plenty
of refiners in the country who are willing to
manufacture the bullion and fit it for coinage.
There is another thing which the Govern-
ment ha3 to look at. There has been in the
San Francisco mint in the last ten or fifteen
years a bullion fund always, as there is in other
mints. That bullion fund is used in this way:
when the crude bullion is brought to the mint
it is assayed, its value stamped, and it is paid
for in coin. Sometimes there has been a defi-
ciency of the bullion fund, and then parties
have had to wait a little while; but there is a
bullion fund kept for the purpose of paying
depositors as soon as their deposits are assayed.
There is also a large allowance made for loss
in refining. You have lost in your bullion
fnnd between four and five hundred thousand •
dollars, and nine tenths of it have been in this
system of refining, this manufacturing that the
Government ought to have nothing to do with;
nine tenths of it have gone in that way; nine
tenths of the losses have been in this refining
process. You have to have a large amount
of the metal in solution in vats all over a large
establishment; it requires a great deal of atten-
tion ; and I undertake to say that the Govern-
ment is not as well prepared as private indi-
viduals to watch and guard those vats, and it
has not succeeded so well. When you assay
at the Mint you have your assayer there; when
you assay a bar, and stamp its value and pay
for it, there is no necessity for the Government
running that other risk longer, provided pri-
vate refineries will bring refined bullion and
exchange it for your unparted bars.
Mr. SHERMAN. I feel somewhat at a loss
to know what my public duty requires in regard
to this matter. I will simply say that if this
amendment is not voted down I shall consider
it my duty then to explain at considerable
length the origin and necessity of maintaining
the Mint charges now established by law. i
do not wish to go into a long debate of this
kind at this stage. I hope the question will be
taken on the pending amendment, and then I
will judge what course to take.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Mr. President, we are
copying after England in all our financial forms
