5328
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7,
tried his best; for I do not think his heart could
have been very much engaged in such a cause.
It is perfectly plain that this is a proposition
•which will lose to the Government and to the
people of the United' States the opportunity
of profiting by the experience of its best and
bravest officers. That is simply the result of
it. You put it out of your power to avail your-
self of the fruits of the long experience which
these naval gentlemen have had.
As to the law retiring men arbitrarily at the
age of sixty-two, I must say that I have very
little respect for it. I think it is a rule that no
man would apply for an instant in his private
affairs. If you were told that you should never
consult a physician who had reached the age of
sixty-two, that you should never avail yourself
of the services of a lawyer that had reached the
age of sixty-two, you would simply consider
such an adviser a madman.
"When you say to the people of the country
that here are a band of some two hundred hon-
orable, experienced, able men who have spent
their lives in acquiring the very peculiar inform-
ation and powers that their profession led to,
and just when their wisdom is ripest you will
not avail yourselves of it, there is no principle
to justify it; but it is called economy!
In the first place, you do not pay for their
nominal service, as it has been styled, until
you call for it. An officer on the retired list
is drawing the pay apportioned by law to that
condition. He draws no other until he is called
into active duty, and when he performs the
active duty intelligently and in a superior man-
ner, as he must by reason of his experience,
then if you pay him the pay of his grade it is
not a gratuity; it is a simple matter of a quid
pro quo.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the Senate will sus-
tain the amendment moved by the Senator from
Maine. Those officers that have been retired
stand in the way of the other officers. There
is no special reason why those men should be
assigned to any duty. It is not allowed in the
Army, and should not be allowed in the Navy.
We have to day at least three officers in the
Navy where there should be but one.
Mr. DRAKE. That is a mistake.
Mr. WILSON. We have officers enough in
the Navy to command a navy of forty thousand
men. There is 110 doubt aboutthat. Last year it
cost, I think, about three million four hundred
thousand dollars to pay them, while the pay of
the men was about one million sixhundred thou-
sand dollars. I am utterly surprised that some
proposition has not been made to reduce the
officers of the Navy at least one half. There
can be no doubt or question that these old offi-
cers who have been retired are by special favor
appointed to do duties that belong to others.
1 do not wish to take up more of the time of
the Senate, but I shall vote for this amend-
ment, and I hope it will be sustained by the
Senate; and 1 hope at least that at the next ses-
sion a movement will be inaugurated to place
our Navy where it should be. It is very small
at this time. We have very few vessels. The
Navy is very small to-day, the officers very
large, and the expense of supporting that large
number of officers very great; out of all pro-
portion to the needs of the country.
Mr. DRAKE. I cannot permit the extraor-
dinary statement of the Senator from Massachu-
setts to pass unchallenged before the country ;
and I take leave, with the utmost respect to
him, to intimate that if he knew anything like
as muchaboutthe affairs of the Navy as he does
about the affairs of the Army he could prob-
ably speak ex cathedra on this subject; but he
never has studied the Navy at all; and it re-
quires Senators as well as others to study a
subject in order to understand it.
It is not, as he states, that the Navy has a
large number of officers, more than it ought to
have. Let it be remembered that the Navy is
a technical profession which you cannot pick
up men in the streets every day capable of dis-
charging the duties of as you can of the Army.
You can go into the streets of Washington any
day and pick up men who have been in service as
officers of the Army, capable to officer a corps;
but you cannot pick up ten men out of the
Navy in all the sea-board cities of this country
who are capable oftaking a naval command. It
is gross injustice to the Navy thus to stigmatize
it before the country as being overburdened
with officers. Whenever there is a branch of
the public service which requires technical
knowledge and skill, technical education, pro-
fessional acumen and knowledge to enable a
man to exercise its duties in proper manner,
there you have always to keep more men in the
service than at any particular moment of time
are called for on active duty. It is not so in
another profession, whereyou can pick up men
to fill their places at any moment with material
that you can find all about you.
Now, Mr. President, just as I expected,
because the Senator from Massachusetts has
had a provisiou passed into a law which for-
bids retired Army officers from being put on
duty, he wants to apply the same rule to the
Navy, forgetting utterly the fact that nobody
is retired in the Army but he who is incapa-
citated for duty, or else he who applies for
retirement after forty years' service, while the
naval officer is thrust off the active list upon
the retired list on attaining the age of sixty-
two years without any reference at all to his
fitness for active duty.
Mr. President, it is not correct, either, for
the Senator from Massachusetts to say that
these retired officers are standing in the way
of active officers. Sir, we have not enough
officers in the Navy to perform the duties m
the higher grades ; and if you strike off entirely
any recourse to the list of retired officers, you
are bound to find the service deficient in super-
vision and executive faculty somewhere.
Now, I submit that upon this question it
ought to be supposed that the Naval Commit-
tee has some knowledge and some opinion
which is entitled to the respect of the Senate.
Mr. WILSON. I do not think any of us will
raise any question but that the Senator from
Missouri, a member of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, has much knowledge in regard to that
branch of the public service. We all know
that he has much practical knowledge on the
subject; that his early training fits him to give
us good opinions on that subject. I do not
question that. But, sir, in spite of all that I
must be permitted to say that 1 diifer wholly
with the Senator in regard to the number of offi-
cers necessary to the Navy. I do not see that
we need moreofficers, or, it'any, butafewmore,
and I do not think we need any more than we
had at the beginning of the late war. We have
got hardly any vessels more than we had then.
The condition of the Navy to-day is deplorable
in its strength 
Mr. FOWLER. How many more officers
have we ?
Mr. WILSON. I do not know precisely,
though a large number more.
Mr. ANTHONY. What does the Senator
mean by speaking of the Navy being "deplor-
able." Is it smaller than it ought to be, or not
as efficient as it ought to be ?
Mr. WILSON. What 1 mean is this: we
have spent nearly five hundred million dol-
lars within the last ten years to build up a naval
force, and I will say to the Senator that neatly
all that expenditure was made for vessels to go
into our southern waters, not to become pait
of the Navy, not to be sea-going vessels. We
have done very little in that respect, and we have
very few sea-going vessels. You have but to
examine the report of the Secretary of the Navy
to see that. You have but to read the letter
of the Secretary of the Navy to the Committee
on Appropriations to see the existing condition
of the Navy to-day ; and it is far weaker than
the country believes, and I think among the
highest d uties of this Government is to purchase
timber and other materials necessary for ship-
building, to be prepared to build up a navy rap-
idly when we need it, for to-day we have very
little naval -power. Most of the innumerable
fleet of vessels we created during the war for a
special purpose have passed away with the war,
and we have but few sailing or steam-going
naval vessels in the country.
Now, take the Navy Register, look at the
number of officers; see the large proportion
of them who are not doing duty to-day, and
you will see that we have got a vast number
of them. I know that the profession is tech-
nical. I know that in proportion to the num-
ber of men employed and the number of ves-
sels it is necessary to have more officers in the
Navy than in the Army. Still I think, with all
that, the proportion is vastly greater than we
need; and we could treble our Navy, I think
we could add four or five times to the number
of our ships and our men, without the neces-
sity of having a single officer added to the
naval service.
Mr. FOWLER. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts one question; whether
this provision would benefit the Navy any?
Mr. WILSON. This provision?
Mr. FOWLER. The proviso proposed to
be adopted here that these retired officers shall
not be assigned to any duty.
Mr. WILSON. My own judgment is that it
is due to the real officers of the Navy who are
not retired that the officers who are retired
should not be detailed for service. It is gen-
erally a matter of preference, a matter of
favoritism ; and 1 am told that in some parts
of the country some of these aged and old
officers are a sort of port admirals, and they
have a number of men to wait upon them and
take care of them. That is what has been
represented to us. As a member of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, I have made some
little study of the subject. Certainly I would
not claim to understand the matter as well as
the Senator from Missouri, who is upon the
Committee on Naval Affairs, or other members
of that committee ; but I have thrown out
these suggestions as my views from what little
study 1 could give the subject, and I think
further investigation will confirm most of what
I have said.
Mr. ANTHONY. I had intended to make
some reply to the remarks of my friend from
Massachusetts about the deplorable condition
of the Navy, but ho has done it so much better
himself that he has left nothing for me except
to follow up very briefly his own line of argu-
ment.
The Navy in in a deplorable condition, and
the American people ought to know it. The
attention of the people has been called to it
by the Secretary of the Navy in his last report.
He says, after speaking of the employmentof
the Navy during the preceding year :
"This, while it was allthat th c Department could
do under the present authority and appropriations,
is by no means all that I conceive to be necessary
tor the safety of the great interests involved, or even
for national defense in time of danger. The service
needs, and the position of our country requires, a
great increase in the effective force of the Navy; not
so much in the number of the ships that constitute
it as in tile number and character of those employed.
I recognize the necessity for close economy m ex-
penditure under the present circumstances of the
country, but the naval expenses make but a small
part, of the national appropriations, and the true
wealth of the country will not be increased by neg-
lecting the means of national safety and honor, nor
money saved by refusing adequate protection to
commercial enterprise.
"In a country peopled like ours, and separatedby
the sea from powerful neighbors, we need in times
of domestic peace orJy the organization and nucleus
of a land force; but with the prosperity which fol-
lows domestic pcace comes the demand for protec-
tion to the commerce which it fosters and tho wealth
it accumulates.
" Our prosperity, either as a producing or as a
manufacturing:people, is measured by our commerce
with countries beyond the sea, and wise statesman-
ship and true economy alike require adequate pro-
tection for this means of national wealth, both 011
tnc ocean >vhore it is employed and in the ports
where it is organized and whence it mues, and in
imniediate results arc accumulated.
We have already opened steam communication
between Europe and the East, across our continent
and through our ports on either ocean. In this age
