18*70.3
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
639
41ST QONO,>..2J> Sbsb.
Indepmderux of Cvba>—Mr. Witt$ar$.
Ho. of Reps.
getting ihein to Cuba. Ah, yes 1 The recog
uiiiou of belligerent rights will enable them to
sell theirbonds, and theagentp who have those
bonds in this, country, and who are waiting
about this Jlouse ii> order to eee what decision
■will be rendered upon tbis question, consider
this as a financial transaction entirely. They
consider that.the action of this IJouse willde-
teriniue the question whether these bonds can
be floated i? the marked, and whether t&is
Cuban republic, which has its headquarters in
New York and Washington, can thereby put
money in its purse-
Sir, we have had some experience in these
matte r5. We have had, the organization of
the Fenian republic in. this country, whose
priuciplea have been in the name of Irish lib-
erty to get money from the poor Irish people,
from the Irish seryant-giri, and frona tlie Irish
laborer; and whose principal business, After
that money was obtained, wa  to spend it in
having a good, time, Aud when their funds
run low they get up an invasion-into Canada,
to sLjow that they have done something with
their money," in order'that they may get another
gill of, greenbacks from the credulous Irish
people, and draw from their" hard earnings
more .cash to. spend for their own enjoyment,
We'have a Cuban junta in this countryf an
prgariiaatipu which has its headquarters in
Washington ^nd in 'New York; which.had its
drill-rooms in Neiy York, until tbe Government
was obliged to interfere and break them up ;
•which"advertised openly for recruits to go to
Cuba, and which has continually from first to
last'violated the laws of this country. It is
au organization for the purpose, not only of
achieving Cuban independence, but for tHe
purpose of'drawing the United States into
that war, and achieving that independence,
as General Jordan understands it can only be
achieved, through the aid. s^nd instrumentality
of our Government and of our people. And
now when the funds of these juntas run low,
instead of making a raid on Canada as Fenian
head-centers do when in similar impecunious
condition* these Cuban gentlemen make a raid
on the Congress of the united States, and fill
the approaches of the Capitol with men asking
that the disorganized ai>d roving bands in the
island of Cuba may, in the name of liberty,
be recognized as belligerents, because such
recognition will enable them to sell their bond? 1
I am obliged tp confess that I am not much
moved with this style of fighting for liberty,
whether in Cuba or in Ireland. Men who are
in earnest for their liberty, and Who will make
a good use of it when they get it, do not begin
their battle for it in this way. And this is not
the first time I have had occasion to state to
this House that with organizations of that kind
in onr own country against the integrity and
peace of other nations I have no sympathy. I
believe the gospel of minding one s own busi-
ness is as true for the nation as for the indi-
vidual ; the gospel of doing unto others as you
would have others do unto you. And if that
lesson has not been burned into this people so
that it ought to remain as long as we are a
people, by the terrible rebellion which we have
just crushed in our own country, and which
was enabled to hold out as long as it did be-
cause of the sympathy, aid, and encourage-
ment which it. received from the Governments
of other countries—I say if that lesson has not
been burned into our recollection by our own
recent experience, we do not" deserve to suc-
ceed in crushing another rebellion should one
ever lift its head again against established gov-
ernment in this country. If we have not learned
in consequence of that experience that this
Government has rights in relation to the integ-
rity (if its territory, and that other Governments
have rights also in relation to the integrity of
i hcir territory—if we have not learned that we
should not encourage or in any way strengthen
the hand of inaurrectiou anywhere on theface
of the earth, we de&ervs to have the lesson
repeated by succeeding insurrections until we
can comprehend our duty toward other nations
as well as their duty toward us.;, ,
I had other evidence of the present condition
of the insurrection in Cuba to which I intended
to inyite attention, but I. have not timet and
I will proceed, as. briefly aa ppssible, to sbow
the attitude of our Government toward Spain
and the insurgent*.
It has been a very difficult and troublesome
matter to keep the United States out of thia
struggle. A great many interested parties,
who nave; for commercial and speculative pur-
poses, desired to see Cuba annexed to this
country, have been continually urging some
recognition of the Cubans as belligerents. The
insurgents have had their base of operations
here, and have kept the State Department aod
the officers of the law has; in preventing vio-
lations of oar neutrality laws. Newspapers,
in the interest of the insurgents, have most
outrageously assailed the President and the
Cahirvet. The course pursued by the Goveru-
s meat has been from.first to last misrepresented
as in the interest of Spain. Every measure
has been reported to to influence public opinion
in. favor of; what was called the cause of lib-
erty ia Cuba. Yet I believe no government
. ever had a clearer or better record than oars
i has on this question.
M The Government has never failed, whenever
| an opportunity offered, to protest against the
t savage sty le of warfare pursued by Spain.. When
Valmaseda issued his proclamation in April,
| 1809, threatening to born unoccupied habita-
tions, aod those which did not throw oat the
white flag, and ordering every man over fifteen
! years of age found away from his habitation
' to be shot, Mr. Fish at once wrote Mr. Roberts,
: the'Spanish minister, saying: "In the interest
; of Christian civilisation and common humanity,
I hope this document is a forgery." In a let-
ter to Mr. Hale, then minister at Madrid, Mr.
! Fish calls this "an infamous proclamation."
| At the conclusion of a dispatch to Mr. Sickles,
: August 10, 1869, Mr. Fish directs our minister
i at Madrid to make the following protest against
the manner of conducting the contest in Cuba:
I "You will also, in the name of the President, sol-
| emnly protest against any longer carrying on this
war in Cuba in this barbarous way. For now nearly
; a year the insurgents have maintained themselves
I against all the forces which Spain and the Catalan
j volunteers have been able to put into the field against
' them. In the judgment of the President, in wbieh I
believe the whole civilized world will coincide, the
, time has come when this struggle should be carried
on in a more humane way. To shoot prisoners of !
war simply because tbey are taken with arms in tbeir <
bands is not in accordance with the customs of the |
Christian world. This country is deeply interested
in theproper solution of this question. Our relations
with Cuba are so many and so intimate that we can- :
not regard this struggle in all its details with any- i
thing but intense interest. Our earnest wish has
been and is to do our whole duty as a neutral nation :
toward Spain in this emergency. Feeling that we
have done so. that under eircumetanoes of peculiar
difficulty we have enforced our laws and maintained
our neutrality, we think that we have a right on our
part to insist that Spain shall carry on this war
hereafter in a manner more in accordance with the
humane and Christian sentiment of the age."
Mr. Sickles formally communicated this to
the Spanish minister in a note dated Septem-
ber 6, 1869, concluding as follows:
"In view of the foregoing facts and considera-
tions, the undersigned is instructed to protest with
all solemnity, in the name of the President of the
United States, against the deplorable excesses which
have thus far characterized the war in Cuba, and to
Insist, as the President believes he may rightfully
insist, in the name of humanity, that hereafter,
while hostilities are prolonged, the war shall be con-
ducted in a manner more in accord with the humane
and Christian sentiment of the age."
In a note addressed to Mr. Roberts, October
13,1869, Mr. Fish says:
"The undersigned has not now to remind Mr. Rob-
erts of the frequency with which, in the interest of
humanity, ho has boon obliged to remonstrate against
the atrocities and the cruelties which have attended
the confiiot in Cuba for the past year; and u these
cruelties and this inhumanity hare not been con-
fined to one party to the conflict, the force of the
justification for intervention assigned by (be emi-
nent Spanish authority referred to has been SoteucU
the wore pressing."  
- Bat'these'-protests, and many others like
them, are not all that the Government has
done. - It has endeavored notonly Bo mitigate
the horrors «>f, bat to pot an end to the strug-
gle in Cuba; It has asked Spain to cede Cubu
to the Cuban#. - Mr. Fish addressed a note to
Mr. Sickles, at Madrid, June 20,1869, in which
he said:
"The proximity of the island of Cuba, theconstabt
tateroourse between its inhobitanteand our citizens,
and its extended and increasing cot&inente with this
country, all tend.to awaken an earnest interest in
onr people in what concerns its inhabitants. Many
citizens ofthe United States are largely interested
in property there, many reside there, and maay visit
the island more or less frequently, either on business
or to enjoy the benefit oftbe climate. Even more
numerous, possibly, are the Cabana who own prop-
erty, or who Visit, or who reside in the United State* ;
' and thus thereha ve grown up close personal relations.
Both business and social, between the inhabitants
ofCubacmd of tbe .United States. A strung political
sympathy also exists, and the civil strife now raging
' in the island thus appeals with unusual power to the
sympathy which Americans feel for all peopieaatriv-
ing to secure for themselves more liberal instUatiune.
and that inestimable right of self-government which
we prize as the foundation of all progress and achieve-
ment.'
'After much consideration aBd a careful survey of
the question iu all its relations this Government baa
arrived at the conclusion that it is its duty to exert
its friendly influence to bring1 this nnhappy strile to
a close.. Dnty to its own citizens aiutto their largo
property interests, jeoparded by tbe continuance of
the War;"the necessity of maintaining quiet within
its borden, newserieusly disturbed by tbe oontiuoed
strife earned on so near its borders; oar friendship
for Spain. 090 of the earliest and oldest of onr alius*,
with whom nj interruption of friendly relations hus
' occnrredsineeoureintraTroaintotbetauiilyofaatiiwis;
our sympathy for .the Cubans, who are ear aeigfc-
bors. all alike impel tho Government to this course.
"The President, therefore, directs you to offer to
the cabinet at Madrid the good offices of tbe Uaited
States for the purpose of bringing to aclose the civil
war now ravaging the island of Cuba on the follow-
ing bases :
"1. The independence of Cuba to be acknowledged
by Spain.- ...
*'2.. Cuba to pay Spain a sum, within a time and
in a.mauncrto be agreed unon by them, as au equiv-
alent for the entire and definite relinquishment by
Spain of all her rights in that island, including tbe
public property of every description, it Cuba should
not be able to pay the whole sum at once iu cash,
the future payments, by installments, are to be ade-
quately secured by a pledge of the export and im-
port customs duties under an arrangement to be
agreed upon for their collection, in trust, for the
purpose of securing both the principal and interest
of those installments until their final discbarge.
"3. Tho abolition of slavery in the island of Cuba.
"4. An armistice pending the negotiations for the
settlement above referred to.
"In case the good offices of the United States aro
accepted by Spain, you will request that such steps
may t>e immediately taken as will' arrest the pro-
gress pf tho fight, and you will communicate at once
By telegraph with the Department, using the cipher
when necessary. Authority should also bo asked in
that case for the representatives of tbe revolution-
ary party, now in the United States, to communicate
through the Spanish lines with those in command
of the revolutionary party in Cuba, in order that all
further destruction of life and property may be
arrested at the earliest possible moment."
A long correspondence respecting this nego-
tiation is contained in the documents which
have been already printed for the House, Mr.
Sickles communicated the proposition to the
Spanish Government. That Government re-
quired aa a preliminary that the insurgents in
Cuba should lay down their arms. This, of
course, tbe United States could not compel
them to do, and after a correspondence run-
ning through three months the negotiation
failed. But the proposition is of itself tbe
strongest evidence pf the friendliness of our
Government to the "real interests of those whoi
mean what they say when they declare that!
Cuba ought to belong to the Cubans. Mr.
Pish did all he could, and that, too, in a very 1
proper and practical way, to help the Cubans
to their independence, and he camfe very near
success; certainly much nearer than the
Cubans are likely to be again, unless they can
get the United Stated through some ill-timed
