1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3441
of action. Our financial situation is diametric-
ally opposite from that of England. Money
there is forced by an irresistible power down
in prices; ours, by a power almost as irresist-
ible, is forced upward in price. So that though
Eugland farms out even the coinage to private
parties we should do no such thing, even in
degree. This proposition is in keeping with
ihe drift of the times, to aggregate in tew hands
the wealth of the country, which is noticeable
i;i the course in Business regarding property.
Here it is proposed by law to abandon to indi-
viduals the handling of the gold dust and sil-
ver ore which now goes direct to the Mint. I
object to any check of the flow into the Mint
of our gold product. No private establish-
ment should be indulged in handling this, the
vital business fluid of the country. To pre-
vent the possession at all of the gold and silver
production from aggregating in few hands, I
would perfect and distribute Government appli-
ances to render into coin gold dust and silver
ore. This proposition is not in the interest
of the miner, the coantry, or the Government,
bat the refiner. I am for the miner, the coun-
try, and the Government, and 1 vote against
the proposition.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Nevada [Mr. Nye] to the amendment of the
Senator from Oregon, [Mr. Williams,] which
is to insert at the end of the amendment of the
Senator from Oregon:
And no charge shall hereafter be made for the coin-
age of gold or silver in the United States Mint or its
branches.
Mr. CORBETT. To obviate any objection
to that amendment, I ask the Senator from
Nevada to accept this as a substitute:
Provided, That hereafter the coinage charge of one
half of one per cent, shall be, and hereby is, abol-
ished.
Mr. NYE. That applies to gold.
Mr. CORBETT. That applies to the coin-
age charge specifically, and applies to the half
per cent., so that it cannot reduce the receipts
over $150,000, if all the coinage is taken into
account.
Mr. NYE. I will accept that.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not care so much
about the coinage ; but I notice in the act of
1856 that the Government charges at the rate
of one half per cent, for coining gold ; that is,
converting it into money, "current coin of the
realm," so called; and this charge is made on
the man who brings the bullion to the Mint to
havfe it coined. It is a charge, therefore, for
coinage, and acts upon the producer or the
bullion. It seems to me that that is not right.
It seems to me that this charge for converting
gold into coin by the Government of the Uni-
ted States, and fixing upon it the stamp of the
nation, by which it becomes lawful money,
oaght, like other public charges, to rest equally
upon the whole people of the United States.
Why, 'sir, how is it in regard to the national
currency, and in regard to what we call the
greenbacks? Do individuals pay for striking
off those evidences of debt, that species of
money, circulation? No, sir; it is a charge
upon the whole people of the United States,
aud it is paid for by universal taxation, like any
other public charge. I beg to know what pro-
priety there is in making a distinction between
this preparation of our paper currency and the
preparation of our gold or silver currency by
the Government? It seems to me that it is a
distinction without any difference. I can see
no justice in imposing upon the owner of
bullion the whole cost of converting his bullion
iuto coin. It is imposing upon a small class
of persons in the United States the whole
responsibility of coinage, which I think ought
tp fall upon all thepeopleof the United States,
like any other public charge. I hope, there-
fore, that this amendment of the Senator from
Nevada will be adopted.
Mr COLE. Mr. President, the question
now before the Senate, as I understand it, is
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 21G.
the amendment presented by the Senator from
Nevada [Mr. Nye] to the amendment of the
Senator from Oregon, [Mr. Williams,] and
upon that question I wish to say a very few
words. I shall not detain the Senate by any
lengthy remarks. It is, indeed, with a great
deal of reluctance that I claim theattention of
the Senate farther in this debate on this ques-
tion, but I propose to present very briefly a 1
few reasons why the coinage charge should be
abolished.
It is believed that the policy of the Govern-
ment should tend to the retention of American
bullion at home rathfer than allow the difference
between the mint charges of our own and for-
eign countries to operate as a premium to
encourage its shipment abroad, and that is the
effect of the coinage charge. I observe in the
reportofthe Committee on Retrenchment, who i
were last summer in San Francisco, in the tes-
timony of one of the witnesses who has had a
good deal of experience in mint matters, the
following question and reply with regard to
bullion, the question being put, I believe, by
the present occupant of the chair, [Mr. Thur-
man,] a member of that committee :
" Question. Has it not generally been more valu-
able to the exporter to send it off in the form of bul-
lion rather than coin ?
"Answer, Yes; a very small difference between
tho value of bullion hero and in London carries it
there very quickly."
The whole argument upon this poiht is
summed up in that answer. The little differ-
ence that is made by the imposition of this
charge of one half of one per cent, upon the
coinage of bullion drives it to a foreign market,
and the bullion is bought up by persons en-
gaged in that Speculation for the purpose of
meeting checks abroad, and sent there instead
of coin, and, indeed, instead of other commod-
ities which would otherwise go to meet the
demand of the balance of trade.
It is also true that such a modification of the
law would to some extent stimulate mining
enterprise, encourage an important but poorly-
paid branch of industry, and increase our an-
nual product of the precious metals. To be
sure, the effect upon the mining business of a
charge of this kind ifrould hot, I suppose,
weigh very heavily, but it has some effect, ana
if this is removed it will present another stim-
ulus to mining operations in which the whole'
business interests of the country ark interested.
This is not simply interesting to those who
produce bullion in a particular sefctrqn of the
country, but the whole country is interested
in it. ,
I may add that the removal of Che coinage
charge by raising the taint value o'f bullion
above its market value for shipment would in-
crease our coinage, swell the volume of specie
in circulation, and stimulate, as I stated a mo-
ment ago, the expoftin^ of other commodities
than gold and silver. This is a proposition so
clear as to need only to be stated to prove
itself.
It requires something also in countries be-
tween which there is a large-commerce, as is
the case between this and the various coun-
tries of Europe, particularly England, to adjust
the balances of trade ; and in sonie slight de-
gree this charge upon coinage, this seigniorage
that is placed by the Government upon the
bullion that is taken to the mint to be con:
verted into coin, operates upon this demand
to meet the balances of trade.
The entire cost of refining the total bullion
product of the country in gold, $21,000,000, or
$22,000,00b as it Appears to be, would not
much exceed $100,000; and it is no hazard to
say that the benefit to the Government by hav-
ing the increase that would result from the
abolition of this coinage charge, the advantage
to trade generally, the advantage to the whoie
commercial interests of the country, would
much more than counterbalance the surrender
of that Amount of revenue.
It has been stated in the' debate that the
Committee on Retrenchment while in San
Francisco took the testimony of numerous per-
sons upon the subject of coinage in the mint;
and it has been said—and I believe the facts
bear out the statement—that all the witnesses
who were examined upon the subject concurred
in the opinion that the coinage charge should
be abolished. The testimony of one witness
seems to be very pointed, and is worthy the
attention of the Senate before the vote is taken
on this question. 1 send to the desk and ask
the Clerk to read from the testimony of a
person who seems to be conversant willi tho
subject, Mr. Garnett, commencing on page
280 of the committee's report.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not object to the
reading of that, but I submit that we ought to
vote. We have talked on this question for
nearly two days now.
Mr. COLE. The extract is a short one, and
I shall not add a word to it.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection to
its being read, but I want to vote.
Mr. COLE. I only ask for the reading of
two questions and answers.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The extract
sent to the Chair by the Senator from Califor-
nia will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
"Question. What is your opinion in respect to tho
charges the Government ought toimpose for coining?
" Answer, They now charge ope half of one percent.
My opinion is that the charge ought to be abrogated
altogether; it should be free.
" Question. State your reasons for that opinion.
"Answer. That is a question which has been very
fully discussed in Europeduring thelasttwoor threo
hundred years; and more recently in England again,
growing out of the monetary convention of Paris. I see
that tho chancellor of the exchequer has made a vory
astonishing proposition in relation to the English
sovereign, to impose a seigniorage or coinage chargo
of one per cent. The English has been thoonly Gov-
ernment which has had an absolutely free coinage
system. They arc now getting a little apprehensive
aoout their stock of bullion, and coin. France has
seemed to accumulate almost all the gold of tho
world; and, as a means of cheoking the export abroad,
the English propose levying a seigniorago on their
coin by reducing its weight. The technical part of
the question ig very little understood by the ablest
politico-economio wjiters, and they are very apt to
confound two distinct modes of levying a seigniorage
or coinage fcharge, the effects of which are very dif-
ferent. One is such as ours and in France, where you
coin, tke;whole amount of a man's deposit into coip
of full weight and deduct a proportion of those coins
as seigniorage. The other is where you take from
him a portion of the metal he brings in, and coin the
balance into the saine number of coins of less weight
that the whole deposit would make of full coins, For
instance, if I were to take537± ounces of standard gold
to our Mint, which is exaotly one thousand eagles,
the Government would coin that into one thousand
eagles, or $10,000, and they would reserve five eagles,
which is fifty dollars, or ono half of .one per cent.,
tor this, making 2.68 ounces; and they would deliver
to me 534.81 ounces, or nine hundred and ninety-five
eagles, being $9,950. That is, they have taken fifty
dollars out of me individually, when ail the world
is as muoh interested in coinage as I am. That is the
direct mode; that is the mode used by us and by
France. Theothermode i3 to take the 2.68 ounces of
bullion from me ahd then turn my 534.81 ounces into
one thousand eagles and give them to me as $10,000.
There, the coin passes for a greater value than the
amount of bullion it contains. That is the mode of
seigniorage which prevents the export of coin, and
retains the coin in circulation; because it contains
less bullion, than its current value, and therefore
nobody will take it at ten dollars and export it
abroad and only get $9 95 for it. That system is a
prevention of the export of the coins of a country;
and in that view the chancellor of the exchequer has
I recommended that the sovereign be reduced one per
cent. But it would have this effect: it would lead at
once to. the recoinage of all the old coin in existence;
because there would be a clear profit of at least three
fourths of one per cent, in doing so. It would de-
plete France of its coinage, which is of fall weight,
becauso there would be a profit of three fourths per
cent., and the gold coin of France would go to Eng-
land and be converted into sovereigns. He e vidently
does not see that part of the effect it would have*.
The English idea of money, which irf auniversal
equivalent of values with a certain fixed unit beyond
arbitrary caprice or cupidity, which Shall at all times
represent a certain value, is the real idea of money,
I think. In accordance with that, for two hundred
years, after having been discussed by the ablest men
in England, they have had ever since Charles ii's
day a free gold coinage; and only now have they
suggested this idea of a seigniorage, bccause of the
fact, tliathcr coinag6 being of full weight, ft st&Bipeu
ingot like ours, is apt to be melted down' or go
abroad."
Mr. POMEROY. I ought to ask pardon
of the Senator from California. I see this
subiect has been under discnssion for two hun-
