1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4385
K. Holabird, chief quartermaster of the department
of Dakota, of the reconnoissance made by him within
the limits of said department during the year 1869,
with the accompanying maps.
TWELFTH KENTUCKY INFANTRY BAND.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now ask the indulgence
of the Senate to pass the two private biils to
which I called attention a moment or two ago.
I move to take up House joint resolution
No. 124.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio asks unanimous consent, the morning
business having been concluded, to take up two
private bills for consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution (H. R. No. 124) for
the relief of John M. Broome and others, the
band of the twelfth Kentucky infantry. The pre-
amble recites that John Martin Broome, leader
of the band of the twelfth regiment Kentucky
volunteer infantry, and Adam Shilling, Chris-
tian Kuboz, George Scott, and Rudolf Van-
deran, musicians of the first class, George
Hoeflinger, Peter Oehlschlager, John Eck, and
Philip VVeis, musicians of the second class,
and Alois Berg and Philip Hermann, (the last
named having died in hospital on the 31st of
March, 1862,) musicians of the third class,
were enlisted as the band of musicians of the
twelfth Kentucky infantry, on the 3d of Jan-
uary, 1-862, and performed service and were
discharged by the authority of law and military
regulations as the band of the regiment until
the 10th of September, 1862, without having
been paid, and without having furnished to the
War Department the proper rolls of muster-in
and muster-out of service. The joint resolu-
tion therefore directs the proper officers of the
War and Treasury Departments to allow them
the same pay and allowances from the time of
their enlistment to the date of their discharge
as though their muster-rolls had been properly
furnished and were in all respects regular.
Mr. PQMEROY. Is that reported from a
committee?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir; and it has passed
the Senate twice before.
Mr. POMEROY. It proposes to pay these
persons from the date of their enlistment.
We have always heretofore said, the date of
muster-in.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is the usual course
in such cases. This bill, I will inform the Sen-
ator, has passed this body twice, has passed the
House of Representatives twice, but it has so
happened in going backward and forward that
it has not become the law of the land. It is a
German band, and payment ought to be made.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
WILLIAM AND JOIIN IIANNEGAN'S SURETIES.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is another bill,
House bill No. 1395, for the relief of some of
my constituents, reported from the Committee
oil Claims, which I should like to have taken up.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 1395) for the relief
of Charles Cooper, Goshorn A. Jones, Jerotne
Rowley, William Hannegan, and John Ilan-
negan. It proposes to release Charles Cooper,
Goshorn A. Jones, Jerome Rowley, William
Hannegan, and John Hannegan from all lia-
bility to the United States, under and by reason
of their bond executed thereto to secure the
faithful performance by William and John Han-
negan of their contract with the Government
of the United States for the improvement of
Des Moines rapids, of the Mississippi river,
in the State of Iowa; and it directs that the
action at law now pending in the United States
district court for the northern district of Ohio to
enforce the bond be discontinued by the proper
officer of the Government at the cost of the
defendants. This is not to be construed to
give the parties, or any of them, any claim or de-
mand against the Government under the eon-
-No
tract or bond, or to affect in anyway any claim
or demand which they, or any of them, may
have or make against the Government under
the contract or bond, for the recovery from
Government of any part of the fifteen per cent,
reserved by the Government under the pro-
visions of the contract. The second section
proposes to make it lawful for John Hannegan
and William Hannegan to institute and prose-
cute an action in the Court of Claims against
the United States for the recovery of any part
of the reserved per cent, mentioned in the pre-
ceding section to which they may believe them-
selves entitled in law or equity.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee on Claims,
if I remember aright, reported an amendment
striking out the last section. I am willing that
should be done, although I think it is a hard
case.
The amendment of the Committee on Claims
was to strike out the second section, in the fol-
lowing words:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That it shall be
lawful lor said J ohn Ilanneptan and Wllliam llanne-
gan to institute and prosecute an action in the Court
of Claims against tho United States for the rceovcry
of any part of the reserved per cent, mentioned in
tho preceding section to which they may believe
themselves entitled in law or equity.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the araendmeut was concurred in.
The amendment was ordered to l?e engrossed
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill
was read the third time, and passed.
RAILROADS IN NEBRASKA.
Mr. TIPTON". I move tliafc the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
1G8.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 108) granting lands to aid in
the construction of a railroad from Lincoln, in
the State of Nebraska, to Denver, Colorado
Territory.
The Committee on Public Lands reported an
amendment, to strike out all after the enacting
clause and insert the following :
That for the purpose of'aiding in the construction
of a raiirood from the town of Lincoln, tho capital
of tho State of Nebraska, and also from the town of
Brownville, m said State, to a point of intersection
not further west than tho sixth principal meridian,
nccording to Government survey of said State; thence
by one lino of road, viatheRepublican river, to Den-
ver, Colorado Territory, there is hereby granted to
tho Midland Pacific llailroad Company and to tho
Brownville and Fort Kearny Railroad Company,
(said companies incorporated under tho laws of the
State of Nebraska,) tho riffht of way through the
public lands of the States of Nebraska and Kansas,
and the Territory of Colorado, tor the construction
of said roads ; and the right, power, and authority is
hereby given tosaid companies to take from the pub-
lic lands adjacent to the line of said roads, earth,
stone, and other materials necessary for the construc-
tion thereof; said right of way is granted to &aid
companies to the extent of two hundred feet, whore
they may pass over tho public lands, including all
necessary grounds for stations, buildings, depots,
machine shops, side-tracks, water-stations, not ex-
ceeding iorty acres at each stations Provided, That
any and all lands heretofore reserved to the United
States bv any act of Congress, or in any other man-
ner by competent authority for the purpose of aiding
in any object of internal improvement, or other pur-
pose whatever, be, and the same arc hereby, reserved
and excepted from the operations of this act, except
so far as it may be found necessary to locate the route
of said road through such reserved lands, in which
ease the right of way is hereby granted, together with
the depot grounds and right, power, and authority
to take from tho public lands adjacent to the lino of
said roads, earth, stone, and other material neces-
sary for the construction thereof.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That for the pur-
pose of aiding in theconstructionofsaid roads, there
be, and is hereby, appropriated tor the use of the
said Midland Pacific Railroad, and the Brownville
and Fort Kearny Railroad Companies, Jointly, every
alternate section of public land not mineral, desig-
nated by odd numbers, to the amount- of ten alter-
nate sections per mile on each side of said roads on! he
line thereof and not sold, reserved, or otherwise dis-
posed ot by the United States or held by valid home-
stead right at the time of the location of said road
and the tiling* of the map, as herein provided: Pro-
vided, That said companies shall accept this grant
■withm one year from the passage of this act by the
filing of such acceptance with the Secretary of the
Interior, and shall also establish the line of suid
roads as near as may be, and file a map within one
year of the date of said acceptance: &nd provided-
further, That this act shall not be.so construed as to
grant lands as aforesaid to more than one line of
road, from the point where said roads shall inter-
sect to Denver; and such point of intersection shall
not be further west than, the sixth i>rincip,ai merid-
ian, according to the Government survey in said
Stato of Nebraska.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That said compa-
nies may consolidate from the point where said roada
intersect, and such consolidation may be made in
accordance with the laws of tho Stato of Nebraska,
but upon equal terms; and all the rights, privileges,
and grants herein made to said companies, jointly,
so far as relates to that part of said road'from point
of intersection to western terminus of the same, shall
inure to said consolidated company to aid in build-
ing one line from such pointof intersection to Den-
ver: Provided, That the proceeds of lands hereby
granted shall bo faithfully applied in equal pro-
portions to promote tho building of tho branches
from Lincoln and from Brownville, Nebraska, to the
pointof junction as welias theJoint road from said
point-to Denver, Colorado Territory : And provided
further, Xh&t tho stock in said joint road shall bo
owned and controlled in equal proportions by the
Midland Pacific and the Brownville and Fort ICearny
llailroad Companies: Andprovidedfurther, Thatsaid
consolidated company in operating its road shall
not discriminate against said Midland Pacific branch
to Lincoln, or said Brownville and Fort Kearny
branoh to Brownville in fares, freights, number, or
quality of trains, or in any other manner; aud passen-
gers and freight shall at all times be carried each way
over said consolidated road and to the river terminus
of said branches without change of oars.
Sec. 4. And be itfmther enacted, That when the
lands along tho line of said roads and within the
boundaries specified shall have been in any manner
disposed ot by the Government of the United States,
or if the rights of homestead and preemption shall
have attached to any such lands prior to passago
of this act, then said companies shall have the right,
and arc hereby authorized, to select other lands in
lieu of those so disposed of, or to which such rights as
aforesaid may have attached, from any unappropri-
ated public lands not more than five miles beyond
the limits of said alternate sections.
Sec.5. Andbe it further enacted, That whenever any
ten consecutive miles of said railroads shall be com-
pleted, and upon certificate of the Governor of tho
State of Nebraska to tho Secretary of the Interior
that tho same is done in a workmanlike manner,
properly equipped, and ready for use, then the Sec-
retary of tho Interior shall issuo to said company or
companies patents for all lands granted for depot
grounds as herein provided, and said Secretary of the
interior shall issue to said company or companies
certificates for all lands unsold to which thoy aro
entitled under this act.
SEC. 6. And be it farther enacted, That the lands
granted by this act, excepting only such as are neces-
sary for tho company to reserve tor depots, stations,
side-tracks, wood-yards, standing ground, and other
needful uses in operating tho road, and mineral land,
shall be sold to actual settlors only, and in quantities
not more than one hundred and sixty acros to any ono
person, under such regulations and restrictions as
may bo prescribed by the Secretary of tho Interior,
at such prices as will secure to said company, its suc-
cessors or assigns, as aforesaid, an average price of
not more than $>2 50 per acre for tho land actually
certified for each comploted section of ten. miles of
said railroad or branches thereof; and to insure an
cntorecmcntof this sectionit shall be the duty of tho
company receiving the certificates from the Secre-
tary of the Interior as aforesaid, for tho lands granted
in aid of the construction of the first scction of ten
miles of said railroad and branches, and within one
year thereafter, to fix a price on each one hundred
and sixty aero tract described in said certificates, m
such manner and at such rates that the average price
of tho whole amount certified shall not exceed £2 51)
per acre, and report tho same to tho Secretary of tho
Interior, exposing a copy of such report to the public
in the ofiicc of the secretary of such company; and
any person actually settling upon said land, or any
Government subdivision thereof not greater than a
quarter section, shall have the right to purchase, at
the pricoso fixed, any unsold parcel of said land upon
payment of said price; and on payment therefor it
shall bo tho duty of the secretary of such company U
make out duplicate certificates of the sale under tho
seal of the company, send one to the Secretary of the
Interior, and deliver tho other to the purchaser; and
it shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Interior
to issue to such purchaser a patent for the land de-
scribed in his certificate, as in cases of land sold by
tho United States. And the name form of proceeding
shall be observed with respect to the lands certified
by the Secretary of the Interior on each succeedin&r
completed section of ten miles of the main line ot
said railroad and the branches thereof: Provided,
That no certificate of lands to such company on any
completed section after the first shall be made by th^
Secretary of tho Interior until ho shall havereceivea
a report, as aforesaid, of tho price fixed on the lanct-
certified for tho next preceding completed section 01
said railroad or branches thereof :dnd prot^f*/ur-
the.\ That the sections of land whioh shall i emain to
tho United States within the limits of'this giantsna
be sold at S2 50 per aero, to actual settlers
in quantities not greatorthan one hundred1 and nil
acres to any one person, under J SseweHrv of
restrictions as may be prescribed by tlie ieeretaiy ol
thIrcU7°"& be it farther enacted. That it shall bo
lawful for the Bray/nvilid and 3(ort Kearny K:iil-
„ ,1 or its assigns, with tho consent of
tho iegSwes of the States of Nebrnska and Mis-
41st Cong. 2d Sess.-
2T5.
