1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5329
time is an essential eleme.nt of vroalth, and we may
reasonably expect thatthe route which connects the
trade of the hast with the markets of Europe in forty
days will, it fairly fostered and protected, practically
supersede that which consumes twice that period.
The nation controlling the trade of the Bast has
always been the leading one in the commerce of the
world, looking to this as the source of national
wealth and maintaining a powerful navy for its pro-
tection. As our trade m this direction increases we
phould gradually prepare to protect it on the waters
of both oceans; and our responsibility will be largely
increased it we shall be able to open, under the aus-
pices and protection of our Government, (and we
cannot commit it to any other,) ship communication
across the great Isthmus.
" To affo ra reasonable protection to our commerce we
mu.-t have some ships able to cope with those of' other
maritime nations. Our Navy during the war assumed
larpo proportions in respect of numbers and expense,
and itwasclfectivefortheocca^ionagainstan enemy
having little naval power; but it was made up largely
of vet'sds purchased or built to meet the emergency.
A largo proportion of it was not adapted to cruising
pmpo-es, and, with the exception of the monitors,
which wore not built ns «ea-going vessels, it would
have been almost poweiless against sueli fleets of
sea-going iron-clads as either England or France
c'ouid bring into action oil the ocean or on our own
shores.
"It is the habit of every foreign nntiun making
any pictenslon to imuiiime power to keep on every
stniion one or^moro poweriul sea-going broadside
iron-clads, against the force of which om- wooden
vessels on the same station would be powerless. In
the event of a war our^hips would be u.-elessly sac-
rificed 03* obliged to lind safety in neutral pons, or,
abandoning the s-ea and leaving our commerce to its
fate, to seek on our own shores the protection o£ our
monitors and fort?.
"It is not doubted that ::ny wnr with a foreign
enemy must be a maritime one. The American
people are aecustonu d to succor on the ocean; and
1 hey would have little c;jmsp a.nd inclination to
forgive a policy which at the first sign of a foreign
war sent our Navy huiryir.ee ignomunously to our
shores.
. " Yet we have not at this time on any foreign sta-
tion a squadron whose combined fore6 would avail
for a diiy ag.iiusi the powerful sea-going iron-clad.-
whndi both I'runce and -Lnslancl have on the same
stations.
' These are not agreeable facts to contemplate or
to state, but .ifter giving the subject much investi-
gation and reflection I have felt it to be my duty to
state the truth frankly through you to the lepre-
sentatives of the people, that they may determine
how much and how prompt action the situation
requires.''
This is not pleasant language for a Secretary
of the Navy to send to Congress, and nothing
but a sense of duty would have induced him to
do it. It is truth ; it is patriotic truth, and it
becomes Congress to listen to it.
There is an economy which is the most reek-
less extravagance—that economy which seeks
to break down the Navy, which finds Usappro-
3>riate expression in a remark made by my
friend from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] that it. would
be well enough to abolish the Navy Depart-
ment and make it a bureau of the War Depart-
ment. The fault i have to find with this hill
is thai the appropriations arc not large enough:
and if I could get the ear of the Senate, if I
could convince the Senate of what I so firmly
believe, the necessity of making further pro-
vision for our naval defense, I should endeavor
to increase the appropriations ; but I know that
that would be useless. I believe the wisest
thing we could do to-day would be to make an
appropriation of $3,000,000 for live-oak tim-
ber. There are certain things in war that can
be improvised, but there are other things that
are only the result of long caro and prepara-
tion, and ship timber is one of them. Why,
sir, 'there are vessels that were built thirty
years ago that are now doing good service in
the Navy.
Mr. BRAKE. Forty and fifty years ago.
Mr. ANTHONY. Vorty and fifty years ago,
and there are vessels built at far greater cost
during the war that are now, as I was going to
pay, tooth-picks ; they are punk; and the reason
is because we were obliged to put iron plates
upon green timber. They answered as good a
purpose temporarily as vessels built of seasoned
timber, but became utterly useless in four or
five years; and this great expenditure we made
during the war. and which is now entirely use-
would all be available if in the beginning
of th*1 war we had had a sufficient supply of
ship-timber at hand.
We ought not to have a large Navy afloat.
41ST CONG. 2D SESS.— NO, 334.
The circumstances of the country do not,
perhaps, require it, and the condition of the
Treasury will not justify it; but we ought to
have the means of putting a Navy afloat at the
soonest possible moment; and the way to do
that is to prepare the materials of a Navy, the
imperishable materials, to have the live-oak
timber seasoned, to have the shops and ma-
chinery, and such iron materials as can be pre-
pared in advance, so that when war breaks out
we shall not have our materials to collect as
well as oar ships to build.
I do not suppose that I should succeed at all
in making such an amendment to the appro-
priation bill, even if it were in order. 1 see
my friend, the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations, smiles at the suggestion 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No; I was smil-
ing at the digressions of the honorable Senator
ftom the proposition before the Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. I came in after the mo-
tion was made, and I did not hear the question
stated; but I have been following the same
lino of debate r.s my predecessors in the dis-
cussion, and if I have not come very closcly
to the immediate question, I think I have not
violated the practice of the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suggest, if my
friend will pardon a suggestion, that it is a
proposition declining to allow retired officers
to be assigned to active duty.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then if I have not. vio-
lated the practice of the Senate in speaking a
little out of the immediate question, I will now
violate it by sitting down, having made a very
short speech. [Laughter.]
Mr. FOWLEJt. 1 believe the question be-
fore the Senate is simply whether retired ofli-
cers may be assigned to duty under any circum-
stances. The question has been argued very
fully, and although I agree with the Senator
from Massachusetts and the Senator from
llhode Island thatthe Navy is certainly in a
very bad condition, and I doubt not that the
position assumed by the Senator from Rhode
Island is correct, or almost so, that the best
thing that could be done would be to prepare
for rebuilding the Navy at the proper time,
and provide live oak for the purpose of build-
ing it up ; nevertheless I do not see that that
would affect the question before the Senate at
all. I do not see still why an ofticer who is
sixty-two years of age may not be very com-
petent to serve his country in almost any rela-
tion of life, or any relation to which he might
be .'issigned by the Department,; and inasmuch
as the Department is !o assign him, 1 do not,
see that there is any danger to be, apprehended j
from the assignment of persons who are en- |
tirdy inefficient, it does seem to me that this i
proviso is totally unnecessary, as the assign- !
nient of these persons will be in the discretion !
of the Department.; and tliey can be assigned ]
to duty whenever in the opinion of the Depart-
muni they should be assigned to duty. The !
prohibition certainly should not be adopted at i
the present time. j
Mr. H¥E. I judge from the debate thatthe •
question is on employing retired officers on duty, i
Mr. DRAKE. The amendment now before j
the Senate prohibits their being employed.
Mr. NYE. Upon that question I have quite
a decided opinion, and if I can make myself
understood in a word by the Senate I shall be
glad. I am opposed to that amendment en-
tirely. A few years ago the constitution of the
State of New York 
Mr. MORltlLL, of Maine. If my honorable
friend will allow me to interrupt him, his opin-
ion has been expressed by pretty much all his
colleagues on the committee 
Mr. NYE. I will sit down. I am under the
orders of the chairman on all these questions.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No; 1 do not
wish that; but 1 was only going to say this: I
greatly prefer that the amendment should be
voted down rather than to have anv further
debate upon it, and I think that is the proper
course.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is upon the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Maiae, upon which a division has
been called for.
The amendment was rejected—aygs five,
noes not counted.
Mr. DRAKE. I move to amend the bill
by inserting the following as an additional
section:
Jindbe it further emcted, That, so much of the ftret
section of the act of March 3.1853, entitled "An act
mailing appropriations for tile naval service for tho
year ending June 30,1851," as provides that the pay
of a purser when attached to or doitut duty at, tho
naval station at Oaliforniashall be$1,000 per annum,
and that he shall be allowed a clerk at a compensa-
tion not exceeding $2,000 per annum, is hereby
repealed.
The amendment was agreed to-
Mr. DRAKE. I offer another amendment,
to add as additional sections the following:
Si>:c. —. And he it. farther enacted. That there shall
be, and there is hereby, established and connected
with the Navy Departmenta board of naval survey,
to be composed of three officers of the Navy not bel ow
tile grade of rear admirals of tho line, who shall be,
a-ppointedbvthe President, with the advice and eon-
bent of the Senate, and hold their ofiiees lor the term
of three years.
8i:o. —. And be it further enacted, That it shall be
the duty oi said board of survey to examine all plans
and specifications tor the construction, equipment,
armament, and repair of all vessels of war. a.nd to
present their opinions thereon in writing to the Sec-
retary of the K avy; to revise the allowance book of
the complement, of men and equipments of vessels
of tho Navy, and to recommend such alterations and
amendments thereof, from time to time, as to them
may seem expedient.
Sec.—. And be it further enacted. That, no money
shall be expended m the construction of any vessel
of war, or any contract made for the construction or
equipment of such vessel, until all the plans, speci-
fications, drawings, and details for such vessel shall
have been first submitted to and examined by said
board of survey, and their opinion thereon had m
writin?:.
8eo. —. And be it further enacted, That if, shall 1)8
the duty of each and every commanding oUlcer afloat
to moke irom time to tunc, as he may be directed by
the Secretary of the ^hivy, full, specific, and par-
ticular ieports of the peiformanee of the vest-els
unuerthcir respectivecommaiids, togctherwith such
sn££e> t.ious and recommendations as to their equip-
ment, armament,ris,stowage, steerinsqualities, and
accommodations as they may deem proper, which
reports shall be submitted by the Secretary to the
board of survey for their examination.
Sec.—. A ral be it farther enacted. That it shall be
the duty of said board, if practicable, to make annu-
ally a personal examination of each navy-yard, sta-
tion, depot, and arsenal belonging to tho United
States and under the charge of the Navy Department,
to inijuiro into tho regulations established for the
government thereof and tho discipline maintained,
to inspect, each department of every such yard, depot,
or station, and the manner of keeping the books and
accounts, to inspect the public works, docks, wharves,
buildings, and vessels at each of said yards, depots,
stations, ar.d arsenals, and to make full reports "of
their examinations, to^etherwith their recommend-
ations. to the ^eei etary ot the Navy.
S>:o.—. And be it f nither enacted, That itsliallhe
tho duK- of the Seeict.uy of the N.ivy to detail an
oiliccr of tho Navy, r.ot below the grade of com-
mander, to act as tho seeretary of said board of survey.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think it is a
rather cool proceeding on the part of the Naval
Committee, after having put twenty or thirty
pages of general legislation upon this bill, now
to come in with ail sorts of conceivable schemes
in relation to the Navy, and propose to place
them on the bill.
Mr. DRAKE. This is the last that I have,
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Well, sir, it has
no business here. It is that sort of thing that
ought not to be put upon the naval appropri-
ation bill. It is a proposition in relation to the
Navy that nobody can tell anything about. If
the Committee on Naval Affairs know some-
thing about it, that is one thing; they ought
to bring it forward in a proper bill, and not
put it on here, in these last days of the session,
under such circumstances that it is not possi-
ble for the Committee on Appropriations!, or
anybody else, to understand what it means. I
hope my friend, after having put some twenty
or thirty solid pages of amendments on this
bill, will be content to allow this proposition
to remain off.
Mr. DRAKE. The honorable Senator from
Maine is not acquainted with this thing, or ho
would not. make the objection.
Mr. MOltRILL, of Maine. Of coarse I am
