1870,
THB COlfGBBSSIONAL GLOBE.
1553
now proposed is that every appropriation after
the lapse of one year shall go bawk into the
Treasury. j
Mr. TAFFE. Let me suggest to the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations that
the statute of limitations should not be made
to operate against parties wheu the require-
ments are such that it is impossible for them to
obey.
Mr. DAWES. For the sake of a single case
I would not want to have an exception made
to the law. I assure the gentleman that there
will be no trouble about the cose to which he
has referred. '
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. With the permission of the
committee, I would now go back to a clause
which the committee passed over. It is at
page 21, and has reference to the independent
Treasury at New York.
The Clerk read as follows:
Independent Treasury :
Office of Assistant Treasurer at New York : for
Assistant Treasurer. 33,000; for deputy assistant
treasurer, chief clerk, c erks, messengers, porters,
watchmen, and detectives, $90,000.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I move to amend by
striking out '* $90,000" and inserting " $158,-
000. " I hold in my hand a letter from the
Assistant Treasurer at New York, showing tlie
force employed by him aud the salaries they
are paid, which amount in the aggregate to
the sain I have named. The Assistant Treas-
urer says that he cannot carry on the office
with less force than he now has; and I think
any gentleman here who is acquainted with
the present incumbent of that office will be
willing to give him full credit for being equal
to the discharge of his duties, aud will be dis-
posed to rely with confidence upon his state-
ment as to what is necessary for carrying on
his office.
Mr. DAWES. I think the sub-Treasurer at
New York, a new man who has recently assumed
his duties, not only with a high reputation for
integrity, but with a disposition, I have no
doubt, to infuse new life and energy into the
office, will find after a little experience that
he can get along with what is here appropri- |
ated. The gentleman from New York [Mr. :
Hotchziss] asks for $15,000 more than the
estimate. I think he does not do sufficient jus- j
tice to the capacity of the sub-Treasurer when j
he proposes that we should not permit him to
make the experiment of how he can get along '
with economical management. I
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I think this matter is
somewhat misunderstood. The Assistant
Treasurer simply asks pay for the force he
now has, that force having been reduced to the
utmost extent within hig power since he went
into the office. He asks no increase of force
and no increase of salary, but simply that you
shall not take away from him what he is satis-
fied is necessary to constitute an effective force.
He says he cannot carry on the offiee if you do
this. If you want him to vacate his office and
to have his place again supplied by those who
left it, you can accomplish this by cutting off
his supplies. He will be obliged to vacate it.
He asks for nothingadditional; lie h is decreased
his force; he does not add to their salaries;
he simply asks that you shall pay the mea that
are absolutely necessary to transact the busi-
ness of the office. No one knows better what
is needed than the present incumbent. No
one enjoys the confidence of the public in New !
York to a greater degree than he does. He ;
has been placed in this position in order that !
we might have an honest man there. Every !
one concedes him to be honest and confides in '
him. He occupies the most important posi- j
tion in the United States short of the Presi-
dency. There is no necessity for increasing
salaries elsewhere, no necessity of adding to
the force elsewhere. Nothing of that kind is
asked here. It is simply a question whether
you will go to war on the Assistant Treasurer
in the city of New York, and deprive him of
41st Congf. 2d Sess.—No. 98.
the force necessary to transact the business
there. If you do accomplish that you accom-
plish more mischief by one blow than you
would accomplish by striking out any appro-
priation in the bill. He does not propose to
speculate in gold to pay the salaries of his
clerks.
Mr. POTTER. I desire to ask my colleague
from New York from what source he gets the
information?
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I get the information
from the Assistant Treasurer himself, who
expected to be here. I telegraphed him' to
come here, but he lies sick and is unable to
come here, and he writes the same tiling to
ine now.
Mr. POTTER. And does he say that with
the present reduced force in his office it can-
not be carried on for a less sum than you have
named?
Mr. HOTCHKISS. He gives the names of
his employes aud the salary of each.
Mr. POTTER. And he says the office can-
not be carried on for less?
Mr. HOTCHKISS. That iteannot be car-
ried on for a less sum pr with a less force.
Mr. DAWES. Two years ago we appropri-
ated $118,000 for this office, and last year
$98,000, and now the gentleman asks for this
new, efficient, honest sub-Treasurer, as I be-
lieve he is, $158,000.
Mr. POTTER. I understand that the As-
sistant Treasurer at New York says himself
that this is necessary to carry on the duties of
his office. I have known him for many years; I
have the highest confidence in his integrity and
in his judgment, and I should be governed by
anything he might state upon his own respons-
ibility in respect to the necessities of his office.
As regards the importance of the office it can-
not be overrated. The responsibilities are
beyond those which fall upon any man in any
other Department of the Government—the pe-
cuniary responsibilities I mean. For myself I
would not take the place atasalaryof $100,000
a year; and I submit that any man who is
charged with so great responsibilities ought to
have about him a force as efficient and as capa-
ble as he thinks may he necessary properly to
dispose of the duties of the office.
The question was taken on Mr. Hotchkiss's
amendment; and it was disagreed to—ayes fif-
teen, noes not counted.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent to
go back to page 15, to offer an amendment to
the paragraph relating to the superintendent's
branch of the office of the Secretary, of the
Treasury.
There was 110 objection.
The following is the paragraph :
Superintendent's branoh of the Secretary's office:
For one superintendent, $2,500; one clerk of class
four, one clerk of class one, one captain of the watch,
$1,400, one engineer, $1,200: one machinist and gas-
fitter, $1,200; one storekeeper, $1,000; thirty watch-
men, at $720 each; thirty laborers, at $720 each; five
firemen, at $600 each: seventy women as cleaners,
at $180 each; in all, $69,100.
Mr. DAWES. I move to insert after the
words "thirty, watchmen, at $720 each," the
following :
And to one of said watchmen acting as lieutenant
of watch, $230 in addition.
It will not create a new office. It will merely
give one of the watchmen acting as lieutenant
of the watch $1,000 a year instead of $720.
Tjje amendment was agreed to,
Mr. RANDALL. I offer the following as
an additional section:
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That it shall not
be lawful for any Department of the Government to
which is given tho authority to expend the appro-
priations herein made to expend any sum in excess
of such appropriations during the current year, or ;
to involve the Government in any contract for the '
future payment of money in excess of the sums herein
appropriated. !
Mr. DAWES. I believe that is the law of |
the land now. i
Mr. RANDALL. Well, they do not adhere I
to it. I want to put it in here, so that it shall I
have force and effect on every appropriation. 1
Mr. ALLISON. There ought to be no objec-
tion to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CREBS. I desire to move an amend-
ment to the paragraph appropriating money
for the salaries of the district judges of the
United States, so as to increase the amount
from $168,500 to $184,500.
The CHAIRMAN. That will require unan-
imous consent, as the committee have passed
that portion of the bill.
Mr. CREBS. I ask unanimous consent to
move the amendment I have indicated.
Mr. DAWES. I must object.
Mr. CONGER. I desire to move to amend
this bill so as to make the salaries of the First
and Second Comptrollers of the Treasury
ip4,000 each-, ihat will place them upon an
equality in that respect, while the amount to
be appropriated will not be increased.
The CHAIRMAN. No amendments to the
bill are now in order, except by unanimous
consent, unless by w,ay of addition to the bill.
Mr. KELSEY. I object to going back.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the committee
now rise and report this bill to the House,
with the amendments made thereto by the
Committee of the Whole.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose ; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, .Mr. Cessxa
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, pursuant to order of
the House, had had under consideration the
Union generally, and particularly the special
order, being House bill No. 974, making ap-
propriations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the
year ending June 30, 1871, and had directed
him to report the same back to the House with
sundry amendments, in which the concurrence
of the House was requested.
M r. DAWES. I no w call the previous ques-
tion upon this bill and the amendments re-
ported from the Committee of the Whole.
Theprevious question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. DAWES. I propose that the amend-
ments of the Committee of the Whole shall be
considered as concurred,in, except when a
separate vote, ehall .be «aWl for upon some
particular amendment.
The SPEAKER^ That will be dpne if there
is no objection.'
Mr. DAWES. I call for a separate vote
upon the amendment in regard to a branch
mint at Carson City, and I will ask to have the
vote taken by yeas and nays to-morrow morning.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask for a separate vote
upon: the amendment in regard to the bureau
of education.
Mr. CONGER. I desire to offer the amend-
ment which I proposed tp offer in ComipHtee
of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. . That cannot hie done now
except by unanimQiuf topsent as the previous
question has faeen, seconded and the main
question ordered-
Mr. KELSEY. ,1 object. .
The SPEAKER. Separate votes have been
asked for upon two amendments made in Com-
mittee of the Whole. If there is no objection
the other amendments will be regarded as
concurred in by the House.
No objection was made.
Mr. DAWES. I said I woul4 call the yeas
and nays to-morrow moruingupon the amend-
ment in reference to a branch mint at Carson
City. My reason for that was that I supposed
the gentleman from Nevada, [Mr. Fitch,] the
mover of the amendment, was absentand would
wish to be present when the vote came to be
taken. I see he is now present,
Mr. FITCH. I would prefer to have the
question taken to-morrow morning; and if
necessary to get the gentleman to consent to
that I wiU take myself out of this Hall for the
present. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. That is. pot necessary.
