3442
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
dred years, and I suppose we have just com-
menced it here.
Mr. SHERMAN. It will take two days'
debate liere now if it is gone into farther.
Mr. POMEROY. By the paper read I see
that it has been discussed for two hundred
years, aud if we commence on it now we shall
all die before we get through with it. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. COLE. It will be under discussion as
long as gold remains the currency of the world.
Mr. WILLIAMS. We might as well die in
this way as in any other. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator lrom
Nevada to the amendment of the Senator from
Oregon.
The amendment to the amendment was
disagreed to—ayes eleven, noes not counted.
Mr. COLE. I suppose there is a great deal
of reluctance to considering the subject in con-
nection with this appropriation bill.
Mr. POMEROY. That is it.
Mr. COLE. This is not a decision of the
merits of the question.
Mr. WILLIAMS. No; I am in favor of the
proposition, and will fight for it as hard as I
can ; but it is not properly here.
Mr. COLE. This is not to be regarded at
all as a decision of the merits of the question.
Mr. POMEROY. I voted against it because
I did not want to put any such legislation on
an appropriation bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment of the Senator
from Oregon.
The amendment was declared to be rejected;
there being—ayes six, noes not counted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is on the same
principle.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I give notice that when
the bill comes into the Senate I intend to re-
sist the amendments for general legislation
that have been put on this bill for the expend-
iture of millions of mosey. Whenever a prop-
osition is made to save anything, then of
course the Senate cannot consent to it.
Mr. STEWART. I believe it is in time to
call for the yeas and nays. I call for them.
Mr. WILLIAMS. You may as well wait
now until we get into the Senate.
_ Mr. STEWART. If a meritorious proposi-
tion is not to be considered after it has been
discussed this length of time* I think we ought
to know U; bat I will wait until we get into
the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I would say to
Senators that if gentlemen cannot carry their
propositions in harmony with the judgment of
the Senate I do not think it is well to threaten
what they will do on some other proposition,
and I do not believe anything will be gained
by that sort of argument.
Mr. STEWART. I do not expect to gain
anything ; but I have a right here in the Sen-
ate to allude to the inconsistency of a reason
assigned. Senators say that because this is
legislation they will not put iton the bill, when
they have been legislating on the bill for the
last week. If we are to discuss other measures
on their merits, and put them on, aud this is
ta be voted down without regard to its merits,
because it is legislation, it seems to me it is
very inconsistent, and I think I have a right
to say so.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What is the
question ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understood the Senator from Nevada to de-
mand the yeas and nays.
Mr. STEWART. I withdraw the call.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Oregon is not
agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to offer an amend-
ment, of which I have given notice, in line
thirty-four, to raise the amount appropriated
for the superintendent of the document-room
of the Senate from $1,800 to $2,160. I do that
to keep him  pon the same footing on which
the Committee on Appropriations have put the
superintendent of the folding-room. I think
these two officers have always had the same
salary ; they perform the same character of
duties, and they ought to be on the same foot-
ing.
Mr. POMEROY. I suggest to the Senator
from Ohio whether this is not an increase of
the salary of the superintendent of the docu-
ment-room ?
Mr. SHERMAN. The same remark might
be made in regard to the other proposition.
An amendment may have to be put in, rais-
ing the salary of these officers to correspond
with the appropriation made here. I do it
simply because I think'these two officers 
Mr. POMEROY. I propose to strike out
the other, and leave it where it is by law, and
then leave this on the same footing.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is another ques-
tion.
Mr. POMEROY. Because one officer has
been raised by an amendment which has not
yet received the concurrence of the Senate, it
is now proposed to move an amendment to
raise another to correspond. I can see rea-
sons why we should change the salaries of
some of our officers, but I can see no reason
for this on the ground stated by the Senator
from Ohio.
Mr. CONKLING. I understand the Sen-
ator from Ohio to say—and I do not wonder
he says it—that he moves this amendment by
way of equality and justice between these offi-
cers, the proposition being to raise the pay of
one of the same grade whose services perhaps
are in some senses no more valuable at least
than those of the officer in whose behalf he
moves. Am I right in that?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to make a sug-
gestion, though I do not mean to take issue
with the Senator from Kansas. Very likely the
whole purpose will be attained if the motion
which He announces prevails, to leave this first
officer who appears in the bill where he is now.
If, however, ne alone is to be raised, or if the
superintendent of the document-room is to be
raised, then I wish to move, as an amendment
to the amendment, to embrace one or two
other officers who I think ought to have their
pay correspondingly raised. I will not suggest
it at this moment until I see whether the Sen-
ator from Kansas will make his motion first
and let us try that. If he does not do that,
then I want two changes, which I think should
be made, which are required by justice and
equality quite as much as this change sug-
gested by the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. POMEROY. I want the Senator from
Ohio to put it on another ground. If he wants
to raise the salary of this 'officer let him put it
on the ground that it is necessary, not because
some other officer has his pay raised. If the
Senator will put it on any ground that I can
sanction I will vote for it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The facts are just these:
the superintendent of the document room, as
we know, has charge of an immense mass of
matter; he has been here twenty years, I be-
lieve ; at any rate longer than I can remember.
He is an invaluable index to all the documents,
without which a good many of us could not get
information so readily. The superintendent of
the folding-room is a gentleman who no doubt
discharges his duties well. He has charge of
the documents that are folded below. I think
if one is raised the other ought to be.
Mr. POMEROY. Does the Senator think
the one should be raised? That is all I want
to know of the chairman of the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think they should have
equal salaries. That is a question for the
Senate to decide.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have been brought in
contact a good deal, as I presume most Sena-
tors have, with the superintendent of the docu-
ment-room. He certainly is one of the most
valuable officers of this body, and he is a man
who, upon the principles on which any private
gentleman manages his business, any banker
any merchant, any manufacturer, would re-
ceive an advance in his compensation. If you
ask him for a document that was printed in
the Seventh Congress, he will bring it to you
in half an hour. He is a man of information
and experience. The Senator from Ohio very
fitly characterized him when he called him a
living index of the business of Congress.
Mr. POMEROY. If any services of that
kind are put as a reason why we should do the
thing, I will vote for it.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not mean to detract
from anything said on behalf of the superin-
tendent of the document-room, because 1 agree
in all of it. He is a very valuable man, and
ought to be treated as a meritorious officer.
Nevertheless it is perfectly obvious to all of
us, as it was to the Senator from Kansas, that
this proposition comes here now, not on account
of the merits of this officer, but because another
increase is proposed for which as yet no reason
whatever has been assigned. It has been pro-
posed for an officer who has not been referred
to specially to increase his pay by a certain
number of hundredsof dollars; and thereupon,
that there need be nothing invidious in his
favor, it is proposed to extend that same bene-
fit to another officer; and then we hear, and
hear very truly, that the last-named officer is
very meritorious.
Now, there are other meritorious officers
here, very meritorious officers ; and although
I am not in favor of an increase of salaries and
regret to see it done—regret to see it done by
the Senate and upon this appropriation bill for
special reasons—yet if it is to be done, if this
man is to be added in order that there need not
be an invidiousdiscrimination againsthim, then
I shall insist that there are others who ought
to be added in order that there need not be an
invidious discrimination against them—men
who get less pay than these, and who work
hard, and who, I think, are very meritorious
officers, and for whom an equally strong case
can be made.
As I say, I am npt in favor of an increase
of salaries generally; but to begin by saying
that we increase the salary of the superintend-
ent of the folding-room, for which as yet we
have heard no reason at all, and then that we
will increase the salary of another officer for
fear it would be invidious to him if we did not,
and then say we will stop there without con-
sidering those who may have much stronger
cases, I think will hardly do. Therefore, while
I concur most fully in all that has been said in
favor of this officer, and agree with my friend
before me, [Mr. Morton,] who said in his seat
that he ought to have a good salary, yet I say
to him that when this is done for these two
men, if there are others equally meritorious
who get much less pay, we can hardly turn
around and say we will not consider them at all.
My impression is that the safe way would
be, as suggested by the Senator from Kansas,
to stand exactly where we are. I do not un-
derstand that the officer of whom we are speak-
ing has made any complaint that his pay is not
sufficient. No doubt he would like to receive
more pay. He is a very conscientious man.
If his. pay was in truth inadequate I think he
would not hesitate to say so.
There is a consideration in that respect wh ich
certainly does not pertain to the mere folding
and wrapping up in paper of documents in the
room below ; and yet the Senate will see that
this proposition starts in the idea of increasing
the pay of the man who overlooks wrapping-
paper around documents. There is no intel-
lectuality about that, no high art of any kind.
It is laborious, but it is a mechanical business.
The Senator from Indiana [Mr. Mortox]
well directs my attention to the fact that this
does require a higher kind of service, and yet
it comes here as a secondary consideration)
