4386
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
June 13,
souri, to construct a bridge across tho Missouri river
at or near tho town of Brownville. in the county
of Nemaha, in the State of Nebraska, so as to con-
nect tho Brownville and Fort Kearny railroad with
any othor railroad terminating on the east bank of
said river, on tho same terms and subjectto thesame
restrictions as contained in the act authorizing the
construction of bridges at Quincy, Illinois, Barling-
ton, Iowa, and other places, entitled "An act to
authorize the construction of certain bridges and to
establish them as post roads," approved July 25,1866.
8, And be it further enacted, That said compa-
nies shall complete said roacls within ten years from
the passage of this act, and all lands herein granted
which may fall to the respective roads from the ini-
tial points to the point of intersection shall belong to
such company, separate and apart from such other
company; but from the point of intersection to the
western terminus of said road said companies shall
have an equal interest in lands herein granted.
Mr. TIPTON. Wherever the phrase "Brown-
ville and Fort Kearny" occurs I wish to amend
by saying "Brownville, Fort Kearny, and
Pacific." That is the name of the company.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That correction
will be made.
Mr. TIPTON. In line seven, section one,
after the word "meridian," I move to insert
" or further north than the north line of town-
ship four."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. TIPTON. I move also, in line twenty,
section two, after the word "meridian," to
insert "or further north than the north line
of township fourso as to make it consistent.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. TIPTON. In line five, section seven,
I move to erase the words "or near." That
section provides for erecting a bridge at or
near Brownville. The bluffs are at Brownville,
and that is the only place where you cau get
an embankment.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. TIPTON. Where the word " Browns-
ville" occurs there strike out the "s," so as
to read " Brownville."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That correction
will be made.
Mr. TIPTON. I move a further amend-
ment, to insert at the end of the second section:
Provided, That any lands lying within the State
of Kansas east of the one hundredth meridian, which
have been heretofore or which may hereafter during
this Congress be granted to the Central Branch Union
l\acific railroad, are hereby excepted from tho oper-
ation of this act.
The amendment to tho amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to ask a question
of the chairman of the Committee on Public
Lands. Does this bill restrict the transfers of
titles to lands opposite to the completed sec-
tions only, as the road progresses?
Mr. POMEROY. This is a copy in that re-
gard of the amendment the House has agreed j
upon ; that is. that as fast as ten miles of road
are built the lands shall be certified, and then j
they shall be open to actual settlers, and the I
actual settlers shall then have an opportunity
to buy at the average price of $2 50 an acre I
as fast as each section of ten miles is com- j
pleted. The word "conterminous" is not in I
the House amendment, and the Senator from j
Nebraska copied the House provision. We j
usually put it in, but it operates in that way i
without its being put in, because they are
obliged to make their certificates every ten
miles.
Mr. HARLAN. But would they not be able
to get certificates to land even a hundred miles
beyond the completed section?
Mr. POMEROY. I think not; but if that
is the Senator's opinion I am willingto provide
against, such a thing.
"Mr. HARLAN. I call attention to the sixth
section, and ask to have it reported by the
Secretary.
The Chief Clerk read the sixth section of
tho amendment reported by the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to strike out the
words "and mineral land" in that-section.
There are none other.
Mr. HAIILAN. 11 will do no harm to leave
it in. The road goes to Denver.
Mr. POMEROY. Very well; I will let the
words remain. I understand the section to
mean that they can only get certificates as fast
as sections of ten miles of road are completed.
If the Senator thinks that needs to be guarded
further, I would insert "and such certificates
shall only be granted conterminous with the
completed section," but it is construed in that
way a'lyhow.
Mr. HARLAN. I think it would be better
to make it conform to the rule that has been
adopted in other cases.
Mr. POMEROY. Then I move to insert
"and such certificates shall be granted only to
lands conterminous with the completed sec-
tions."
M r.II ARL AN. ' 'Lands located opposite to."
Mr. POMEROY. "Opposite to and con-
terminous with the completed sections.'' 1 move
that amendment, to come in after the word
" thereof," in the thirteenth line of the sixth
section.
Mr. HOWELL. I do not rise to debate this
question; but I will express my gratification
that the bill has a section in it which limits the
price to $2 50 an acre and opens the land for
actual settlers.
I got up, however, to give notice that I desire,
after this bill shall have been disposed of, to
have a bill of a similar character, which I tried
to get before the Senate the other night, acted
upon this morning ; and if that be impractica-
ble or impossible, then to give notice that I
shall try it this evening and to-morrow morn-
ing, and henceforth from day to day until I
get it acted upon, and to ask as a great favor
of the Senators here that they will aid me in
this effort.
Mr. THAYER. We will help you. '
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. IIARLAN. In section two, line nine,
after the word " homestead," I move to insert
the words "and preemption," which seem to
have been omitted.
Mr. TIPTON. We agree to that, of course.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment of the Committee on Public
Lands, as amended, was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
On motion of Mr. TIPTON, its title was
amended so as to read: "A bill granting lands
to aid in the construction of a railroad from
Lincoln, in the State of Nebraska, and Brown-
ville, in the State of Nebraska, to Denver, Col-
orado Territory."
IIA1LUOAD IN DAKOTA.
Mr. HOWELL. I ask the Senate to take up
Senate bill No. 566, the amendment prepared
by the Committee on Public Lands.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 566) making a grant of land to
aid in the construction of a railroad in the
Territory of Dakota.
The Committee on Public Lands reported an
amendment, to strike out all after the enacting
clause and to insert the following :
That there be, and is hereby, granted to the Dakota
Northwestern Railroad Company, a corporation
organized under and by virtue (if an act of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory of Dakota, and to
tho successors and assigns of said company, for the
purpose of aiding in the construction of the road of
said company from Yancton to the northern bound-
ary of said Territory, by the way of the valley of tho
Dakota river, every alternate section of land, desig-
nated by oild numbers, on each side of said road,
and not to exceed in the aggregate ten sections of
land on each side thereof; but in cascit shall appear
that the United States have, when the line or route
of said road is definitely located, sold any sections or
parts thereof granted as aforesaid, or that tho -right
of preemption or homestead settlemcnthas attached
to the same, or that the samo has been reserved by
the United States for any purpose whatever, then it
shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Interior to
cause to be selected, for the purposes aforesaid, from
the public lands of the United States nearest to tlie
sections above specified, so much land in alternate
sections or parts of sections designated by odd num-
bers as shall be equal to such lands as the United
States have sold, reserved, or otherwise appropri-
ated, or to which the right of homestead settlement
or preemptionhas attached as aforesaid, which lands
thus indicated by odd numbers and sections, by tho
direction of the Secretary of the Interior, shall be
held by said railroad company, its successors or as-
signs, for tho purposes and uses aforesaid : Pronuted,
That the lands so selected shall in no case be located
more than twenty miles from the line of said road;
And provided further, That the right of way through
the publie lands not hereby granted, not exceeding
two hundred feet in width, and all necessary grounds
for stations, buildings, workshops, depots, machine-
shops, switches, side-tracks, turn-tables, water sta-
tions, or any other structures required in the con-
struction and operating of said road, not exceeding
forty acres at anyone place, are hereby given to said
company or its assigns.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the lands
hereby granted are granted for tho express purpose
ot aiding in the construction of the railroad from
Yancton up the valley of the Dakota river to the north
lino of the Territory, as provided in the first section
of this act, and lor no other purpose. And the said
railroad shall be and remain a public highway for
the use of the Government of the United States, free
of all toll or other charges upon tho transportation
of any property or troops of the United States, except
such as the Secretary of War may, in his discretion,
allow.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That the lands
hereby granted shall be disposed of in the manner
following, namely: when the Governor oi said Ter-
ritory shall certify to the Secretary of the Interior
that any section of ten consecutive miles of said road
is completed in good, substantial, and workmanlike
manner, as a first-class railroad, then the Secretary
of tho Interior shall issue to said railroad company,
its successors or assigns, certificates for all tiielanus
in alternate sections or parts of sections designated
by odd numbers, situated within twenty miles ot the
road so completed and lying nearest to and Conterm-
inous with said completed section of ten miles, and
not exceeding two hundred sections, for the benefit
of the said road. When the Governor of said Terri-
tory shall certify that another section of ten consec-
utive miles shall have been completed as aforesiiid,
then the Secretary of the Interior shall issue certifi-
cates to and deliver the same to said railroad com-
pany, its successors or assigns, having or receiving
tho benefit of this grant in like manner for alike
number, and when certificates of the completion of
additional sections of ten consecutive miles of said
road are from time to time made as aforesaid, addi-
tionaf sections of iands shall be certified as aforesaid
until said road is completed, when the remainder of
the lands hereby granted shall be certified to said
road for the uses aforesaid, and for none other: Pro-
vided, That if said road is not completed within ten
years from the passage of this act thesaidlands hereby
granted and not certified shall revert to the United
States.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, Thatassoonasthe
president and secretary of said company, or like oii't-
cors of its successors aud assigns, shall file orca.use to
be filed with the Secretary of the Interior maps desig-
nating the route of said road, it shall be the duty ot'
the Secretary ot the Interior to withdraw from mar-
ket and sale or entry the surveyed iands embraced
within the prov isious ot' this act.
Sec. 5. And be itjuitker cnacted, That the lands
granted by this act shall be sold to persons desiring
to make actual settlement thereon and improvement
thereof, at such prices as will secure to said company,
its_ successors or assigns, as aforesaid, an average
price of not more than $2 50 per acre for the land
actually certified for each completed section of ten
miles of said railroad or branch thereof; and to in-
sure an enforcement of this section it shall be the
duty of the company receiving the certificates from
the Secretary of the Interior as aforesaid, for the
lands granted in aid of the construction of the first
section of ten miles of said road, and within one year
thereafter, to fix a price on each one hundred and
sixty acre tract described in said certificates, in sueh
manner and at sueh rates that the average price of
the whole amountccrtified shall not exceed $2 50 per
acre, and report the samo to the Secretary of the
interior, exposing a copy of sueh report to the pub-
lic in the office of tho secretary of such company and
in the district land office; and any person desiring to
actually settle upon and improve said land, or any
Governmentsubdivision thereof, shall have the right
to purchase, at the price so fixed, any unsold parcel
of said land upon payment of said price; and on pay-
ment therefor it shall be the duty of the secretary of
such company to make out duplicate certificate* of
the sale under the seal oi' the company, send one to
the Secretary of the Interior, and deliver the other
to the purchaser; and it shall be the duty of the Sec-
retary of the Interior to issue to such purchaser a
patent for the land described in his certificate. ;is in
cases of land sold by the United States. And the
same form of proceeding shall be observed with re-
spect to the lands certified by the Secretary of the
In terior on each succeeding completed section of ten
miles of the main line of said railroad: Provided,
That no certificate of lands to such company on any
completed section after the first shall be made by the
