2498
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
application may be made for that purpose, may
order such examination to be had before any
other officer to whom such application might
have been originally made residing in the same
district with the witness to be examined ; and
such officer shall proceed in the premises in
the same manner and with the like power as
if the order for examination had been made
by him.
It is provided by section eleven that deposi-
tions which have been lawfully taken in any suit
pending in any courtofthe United States may, in
the discretion of the court, be received in any
subsequent suits between the same parties or
those claiming under them where the same
subject-matter is in controversy.
The twelfth and last section provides that
where the witnesses, whose testimony is sought
to be perpetuated, are out of the jurisdiction
of the United States it shall be lawful for any
circuit or district court of the United States,
upon application and notice as hereinbefore
prescribed, to grant a commission to some
officer in the civil or diplomatic service of the
United States abroad to take the testimony of
such witnesses upon direct and cross-interroga-
tofies attacked to such commission for the same
purposes, and to be preserved and used in like
manner and with the same effect as the testi-
mony hereinbefore authorized to bo taken within
the United States.
Mr. PAINE. 1 wish to ask the gentleman
from New York [Mr. IMnuss] a question.
'This bill seems to be not only to provide for the
perpetuation of testimony, but also for taking
testimony in pending eases. 1 would like to know
whether the object ol the bill is to do away
with the mode of taking testimony winch now
obtains?
Mr. FERRISS. I do not know that the bill
will have that effect. It simplifies the practice
and provides for taking testimony before some
officers before whom testimony cannot by ex-
isting law now be to Ken. I do not know that
the effect will be to do away with the present
mode. The principal object of the law was to
provide for the perpetuating of testimony taken
before suit was commenced, or in eases where
any person has an interest in any matter which
is or may be the subject of suit in any court
of the United States.
Mr. PAINE. But the first case provided
for is a case where suit is actually pending.
Mr. FERRISS. Tho provision of the statute
extends to cases where suit has actually been
commenced, and also to cases whore no suit
has been commenced. It is analogous to laws
now in force inalmost every StateintheUnion.
There is scarcely a Slate but has a lawprovid-
ing for the taking of testimony not only in ex-
isting suits but before suit has been commenced.
And I believe the almost universal testimony
of the legal profession is in favor of those stat-
utes. They not only further the determination
of suits which have been commenced, but in
many cases they prevent the commencement
of actions; the parties seeing the testimony
taken and filed being satisfied with some settle-
ment without actual trial of suit.
Mr. PAINE. I have no objection to the bill
on that score. But I wish to ask one more
question. The eleventh section of this bill pro-
vides that testimony taken in one case may be
used, "in the discretion of the court," in any
subsequent action between the same parties.
It seems to me that section should be entirely
stricken out, or the words " in the discretion
of the court" should be stricken out, becausc
as the section now stands it gives no real right
to any party, but leaves it entirely in the dis-
cretion of the judge. It leaves it to the judge
to decide on his own motion whether or not
evidence taken in a pending case shall be used
in a subsequent case. It leaves a party no
solid ground upon which to stand. No party
can tell whether the evidence can bo used until
he has consulted the judge and found out his
notions upon the subject. I would therefore
suggest .that this section, or the particular
words I have referred to, should be .stricken
out.
Mr. JENOKES. Tho entire section better
be stricken out rather than modified as the
gentleman suggests, because the gentleman can
see that there may be cases between the same
parties in which the issues are different from
those in the ease in which the testimony was
originally taken, and if the court is appealed
to to allow the testimony in such oases it would
probably reject it. If they are satisfied that
the issues are substantially the same, and that
the witness has been examined upon those
issues, then in its discretion it would admit it.
It may possibly at some time save parties who
have continuous litigation, as in the case of'
patent rights or of title to real estate, the cost
of taking additional testimony.
Mr. PAINE. The language of the section
is this: "where the same subject-matter is in
controversy."
Mr. JENCKES. It may not bo the same
issue.
Mr. PAINE. The judge, in the exercise of
his discretion, is not limited to a case where
the issues are the same. This bill allows the
judge to decide that testimony taken in a pre-
vious caso may be used in a subsequent case
if the same subject-matter is in controversy.
Tho gentleman does not accomplish by this
section the object he indicates.
Mr. JENCKES. It is not to be accom-
plished except in the discretion of tho judge.
It is not a, matter of any very great conse-
quence whether this section is retained in the,
bill or not. lint it may be for the interest of
parties frequently to give the judge power to
say whether a deposition taken in a case pend-
ing shall be used in a new caso with tho same
ellect as m this caso for which it was taken.
Mr. PAINE. If the gentleman means by
this section to provide that depositions taken
in a previous case may be used in a subsequent
case when the issues aro the same, and only
then, he should say so.
Mr. JENOKES. We do not mean that.
There may bo cases where it would be a great
hardship not to allow testimony to be used even
if tho issues should not be exactly the same.
This is intended to clothe the judge with the
power to admit a deposition taken in another
case, where the ends of justice would be
furthered by so doing.
Mr. PAINE. The trouble is that tho judge
has no rule; ho is all at sea. He may decide
according to his own whim whether a deposi-
tion shall or shall not be considered as evi-
dence. It seems to me the provision would
loavo the interests and the rights of parties
entirely in the hands of the judge with no rule
to guide him in the exercise ot his discretion.
Mr. JENCKES. The gentleman might as
well say that there is no rule of decision as to
any other question arising before tho judge.
Mr. 1IOAR. It seems to me very import-
ant that this provision should be retained in
the bill. As the law now stands,where a wit-
ness, whose deposition has been taken is about
to die or about to depart beyond the roach of
the process of the court, or in a thousand other
cases which may be supposed, the party against
whom the testimony operates has only to take
a nonsuit, pay the costs, and thus deprive his
antagonist of the benefit of the testimony.
The provision embraced in this bill is similar
to that contained in the statutes of many of
the States. It simply authorizes the recep-
tion of such testimony in a subsequent suit
between the same parties touching the same
subject-matter. It must be clear that itis exceed-
ingly important that the right of a party to use
testimony which he has prepared by deposition
should not be destroyed at the election of his
antagonist. It is necessaryto lodgein the pre-
siding judge a discretion as to the reception or
rejection of such testimony; and this is no larger
discretion than that with which, from the ne-
cessity of tho case, ihe judge is clothed in the
general administration of a trial. The import-
ant question whether a continuance shall be
granted for the purpose of obtaining testimony
is likewise lodged in the discretion of tlio
judge, as are also the important questions with
reference to the amendment of the pleadings,
&e. As there may often be cases in which the
same subject-matter is technically in contro-
versy, or is put in controversy, for the purpose
of dragging in depositions which would be im-
pertinent, and which might mislead the jury
with regard to the large and substantial por-
tion of the suit, it is necessary to clothe tho
presiding judge with the power of admitting
or rejecting these depositions, as in his judg-
ment the equities of the particular case may
require. I hope, therefore, the section will be
retained as it stands.
Mr. FERRISS. I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed; it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FERRISS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADMIRALTY JUEISDICTION.
Mr. JENCKES, from the Committee on
Revision of Laws of the United States, reported
back, with an amendment, the bill (H. R. No.
1353) to regulate the exercise of the admiralty
jurisdiction of tho courts of the United States
in certain cases.
The bill was read. The first section provides
that in all cases of admiralty or maritime juris-
diction, whore the person against whom or
thing against which relief is sought, is about
to remove or be removed out of the district
within which the cause of action shall have
arisen or in which proceedings of relief aro
about to be instituted, it shall be lawful for the
libelant to make oath to his libel, and to his
belief in such intended removal of person or
property before any register in bankruptcy or
commissioner of the circuit court of the United
States within such district, and also of his be
lief that such removal will take place before
tho mesne process prescribed by the rules of
tho court in admiralty can be procured from
the clerk's office of the district court of such
district, and be served as required bylaw; and
thereupon such register or commissioner is
authorized to sign and issue to the defendant
iti such libel, or to the person having the cus-
tody of the thing against which relief is sought,
a monition forbidding such respondent to de-
part or such thing to be removed from the dis-
trict before mesne process in such cause shall
bo procured and served; and the service of
such monition may be made by the marshal of
such district or his deputy, or by any disinter-
ested person specially authorized thereto by
such register or commissioner if there be no
marshal or deputy within the county where
such monition is to be served, and such service
shall be the commencement of proceedings in
such cause.
The second section provides that if, before
the procurement and due service of the regular
mesne process in such cause, the person upon
whom such monition shall bo served shall de-
part from the judicial district within which the
cause shall be commenced, or shall remove,
or suffer to be removed therefrom the thing
against which relief is sought, or if said thing
shall be so removed in any manner, it shall be
lawful for the marshal, or liis deputy, of any
judicial district in the United States in which
such person or thing shall be found, to make
service of such mesne process, in the same
manner and with the same effect as if such
process had issued from the district court for
the district in which such service shall be made,
and like proceedings shall be had thereon, and
with like effect as if the process had issued
from the court of such district, except that the
