540
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 15,
Ho. 01? Reps.
Independence of Cuba—Mr. Willard.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
recognition of belligerency, to bring on a war
with Spain.
Our Government has also promptly and with
emphasis from the beginning of the insurrec-
tion protested against every invasion of the
rights of American citizens by Spanish author-
ities ; and generally with entire success. Three
or i'our American citizens only have been exe-
cuted by the Spanish troop3, and these, in
every instance, were supposed to be aiding the
insurgents. 1 have no tune to give detailed
instances^ of the action of our Government.
The published documents show that this action
has not only been prompt whenever occasion
has been given for it, but that protests have
been made against orders that, it was thought,
would in the luture operate to the prejudice of
citizens of the United States. No right of
Americans has been overlooked by the Admin-
istration. No American interest has failed to
receive its full measure of protection. As Mr.
Fish and the Administration have received un-
measured abuse in this debate, in former dis-
cussions, and in the newspapers, charged with
neglect of the lights and interests of our people
in Cuba, it becomes proper to say at least so
much in their defense.
Having, Air. Speaker, thus shown the state
of the insurrection in Cuba, and the action
thus far taken by this Government, 1 conic
biiofly to speak of the principal proposition
of the majority report, namely, the declaration
of neutrality, which is equivalent to a recogni-
tion of the insurgents as belligerents. Any
declaration ol ihis sort is a novelty in our prae
tice; indeed, I have not been able to find an
instance in our history of a public recognition
ol any people as belligerents. Ordinarily noth-
ing is to be done except as emergencies may
require. V, hen Hie ll.ig of a new Power appears
in our ports it becomes necessary to decide the
question of !he stains of the Power it repre-
sents ; but these questions are never decided
inadvanee. Lngland, to be sure, did make haste
to decide in advance as to the belligerency of
the rebels, but we have not yet finished our
protests against that act. Air. Seward said of
it, in a letter to Mr. Adams:
Tho United States aro still solely and oxeluMvefy
sovereign witnm tlio territories tlieyhavo lawfully
acquired and lonjc possessed, ;i:< thoy havo always
been. Thoy arc at peaco with all thoworlil, as, with
i,minimi liiut exception!*, they Imvo always been.
I hey iii'0 livunr under the; obligation f of the law of
nations una of treaties with tin-id lMtain just the
siuno now as hei eloforo. They are, of course, the
Jnoliit ol (,ie:it Jtriliun, ami Ihoj iu;-i.-.t that Oie.lt
iiiuaiu shall ionium their liiond liowjust, as s!m has
mthqito been. Croat, iiritain, by vntuo of these
relations, in :i Mia inter to panics and sections m this
country, whether (bey ,,,e loyal to the United Slates
< r not, ninl Ur'Mf ISntuin cm neither rightfully
quality f he sovereignly ot the United Stutcv, noi con-
any rights or lnteri-hta or power
<u any puriy, State, or auction 111 contravention to
flu; uijoiom:ii ,• ovrreipity ot tho i^cdiir,i.l Union.
W n,u ih now* bcun in t!n^ country i-; by no means pe-
culiar, out, 11*•(]u'_>uin nil connmocs, more frequent
even in (. reat Ihi'ain Ih.tn here, ot* an armed in-
MiirfcUon onira^ed i31 atlempiin^ to overthrow tho
roguluny constituted and established Government,
iiu'ie is, ot couru;, tho employment of foreo by the
tiovejniuertt to t)U[>pred« the msuriectiou, as every
ol her Go vmunwnt noens-sarily employs force in such
Ciihu.". l>ut these nuMdcnlb by no means conritiluto
a state of war impairing the sovereignty of the Gov-
ernment. creating hehigcrent sections, and cntitim0*
i->r<ugn State- to intervene or to act, as neutrals be-
tween them, ur in any other way to cast oft' their
r v\11 i' 1 hat ion thus f. r the moment
('Ksturbod. Any <<ihc r principle than this would bo
to resolve Government everywhere into a thing of
accident and caprice, and ulimuiMy all human
.-<>s,;-jty into a state oi perpetual war."
Mr. Adams, in his protest against that net
01 Great Biiiam, laid down this as the law : ;
" Whenever an insurrection against thoest.ibfirhcc! !
ooaTiiinvut. t.iS.es ptaco tho duty of liovernnients i
nr.. er obligations to maintain peace au-1 friendship 1
W1. h i t ;i ppears to he at first to abstaincarefullyfro; i I
ay .-.lep ibal insy have the smallest influence in
ail-'eung tne le&cut. H henevor r.tcts occur oi' which I
Jt is necessary to tn:vc notice, cither bccause they
involve tho ueci-5-iity ol prolactin? personal interests !
home, or nvoruii? <in implication in Ihcslrugg-lo I
then it appeals to be jasfc and nght to provide for
tho emergency by specific measures, precisely to tho
extent that may bo required and no further. It is,
then, facts alone, and not appearances or presump-
tions, that justify action. But even these are not to
be dealt with further than the occasion demands.
A rigid neutrality in whatever may be done is, of
course, understood."
Our Government, in its treatment of the
insurrection in Cuba, has followed strictly this
well-recognized international law; and there
is less reason to day than ever before to depart
from it.
There is besides no reason why we should
depart from it 5 at least no reason except a
desire to get us into trouble and probably Avar
with Spain. We have a large commerce in
the Gulf of Mexico, passing near the coast of
Cuba. Now, that commerce is free until it gets
within Spanish waters. With a recognition of
belligerency it can be overhauled anywhere
on the high seas by Spanish cruisers in their
search for contraband of war. This is the law
as given in Dana's Wheaton :
If tho contestis a war, all foreign citizens and offi-
cers, whether executive or judicial, aro to follow one
lino ol conduct. If it is not a war, they are to fol-
low a totally different lino, If it is a war, tho com-
missioned cruisers of both sides may stop, search
arid capturo the lorcign merchant vessel; and that
vessel must make 110 resistance, and mubt submit to
adjudication by a prize court. Ii it is not a war the
cruisers ot neither party can stop or scarch the for-
eign merchant vessel; and that vessel may resist all
attempts in that direction, and tho ehipo of war of
the f oreign State may attack and capture an v cruiser
persisting in the attempt. II it is war, foreign na-
tiopsinust await tho adjudication of prize tribunal**
It it is not war, no Midi tribunal can bo opened If
it is a wnr, the parent State may institute a blocknde
jure (tent,mm ol the imminent ports, which foreigners
must respect; but it it us not a war, foreign nations
having1 urge commercial intercom so with theeoun-
tiy wi.l not rcspeet a closing ot insurgent ports by
paper decrees only. It it is a war, the insurgent
cruisers uro to botreated by foreign citizens and otii-
eials, at sea ami in port, as lawful belligerents. If
it is not a win thoso oniisers are pirates, and may bo
tlea,te(t as snoh. it it is a war, tho rules and risks
respecting carrying contraband or dispatches or mil-
itary persons ooiue mt0 play. If it is not a war, they
,1101* •' uu 'ormR'ii jurisdiction, if it is a war
nets ot tlieinsiii-ffents. in tho way of preparation and
equipments tor hostility, may bo broaches of neu-
trality laws; winle.it it is not a war, they do not
come into that category, but into tho category of
Piracy or of crimes by municipal law."
It is with it full knowledge of this public
law, una a clear appreciation ot its application
to us as well as to the parties to the contest in
Cuba, that our Government lias thus far de-
clined to recognize a state of war as existing
111 that island. Our commerce has thus been
saved the annoying searches to which it would
otherwise have been subjected; the Cubans
have bud the same right to purchase arms and
uiiinitionsof war in this country that they could
have had it'recognized as belligerents; com-
plications, and probably war with Spain have
been avoided; and tho well-settled prineples
of international law, only leccnlly insisted on
by us in our controversy with England, have
been adhered to. But if Congress follows the
lead of the majority of the Committee on For-
eign Affairs wo shall reverse this wise policy,
and commit, ourselves to what may fairly be
called tile filibustering policy ; a policy which
never loses an opportunity to meddle with the
aflairs of oilier Governments, and is likely to
be especially fruitful in foreign wars.
Before 1 conclude I call the attention of the
House to the extraordinary spectacle presented
during this debate. On last Monday the Presi-
dent of the United States, in the exercise of
his constitutional power shkI oi his dutv under
the Constitution of the United States, sent a
message to Congress. I say in the exercise
of his constitutional power and duty under the
Constitution, because the Constitution requires
that ho .shall from time to time give to Con-
gress information oi the state of the Union, and
recommend to then-consideration such meas- j
uros as^ be shall judge necessary and expedi-
ent/' The President sent that message to us.
it was read here, and listened to with tiie utmost
attention by every gentleman in the House.
But the next day, when the questions under dis-
cussion were brought to our attention, gentle-
men on both sides of the Chamber, the polit-
ical friends of the President and his political
enemies, joined in a fierce cry against this
meddling of the Executive with the business
of Congress. Let it be understood that this
attack on the President is made bv those who
claim to be the friends of Cuba. Would it not
be well, however, for those making this attack
to bear in mind that an ex-confederate, Gen-
eral Jordan, the head and front of what there
is yet in existence of the rebellion in the island
of Cuba, has for weeks been about our lobbies,
in our retiring-rooms, holding interviews with
members there, as well as on the floor of this
House? Members have thus been approached
on the floor of the House, in the passage-ways,
at their hotels, at their residences; and not a
word of objection is raised by anybody; cer-
tainly no "friend of Cuba" objected.
Mr. BOYD. Does the gentleman object
because an ex-confederate general is now en-
gaged in a good cause?
Mr. WILLARD. I have made 110 objection
to this course of General Jordan. I am mak-
ing a contrast, the force of which, I trust, the
gentleman will see when I get through. This
ex-confederato general may bo to-day as good
a Union man as the gentleipan from Missouri
[Mr. Boyd] or anybody else; but he is not an
officer of this Government with special priv-
ileges 011 this floor, or with the constitutional
right to recommend measures for the adoption
ol Congress. Yet ho has audience with mem-
bers of the House, and a Now York newspaper
says that he has met one hundred members
and has received a rebuff from only one, and
that one was, I believe, the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoau,J vvhoml have now
in my eye. _IIe does this without one word of
protest in this Ilouse, without objection from
any gentleman on this side or the other; and
I do not make objection to it. But when the
President of the United States, in the exercise
ot his constitutional rights and duties, sees fit
to send to this House a message giving the rea-
sons for tho course he has deemed it proper to
pursue ftir&o last twenty months in relation to
affairs in Cuba, members rise hero and in tones
of loud indignation declare that he is improperly
interfering with the Congress of the United
States. Well, sir, I think he has a right to
interfere with the business of Congress to that
extent. It the agents ol Cuba, whether ex-
tebels or loyal men, whether Cubans or their
hired attorneys in this country, have liberty to
come here and attempt to influence the action
of members of the House, I think the Presi-
dent of the United States, one of the coordinate
Il?n.c 1 s thls Government, the person whose
0facial duty is it to give this House information
from time to time of the state of the country
and to recommend to Congress such measures
as he deems necessary and proper to beadopted,
has at least an equal right, and it is not in bad
taste, it is not out of character, it ought not to
be made the subject of criticism or of severe
reprehension. Democrats may for political
effect assail a Republican President for such
an act; but I am unable to see anything in it
to merit the severity of reprehension which has
been expressed here by many gentlemen on
this side of the House, or indeed of anv repre-
hension at all.
I am not objecting, Mr. Speaker, to any fair
cuticisoi of tlio positions taken by the Presi-
dent in his message. When be gives us reasons
tor any policy he pursues, those reasons uro
unquestionably open to objection or criticism.
Ir any one can show that they are unsound in
any particular, that may be a good ground why
wc should not follow them or adopt the meas-
ures he recommcnds. But, sir, it is unreason-
aule for us, in a passion because a message
1 .s i?®cn suut t0 U3_at all, to refuse to listen to
this lair, statesmanlike, able document because
