5330
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7,
not, and therefore I objeet; and the Senate is
not acquainted with it.
Mr. DRAKE.. If the honorable Senator will
accord to me a few minutes more of the patience
which has distinguished him here X will show
what it is.
Mr. MOBRILL, of Maine. I do not want to
be shown what it is. That is the very reason
I object.
Mr. DRAKE. I insist upon showing it,
then.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the honorable
Senator insists on showing it, I do not suppose
that I can resist it; but I insist upon it, that at
so late a day of the session as this, and after
so much has been put on this bill of a gen-
eral character, the Senator ought not to insist
further upon such a proposition.
Mr. DRAKE. I desire, for the information
of the Senator, and in justification of myself
before the Senate, to state why this amendment
is presented; and I ask the Senator from
Maine to hear the few words that I have to say
about it.
Last March a year ago these provisions
which I have now presented were reported by
Senator Grimes, as chairman of the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs,-from that committee, as
part of a bill which the Senate passed; and
when it got into the other House it got entan-
gled witn the line and staff controversy, and
there it has been hanging ever since. These
provisions are necessary for the good of the
Navy, and they are not new now. They were
before the Senate fifteen months ago, and were
passed by the Senate; but are now kept back
iu the House by that unfortunate controversy
between the line and the staff. Now, the
Naval Committee ask that they maybe put on
this bill in order that we may obtain some
action upon them.
The amendment was rejected—ayes four,
noes not counted.
Mr. NYE. I desire to offer an amendment.
I will inform the Senator from Maine that it is
very short, and I be^ his pardon for intruding
on this bill. It is to insert as an additional
section the following:
And be it further enacted. That the Secretary of the
Navy is authorized to use any unexpended balances
of appropriations which can be saved fi om the special
objects named, for a floating-dock upon which naval
vessels upon the southern coast of the United States
may be docked on their stations, and receive their
current necessary repairs.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the ques-
tion on the amendment, and declared that the
ayes appeared to have it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I call for a division in
order that I may say a word upon the amend-
ment.
Mr. SHERMAN. That involves an appro-
priation of $14,000,000, of all the unexpended
balances. *
Mr. TRUMBULL. Nobody knows how
much.
Mr. NYE. My friend from Ohio- is very
anxious to get all the money he can into the
Treasury, and not to spend any of it. If I
understood him correctly, he said that this
involved an expenditure of $14,000,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. It involves the transfer
of appropriations of that amount.
Mr. NYE. It is no transfer at all. Now,
Mr. President, anybody who is acquainted with
the Navy will understand that if a ship breaks
the smallest part of her machinery, for instance,
in one of the ports of Cuba, she has got to
be towed and taken to New York, the nearest
port for repairs. All that is intended by this
amendment is to build a floating-dock on the
southern coast, the cost of which cannot exceed
three quarters of a million, so that ships may
be docked and receive such current repairs, as
they are called, without the expense of towing
or steaming from there to New York. For
instance, a ship can be brought from Cuba to
Key West in fourteen or fifteen hours, or in
twenty-four hours at most, while it will take
a week to tow one to New York. Under the
present system the expense to the Department
is quadruple the amount it would cost to build
a little floating-dock that will be able to lift
these ships out of the water, where they may
receive their repairs. That is all there is of it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Will my friend allow me
to ask him whether this came from the Secre-
tary of the Navy?
Mr. NYE. It did.
Mr. SHERMAN. Well, sir, if it did I am
amazed that the Secretary of the Navy should
send such a thing here.
Mr. NYE. I hope the Secretary will notfind
that out! It would amaze him very much if
he found that the Senator was amazed at this
amendment. [Laughter.]
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish now to say 
Mr. NYE. Anything else seems to be in
order here but to say a word for the Navy.
Mr. SHERMAN. I thought the Senator was
through.
Mr. NYE. The honorable Senator goes
around pecking like a hen with a brood of
chickens, trying to pick up a penny wherever
he can, [laughter,] and he stands here like a
bull-dog against the expenditure of a penny
even where it is necessary. He is not willing
to let tea and coffee go untaxed for fear that
the Government will not have in the Treasury
$100,000,000 more than they want to use. Now,
sir, these appropriations are made, and if the
Secretary of the Navy, by close economy, can
save enough to build this floating-dock it will
be a great advantage to this country. Almost
every other nation on the earth has a floating-
dock away from its main yards ; and yet the hon-
orable Senator is amazed to think that such a
proposition could come here 1 Now, I propose
to modify the amendment by saying that the
expenditure shall not exceed $1,000,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have nothing to say in
regard to an appropriation for a floating-dock;
I do not know anything about that; but, as a
matter of course, the Senate would not vote to
appropriate $1,000,000 for a floating-dock with-
out some estimate or recommendation. But
that the Secretary of the Navy drew this amend-
ment and sent it here, notwithstanding my hon-
orable friend has said so, and I presume he
thinks so, does amaze me. What is this amend-
ment? It places in his hands $14,000,000 pre-
cisely, to build a floating-dock. Now, let me
read it. The Secretary of the Navy certainly
does not understand the manner in which these
appropriations are made or he would notaskit:
That tho Secretary of the Navy bo authorized^ to
use any unexpended balances of appropriationsiyhich
can be saved from the special objects named.
That is, the objects named in the bill; and
there are $14,000,000 appropriated  
Mr. NYE. Ihaveamended that by saying that
the expenditure shall not exceed $1,000,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 speak of the amend-
ment as it is now. I say, if the Secretary of
the Navy sent an amendment to this Senate
asking for all the unexpended balances of
appropriations for the Navy, to build a float-
ing-dock in the South, he certainly does not
understand the business of his office; and I
understand precisely what 1 am saying in say-
ing that.
Mr. NYE. The Secretary of the Navy does
not ask that. I am the father of that proposi-
tion now, and I have amended it. It is mine.
Mr. SHERMAN. But the Senator said it
was from the Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. NYE. You asked me where the idea
camc from. I said from the Secretary of the
Navy of course. I do not say that the Secre-
tary of the Navy drew it, by any means.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I withdraw all that
I have said about the Secretary of the Navy.
I do not know whether a floating dock is neces-
sary or not. The Senator knows more about
that than I do. But as a matter of course, if
it is necessary, we ought to have an estimate
of the Department. The Senator speaks of
my watching like a hen over chickens to pre-
vent the expenditure of money here. I find
it very difficult to prevent the expenditure of
money in. the Senate. That is unfortunately a
part of my duty, and I find it a very difficult
^Th e'PRE SIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Nevada.
The amendment was rejected—ayes eight,
noes not counted.
Mr. CRAGIN. I have a very small amend-
ment that I wish to offer to page 17 of the
printed amendments of the Committee on
Naval Affairs. The section now reads :
That the ohiefe of bureaus in the Navy Depart-
ment shall be entitled to tho pay of commodores on
shore duty.
I propose to add :
And after ten years' service as such, if retired by
reason of age or length of service, to the retired pay
of that grade.
I will simply say that this amendment applies
to only one man, Mr. Lenthall, in the Bureau
of Construction, who has been there for nine-
teen years, and a man who has rendered infi-
nite service to this country. If he is retired,
by this little amendment he will draw fifty per
cent, of the shore pay of a commodore. It
may happen in some future time that some
staff officer may be retired under these circum-
stances, and if it does so happen, I am sure
nobody will object to this small increase.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is the amountof
the increase ?
Mr. CRAGIN. Three hundred dollars a
year; that is all.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CRAGIN. I wish to offer one other
amendment. I do not propose to occupy any
time in debating it. It is to insert as an addi-
tional section the following:
And be it further enacted. That in addition to the
eighty-fivehundred men—seamen, ordinary seamen,
landsmens, mechanics, and boys, allowed to the Navy
by the act of Congress approved June 17,1868, there
shall bo allowed a further number, not to exceed
fifteen hundred seamen, ordinary seamen, lands-
men, mechanics, and boys.
I send to the desk a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Navy, which I ask to have read,
and then shall submit the matter to the Senate
without making any remarks on the subject.
The Chief Clerk read the following letter:
Navy Department,
Washington, April 11,1S70.
Sir : Section two of the act of June 17,1868, mak-
ing appropriations for the naval service for the fiscal
year ending June 30,18U9, enacts " that the number
of persons authorized to be enlisted into the Navy
of the United States, including seamen, ordinary
seamen, landsmen, and mechanics, and including
apprentices and boys, is hereby fixed and established
at eighty-five hundred, and no more."
You will perceive by the act referred to that per-
sons of all kinds are included in the number—sea-
men, ordinary seamen, machinists, &e„ at naval sta-
tions, in receiving-ships, in tugs at the yards, and
dispatch tugs at torpedo stations, at magazines, on
stationary store-ships in foreign ports, dispatch ves-
sels and lake service, which makes a large reduction
in the force intended for ships to bo sent oil foreign
service.
Hitherto a number of small and inefficient ves-
sels have been employed while the larger classes of
vessels were laid up. These small vessels require
but small crews, and therefore the number of men
allowed by law, although inadequate to make full
crews, was made to answer up to the present cime
Within the last year the smaller class of vessels
alluded to has been condemned as worn out and unlit
for naval purposes, and since January, 1S69, over
twenty of these vessels have been condemned as
unsafe for use at sea, necessitating the use of the
larger vessels which require larger crews and are the
only kind we have. It has been found impossible to
keep m commission the number of vessels on each
station required lor the protection of our citizens
and commerce with tho limited number of men
authorized.
I earnestly request that the act of June 17,1863,
may be so amended as to authorize fifteen hundred
more seamen, ordinary seamen, machinists, firemen,
coal-heavers, and boys. The shipment of hoys has
to be dispensed with tor the present, thus cutting olF
a future supply of active and trained sea inen for tho
Navy,
I beg to call your attention to the appropriation
asked for by the Bureau of Equipment and KecruiN
uien, which has been reduced to
^auU.UUU. Ihe increase required for fifteen hun-
dred additional men would amount to about four
hundred and fifty thousand dollars. With this in-
croase m the sum to be appropriated, although less
