1554
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
Tlie SPE AKER. The first amendment upon
which a separate vote has been demanded by
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman]
will now be reported by the Clerk.
The amendment was as follows:
After the first paragraph under the head of "De-
partment of the Interior" insert the following:
Bureau of Education:
For Commissioner of Education, $3,000; oneolcrk,
at $1,800; one clerk, at $1,600; one clerk, at $1,400;
one messenger, at $840; stationery, $600; library,
$1,000; collecting statistics and writing and compil-
ing matter for annual and special reports, $3,000;
contingencies, $1,260; in all, $14,500.
Mr. DAWES. I call for the yeas and nays
upon concurring with the Committee of the
Whole in that amendment.
Mr. ALLISON. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. DAWES. Let the yeas and nays be first
ordered upon tWs amendment.
Mr. ALLISON. That will be the first ques-
tion to-morrow morning, if we adjourn now.
Mr. DAWES. Very well.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at four o'clock p. in.) the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BURDETT: A petition of citizens
of Altona, Bates county, Missouri, praying for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. CONGER: The petition of John
Thompson and 18 others, citizens of Kensing-
ton, Michigan, for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege.
Also, the petition of H. C. Buell and 44
others, citizens of Oak Grove, Michigan, for
the same object.
Also, the petition of B. Howland and 31
others, citizens of White Lake, Michigan, for
the same object.
Also, the petition of Samuel Ooppernoll,
postmaster, and 45 others, citizens of Port
Sanilac, Michigan, for the same object.
Also, the petition of R. S. Mellen and 68
others, citizens of Richmond, Michigan, for the
same object.
Also, the petition of William W. Dean and
48 others, citizens of Green Oak, Michigan,
for the same object.
By Mr. HAY: A petition, numerously signed
by merchants of the city of Baltimore, Mary-
land, earnestly praying that the present tariff
duty on salt be reduced.
By Mr. JONES, of Kentucky: A petition
for a post route from Hillsborough, in Flem-
ing county, via Phelps's Mills, Parmer's post
office, and Gill's Mills, to Bangor, in Morgan
county, Kentucky.
By Sir. KELLEY: A memorial of the select
and common councils of the city of Philadel-
£hia, of the Franklin Institute, and of the
legislature of Pennsylvania, for the appro-
priate celebration of the centennial anniversary
of American independence, July, 1876.
By Mr. MOORE, of New Jersey: The peti-
tion of Haines & Halleck and 33 others, citi-
zens of Jersey City, New Jersey, for relief of
vessels from State and municipal exactions,
and to enconrage and foster American ship-
building.
By Mr. PACKARD: A petition of citizens
of Marmont, Marshall county, Indiana, for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. POLAND: The petition of H. W.
Bailey and others, of Newbury, Vermont, for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. RANDALL: The petition of Wart-
man & Engelman, Charles Ernst and others,
of Philadelphia, cigar manufacturers, jour-
neymen cigar-makers, and dealers in cigars,
asking for nn increase of duty on cigars.
By Mr. REEVES: The petition of James
M. Bayles & Son, J. J. Harris, Charles W.
Darling, ship builders, 61 masters of vessels,
and 144 others, seamen, shipwrights) or oth-
erwise interested in the navigation of Long
Island sound, citizens of Port Jefferson, Suf-
folk county, New York, for an appropriation
to build a breakwater on the bar off the en-
trance to the harbor of Port Jefferson, Long
Island sound.
Also, the petition of Selah Tooker, S. H.
Homan, Isaac C. Howell, 5 masters of ves-
sels, and 40 others, citizens of Mount Sinai,
Suffolk county, New York, for the same
object.
Also, the petition of David Raynor, William
Lockwood, Jonas Davis, and 15 others, owners
and masters of vessels, citizens of Stony Brook,
Suffolk county, New York, for the same object.
Also, the petition of D. B. Bayles, George
E. Hand, William Gray, and 3 others, ship-
builders, 17 masters, and 17 owners of ves-
sels, and 95 others, citizens of Setauket, Suf-
folk county, New York, for the same object.
Also, the petition of Mason & Jencks, Wil-
liam Munson, William C. Tilley, and 10 others,
vessel-owners, and 20 masters of vessels, citi-
zens of Providence, Rhode Island, for the
same object.
By Mr. SHERROD : Petitions from certain
citizens of Blount county, Alabama, praying
the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, petitions from certain citizens of Jef-
ferson county, Alabama, praying the abolition
of the franking privilege.
By Mr. SWANN: The petition of Chesnut,
Townsend & Co., and 120 other firms of the
city of Baltimore, Maryland, praying for a re-
duction of the duty on salt.
By Mr. UPSON: The petition of William
Marriott & Co., John Parkin, and Powell Tool
Company, of Cleveland, Ohio, for a reduction
of duty on steel.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 25, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, I). D.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
Mr. SHERMAN. I believe there is an
inaccuracy in the Journal in regard to taking
np the funding bill yesterday. I notice in the
Journal thatamotion to postpone it is recorded.
It was taken lip informally, and I think a mo-
tion to postpone it in the way it is recorded
might displace it. It was not my intention to
give it any advantage by its being, taken up
yesterday, or to affect it in any way.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That postpone-
ment will not affect the special character given
to it by the special order.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is all I desire to
know.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a report from the Secretary of War,
communicating, incompliance with aresolution
of the Senate of December 16,1869, informa-
tion in relation to the amount of land claimed,
held, or occupied as military reservations in
the State of Florida; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a report from
the Secretary of the Treasury, communicating,
in compliance with a resolution of the Senate
of the 14th instant, a copy of the report of the
special agents of the Treasury Department
appointed to examine the assay office in New
York and the branch mint in San Francisco,
so far as the same relate to the subject of
assaying and refining; which, on motion of
Mr. Williams, was referred to the Committee
on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a reso-
lution of the Legislature of Kansas, in favor of
the passage of an act making appropriations
of land to aid in the construction of the Pres-
ton, Salina, and Denver railroad and telegraph
line from Salina, Kansas, sonth to Preston,
Texas; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. HOWE presented a resolution of the
Wisconsin State Horticultural Society, adopted
at its recent annual session in Madison, Feb-
ruary 1-4, 1870, in favor of the encouragement
of the general planting of forest trees in our
country, and praying such action of Congress
as will place trees and plants upon the free list
in the tariff; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
He also presented three petitions of citizens
of Wisconsin, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege; which were ordered to lie
on the table.
He also presented the petition of Mrs. Mar-
garet B. Franks, the widow of Thomas L.
Franks, praying compensation for subsistence,
forage, &c., furnished to and used by the Uni-
ted States troops under Lieutenant Colonel
T. Chambers, at Fort Crawford, between No-
vember, 1816, and March, 1817, the amount
claimed being $2,165 38; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. POMEROY. I have the honor to pre-
sent a petition signed by five hundred and
twelve citizens of the State of Rhode Island
in reference to the question of suffrage, repre-
senting that there are such inequalities now as
to create dissatisfaction among the citizens of
the United States and of that State, and they ask
that this question may be settled by an act of
Congress, or by an amendment to the Consti-
tution, so that citizens, without regard to sex,
may enjoy the elective franchise. 1 move that
this petition be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY presented one hundred and
: thirty-six petitions from citizens of Minnesota
and other States of the West, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. STOCKTON. I present a large num-
ber of petitions, very numerously signed, from
ship-builders, captains, and owners of Ameri-
can vessels and citizens of the Middle States
owning or engaged in building American ves-
sels, who pray, first, for the passage of a gen-
eral law regulating the taxes upon and fixing
equal protection to taxation upon vessels of the
several States; second, for an act of Congress
allowing a drawback of the duty upon all mate-
rials used in or about the construction of ships
and vessels and their outfit and repair ; third,
for the establishment of Government store-
houses at which vessels may obtain stores less
' all duties; and fourth, for the repeal of the
' annual tonnage tax of thirty cents per ton.
I desire simply to say, in presenting these
j petitions, that the subject is one of great im-
I' portance, considering the present condition
■ of American shipping. I move that they be
! referred to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. VICKERS presented the petition of
Maria W. D. Orme, of Washington, District
of Columbia, praying for compensation for
services performed by her husband, Rezin
Orme, in the Second Auditor's office ; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented the petition of Maria W.
D. Orme, of Washington, District of Columbia,
praying compensation for property destroyed by
Federal soldiers during the late civil war; which
! was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. COLE presented a concurrent resolution
! of the Legislative Assembly of the State of
i California, asking the establishment of a mail
11 route from San Rafael, Marin county, toPeta-
!' luma, Sonoma county, California; which was
; referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
!i Post Roads.
J He also presented two petitions from citizens
of San Francisco, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege; which were ordered to
! lie on the table. . . .
j Mr. McCREERY presented the petition of
I! Baker Boyd, of Kentucky, praying for the
