1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
541
41st Cong....2d Skss. *
Admission of Georgia—Mr. Hamilton.
Ho. op Reps
it happens that the matter to which it refers
is under consideration in this House. If the
President lias any suggestions to make touching
particular measures, when could he more ap-
propriately send in such suggestions than when
those measures are under consideration?
But, Mr. Speaker, I wish to call attention to
another phase of this debate which I think
ought to arrest the attention of the House. I
mean the charges and insinuations that have
been made respecting the authorship of this
message; and if this is to be made a personal
matter, it is worth while for members of the
House to consider, before they refuse to listen
to the President's recommendation'!, how much
weight such refusal would give to the charges
made here against him. We are told by one
gentleman, who desires to break by his crit-
icism the force of that message, that the Pres-
ident did not prepare it; that he recognizes
another hand in some of the expressions of
that document, and that he believes it was writ-
ten by a person in the pay of Spain. Well,
sir, that message was not submitted to the
House except with the signature of the Presi-
dent of the United States. It was not sent
here until after he had read it and until after
he had agreed to all its positions and arguments,
and concurred in every recommendation in it.
The President is responsible for that message
in all its parts; and when it is asserted that it
was written by some person in the pay of Spain,
or an attorney for Spain, as a reason why we
should not consider it, the President of the
United States is either charged with being in
the pay of Spain, or, what is scarcely less ob-
jectionable, with being the tool of cunning men
who are in the employ of Spanish officials. I
regard the charges as little less grave than an
assertion that the President knew that this was
done in the interest of Spain by those who are
under the pay of Spain. The cause of "free
Cuba" will not be helped by such outrageous
attacks upon thePresidentof the United States.
It has also been said in this debate that the
Secretary of State, one of the highest officers
of the Government, a gentleman whose honor
is beyond reproach, a gentleman whose life is
unblemished, a gentleman who has conducted
with great ability, in my judgment, the foreign
affairs of this Government since he was placed
in his present position—it has been said that
the Secretary ot' State, in consideration of a
retainer paid to his son-in-law, has sold him-
self to Spain. That, Mr. Speaker, may be a
convenient, if not a satisfactory way of answer-
ing an argument that cannot be otherwise met.
When ieason and facts are brought before the
House which gentlemen see are unanswerable
by any logic they give the strongest evidence of
the weakness of their cause when they begin
to abuse the officials who in the performance
of their duties have so ably conducted the diffi-
cult and delicate matters connected with the
relations of this Government with foreign
Powers.
Mr. Speaker, the cause which needs such
aid on this floor, which, when failing in facts
resorts to calumny, which assails the private
and public reputation of men holding high
official trusts under this Government, denounc-
ing them as the tools of Spain and under the
control of Spanish officials,—the cause which
brings to its aid such malicious slanders as these,
and attempts to strengthen itself by assailing
the character of the highest Government offi-
cials, is only keeping up its consistency. The
Cuban republic began its existence by violat-
ing our laws. It has had from the first a base
of operations in this country, and has been
making war on Spain from the safe distance
of Washington and New York; and now its
only hope of success is in bringing our Gov-
ernment into complications with Spain and
consequently into a war with that Power. The
cause which has so often attempted to gain its
objects, not only by violating the neutrality
laws of the United States, but by violating
the laws which all honorable men everywhere
respect, might naturally be expected to en-
deavor to advance its object on this floor by
maligning and slandering men whose reputa-
tion and whose honor are above reproach.
But when it does this, is there any need that I
should ask members of the House to stop and
consider what they are asked to do; to pause
and reflect that the only result of passing the
majority resolutions will bo to bring on com-
plications with Spain and embroil us in a
foreign war ; and that Jordan and the Cuban
juntas know this, and are pressing this meas-
ure because they know it?
Now, sir, I say again, as I said in the outset,
that I do not to-day speak for Spain or Guba;
but I speak for the American Republic, for the
American people, for the well-recognized prin-
ciples of international law—principles which
have been illustrated and enforced and em-
phatically urged by our American Minister in
London and by our former Secretary of Siate
during the recent rebellion. I ask this House
not to abandon sound principles; not to start
out on a new field of danger; not to commit
this Government to-day to this intermeddling
policy ; not to begin here the business of right-
ing the wrongs of Christendom and giving aid
and comfort to any insurrection that may lift its
arm against established government anywhere
on the face of the earth.
Sir, we have enough to do to compose our
strifes at home. We have enough to do to
establish free government in this country.
There is a field wide enough for the full exer-
cise of the faculties and abilities and powers
of all of us, including my honorable friend
from Massachusetts, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs ; enough to call into
exercise our energies and all our capacities for
years to come in developing the resources of
this country, in strengthening the bonds of
this Union, in making liberty a word which
shall mean something for the people in the
South, in Louisiana, in Georgia, in South Car-
olina, in Tennessee, wherever our flag floats
at home, as well as in making it mean some-
thing in foreign lands. This is abundant reason
why v.-e should devote all our energies, all our
work, and all our capacity for work, to taking
care of our own country and our own people.
I beseech this House to-day to consider that
the Government and the future of the Ameri-
can people are in question as well as the pre-
tended government of Cuba and the future
of that people. If we take care of ourselves,
if we secure the success of our experiments ot
free government, if we consolidate our strength
in all our borders, if we make liberty and equal
rights in this land something more than a name,
if we secure their quiet enjoyment to the people
of this country, from the lakes to the Gulf and
from sea to sea, and make it entirely sure that
we shall leave them as a rich inheritance to
those who may come after ns, then we may ex-
pect that our example will yet bring all the
populations of the American continent to the
same freedom, so far as they are capable of
maintaining a government of the people.
Admission of Georgia.
SPEECH OF HON. C. II. HAMILTON,
Or FLORIDA,
Ix TIIE Horse OF IlEPKESEXTATlVE.S,
June U. 1s70,
On the bill (II. 11. Xo. 133)1 to admit the St?to of
Georgia to representation in the Cougre's of the
United State--.
Mr. HAMILTON. Mr. Speaker, I desire
to say a word before the vote is taken upon
the bill admitting Georgia to representation
in the Union. I am heart, voice, and hand
for this bill, again reported from the Committee
on Reconstruction by the honorable gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] and I
congratulate this House and the country that
it comes back to us without the dangerous,
halting amendment of the entirely too eloquent
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bixgham;] and
without, some of them, the no less manacling
amendments from the Senate. I am for this
bill for the, to me, all-sufficient, though not
for the only reason and purpose, that the
provisions of the new constitution of Georgia
may be faithfully carried out and established
by the loyal Legislature elected upon the issue
of the ratification of that instrument by the
honest, earnest, patriotic, well-intending peo-
ple of Georgia.
And to this end, sir, without any hesitating
desire or circumlocution of utterance, I trust
that this bill will be so construed and that the
constitution of Georgia will be so interpreted
that the term of office of all the officers and
members of the Legislature of that State shall
begin from the date of her admission under this
bill to an equal footing with the several States
of the Union, or, if you please, from the date
of the reorganization of their Legislature, on
the l'2tb of January last. Are we not satisfied
beyond a peradventure that tho civil govern-
ment inaugurated under the constitution of
Georgia will be a republican form of govern-
ment if that constitution, which merits all the
encomiums pronounced upon it, is faithfully
administered by honest legislation ? This Con-
gress, the present Legislature, and the loyal
people of Georgia so intend it; and the United
States is bound by solemn constitutional obli-
gation to guaranty it to them forever. And
1 ask gentlemen upon either side of this House
if there can be a more legitimate, easy, or ready
way to secure to that State such torm of gov-
ernment than that pointed out by the bill now
] under consideration ? After long and earnest
| effort tho key at last has been found in the
I determined purpose of the Government to
; apply all its power to accomplish a restored
I L nion, to direct all its force to perfect the work
, of reconstruction, and to execute in the spiut
the letter of the Constitution of the United
. States and the Declaration of Independence.
I And there is more rejoicing in the loyal_ heart
i of the South, and of the country, to-day, in
| consequence of this sublime manifestation by
: the General Government, than there was on
! the day when the vultures of slavery surreu-
! dered to the eagle of freedom at Appomattox !
! The Constitution of the United States, and
| the reconstruction acts of the Government, and
! the constitution of Georgia must be enforced
! and maintained if we have to summon again
I the physical force of the nation. I am not so
] certain that we yet shall have an alternative,
| for almost the rebels of Georgia, by their own
; free act, wanton, arrogant, violent, devilUh,
! and illegal as it was, have left us no other.
They have made the prudent aejon we are
! now taking an absolute necessity, il it is. our
I purpose to perfect the work of reconstruction,
| secure life, liberty, propeity. peace, order and
security in that section of our country in-1
emerging from the vortex of rebellion, .• i.•!
; establish the flag of our Union throughout the
| land. And this, in a peaceful way, can oniy
! be done by sustaining and upholditigj.he earn
| est and wiiiing hands of the itiends ot she Cov-
i eminent in the South, who have been struggling
j unarmed and alone ever "-'nice the <do e <>s tin*
: war against the revived rebellion, mere hos'He,
hitter, and relent!™1-* than tue first, which re-
. quired a million ot your armed hemes e! ine
i North four years to snppiess. Ouririsnds and
i coworkers in the South masl be protected and
! sustained bv the General Government ui.'d
] their new governments are fuily organised ana
i able to e.-.re for them, or the war will indeed
