1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2499
process and return of service, and all bail-
bonds, stipulations, bonds of indemnity, and
all other bonds or undertakings which may be
taken or executed in the district where the
process may be served, shall be returned to the
clerk's office of the court from which such pio-
eess shall have issued, and such court shall have
jurisdiction over the person and property so
proceeded against, and may make orders and
decrees in such cause as if its process had been
served within its jurisdiction by the marshal
thereof, or by his deputy.
The third section enacts that the clause in
the eleventh section of the act of September
24, 1789, commonly known as "the judiciary
act," declaring that "no person shall be ar-
rested in one district for trial in another in any
civil action before a circuit or district court,"
shall not be held to apply to such cases within
the admiralty and maritime jurisdiction of said
courts as are herein provided for.
The fourth section provides that if it be
necessary for the enforsement of the final
decree in any such cause in any district that
the final process shall be executed in some
other district by reason of the departure of
the person or removal of the property to such
other district after service of the monition
hereinbefore provided for, the district or cir-
cuit court issuing such final process shall have
power to order such service to be made, and
the marshal of any district in the United States,
or his deputy, to whom such process is directed,
may make service of the same. All interlocu-
tory orders and decrees may likewise be exe-
cuted in the same manner. Every marshal
or his deputy shall make service ot' any such
process, mesne or final, with the same powers
and under the same liabilities and responsi-
bilities as if such process had been issued and
directed to him by the circuit or district court
for the district for which he is appointed.
The fifth section provides that the additional
costs of the service of any such process, mesne
or final, or of the execution of any interlocu-
tory order or decree, caused by reason of the
departure of the person or removal of the
property from the district within which the
monition was served, shall in all cases be paid
by the person so departing, or by the claimant
of such property, or out of the proceeds of
such property so removed, after the service of
such monition. If such person shall return, or
the property be returned into the district where
the process is sought before service thereof,
and due notice is given of such return, in order
that service may be made within the district,
and service is thereafter made in another dis-
trict, the costs of such service are to be paid
as the court may order.
The sixth section enacts that the justices of
the Supreme Court may make further and
additional rules in admiralty, for the purpose of
regulating the jurisdiction and the service of
the processes herein created and provided for.
The amendment proposed by the committee
was read, as follows :
Snc. 7. That an act entitled "An act extending the
jurisdiction of the district courts in certain cases
upon the lakes and navigable waters connecting the
same," approved February 2j, 1845, be, and the same
is hereby, repeuied.
The amendment was agreed to.
Jlr. GRISWOLD. I wish to inquire whether
this bill contains any provision that the prose-
cutor shall give security to the party who may
be injured by the detention of a vessel, for the
damages which may be sustained in case the
prosecutor should not succeed; or is there any
provision that upon the giving of proper secur-
ity by the party interested the vessel may be
released? It seems to me that there should
be such a provision.
Mr. JBNCKES. All the subjects embraced
in the question of the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Griswold] are provided for in
existing laws and in rales established by the
Supreme Court for the practice in admiralty
cases. This bill does not propose to alter any
of those^ existing laws or the rules of the court
except in one particular; and that is in the
commencement of the suit. By the rule of
j the court now the commencement of a suit in
| admiralty is by process issuing out of the
j clerk's office of that court and under the seal of
the court ; but in States or districts where the
clerk's office is a hundred and sometimes several
hundred miles, as in the northern district of
New York, from the place where the cause of
action accrued, the vessel or other property
against which tho remedy is sought may be
removed or depart from the district before the
receipt of the process from the clerk. Tho
single idea of this bill is to authorize a prelim-
inary proceeding in the service of monition on
the party in whose custody the property is, which
shall be the commencement of proceedings in
admiralty, so that the property may not bo
withdrawn from the jurisdiction of the district
court in which tho cause of action accrued.
This has been rendered necessary, not in the
experience of the sea-board, but on tho lakes
and navigable waters in the interior, and in
consequence of the decision of the Supreme
Court of the United States, which holds that
the admiralty and maritime jurisdiction of the
United States under the Constitution extends
over all those waters ; that is, navigable waters
formerly held to be within tho admiralty juris-
diction are not those merely within the ebb
and flow of the tide, but all waters which can
be navigated; and as we all know in tho inte-
rior the cause of action may occur in one dis-
trict, and tho steamboat, if it bo a steamboat,
may depart aud be hundreds of miles off be-
fore process can bo obtained from the courts,
this bill provides that after tho monition is
served this process shall be obtained from tho
court, and that process may follow that vessel
into any district or State ; to be served by the
marshal, and of the same effect as if in the
district where the process issued; and all stip-
ulations aud every other proceeding required
by law or the rules of the court may take
place in the jurisdiction where the process was
served, and be removed to the district where
the cause of action is commenced, and where
final judgment will be rendered. It also pro-
vides that tho final process to execute the
order or decree of the court may be served in
any other district where the person or the
property may be.
Sir. GRISWOLD. I understand the same
protection is afforded to a defendant unjustly
prosecuted as by the original process.
Mr. JENOIvES. Exactly.
Mr. CONGER. I had hopes the committee
would introduce some bill which would restore
to the Slates some jurisdiction on this subject
in the subject-matter of vessels. Under the
law as it now stands any sailor or any person
to whom a vessel is indebted to the extent of
fifty ccnts or one dollar may libel it in the court
of tho United States, and by this process you
may give the monition to any vessel, the vessel
of any line of transportation, and compel that
vessel to remain wherever that monition is
given until a hearing can take place on that
process.
Mr. JENCKES. The gentleman is mistaken.
The vessel may give bond or security and leave
at once if it sees lit.
Mr. CONGEE. If I understand the bill—
and I have only had a moment to examine
it—there is no authority in this bill by which
the monition being giveu the vessel can depart
or give bail or do anything, but it will remain
subject to the provisions of the second sec-
tion.
Mr. JENCKE3. The gentleman is mis-
taken. Bond or security may be given under
the rules of theadmiralty courtas they are now.
It provides that the servicc of the monition
shall be considered us the commencement of
proceedings. It needs no new legislation on
that subject.
This is simply a monition
Mr. CONGER.
not to depart?
Mr. JENCKES. Yes, sir; that is all.
Mr. CONGER. That is an order to the
marshal to take her?
Mr. JENCKES. That is the rule in the
existing law. It directs the commencement of
proceedings on the service of the monition.
Mr. CONGER. My objection is in all these
small cases, which should not be commenced
in the United States courts, there is not only
added to the service of the monition the
cost 
Does the gentleman know
Mr. JENCKES.
what that cost is ?
Mr. CONGER.
Mr. JENCKES.
On the proceedings?
The cost is $2 50 on the
monition and service.
Mr. CONGER. There may be placed a cost
on tho proceedings of $150, as the law now
stands.
Mr. JENCKES. The gentleman is not aware
that there is a law limiting the admiralty costs
in such cases.
Mr. CONGER. I have been frequently
called upon to examine bills of costs, and to
pay them.
Mr. JENCKES. There is a statute limiting
the costs in such cases, and costs can never be
got to the amount of $150 or $100 under that
statute. That law must have been overlooked
in tho cases which the gentleman has referred to.
Mr. CONGER. It seems to me that this
bill increases the tax aud the difficulties em-
barrassing our navigation interests.
Mr. JENCKES. Not in the least. The
only additional expense is the $2 50, and by
incurring that a large amount of the expense
now required may be done away with. I call
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. JENCKES moved to reconsider the votn
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to rcconsider be laid on tho
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER.
now expired.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. CULLOM. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a
point of order.
Mr. PAINE. I also rise to a point of
order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Cullom] is recognized by tlie Chair.
Mr. CQLLOM, The point of order I wish
to make is this: that the rule limiting the
morning hour to one hour of time does not
apply-unless a motion is made to proceed to
business on the Speaker's table. I ask for
the reading of the rule.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will say a word
on the point raised by the gentleman from
Illinois and the gentleman from Wisconsin.
But, in the first place, the Clerk will read tho
fifty-first rule of the House and tho fifty-fourth
rule.
The Clerk read as follows :
"51. As soon as the Journal is read, and the un-
finished business in which, the House was engaged
at the last preceding adjournment has been disposed
ot, reports from committees shall be called for and
deposed of; in doing ^rhich the Speaker shall call
upon each standing committee in regular order, and
then upon sclcct committees; and if the Speaker
shall not get through tho call upon the committees
before the IIouso passes to other business, he shall
resume the next call where he left off."
"54. Alter one hour shall have been devoted tu
reports from committees and_ resolutions, it shall ha
m order, pending the consideration or discussion
thereof, to entertain a motion that,the Housedo now
proceed to dispose of the business on the Speaker s
table and to the orders of tho day, (January o, 1832;)
which being decided in the affirmative, tho bpcaker
shall dispose of the business on his table in tho fol-
lowing order," &o.
The morning hour has
