1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3443
induced, and induced accidentally, because in
the case of another officer an increase was pro-
posed. Now, when 1 come to compare with
the superintendent of thedocument-room«ome ;
other officers whom I shall suggest it this be
"done I think no Senator will gainsay the prop-
osition that they quite as much as he ought
to have their pay raised. Though it is ungra-
cious to interpose against any officer, I think
we ought to stand where we are at this time.
We have refused to raise other salaries; we
are going to refuse to raise other salaries ; but
if we begin we cannot stop with these two men
hy any means.
"The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amend meat of the Senator from
Ohio.
Mr. CONKLING. Is the question first on
that amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. The other has been
adopted, aud I will state that if in the Senate
either falls I am willing both should fall.
Mr. CONKLING. Suppose we first take
the question on the motion to reconsider the
amendment already adopted; will that not be
satisfactory to everybody? And if that is not
reconsidered I wish to suggest an amendmeut
myself. If it is reconsidered the Senator from
Ohio will acquiesce in that. I will move, if ,
that does not stand in the way of anybody's
convenience, to reconsider the vote by which
the other amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That can
only be done by unanimous consent, more than
two days having elapsed since the vote was
taken.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose under the rules
that cannot be done until we get into the
Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. It can be done by consent.
We can test the sense of the Senate on the
motion to reconsider. Nobody will object to
that.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not object to that.
Mr. CONKLING. Then let us do it by
consent, because if the motion to reconsider
does not prevail I want to move an amend-
ment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there any
objection to entertaining the motion to recon-
sider?
Mr. ANTHONY. I offered an amendment,
which was referred to the Committee on Ap-
propriations some days ago, affecting the com-
pensation of three officers of this body, all of
whom have been here over twenty-five years,
and I think two of them more than thirty
years. I do not like to speak of them in their
presence as I think, but I will say that I be-
lieve nobody has ever been more faithfully
served by corresponding officers than the Sen-
ate has been by these officers. They are the
Chief Clerk, the assistant doorkeeper, (whose
compensation is $400 less than the correspond-
ing officer of the House,) and the superintend-
ent of the document-room. The amendment
includes those three. There are other officers of
the Senate whose pay I should like to increase;
hot these men were here in the time of Web-
ster and Clay and Calhoun and Benton, and
enjoyed, Bome of them, and I think all of them,
their friendship and their confidence. They
have been here longer than any member of
this body; and certainly upon those principles
on which men ordinarily transact their busi-
ness the time has come when there should be
some recognition of the long and faithful ser-
vices of these men. I have put them all to-
gether. The advance proposed is very mod-
erate to each of them. And I believe that if
the same service which they have rendered to
this body had been rendered to a banking insti-
gation or an insurance office, or to a large mer-
cantile establishment, it would have secured
them a much higher rate of compensation than
they have here; but we all know there is an
attraction about public service which keeps
men here.
Mr. CONKLING. In the light of that, if
we may just take the sense of the Senate on
the question to reconsider the amendment
already agreed to, which is for neither of those
cases, and which stands on an entirely differ- i
ent footing, then, for the grounds which the !
Senator from Rhode Island has stated, I will
go with him with great pleasure for an increase
of the pay of those three officers, of whom he
shall say nothing in commendation with which
I will uot agree. But each Senator will see
now that we have commenced with a case
totally different, and which cannot stand for
one moment upon the footing which he assigns
for the officers he has named. Now, let the
sense of the Senate be taken on the motion to
reconsider the previous amendment; and that
will dispose of all other similar cases and leave
the three specifically named to stand by thein-
selves
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New York asks unanimous consent to
move to reconsider the vote on the amend-
ment by which the salary of the superintendent
of the folding-room was raised. Is there ob-
jection? The Chair hears none.
Mr. HOWARD. What is the motion?
Mr. CONKLING. Simply to take the sense
of the Senate on raising his salary.
Mr. CRAGIN. I should like to state one
or two facts in relation to that officer which
may not be known 
Mr. CONKLING. I hope the Senator does
not object to the reconsideration.
Mr. CRAGIN. No, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The questiou
now is on the reconsideration. •«
Mr. CONKLING. Let it be reconsidered.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on the amendment in relation to the
superintendent of the folding-room, which is
in lines thirty-seven and thirty-eight to strike
out $1,800 and insert $2,160.
Mr. CRAGIN. The superintendent of the
folding-room is an officer that is required to
; remain here all the time, not only while the
Senateisinsession, but during all the vacations,
for it is well known that documents are being
sent off constantly to Senators at their homes.
They are writing letters constantly to be an-
swered, for books, &c., so that this officer is
required to be here the whole time ; whereas
some of the other officers connected with the
Senate, clerks, &c., have long leaves of absence
during the summer, many of them almost the
entire vacation. This, I apprehend, was the
reason that induced the Committee on Appro-
priations to recommend an increase of this sal-
j ary. I believe that proposition will commend
itself to the attention of the Senate, and I think
i will agree with the committee in their recom-
mendation.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask the Senator whether
the superintendent of the folding-room does
not have a clerk ?
Mr. CRAGIN. NotatalL He has no clerk;
he has one messenger, who runs with books.
' He himself keeps the entire book of accounts,
; and is the principal, almost the only man in
I the office.
I Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think I ought
; to say one word explaining how it happened
that this amendment was reported by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations. We made it con-
form to the salary of the superintendent of the
folding-room of the House. I do not know
any other reason.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I apprehend that the
Senate does not fully understand the increases
of salary that are in this bill. I understand
that we, if we pass this bill as it stands, are in-
creasing very largely the salary of a number of
officers, and I think it ought ta be brought to
the attention of the Senate. We had up the
other day the case of the chief clerk of the
Navy Department, and it seems that the House
of Representatives had in their bill raised his
salary before it came here; and in the printed
text of this bill as it comes from the House
of Representatives we have raised a number
of the salaries. I will instance one. The
Sergeant-at-Arms, as the Senator from Kan-
sas says, the Sergeant-at-Arms and Doorkeeper
has by this bill $4,320 salary. By the appro-
priation last year lie had $2,400.
Mr. ANTHONY. But his perquisites are
cut off by this bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not at all.
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes they are.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us see:
Provided, That ho shall receive, directly or indi-
rectly, no fees or other compensation or emolument
whatever for performing the duties of tho office, or
in connection therewith.
That does not cut off the mail service, and is
not intended to do so. There are no fees or
perquisites connected with the office of Ser-
geant-at-Arms of the Senate, and never were,
lie gets a fee for summoning witnesses, but
that amounts to very little. The Senator from
Vermont has an official statement showing that
it does not amount to $200 a year, and never did.
Mr. CRAGIN. Allow me to correct the
Senator. I will state to the Senator that dur-
ingtheimpeachmenttrial the Sergeant-at-Arms
received several thousand dollars.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The official reports, I
think, do not show that.
Mr. HOWARD. They ought to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They ought to if he
received it, certainly. That was an extraor-
| dinaTy occasion, which is not likely to occur
again. We have a statement from the Secre-
tary of the Senate which shows exactly what
the Sergeant-at-Arms received. If the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire has that statement
I should be very glad to h&ve him refer to it.
Mr. CRAGIN. I remember approving the
bills.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the report of
the Secretary as to the amount paid shows no
such state of things.
Mr. CRAGIN. Beyond that, when the
Committee on the Conduct of the War was in
existence, the Sergeant-at-Arms received quite
large fees through all that time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from New Hampshire if the
official reports do not show what he received?
Mr. CRAGIN. I suppose they ought to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They ought to. Then
I think that would be the best source to which
to go.
Mr. CRAGIN. I can refer to them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would be very glad if
the Senator from New Hampshire would fur-
| nish a report which shows the facts. I would
ask the Senator from Vermont, who made the
t inquiry and has the facts, to state them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I had a written statement
I from the Secretary's office showing how much
the Sergeant-at-Arms for the last two years
had received beyond his regular official salary,
specifying the fees for official services, sum-
[ moning witnesses, and all that sort of thing;
! and they were absolutely trifling. They did
not amount to $100. There is the carrying
of the mails, the pay for horses, &c., which
amounts to a large sum; but the items named
i in the immediate bill before us amount to very
I little.
! Mr. HOWARD. Does that include hia fees
and mileage for summoning witnesses ?
i Mr. EDMUNDS.. Yes, sir.
, Mr. HOWARD. That must be utterly im-
I possible; for I know that the Sergeant-at-
| Arms, the predecessor of the present incum-
i bent, received thousands and thousands of
j dollars for mileage and serving subpenasupon
witnesses to bring them before committees of
inquiry of this body.
] Mr. EDMUNDS. That may be. I do not
! know how the fact is. All I know ia that the
1 official statement which I gave to the chairman
of the Committee on Contingent Expenses, for
whose purposes I obtained it, who does not
happen to he here--the official written state-
