1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4387
Secretary of the Interior until heshall have received
a report, as aforesaid, of the price fixed on the land,
certified for the next preceding completed section of
said railroad : And provided further, That any land
embraced within the grant made by this act, re-
maining unsold by the company constructing said
lino, for the period of three years after the same
shall have been certified by the Secretary of the
Interior as aforesaid, may be sold by said company
at any price not exceeding $2 50 per aero.
Sec. 6. And bait farther enacted. That the sections
an'i parts of sections of land which by such errant
, shall remain to the United States within the limits
' of this grant shall not be sold tor less than double
the minimum price of the public lands when sold;
nor shall any of said lands become subject to private
entry until the same shall have been first offered at
public sale at the increased price.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the tinitcd
States mail shall be transported on said road, under
the direction of the Post Office Department, at such
price as Congress may by law provide: Pror/uUd,
That until such price is fixed by law the Postmaster
General shall have power to fix the rate of compen-
sation.
Mr. HOWELL. In the eighth line of the
first section I wish to make an amendment to
correspond with the intention of the bill by
inserting the words "Big Sioax river via;" so
as to read, "for the purpose of aiding in the
construction of the road of said company from
Big Sioux river via Yancton." That was omit-
ted in making the report of the committee.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. HOWELL. In the twelfth line of the
first section, after the word "land,'1 I move
to insert the words "per mile;" so as to read,
"ten sections of land per mile on each side
thereof."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. HOWELL. In line thirty-one, after the
word "twenty," I move to insert "five;" so
as to read:
Provided, That the lands so selected shall in no
case be located more than twenty-five miles from the
line of said road.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to,
Mr. HOWELL. In section two, line three,
to correspond with the first amendment, I
move to insert the words "Big Sioux river
via" before "Yancton."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. HOWELL. In section four, line six, I
move to strike out the words " the surveyed;"
so as to read, "withdrawn from market and
sale or entry lands embraced within the pro-
visions of this act."
Mr. POMEROY. No lands can be with-
drawn until they are surveyed. Those words
may as well be left in.
Mr. HARLAN. But that might out out
those hereaftersurveyed; and the phraseology
is unusual. With this amendment the language
will be as usual in other cases.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection, be-
cause the land has got to be surveyed at any
rate.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN. I rise to make an inquiry
of the Senator who has this bill in charge. Is
the amendment offered by the Committee on
Public Lands as a substitute now under con-
sideration? I find here two amendments, one
"to be proposed by Mr. Pomeeoy," and the
other "by Mr. Howard." Is that a misprint?
Mr. HOWELL. That of "Mr. Howard " is
a misprint.
Mr. POMEROY. It is misprinted for
"Howell."
Mr. HOWELL. 'J'heamendment before the
Senate is the one drawn by the chairman of the
Committee on Public Lands, [Mr. Pomkkoy.]
Mr. POMEROY. Reported May 16.
Mr. THURMAN. Then I understand that
the amendment under consideration is that
reported by the Senator from Kansas.
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. "Granting land to the
Alabama and Chattanooga railroad."
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir. This is Senate
bill No. 506.
Mr. HOWELL. There was a mistake in the
printing of that other bill, by which it is num-
bered 5G6.
Mr. POMEROY. May 16 was the date of
the report.
Mr. THURMAN. I rose to call the atten-
tion of the Senator from Iowa, if he intended
to press his amendment, to a provision in it.
But that is not before the Senate, and if he
does not intend to offer it I do not wish to
occupy time with it. Does the Senator from
Iowa intend to offer his amendment'!'
Mr. HOWELL. It is already in the bill.
Mr. POMEROY. When I made the report
from the committee I embodied the principal
portion of that amendment in the report of the
committee.
Mr. HOWELL. It was in the original bill,
and it was embodied in this amendment.
Mr. THURMAN. The provision to which
I wish to call attention is in section five of the
amendment reported by the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands. That section contains some provis-
ions which certainly are a very great improve-
ment on the bills which have heretofore been
passed. They are substantially the same as
the amendment offered by the Senator from
California [Mr. Casserly] to the Northern
Pacific railroad bill, that these lands shall be
sold to actual settlers at a price that shall not
average more than $2 50 per acre. But I wish
to call attention to the proviso at the end of
that section, in these words:
And provided further. That any land embraced
within tho grant mado by this aet, remaining unsold
by the company constructing said line, for the period
of three years after the same shall have been certified
by the Secretaiyof the Interior, as aforesaid, may
be sold by said company at a price not exceeding
&2 50 per acre.
I desire to know whether or not that would
not nullify the provision in favor of actual set-
tlers unless there were some words put in it
that would prevent the inference that might be
drawn from this last proviso. It might be in-
ferred from this last proviso that if the lands
were not sold to actual settlers within three
years, then they might be sold to anybody.
Mr. POMEROY. That is the meaning of
it. It is intended that actual settlers shall
have three years after the completion of each
section to buy the lands, and if at the end of
three years there are any lands left the com-
pany may sell them at any price they have a
mind to. It is intended that at the end of
three years the company shall have either the
money or the land. That is the meaning
of it.
Mr. THURMAN. If that is the meaning
of it I should much prefer to see this last
proviso stricken out. I do not make that
motion, however, though I should desire to
see it stricken out, because I do not see the
necessity of a limitation of three years on the
sales to actual settlers.
Mr. POMKROY. There must be some
time when the company may realize, and if
actual settlers have three years after the com-
pletion of the various sections of ten miles of
road, that is a long time, I think, for thetn to
make choice of their sections. If they do not
do it, the company must haveeither the money
or the land at the end of three years.
Mr. THURMAN. On reflection, 1 move to
strike out that proviso, if it is in order; and
on that motion I wish to say a word.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is in c,rder.
The Senator from Ohio moves to strike out the
proviso to the tilth section, which he has read.
Mr. HOWELL. 1 have no serious objection j
to striking out that proviso; but I wish to call
the Senator's attention for one moment to tho
effect of it. If any of the laud, for three years
after the road is completed, shall fail to find
purchasers at ยง2 50 an aere, it will be because
the land that is left is intrinsically worthless.
All that this section does is to enable the com-
pany ^o sell those lands for what they will bring,
not to exceed $2 50 an acre. Tke proviso does
not amount to anything, and I do not care about
it one way or the other.
Mr. THURMAN. As I understand, as (his
company finishes sections of ten miles of the
road, and those are accepted by the.Govern-
ment, the Secretary of the Interior issues his
certificate, and then the company is entitled to
its lands. Then it can offer the lands for sale.
The bill proposes to give actual settlers three
years in which to purchase the lauds, and then
this proviso goes on the theory that all the lauds
will not be purchased at the end of three years
by actual-settlers, but that, though not purchased
by actual settlers, the company can then sell
the lands; that is, that the company can find
purchasers for them.
Mr. HOWELL. The company can then sell
the lands, but at a price not exceeding $2 50
an acre.
Mr. THURMAN. I understand that. Now,
if the Senator will listen to me he will see the
point of my objection, which I am just coming
to. The bill goes upon the principle of allow-
ing actual settlers three years to make their
purchases, and so far it is very well; but then
this proviso goes upon the assumption that at
the end of those three years there will be some
portions of the laud not purchased by actual
settlers. If tho company could not sell the
lands within that time there would be no neces-
sity for this proviso atajl, because it might just
as well hold them until actual settlers should
appear to purchase; but this proviso, which I
move to strike out, goes upon the theory that
although there are no actual settlers then ready
to buy, yet there will be persons willing to b^iy
who are not actual settlers. Now, who will
buy them? They will be simply land specu-
lators. That is the whole of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio will please suspend his remarks. The
morning hour has expired, and the apportion-
ment bill, by order of the Senate, is now
before the Senate.
Mr. THAYElt. I move that it be laid aside
informally, in order that we may pass this
bill. We can take a vote in a few minutes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is no certainty
about that.
Mr. THAYER. There will be no further
debate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If it is simply to take
a vote, I will give way, but for nothing else.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio is on the floor.
Mr. THAYER. Will not the Senator from
Ohio let a vote be taken ?
Mr. THURMAN. I am not going to make
any long speech on this matter, but I should
like to present my idea of it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I certainly will not eon-
sent to allow the apportionment bill to be laid
aside for anything but a vote, and I under-
stand the Senator from Kansas proposes to
debate this bill.
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir ; I never debate
anything.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If it is simply for the
purpose of taking a vote I will not object, if
it does not take five minutes.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 simply wish to say to the
Senator from Iowa that this proviso I consider
a vital part of the bill. It will injure the bill
exceedingly if it should be stricken out.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The Senator
from Illinois expresses his willingness to yield
for a vote; but the question is as to debate.
Does the Senaior from Iowa consent that the
proviso be stricken out?
Mr. HOWELL. I think I will take the
judgment, of the Senate upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio is on the floor. The Senator from
Illinois declines to allow the apportionment
hill to be passed over informally if there is to
he any debate. . ,
Mr THURMAN. I have no disposition by
: talking to delay this bill; but I do wish in
