187a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1555
rem oral of his political disabilities; which
w referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of
Marshall S. Scudder and others, citizens of
Massachusetts, in favor of giving to women
the right of suffrage in the District of Colum-
bia; which was referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia.
Mr. McDONALD presented a petition from
citizens of Arkansas, praying the abolition of
the franking privilege; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. LEWIS presented the petitions of Rich-
ard Parker, Winchester, Virginia; of Samuel
Eldridge, Norfolk county, Virginia, and of
John G. Cootes, of Rockingham county, Vir-
ginia, praying the removal of their political
disabilities ; which were referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petitions of
Benjamin Pollard, Richmond, Virginia; of
A. W. C. Nowlin, Carroll county, Virginia;
of Benjamin R. Linkins, Christiansbarg, Vir-
ginia ; of W. B. Shelor, William A. Canoaday,
and James B. Hedden, Floyd couuty, Virginia,
and of Reuben Sayers and Howe Say ere, Pu-
laski county, Virginia, praying for the removal
of their political disabilities ; which were re-
ferred to the select Committee on the Removal
of Political Disabilities.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of
Humphrey N. Gove, of Matagorda, Texas,
praying to be relieved of his political disabili-
ties ; which was referred to the select Commit-
tee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. ABBOTT presented the petition of
Thomas L. Cling man, of North Carolina, pray-
ingfor the removal of his political disabilities;
which was referred to the select Committee oa
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Asa 0. fiatmas, ad-
ministrator for the renewal of tbe letters-patent of
James A. Catting, for an improvement in composi-
te (onjor making photographic piotnres, be taken from
the files of the Senate and referred to the Committee
on Patents.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, it was
Ordertd. That the petition and papers in the ease
of A. W. Walker be taken from the files of the Sen-
ate and referred to the Committee on Claims.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 447) to incorporate the Missouri, Kan-
sas, and Texas Railway Company, reported it
with an amendment.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred a
petition of citizens of Washington praying for
the passage of an act to incorporate a hospital
for foundlings, reported a bill (S. No. 589) for
incorporating a hospital for foundlings in the
city of Washington; which was read, and passed-
to a second reading.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 580) to fix the point of junction of the
Union Pacific Railroad Company and the Cen-
tral Pacific Railroad Company, reported it with
amendments.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on Pat-
ents, to whom was referred a bill (H. R. No.
335) for the relief 9f Jeraun Atkins, submitted
an adverse report thereon; which was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. VICKERS, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
a bill (S. No. 560) to incorporate the National
Paving Company of Washington, District of
Columbia, reported it with amendments.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(8. No. 93) legalizing the locations of certain
agricultural college scrip therein designated,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
a resolution of the Legislature of the State of
California asking for the establishment of cer-
tain post offices, report it back, and ask to have
it referred to the Postmaster General.
It was so ordered.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Clarissa
Britain, administratrix of the estate of Calvin
Britain, deceased, praying payment of a bal-
ance due Calvin Britain as agent of the United
States at St. Joseph's Harbor, Michigan, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration,
the matter having been settled at the Treasury;
which was agreed to.
PRANKING PRIVILEGE PETITIONS.
The following petitions for the abolition of
the franking privilege were filed with the Sec-
retary, and ordered to lie on the table :
. By the VICE PRESIDENT: Four petitions
from citizens of various States.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion of Mr. CAMERON, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day, it
be to meet on Monday next.
Mr. ROBERTSON. The select Committee
on the Removal of Political Disabilities, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 588) to
relieve certain persons therein named from all
legal and political disabilities imposed by the
fourteenth article of amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States, and to absolve
them from taking the oath prescribed by the
act approved July 2, 1862, have instructed me
to report it back, and to ask that the commit-
tee be discharged from its further considera-
tion, and to report a new bill in lieu of it.
The bill (S. No. 596) to relieve certain per-
sons therein named from legal and political
disabilities imposed by the fourteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States,
and for other purposes, was read, and passed
to a second reading.
Mr. CASSERLY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was recommitted the
bill (S. No. 325) amendatory of an act entitled
" An act to further provide for giving effect to
the various grants of public lands to the State
of Nevada," approved June 8, 1868, reported
it with amendments.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
590) to prevent prize-fighting; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CORBETT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 591) to promote commerce among the
States, and to cheapen the transportation of
the mails ,and military and naval stores; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. OSBORN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
592) granting lands to aid in the construction
of certain railroads in the State of Florida;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the £ommittee on Public Lands, and ordered
toJoe printed.
[r Mr. HAMLIN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 594) to provide a government for the
District of Columbia; which was read twice
by its_ title, referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SCHURZ asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 595) to repeal an act entitled " An act for
the survey of grants or claims of lands," ap-
proved June 2,1862 ; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims, and ordered to be printed.
DIVISION OF TEXAS.
Mr. HOWARD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 593) to divide the State of Texas, and to
establish the Territories of Jefferson and Mat-
agorda ; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask the indulgence of the
Senate for a moment while I state very briefly
the boundaries of the several divisions pro-
posed. The bill which I have just introduced
divides the State of Texas into three parts. The
eastern portion of it, which in tbe bill is denom-
inated the Territory of Jefferson, lies to the
eastward of the river San Antonio and the
Trinity river, and contained, according to the
census of 1860, about two hundred and thirty
thousand inhabitants. West of this Territory
of Jefferson, and between San Antonio river
and Trinity river and the Colorado river of
Texas, lies what the bill denominates the State
of Texas. That portion, by the census of 1800,
contained about two hundred and fifty thou-
sand inhabitants, black and white. All to the
westward of the western boundary line of the
contemplated State of Texas is to be denom-
inated by the bill the Territory of Matagorda,
and embraces, according to the same census,
about one hundred and fifteen or one hundred
and eighteen thousand inhabitants.
It has occurred to me that the State of Texas
is so large and so unwieldy as to make it neces-
sary to divide it into two or three or even four
different parcels for the purposes of govern-
ment. At present the territory is so extensive,
I may say the people within its limits are of
such a peculiar character, that I should despair
hereafter of seeing a State government estab-
lished in that State, as now organized, that
will be competent to the protection of life and
property and all the other interests which per-
tain to a civilized, regular government.
Now is the time for ns to act upon this sub-
ject, in my judgment, if we ever act upon it.
Under the joint resolution of 1845 Congress
has power to establish four additional States
within the limits of the State of Texas. The
bill which I have introduced will constitute for
the present only one State, tbe central portion
of Texas, and two Territories. These Terri-
tories ultimately will be of course admitted as
States into equal representation in Congress
as 8uch. I merely make this statement for tho
present to explain the bill. I move that it be
referred to the Committee on Territories and
printed.
Mr. STEWART. I rise to inquire of the
Senator from Michigan what disposition he
proposes to make of the lands that formerly
belonged to the State of Texas, which corpor-
ation was dissolved ?
Mr. HOWARD. I do not know that that
is a question of very great interest now; but
I will simply say to the Senator from Nevada
that the public lands belonging to the pres-
ent State of Texas, falling within the litnits of
these Territories respectively, are to be given
to these Territories, sobject to the payment of
any debts that Texas may owe at present, and
to any futtire arrangement between the Terri-
tories and the State in reference to that debt.
Mr. STEWART. Is there a provision for
administering the lands so as to provide for
their settlement while they remain Territories?
Mr. HOWARD. There is nothing of that
sort in the bill. That is a matter for their own
legislation, or perhaps future legislation on the
part of Congress. I believe, however, that
there are no United States lands within tbe
limits of Texas.
Mr. STEWART. But it may be necessary
to provide for settlers going there.
Mr. HOWARD. That will have to be left
to the local governments.
Mr. STEWART. I make the suggestion
because I think there is very grave doubt
whether we ought to rehabilitate Texas with
that original grant of lands. The States have
generally had very poor land policies, and inas-
much as Texas, after having had her debts pakl
