2500
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
The SPEAKER. It, will be seen that there
is nothing in the rules themselves which posi-
tively limits the reports of committees to one
hour. But the provision of the fifty-fourth rule
is, that at the end of sixty minutes, an actual
hour, the privileged motion to go to business on
the Speaker's table may be made, and thereby
thcreportsfromcommittees may be interrupted;
and when that motion is made it can take any
gentleman off the floor. Then a motion can be
made to go into Committee of the Whole.
The question having been raised, the Chair
will state that the practice of the House is that
which has prevailed for some twelve or fourteen
years, ever since the Speakership of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,] or
beginning with the Speakership of Mr. Orr, of
South Carolina. The practice now limits the
report of committees on public measures to the
morning hour of Tuesday, Wednesday, and
Thursday of each week, Monday morning, as
the House well knows, being devoted to the
call of States for bills for reference and joint
resolutions; while the morning hour of Friday,
and of Saturday, if there be a session on that
day, is devoted to private business. The morn-
ing hours of the three days, Tuesday, Wednes-
day, and Thursday, are all that can be de-
voted under the present practice to business
from committees reporting public measures.
The standing and select committees of the
House are about fifty-two or fifty-three in num-
ber. Some twenty-five or twenty-seven of these
are charged with business of such importance
that each one of those committees will, on an
average, consume more than a week, allowing
for the overlapping which is generally made by
a committee reporting some important measure
at the conclusion of its second hour. Members
will observe that we do not get through, on an
average, with one committee a week. It, is
rarely that we get through more than that.
The Chair is of opinion that it is impossible
to call the committees with sufiicient rapidity
under the existing rules for the discharge of
the ordinary business of the House from those
committees.
The Chair will state what would be the prac-
tice of the House if brought back to the old
rule of fifteen years ago. And if the Chair
w1;re so instructed he would enforce that rule ;
but he would not do so without some expres-
sion on the part of the House authorizing
a change of usage. The old rule was that at
the end of sixty minutes, if a gentleman was
then occupying the floor, making reports from
a committee, a motion might bo made to go to
business on the Speaker's table, and the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means, or
the chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions, could interrupt that motion by moving to
gb into Committee of the Whole. If the House
refused to second any of those motions by a
majority, the business reported from the com-
mittee then reporting was proceeded with dur-
ing the entire day if necessary. This practice
gave the House the opportunity of deciding
whether to go on with the business of the com-
mittee which then had the floor or to proceed
to business on the Speaker's table, or to go
into Committee of the Whole. If a special
order was running in the House, a motion
would be required to proceed with the consid-
eration of that order. If that were rejected,
the committee on which the call rested in the
morning hour would, unless taken off the floor
by a majority vote in the House, hold the floor
for that day. The Chair would be glad to have
mi expression of opinion from the experienced
parliamentarians and older members of the
ilousc as to whether they consider that it
would be desirable to change back to the
former practice.
Mr. PAINE. 1 desire to make an inquiry
ot'the Chair ; whether in order to return to the
old practice it, would be necessary to change
the phraseology of any rule?
The SPEAKER. It would not. The Chair
is of opinion that the present practice of the
House, which has been the usage for the last
fifteen years, is directly in the teeth of the
phraseology of the rule. But as it has grown
up by usage to be the recognized and adopted
practice, it would not be within the province
of the Chair to change it without some expres-
sion from the members of the House.
Mr. CULLOM. I would ask whether a reso-
lution declaring it to be the sense of the House
that the former interpretation of the rule should
be that enforced by the Speaker would be
proper.
The SPEAKER. It would be in the light
of instructions to the Chair.
Mr. DAWES. It strikes me that there is a
better way. It seems to me that the experience
of the last few years renders it absolutely neces-
sary to return to the old construction of the
rule, which I understand to be in the fewest
possible words this: that what has heretofore
been considered the morning hour is simply
that the call of committees shall continue at
least one hour and as much further as the
House will tolerate it by vote. Now, the
Speaker has given notice of this old construc-
tion of the rule and of the necessity of return-
ing to it. Let the Speaker so rule after this
notice, and if any gentleman desires to appeal
from his decision that will settle the rule.
'The SPEAKER. That would be a good
way. The Chair, of course, would have no
delicacy about an appeal being taken, because
the ruling would he made in order to get the
sense of the House.
Mr. DAWES. That would be the shortest
way. A resolution would be in the form of
changing the rules. It does not seem to me
that there is any necessity of changing the rules.
But let the Speaker, having given this notice
of his desire to return to the old construction
of the rules from the apparent necessity of it,
so that no gentleman will betaken by surprise,
so rule. It'the House prefers to adhere to its
present construction they can overrule the
Speaker, and as the Chair suggests, it would
be no indelicacy to appeal.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, of course,
would not regard it as any reflection on him if
the decision should be overruled. It would be
made merely to get the sense of the House.
Mr. CULLOM. Aa this is perhaps a new
question to many members of the House it
might be well that no appeal should be taken
from the ruling of the Chair to-day and no
interruption of the regular business as we have
understood it heretofore, so that the House
may have an opportunity to consider what
ought to be its judgment and what rule it ought
to adopt—whether to go back to the rule tech-
nically as laid down in the book, or whether to
change it.
Mr. SCHENCK. As I was a member of
this House when I was more of a boy even
than 1 am now, [laughter,] I wish to fortify
the decision of the Speaker almost to its full
extent by my own recollection. The con-
struction of the rule to which it is proposed
the House shall now go back was, I am satis-
fied, the prevailing construction and usage
twenty-five years ago. I will not say how
much further back than that my recollection
extends. But I do not think the usage went
to the extent, under the construction given to
the rule to which the Speaker would carry it.
It was, as I remember, the practice when the
House was in the morning hour to consider
that that morning hour should run at least to
the end of one hour, and that then motions
might be made that would interrupt it in order
that the House might lay aside the reports of
committees, the consideration of what should
be before them in the morning hour, and pro-
ceed to public business of other characters. It
was not confined, however, as I recollect, to
a motion to go to business upon the Speaker's
table. It is true that the rule prescribes that
a motion to go to the Speaker's table may be
made at any time after the morning hour, but
there is also another rule which prescribes
that it shall be in order at any time to move
to go into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union; that is, into that one of
the two Committees of the Whole, for there
are two, to which public bills are referred.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
will allow an interruption ; we want to get at
the correct practice. The motion to go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, which the gentleman would frequently
have occasion to make, could be made at the
expiration of sixty minutes, or any time after,
provided no one was on the floor. The motion
to go to business on the Speaker's table would
only be necessary to be used in order to take
some gentleman off the floor. It would be a
sort of parliamentary fiction. It would not be
made with the intention of actually proceed-
ing to business on the Speaker's table every
day; but under the rules it is the only motion
which at the end of the morning hour can take
a gentleman who is occupying the floor from
the floor. As soon as that is made the chair-
man of the Committee on Ways and Means,
and the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations, can interpose a motion to suspend
the rules for the purpose of going, into Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. SCHENCK. Precisely. It was in order
always, when the floor could be obtained, after
the expiration of an hour of morning's busi-
ness, to move to suspend the rules for the pur-
pose of going into Committee of the Whole,
as well as to move to procecd to the consider-
ation of business on the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. Of course; the Chair has
so stated.
Mr. SCHENOK. With this further addition,
that inasmuch as it was at any time in order
to move to suspend the. rules and go into the
Committee of the Whole, it was also prescribed
that a motion to proceed to the consideration
of business upon the Speaker's table being
made, it was then in order pending that mo-
tion to move to suspend the rules for the pur-
pose of going into Committee of the Whole.
Thus it was not, in the first place, absolutely
necessary to submit a motion to proceed to the
consideration of business on the Speaker's
table, unless some member was actually occu-
pying the floor; when, after that motion was
made, the other motion, to go into Committee
of the Whole, could be made.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands it
just as the gentleman states it.
Mr. SCHENCK. The consequence of that
practice, as I recollect it, was that there was
always a scuffle, at the end of sixty minutes
of morning business, to determine whether the
business of the committees should he then laid
aside and the House should go into Committee
of the Whole or to business on the Speaker's
table; and very frequently there was quite a
struggle to determine which of the two motions
should prevail. If that is the construction to
be acted upon now, and any gentleman moves
to proceed to the consideration of business
upon the Speaker's table, I will move to sus'
pend the rules for the purpose of going into
Committee of the Whole on the special order.
The SPEAKER. The Chairwill state what
will be his practice if the House should indi-
cate its desire to return to the old construction
of the rule. If at the end of the sixty minutes
of morning-hour business no member should
be occupying the floor, the Chair would give
preference to a motion to suspend the rules
and go into Committee of the Whole over a
motion to go to business upon the Speaker's
fable. But if any member should be occupy-
ing the floor, a motion to go to business upon
the Speaker's table would be necessary in order
to take him from the floor.
Mr. SCHENCK. That was the old practice.
Mr. KELLEY. It has been suggested that
the present practice under the rule should be
