244
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
ohi'stcr. Wood, juhI Woodward- 4 .
NAYS—M^rs. Allison, Ani!>)or, Armstrong, Ar-
noi 'iV'^c,i'' • Ix'iiuian, Uoatty,Benjamin, Bon-
11 cm tun, Hill. Jfo?o il00|)0f, Ilotchlihs,' YnffOrsoYl!
Jonc A loxancloi;U . Jones, Judrt, Kellogg, Kelscy,
Ivotoliaiii, Ivnnpi), Lullin, Lasli, L-twrcnce. Loaran,
J'<)Uffljn(i<r(\MayMaHLjrcCnrthy,x>IcCraryfMnGl:Gir.
-Mcrcur. hluikiii U.Moore, Jessie H.Moore, William
Moore, Ihimci J. Moi rell, Samuol P. Morrill. Mver*
Nogles 0 Nf'ill. Orth Packard, Packer, Paino.'Pal-
t? Is* \ Tomeroy, Proper, Eo-
ge!V A°SS' fai!i°.rd- Sawyer, Schcnck,
hthrt \ 5hl-lViS\v'ln"C Ai Slioldon, Porter Sheldon,
Smitl w!n- « a'" J-e.S,nUh Wor^ net«n C.
Senate hill No, 281, entitled" An act to promote the
reconstruction of the State of Georgia," and that at
four o'clock p. m. of this day, or as soon thereafter as
possible, the House shall without dilatory motion
proceed to vote on the passage of the same.
Mr. WOOD. The gentleman proposes to
allow only one houraud a half for debate upon
this important bill.
The SPEAKER. A motion to suspend the
rules is not debatable.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the House
now adjourn.
The question was taken ; and upon adivision
t.hcvo were—ayes 41, noes 06.
Before tho result, of the vote was announced,
Mr. ELDRIDGE called for the yeas and nays
on the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that when the
House adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on the
day after to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. The Chair declines to
entertain the motion. The gentleman has no
right to malce it, under the rules.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I take an appeal from
the decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will call the
roll.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, am I not
entitled to take an appeal from the decision of
the Chair?
The SPEAKER. In order that there may
be no misunderstanding about this question
the Chair will ask the Clerk to read the rule of
tho House bearing upon the matter.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Ponding a motion to suspend tho rules the
.Speaker may entertain one motion that tho Itouso
do now adjourn: but nftor the result thereon u an- i
nounccd ho shall not entertain any other dilatory :
motion till tho vote is taken on suspension." I
The SPEAKER. Tho Clerk will call the
roll.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. r take an appeal from j
the decision of tho Chair. '
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will call the ;
roll. I
The question being taken on tho motion to 1
adjourn, it was decided in the negative—veas
44, nays 11!), not voting 48; as follows:
William Smyth, Starkweather. Stevens,
Ktokr?, Rtoushton. Strieiannd. StVonrTaffe.Tan-
ner. townsenil Iwichdl, Tyner, Upton, Vnn Horn
Wnnns^n^
XOT VOTING -- Messrs. Adams Ames, TSatfks
Barnaul. Benton. Blair, Gcorso Jl! Brooks. .TanSs
rich, Morrissey,
So the House refused to adjourn.
.UESS.tftEF7tO.il t/rKSKJJATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had'
passed, ivitiioutamendtnent.jointresoliition (H
. N°- <7) disapproving of a contract for leas-
ing the custom-house block in San Francisco.
reconstruction 01? georgia.
The question recurred on the resolution of
Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker 
Mr. COX. I beg the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts to listen to me for one moment. There
is a large body of us on this side of the House
who are anxious to debate this bill and think
that debate is more important than dilatory
motions. If, therefore, the gentleman ^will
modify his motion so as to give us full liberty
of debate until to-morrow at three or four
o'clock—if he will fix some time to-morrow
for the vote—I think there will no difficulty on
this side of the House, at least so far as regards
a large number of members.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr. Speak-
er, I should be content to modify the resolu-
tion which I have offered so as to provide for
taking the vote at three o' clock to-morrow with-
out dilatory motions. I understand my friends
on this side do not much care about indulging
in debate, so that the discussion will be sub-
stantially in the hands of gentlemen on the
other side. If the resolution can be passed in
a modified form so as to provide that after the
vote on the passage of the bill or on its post-
ponement—because my friend from Ohio [Mr.
Bikoiiam] wants to submit that motion 
Mr. BINGHAM. I wish to say also, with
the gentleman's consent, that if the motion to
postpone should fail, I shall ask leave to move
an amendment to this bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Ah! Iam
i not at liberty.
i Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman allow
; me to ask him a question?
i Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Has this bill been printed
t and laid upon the desks of members?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I understand that it has
been distributed or that it is now being distrib-
uted for the first time, and that no one has had
an opportunity to see this bill until this morn-
ing. Is not that so ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I want to
say to tho gentleman from Wisconsin and the
House that the majority of the Committee on
Reconstruction desired to have thisbill debated
until three o'clock to-morrow, and then voted
on without dilatory motions. If that can be
understood I wish to give three fourths of the
time, so far as I am concerned, to my friends
on the other side. I will modify my motion by
saying that the vote shall be taken to-morrow
at three o'clock p. m.
Mr. WOOD. If the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts will permit, me, I should like to
know what he comprehends in the definition
of "dilatory motions ?" So far as we are con-
cerned we are not disposed to offer factious
opposition to this or any other measure ; but,
sir, we do feel the magnitude of the proposi-
tion contained in this bill to be of that char-
acter that we are obliged to resist its passage
by every proper parliamentary method. If
the Speaker will take the same view of what
constitutes a dilatory motion as his predeces-
sor then we might have grave differences of
opinion as to what it really was. We shall
oppose this measure, so far as we feel justified,
step by step in its progresSlo its passage, which
we know we cannot prevent. I for one shall
reserve the right to make every opposition to
this measure I shall deem right.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then I
call for the vote on my motion as it is.
'I he SPEAKER. The Chair wishes to make
a single remark.
Mr. COX. Does the gentleman modify his
motion ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Not after
the threat from the gentleman from New York.
Mr. WOOD. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts has certainly misunderstood me, for
he misrepresents me. I have made no threat.
only declared that we should be compelled
to oppose this measure in every proper legiti-
mate parliamentary way. There is 110 threat
in that.
Mr. VOORHEES. Mr. Speaker, I wish to
say this: so far as I am concerned my con-
duct in regard to delay in this House will be
governed by the desire shown to accord fair
and fall debate; no more. Constituted as this
House is, I know the power of the majority,
and that a measure can never be prevented
from passing by a resort to means properly
denominated as dilatory motions. I have seen
members of this House resort frequently, and
properly, in my judgment, in years gone by, to
dilatory motions for the purpose of obtaining
fair discussion of pending bills; and I shall
feel myself at liberty to do that on this or
any other measure, but no further, to secure
full and fair debate. And so far as I am con-
cerned I wish to say to my friends on this side
of the House, as well as to the other side, that
it would be far more profitable to the country
and ourselves to occupy time in exposing the
features of this bill, if they are wrong, than in
consuming it in dilatory motions. For that
reason I shall support the suggestions of my
friend from New York, [Mr. Cox; ] and if the
gentleman from Massachusetts will modify his
motion so as to take the vote to-morrow at
three or four o'clock, so far as Iam concerned
there will be no dilatory motion after that time.
The SPEAKER. In response to the remark
which fell from thegentleman from New York
[Mr. Wood] touching the Chair's construction
of the rule, the Clerk will first read the rule
adopted 25th February, 1868.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Pending the motion to suspend the rules the
Speaker may entertain one motion that tho House
do now adjourn, but after the result thereon is
announced, he shall not entertain any other dilatory
motion until alter the vote is taken."
The SPEAKER. That rule is so perfectly
plain that there can be no difference of con-
struction. Not only that, it has had construction
more than once, indeed at every session since
its adoption, such as has been given to it bv
the Chair.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to make a sugges-
tion in reference to that rule. I attempted to
take an appeal from the decision of the Chair,
which I think I was entitled to take. I did
it with no disrespect to the Chair. But I do
understand that rule to allow of a motion,
when the House adjourns, to fix the time to
which it will adjourn; and that motion 1 un-
derstand to precede the motion to adjourn. I
hope the Chair in applying that rule will
reconsider its judgment; for I believe every
parliamentary body has the right to fix the time
to which it will adjourn when it determines to
adjourn. It was upon that I desired to take
the opinion of the House, and I think the Chair
should have allowed an appeal from its decision.
• SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
it has-been several times ruled that pending
a motion to suspend the rules an appeal from
a decision by the Chair is in the nature of a
dilatory motion; for if the right of appeal
r i, j e ree°gnized this could be immediately
followed by a gentleman asking to be excused
from voting, which the Chair might decline to
grant, and another appeal might follow on that,
and m this way the whole power of parlia-
mentary delay might, be open to a minority.
It was in that view that the rule was adopted,
and_ without expressing anv opinion on the
merits or demerits of the rule, it is simply the
duty of the Chair to enforce it as he finds it.
i he question is on the motion of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] for the
suspension of the rules.
-^e^ore tbat motion is put will
the Chair allow me to make a suggestion ? In
making it I speak for myself alone. It is per-
tectly obvious from the vote just taken that the
majority of this House intend to take up and
vote upon this Georgia, bill in some form or
other at some time or other before the rccess.
regard it as of far more importance that this
