542
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 29,
Ho. of Reps.
National Currency~—Mr. Garjidd.
41st Cono....2x> Sess.
have proved a failure and treason triumphant
i« the end.
Mr. Speaker, doesit not occur with full, with
startling force to your observation that no legis-
lation has yet been had under their new con-
stitution, because by an arbitrary, dangerous,
and revolutionary proceeding on the part of
the enemies, the old enemies, of popular gov-
ernment in the South, in defiance of their own
constitution, in defiance of the unmistakable
purport of the reconstruction laws of this Con-
gress, in arrogant defiance of the Government
itself, by their wanton expulsion of eligible
and the admission in their stead to seats in the
Legislature of ineligible members, the Legisla-
ture was rendered au illegal body, and Georgia
was thus deprived of the needful legislation lor
the administration of the civil government pro-
vided in her embryo constitution? And be-
cause of these painful and outrageous facts, as
far as our action to-day in reference to Geor
gia is concerned, I care no more what her rela-
tion toward the U-nion now is or has been since
the passiige of the act of June, 1808? than I
do what it. was from the time of her adoption
of tin; ordinance of secession up to that date
Was their arbitrary and revolutionary act of
overthrowing the Legislature of Georgia any
less ciiminal, revolutionary, or dangerous llian
was her attempted secession irom the UnionV
Does it place Georgia in any different, attitude
toward the country? As far as our right to do
this legislative act is concerned, Georgia sus
tains the same relation toward the General
Government to-day that, she did when treason-
able rebellion,like u. direful simoom,swept over
our land lapping up tile life-blood ol I he nation.
It is all the same, both as regards our right to
adopt the wise and piudenlial measures now
proposed, or the necessity lorthisfurther legis-
lation on the pait, of Congress, And we dare
not fahei at constitutional quibbles or legal
technicalities, lor we derive I Ins authority, if
need be, Irom a power greater than the Con-
stitution, higher than law, a greater than both,
(hough in violation of neither—from that abso-
lute and inexorable master, necessity—neces-
sity of national defense and preservation.
Mr. ■Speaker, unless the present Legislature
of Georgia, whose sympathies we know to be
in unison with our free institutions and in har-
mony with the congressional policy of recon-
struction and the advancing spirit of the age—-
and who dare assure us that this will be so
of the Mieeeeding Legislature, if an untimely
election is held this lull, controlled by rebel
bullets and Kuklux steel?—-unless the present
Legislatuie is permitted to ordain and admin-
ister the constitution framed and adopted by
the well-intending people there, and already
approved bv this Congress, there will be no
more hope lor the blessings of republican gov-
ernment, in Georgia hereafter than there was
heretofore under the tyrant reign of slavery
and rebellion. We dare not close our eyes to
the fact of the necessity of continuing this
Legislature, and I demand that it shall exist
for the term for which the popular voice of
that, State created it. In the natne of outraged
loyalty and pleading justice, 1 demand that that
Legislatuie shall have its constitutional exist-
ence for the allotted two years, so that it may
enact the necessary laws for the protection of
all the people and the welfare of the inhab-
itants and for the perpetuation of the repub-
lican government they have inaugurated there
amid such trial, dangers, and horrors as have
startled the enlightened world.
1 repeat, sir, that unless you permit the
friends of Republicanism in Georgia—and it is
evident uho they are, for, by the grace of God
and the American Congress, they are in power
theie to-day—unless you permit them to estab-
lish that form of governmentthoreby the legiti-
mate means provided by their constitution,
dependent entirely for enforcement upon im-
mediate consonant legislation, which it is the
object of this bill to secure; unless you thus
aid them to insure to themselves and to their
posterity equal rights and free institutions, with
the power to protect and maintain them, the
glorious governmental fabric erected by your
reconstruction, not only in Georgia, but in all
the late rebel, still rebellious .States, will totter
and tumble to the earth over the graves of five
hundred thousand of our countrymen, who
have given us the power we possess to day to
make the principles and the Government for
which they died live forever, a reproach to
American statesmansliipand an outrage to this
nation of free government,. The question is
not, sir, whether the Republican party, or the
party in power in Geoigia to-day, shall con-
tinue for the term for which they were elected,
but it is, sir, whether the United States shall
guaranty to that, State a republican form of
government. That word t£ guaranty" in the
Constitution has a present and an eternal appli-
cation.
National Currency
SPEECH OF HON. J. A GA.RFIKLD,
of onto,
In tiik IIoraK op Ukpuehextatives,
June 29, 1870.
Tho House having under con.snlcmtion tho report,
of the committee of eonfereneo oa ttie bill t.^. No.
.'178) to provide a niitional uui reney (if coin notes and
to equalize the disti ibutinn of eireuhitin;? notes—
Mr. GARFILL1), of Ohio, said :
Mr. SrUAtcmt: 1 ask the indulgence of the
House while I review some of the criticisms
made on this conference report. I desire to
call attention first to the remarks of several gen-
tlemen concerning the conferees themselves,
and particularly in reference to myself. The
criticism of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Juun] and of the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Cohuhn] seems to carry the implication
that I am an improper person in this House
to be put on a conference committee on the
subject of currency because I differ from tlie
House in regard to an increase of the currency.
If the criticism be just, then the Speaker should
not appoint a member upon a conference com-
mittee who holds any other opinion than that
held by tho House. I have taken it for granted
that there was always fo bo on a conference com-
mittee some one who represented a respectable
minority of the House, and this is the first time
I have ever heard it intimated that such an
appointment was improper.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Judd]
has attempted to ridicule the idea that a mem-
ber is capable of representing the wishes of
the House which are not exactly his own. Is
the gentleman a lawyer, and has he never un-
dertaken to represent the views and interests
of a client whom he did not in all respects in-
dorse ? When he has undertaken to defend a
criminal has he always taken upon himself all
the responsibility for the crime? Has he never
represented the views of others without him-
self absorbing and impersonating himself all
their beliefs and aspirations? If he has done
such a thing as that I think lie will see suffi-
cient reason why it may be proper that a man
should be on a conference committee who does
not entirely concur with al! the sentiments of
the body he represents. I do not choose to
consider any of these criticisms as personal to
myself. I presume they were not so intended;
I will not think so meanly of any of these
gentlemen as to suppose they are iniluenced
by mere personal jealousy in so small a mat-
ter ; I speak only of the principle involved in
their criticisms.
And now what assault is made on the report
itself? Mr. Speaker, there seems to be one
point about which several gentlemen have great
difficulty, and that is the allegation that this
report brought into the House^authorizes con-
traction of the currency. I call the attention
of the House to the remarkable spectacle pre-
sented by two able and worthy gentlemen,
representatives from Pennsylvania, who now
sit here beside me, [Mr. Armstrong and Mr.
Towxsexd;] both of them actually engaged
in national banking, and therefore practically
understanding the system. One of them made
a speech within the last half hour opposing the
report because it authorized contraction, and
the other, ten minutes ago, m a speech of great
clearness and force, opposes it because it is a
measure of great, inflation. These two gentle-
men from the same State, gentlemen of equal
respectability and ability, have demonstrated
clearly to their own minds, one that the bill
does not permit inflation, the other that it does
not permit contraction.
Mr. ARMSTRONG. Like the committee
that reported the bill, they could not tell
whether it was contraction or expansion.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, it is, perhaps,
as high a compliment as can be paid the bill,
that it is clearly proved by one of those gen-
tlemen that it. is not contraction, and clearly
proved by the other that it is not inflation.
And that is precisely the conclusion which the
conferees of the two Houses were compelled
to reach, considering the conflict of opinion of
the two bodies they represented.
Mr. MORGAN. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. GARL'TELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
must excuse me, as my time is limited. Now
my distinguished colleague on the Committee
on Banking and Currency from Indiana [Mr.
Coburn] says that the §95,000,000 bill which
passed the House was not only not expansion,
but if there bad been an issue of §44,000,000 of
greenbacks in addition to the $9o,000,000 bill,
added, as he wanted it done, even then it would
only have been an inflation of ®18,000,000.
According to that gentleman the $95,000,000
bill was, therefore, a contraction to the extent
of $22,000,000.
Mr. COBURN. The gentleman's arithmetic
is not good. That was not the basis of my cal-
culation.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I think I have
stated correctly the case as it was put by the
gentleman from Indiana. But the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Ingeksoli.] admits that the
595,000,000 bill, as it passed the House, was
an inflation to the extent of $31,000,000. So
there is another calculation for yon. The other
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Judd] saysnoman
can show that the contraction resulting from
tho conference report is less than $18,000,000.
To that challenge I respond.
If I can have the attention of the House for
about three minutes, I will try to state tbieo
propositions from which I think no member
here will dissent. Those who say that this
bill is a contraction of the currency neglect to
notice or deny three things. First, they neglect
to notice the error there is in the statement
that the $45,000,000 of three per cents, are all
a fixed part of the currency, and that to re-
deem them is actually to contract a fixed and
certain portion of the currency. That is the
first point. Now, I wish to call the attention
of the House to a fact which I believe has been
wholly overlooked in this debate. What are
the three per cents. ? They are a loan of the
Government, payable on demand, and are being
paid every day. Refuse to pass this bill, and
the three per ccnts. will, nevertheless, be re-
deemed. They are being redeemed every day.
The official statement of the debt m October,
18i)8, showed that there were then outstanding
$o9,000.000of the three per cents. Pass on to
the statement of the debt in January, 1809,
and you find the amount reduced to §52,000,
