4388
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13;
about five minutes to explain my objection
clearly to this proviso, which I move to strike
out. If I cannot have that time now, then I
must take it to-morrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall not object to
five minutes if the apportionment bill does
not lose "its position.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will not lose
its place, and the pending bill will be pro-
ceeded with, if there be 110 objection, subject
to a demand for the regular order by the Sen-
ator from Illinois or any other Senator.
Mr. "THURMAN. I have been interrupted
so often, and so little attention is paid to busi-
ness going on here, that I do not know whether
I am understood or not. I repeat once more,
that the theory of this proviso is that at the end
of three years the company can sell these lands,
can find purchasers for them, but that those
purchasers will not be actual settlers. Then,
I say, if that be the ease, the purchasers that
it can find will be mere land speculators, men
who will simply buy the land to hold it up for
a rise in the price to monopolize it—land com-
panies monopolizing large bodies of land, which
is the very bane of the new States, as every
Senator who has ever lived in a new State
knows. No, sir; strike out this last proviso ;
continue the provision that the company shall
sell to actual settlers. By another provision
of the bill the company has ten years in which
to make sales before there can be any reversion
to the Government; and in those ten years it
can sell all its lands to actual settlers without
any trouble. If it cannot, then the land ought
to revert to the Government; but do not say
that at the end of three years, although there
may not be actual settlers there, this land may
be sold in great bodies to a set of land specu-
lators or land companies to hold the land and
raise the price of it and have a land monopoly
for their own benefit. It is one of the worst
features that can be in the bill, and therefore I
insist on my motion to strike out this proviso.
Mr. HOWELL. Let us have a vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ohio
to the amendment of the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. HOWELL. I hope it will not be agreed
to. I do not think the Senator's objections
are valid.
Mr. THURMAN. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 11, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, Devis, John-
ston, McCreery, Salisbury, Spencer, Sprague, Thur-
man, Victors, and Willey—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Boreman, Brown-
low, Chandler, Cole, Corbett, Ferry, Hamilton of
Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Harris, Howell, McDonald,
Morton, Osborn, Pomeroy, I'ool. Pratt, Ramsey,
Rice, Robertson, Koss, Scott, Stewart, Sumner,
Thayer, Tipton, Trumbull, and Yates—30.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Buckingham, Cam-
eron, Carpenter, Cattell, Colliding, Crogin, Brake,
Edmunds. Fenton, Flanagan. Fowler. Gilbert, Ham-
ilton of Maryland, Howard, Howe, Kellogg, Lewis,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Norton, Nye,
Patterson, Revels, Sawyer, Schurz, Sherman, Stock-
ton, Warner, Williams, and Wilson—31.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. THAYER. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of line forty-four
of section five:
And provided farther. That all Indian reservations
are excepted and reserved from this grant, and that
said road shall not be located within any Indian
reservation without tho consent of the President of
the United States.
Mr. HARLAN. There is no objection to
that.
Mr. POMEROY. That is the bill now.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. As I heard the bill read, the
sales of the land are limited to actual settlers.
After the term "settlers" I move to amend
the bill by adding "if heads of families or
twenty-one years of age ;" so that a family of
settlers having half a dozen children, some of
whom way be in the arms of the mother, shall
not have the privilege of locating one hundred
and sixty acres of land for each infant child.
Mr. POMEROY. The usual language should
be put in, if anything, "being citizens of the
United States, or persons who have declared
their intention to become such, and heads of
families, or single persons over twenty-one years
of age." That is the qualification under the
preemption law. That is what the Senator
means.
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir. I move to add those
words specially to this bill.
The amendment to the amendtaent was
agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to offer an amend-
ment, to come in on line fourteen of section
five, after the word "manner;" it is to insert
" as the Secretary of the Interior shall direct."
The object of that is to give to the Secretary
of the Interior the supervision of the system
of averaging the different sections of land
which shall fall to this company.
Mr. HOWELL. That was the intention. I
.have no objection to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
Mr. DAVIS. The amendment that was
offered by the Senator from Nebraska, as to
touching the lands of Indians secured to them
by reservation, I understood made the consent
of the tribe necessary. Am I mistaken?
Mr. THAYER. I will state to my friend
that the grant is excepted and reserved from
all Indian reservations, and the road cannot
be located through a reservation without the
consent of the President.
Mr. THURMAN. Why not add "and the
consent of the Indians?"
Mr. DAVIS. I move the reconsideration
of tlie vote on that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator need
not do that. The question is on concurring in
the amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole, and it can now be amended.
Mr. DAVIS. I move, then, to amend that
clause by adding "and the consent of the tribes
through whose reservation the railroad may
run."
Mr. THAY"ER. Very well; that is accepted.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment made in Committee of the
Whole, as amended, was concurred in.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to make an in-
quiry of the chairman of the committee who
reported this bill, or of the Senator from Iowa ;
what is the length of this proposed road, the
main road ?
Mr. HOWELL. From three hundred and
fifty to five hundred miles, I presume. I can-
not tell exactly.
Mr. THURMAN. And the branch ?
Mr. IIOWELL. There is no branch to it.
Mr. THURMAN. There is a provision in
the bill for a branch.
Mr. HOWELL. No; it was stricken out.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
APPORTIONMENT OF REPRESENTATION.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1823) to provide for the apportionment of
Representatives to Congress among the several
States, the pending question being the amend-
ment of the Committee on the Judiciary, in
line twelve of section one, after the word "lim-
ited," to strike out the following words:
And if the number of Representatives of any State
shall be reduced by such apportionment, such re-
duction shall not take eifect in the Forty-Second
Congress; but such State shall have tile same num-
ber of Representatives in the Forty-Second Con-
gress to which it is by law en titled in tho Forty-First
Congress; and any Representative or Representa-
tives which any State may have in the Forty-Scc-
ontf Congress in excess of the number fined by s.u'eh
apportionment shall, be additional to the number
of two hundred and seventy-five herein limited.
Mr. STEWART. Will the Senator from
Illinois let me have a vote taken on the.bill?
Mr. TRUMBtJLL. I cannot consent to give
way further.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
the Judiciary was in section one, line twenty-
four, after the words " chosen by the State at
large" to strike out "and all other .Repre-
sentatives for the Forty-Second Congress shall
be chosen in the respective congressional dis-
tricts now provided by law in the several
States."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two,
line one, after the word "that" to insert the
word "immediately: " and in lines three and
four strike out " loth " and insert " 1st," and
strike out "August" and insert " October; "
so as to read :
That immediately after the next enumeration of
the inhabitants of the United States shall-havo been
completed according to law, and before the 1st day of
October, 1870, the Superintendent of the Census shall
prepare and submit to the Secretary of the Interior
a preliminary report of tho results of such enumera-
tion.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section four,
lines two and three, to strike out the words
"on or before the 10 th day of September, 1870,"
and to insert " on the receipt of such prelim-
inary report immediately; " so as to read :
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, Thattho Secretary
of the Interior shall, on the receipt of such preliinin-
aryreport, immediately prepare and transmit, under
the seal of his office, to the Speaker of the House of
Representatives, and to the Governor of eaeh of the
States, a certified statement of his proceedings under
tho provisions of this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring in the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole,
Mr. MORTON. What amendments?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Those made by the com-
mittee.
Mr. MORTON. Increasing the number of
Representatives to three hundred?
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is one.
Mr. MORTON. I want a separate vote on
that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A separate vote
will be taken on all the amendments. The
first question is on the amendment striking out
"two hundred and seventy-five " and inserting'
"three hundred " wherever it occurs in the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. This bill was
debated in the House of Representatives, and
defeated whereafair votewas hadupon it: but,
being sprung upon the House on a Monday,
and the previous question applied, it was put
through by a majority of only two votes. It
never has been fairly and properly considered ;
and now it is proposed here by the Committee
on the Judiciary to change the action of the
House ; and for what reason or by what au-
thority we should undertake to interfere with
the number they have fixed I can hardly con-
ceive. There has been no reason here urged
for it. It will be very inconvenient; the body
cannotbe accommodated in the present Hail of
the House of Representatives. Two hundred
and forty-one nearly fill it, and if the number
is raised to two hundred and seventy-live it
will be to the full extent that can be accom-
modated in the present Representatives' Hall. I
trust, therefore, tbat the amendment will be
voted down.
Mr._ MORTON. If the House of Repre-
sentatives are satisfied with the number two
hundred and seventy-five, it seems to me, in a
matter of this kind, that ought to be a very
strong argument with the Senate to accept it,
That is a question upon which we should ex-
pect the members of the House to be partis
