5332
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jufy %
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion for
an executive session is not debatable.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Will the Senator resist
an executive session after the bill is taken up?
Mr. TRUMBULL, I will not, if the bill
takes any considerable length of time. The
object is to get up the bill fixing the time of
the election of members of Congress and the
apportionment bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. On the motion
of the Senator from Maine, that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness, the Senator from Illinois asks for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 20, nays 29 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreitian, Cas-
serly, Conkling, Cragin, Fent.on, Hamlin, McCrecry,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill ofVennont, Sawyer, Scott,
Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Stockton, "VYiIley, Wil-
liams, and Vvilson—20.
MAYS—Mes-rs. Bayard,Buckingham, Carpenter,
Chandl er, Davis, Fowler, Gilbert, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hamilton oi Texas, Harlan, Harris, Howard,
llowe, HowclI, Kellogg, Lewis, McDonald, Morton,
Nye, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Kanisoy, lioss, Scliurz,
Tipton, Trumbull, Warner, and Yates—29.
AliSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Brownlow, Cameron,
Cattell, Colo, Corbett, Drake, Edmunds, Ferry,
Flanagan, Johnston, Norton, Osborn, Patterson,
Revel--, Rice, ltobertson, Saulsbury, Spencer, Sum-
ner, Thayer, Thurman, and Vickers—23.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from Illi-
nois, that the Senate procoed to the consid-
eration of the bill (II. R. No. 1705) to fix the
time foi^ the election of Representatives and
Delegates in the Congress of the United States.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill.
Mr. HAllLAN. The bill has been read.
The YICE PRESIDENT. The indorsement
of the Secretary is that before being read when
taken up before the morning hour expired.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let it be read.
The Chief Clerk read the bill. It fixes and
establishes theTuesday next after thefirstMon-
day in November, in thcyear 1872, as the day, in
each of the States and Territories of the United
States, for the election of Representatives and
Delegates to theForty-ThirdCongress; and the
Tuesday next after the first Monday in Novem-
ber, in every second year thereafter, as the day
for the election, in each State and Territory, of
Representatives and Delegates to the Congress
commencing on the 4lh day of March next
thereafter. If, upon trial, there shall be a
failure to elect a Representative or Delegate in
Congress, in any State, district, or Territory,
upon the day hereby fixed and established for
such election, or if, after any such election, a
vacancy shall occur in any such State, district,
or Territory, from death, resignation, or other-
wise, an election shall be held to fill any
vacancy caused by such failure, resignation,
death, or otherwise, at such time and in such
manner as is or may be provided by law for
filling vacancies in the State or Territory in
which the same may occur.
Mr. HARLAN. I offer the following amend-
ment, to be inserted as additional sections:
- And be it further enacted, That from and after tho
Hd day ot March, 1871, the House of Representatives
shall be composed of three hundred members, to be
apportioned among theseveral States m accordance
with tho provisions of this act: Provided, That if,
after such apportionmontshall have been made, auy
new State shall be admitted into the Union, the Rep-
resentative or Representatives of such new State
shall be additional to the number of three hundred
herein limited; and if the representation of any
State shall bo increased by such apportionment, any
additional Representative or Representatives of
such State so increased in the Forty-Second Con-
gress shall be chosen by the State at large; and all
other Representatives for the Forty-Second Con-
gress shall be chosen in the respective congressional
districts now provided by law in the several States.
Sec.—. Andbeit further enacted. That immediately
after the next enumeration of the inhabitants of the
United States shall have been completed according
to law, and before the 20th day of September, 1870,
the Superintendent of the Census shall prepare and
submit to the Secretary of thelntenOr a preliminary
report of the results of such enumeration, embracing
juch statistics as shall be necessary to enable the
Secretary of the Interior to perform tho duties in this
act prescribed.
Sec. And be it further enacted, That affcetf the
preliminary report provided for In the foregoing sec-
tion shall have been submitted to the Secretary of
the Interior, he shall ascertain from such prelimi-
nary report the basis of representation of each State,
and the aggregate basis of representation of the Uni-
ted States, and he shall ascertain the basis of repre-
sentation of the several congressional districts by
dividing the aggregate basis of representation of the
United States by the number 300, rejecting any frac-
tion of a unit Which may remain; and he shall ascer-
tain tho number of Representatives tobe apportioned
to each State by dividing the basis of representation
of such State by the-basis of representation of the sev-
eral congressional districts, rejecting any fraction of
a unit which may remain; and he snail apportion so
many additional Representatives to the States hav-
ing tho largest rejected fractions, one to each, as shall
make tho whole number of Representatives thrcG
hundred.
Sec.—. Andbc it further enacted, That the Secretary
of the Interior shall, on tho receipt of such prelim-
inary report, immediately prepare and transmit,
under tho seal of his office, to the Speaker of tho
House of Representatives, and to tho Governor of
each of the States, a certified statement of his pro-
ceedings under the provisions of this act.
SkO. —. And be it further enacted. That all acts itnd
parts of acts in conflict with the provisions of this act
are hereby repealed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state, in case Senators should desire to find it,
that this amendment is House bill No. 182o,
as amended when it was previously under dis-
cussion in the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. It is the bill that passed
the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have endeav-
ored to follow the reading of the bill, but it is
not according to the printed copy of it before
me. I hope the Senator from Illinois will con-
sent to have the bill printed as he proposes to
pass it. It is obvious that it cannot be under-
stood here as it was read at the desk. We
have nothing like it before us.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 will state to the Sen-
ator from Vermont that if is the bill as it
passed the Senate, precisely, with the excep-
tion that the Words " unless otherwise provided
by such State" are omitted in the amendment
offered by the Senator from Iowa. 1 will state
further to the Senator from Vermont, that he
will find it in print. It is House bill No. 1823,
as it passed the Senate, precisely. I suggest to
the Senator from Iowa that if he will send a
fair copy to the desk, striking out those words,
it will be easier for the Secretary to read. It
is exactly as it passed the Senate, and in print.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has been re-
ported by the Secretary.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 will substitute the printed
amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is a word or two
left out in the ame-ndment as the Senator from
Iowa first offered it. It made no provision for
the election of Congressmen in States which
should lose in representation. But the bill as
it passed the Senate provided that in such cases
all the Representatives from a State that lost in
representation should be elected to the next
Congress by general ticket. It is in the printed
bill as it is there.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thisamendment
is exactly the bill as it passed the Senate, the
Chair understands.
Mr. TRU MB ULL. With three or four woi-ds
stricken out, which I will explain. As the bill
passed the Senate, it provided that all the
additional members in any State should be
elected by general ticket to the next Congress,
and also that all the members in any State,
where the number was diminished, should be
elected by general ticket to the next Congress,
" unless otherwise provided by such State."
Those last words, " unless otherwise provided
by such State," are left out of the amendment
offered by the Senator from Iowa ; so that the
bill will provide that the additional members
shall be elected by general ticket, and the
whole representation from a State that loses
any of its members shall be elected by general
ticket, and not leave it in the power of any
State Legislature to come in and change it for
the next Congress. That is all the change
from the bill as we passed it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I appeal to
the Senator from Illinois to allow an amend-
ment to be made so that the States whose num-
ber of Representatives Shall be diminished_ shall
not be required to diminish their number in the
next Congress. It will be very inconvenient
for some of the States to get aloBg under this
law, if it shall be passed I do not know that
there is any use of making an appeal in this
quarter; but still I ask the Senator from Illi-
nois whether he Will not be Willing to make
such a provisioti as that?
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is it? f
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. To&llow ths
States Whose representation will be diminished
to be represented in the neit Congress by the
number they now have. It will gave a great
amount of inconvenience. That is the way the
bill passed the House.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should be quite willifcg
to do that; but when the matter was up here
and discussed the Senator's colleague and sev-
eral other Senators—and I must say it was my
own opinion also—thoughtthat would beclearly
beyond our power; that we could not make an
apportionment of representation partly on the
census of 1860 and partly on that of 1870, as
we then would; because if some States are enti-
tled to additional representation on the census
of 1870 it would not do to give other States a
representation on the census of 1800, when a
less number would be entitled to a Representa-
tive under the census of 1860 than under that
of 1870. There is the difficulty; and the Sen-
ator's colleague was very decidedly of the
opinion that we could not do it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think it has
been done.
I move to amend the bill by striking out
" three hundred " and inserting " two hundred
and fifty " as th'e number of the House of Rep-
resentatives. My convictions are very clear
that two hundred and fifty will be a better body
to transact business than a larger number. I
wish the Senator from Illinois would look at
this question with that candor which he is
sometimes able to bring to bear. [Laughter.]
I believe that that will be found in practice to
be a better numberforthe transaction of busi-
ness. I have no doubt that if we have a body
of three hundred men, in process of time it
will come to pass that not over two thirds of
them will be in attendance, and when they are
all there they will make almost a mob, and
certainly they cannot be accommodated even
in the present large Hall if the number shall
be increased as proposed by the Senator from
Illinois. The House have not asked for so
large a number, although they hove asked for
two hundred and seventy-five. It seems to me
extraordinary that this body should propose
to increase the number over what the House
itself has asked for.
/The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont moves to amend the amendment of
the Senator from Iowa by striking out " three
hundred" whenever it occurs and inserting
'' two hundred and fifty."
Mr. TRUMBULL. That would complicate
the matter somewhat in this way: several
States would then lose a portion of their repre-
sentation ; and it was thought desirable to so
frame the bill that probably no State would
lose any of its representation, and so the num-
ber was fixed at three hundred. If the House
think proper to change it they can do so. I
hope the amendment will not prevail.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will modify
my amendment and say two hundred and sev-
enty-five.
Mr. COLE. Oh, no; two hundred and fifty.
Mr. CONKLING. Two hundred and fifty
is enough.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. As I am
asked_ to retain, the number at two hundred
and fifty, I will take the question on that
first.
The amendment to the amendment Was
rejected.
