1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4380
ularly sensitive; and as they have determined
that, they cannot afford to increase the number
of the members of the House to more than
two hundred and seventy-five, it seems to me
there can be no good reason offered why we
should extend the number to three hundred.
The House now is too large a body to work
well as a deliberative legislative body. Its de-
liberative character now is to a considerable
extent destroyed. It is now, comparatively
speaking, a House of committees. If you in-
crease the number from two hundred and forty
to three hundred, adding sixty, you will in-
crease the number of members upon the com-
mittees. The committees will become very
unwieldy, their efficiency will be impaired, the
general efficiency of the House will be impaired.
I would rather see the number of members put
at two hundred and fifty than three hundred.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. So would I.
Mr. MORTON. Some of the States will
have to lose finally as population goes on. Now,
if in one decade we increase the number sixty,
what shall we do in 1880, when, instead of
having forty or forty-one million people, we
shall have, if the increase goes on at the same
ratio that it has done for the last fifteen years,
fifty-six million people, and then I suppose the
House must be increased again? I think we
should hesitate now about increasing the num-
ber of members beyond thatfixedby the House.
If they are satisfied with two hundred and sev-
enty-five, why should we ask to increase it?
The only reason I have heard given is that if
it is not done some of the States will have to
lose a member. That will have to come any-
how, and I do not regard that as a very great
misfortune.
The Constitution requires representation
according to population; and if when we make
a new apportionment a State falls behind her
sister States and loses a member in preserving
the proportion prescribed by the Constitution
it is no hardship at all. What difference does
it make to her? The weight of her influence
is lost by increasing the number of members
from the western States just as effectually as it
would be by keeping the number of members
from the western States, or the growing States,
at the present number and diminishing those
of the States that do not grow. So far as
influence is concerned in legislation it makes
no difference. You may keep the old States
at their present number, and their power is just
as effectually impaired if you largely increase
the number of members from the growing
States. It makes no difference. The result
must come, and the result will be the same.
The representation must be according to popu-
lation, and it is no hardship on any State or
upon any people.
Therefore, in determining this question we
should look to the efficiency of the House; we
should look to what will be for the good of
legislation ; and it seems to me there can be no
doubt that, a House composed of two hundred
and seventy-five members will be more efficient,
will be less unwieldy, than a House composed
of three hundred members ; and if we set the
example now of increasing the number of mem-
bers by the increase of population that example
will be followed ten years from now, and they
will want to run the" number of members up
to three hundred and fifty or three hundred
and seventy-five, until it gets to be like the
House of Commons, where by the very force
of large numbers one half of the members are
continually crowded out of the public business.
They cannot take part in it and they do not
go there.
The reason one half the members of the
British House of Commons stay away from it
continually, except upon great or special occa-
sions, is because they can possibly take no part
in public business, and therefore they have no
interest in going there; and when you increase
the number of the House of Representatives
in the same way you will find there will be a
non-attendance, or there will be an indiffer-
ence, except as members may find it necessary
to draw their compensation.
If you expect to have a useful House of Rep-
resentatives, if you expect to have members
come up and work, you must give them some
opportunity of being heard some time and of
making their influence manifest. When the
House becomes so large that the deliberations
are confined entirely to the chairmen of com-
mittees, and the great body of members, like
those of the British House of Commons, are
mere outsiders and can never be heard from
except by their votes, you may expect the same
results here that have occurred there.
Mr. THAYER, Mr. President, I will say
to my friend from Indiana, with whom I am
sorry to differ on this occasion, that "sufficient
unto the day is the evil thereof." I say in
reference to his argument that in ten years we
shall have to make another increase. Should
we not consider the fac mow that there is a
necessity for an increase of the number of
members of the House ? If the argumeut which
he presents holds good it would have been
good forty years back, or thirty, or tweuty, or
tea years ago, that there should have been no
increase of the number of members. The truth
is that the increase of population increases the
duties and the labors which devolve on Sena-
tors and Representatives. If any Senator or
member finds the position which he occupies
an easy one he certainly has eome to a differ-
ent conclusion from that to which I have come.
It is one of constant labor and toil for any one
who attends to the duties which are devolved
on him, and I suppose it is one of his duties to
attend to all the correspondence which reaches
him, to answer all the letters, and attend to all
the requisitions of his constituents in the various
Departments. It requires the constant appli-
cation and labor of each Senator and member.
I trust one object will be secured by increasing
the number of members of the House, that of
dividing that labor, at least in the new States.
I do not desire to see a reduction in the num-
ber of members from the old States in the House,
but I do desire to concur with the committee
in asking for the increase which they propose.
I hope we shall agree upon it. It is a matter
of justice to the new States.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I have
made up my mind with considerable reluctance
to vote for the amendment increasing the num-
ber of Representatives in the House to three
hundred. My principal reason for doing so is
that I apprehend a very great practical difficulty
in executing this bill, unless the increase be
made. It is true that difficulty might be got rid
of in the mode suggested the other day by the
Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] but
that mode seems to me to be open to grave con-
stitutional doubts, to say the least.
The point to which I wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senate is this : if the number of
Representatives be fixed at two hundred and
seventy-five, there will be a loss of Represent-
atives by two of the States—each of two States
will lose one Representative. The consequence
would be that in order to enable those States
to elect at all, as there would be no time to as-
semble the Legislatures to redistricttheStates,
you would have to provide that in those States
thus losing members all the members should
be elected on a general ticket. In other words,
you would make this provision, that in some
of the States the election of members of Con-
gress should be by general ticket, and in other
States it should be by districts. Now, 1 admit
that there is nothing in the Constitution which
in express terms forbids you to do so ; and yet
it does seem to me that that is contrary to the
spirit of the Constitution. The Constitution
simply confers upon you the power to regulate
the times, places, and manner of holding the
elections of Representatives; and it does seem
to me that the true spirit and policy of the
Constitution, and justice, too, require that the
rules by which you do that should be uniform
rules. Otherwise, let us see how it would be.
If that is not the case, then a dominant party
in Congress can go to work and gerrymander
one State in its own interest and have the
members elected by general ticket in another
State.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Seatorfrom Ohio
allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. THDRMAN. Certainly.
_Mr. MORTON.^ Why would it be uncon-
stitutional to provide that a State which loses
a member shall elect by general ticket; and
not unconstitutional at the same time to pro-
vide that a State which gains a member shall
elect that member by general ticket?
_ Mr. THURMAN. I understand the ques-
tion, and it is a question not without difficul-
ties, that is very certain. My only answer to
it can be (and it is not as satisfactory to myself
as I could desire, I must admit) that when
you provide that a State which gains a mem-
ber shall elect that member thus gained by
general ticket you prescribe a general rule
which will apply to almost every State, or at
least to the greater portion of the States of the
Union, for much the greater number of States
do gain members; but when you say that a
State which loses a single member shall then
proceed to elect all its members upon ageneral
ticket, while those States that do not lose mem-
bers shall proceed to elect by districts as before,
then you assume a right to discri minate between
the two classes of States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But if the Senator will
permit me to make a suggestion, I will say
that he will find as matter of fact on that very
method of procedure that the States who lose
and would elect all they had left by general
ticket would still elect less men by general
ticket than some one State that elected its
increased number by general ticket. For
instance, the State ofNew Hampshire and the
Slate of Vermont would each elect two, wliilo
the State of Illinois would elect four or live,
it may be, and Iowa three or four.
Mr. THURMAN. That is very true. There
are these difficulties about it. Perhaps they
arise from the necessity of the case, unless we
are prepared to make no apportionment at all
for the Forty-Second Congress, and let it go
over to the Eorty-Third, which will be entirely
satisfactory to my friend from Vermont, I dare
say ; but that does not seem to be the spirit of
Congress on this subject.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We cannot tell what the
spirit will be yet.
Mr. THURMAN. And therefore it seema
to me that to avoid these very difficulties which
have been suggested it would be better to
make this increase of twenty-five in the num-
ber of Representatives, and then we have no
trouble about it at all; then we have certainly a
general rule; then wehave not one rule in regard
to States that lose and another in regard to
States that gain.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
from Ohio is mistaken in supposing that by
raising the number to three hundred he will
avoid the difficulty. There will be two States
and probably three then that will lose a mem-
Mr. TIIURMAN. I should like to know
■what States those are that would lose at three
hundred.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Rhode Island,
Vermont, and quite likely New Hampshire.
Mr. TRUMB (JLL. Of course that is a mat-
ter of opinion, as we have net counted the
people; but I have before me the census as
estimated and published in the New York
Tribune of February 23. It is made up ot the
actual census which was taken in many of the
States in 18(35, of the various national censuses
that have been taken at eachdecade, showing
there lative in crease, and then is carried out
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. No census
was taken in either of those States Vermont,
New Hampshire, or Rhode Island.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There was a census in
1810, 1850, and 1860, and there has been an
