1870,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3445
with the Senator from Michigan [Mp. Howard]
as chairman. He knows that the Sergeant-
at-Arms xeceived a good many thousand dol-
lars for summoning witnesses before that com-
""llr^FERRY. If my friend will allow me,
the witness fees and mileage of the Sergeant-
at-Armsfor the last year ending April 30, 1870,
were just $97 83.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Two dollars and twenty
cents have been added to that since.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator from New
Hampshire will allow me to say a word. The
joint Committee on Ordnance was created in
l?67.and pursued its labors for probably a year.
The sum appropriated for the payment of the
expenses of that committee, including those
of the Sergeant-at-Arms, was $15,000. The
Sergeant-at-Arms had the disposition of that
sum under the sanction of the committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Chiefly for witnesses.
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir; the most of it
was paid out for the expenses of witnesses.
Mr. CONKLING. And the traveling ex-
penses of those sent to summon them.
Mr. HOWARD. And mileage for the offi-
cers who served the subpenas, and other inci-
dental expenses.. The whole appropriation
was exhausted. There is nothing of it remain-
ing, but there is still a balance due to one of |
the banks of this city, which ought to have |
been paid by the former Sergeant-at-Arms^ for j
money advanced to him for the benefit ot the j
committee, over and above the $15,000. 1
Mr. CRAGIN. I will say in addition—I
have the bill before me—that the bill of the
Sergeant-at-Arms for the impeachment trial
was $4,023. That money, of course, was not
all entirely paid to him.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And it was not neces-
sarily in connection with witnesses, either.
Mr. CRAGIN. It was entirely in connec-
tion with witnesses.
Mr. SUMNER. What is the amount? 1
Mr. CRAGIN. Four thousand and twenty-
three dollars.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Was that the whole,
expense of the impeachment trial ?
Mr. CRAGIN. That was the whole bill of
the Sergeant-at-Arms. It does not include :
witnesses' fees at all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does that include tha
furniture which was furnished and the tickets
printed ?
Mr. CRAGIN. It does not. I will give it,
and you will see. The fee for each.summons .
is two dollars, and then there is the mileage.' |
Mr. TRUMBULL. How many summons.
wpfo tnorp ^
Mr. CRAGIN. Perhaps forty.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is eighty dollars.
Mr. CRAGIN. Then there is the mileage,
the travel.
Mr. TRUMBULL. How much is that?
Mr. CRAGIN. They are not footed sepa-
rately ; but those are the large items.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know
what some of those items are. Let us hear
how much they amount to. Does any one of
them amount to a9 much as fifty dollars ?
Mr. CRAGIN. The Sergeant-at-Arms re-
ceived for summoning Barton Abel, of St.
Louis, $216 40; for summoning J. B. Stead-
man, of New Orleans, $256; and my impres-
sion is that nobody went to New Orleans to-
deliver the summons, The gentleman was
probably in the city of Washington. Then
$300 was allowed for the use of horses, and
$410 for telegrams.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Four hundred and ten
dollars for telegrams and $300 for horses.
There is $700 of the $4,000 accounted for.
Mr. CRAGIN. Of course I do not find any
fault with the bill, for the bill was approved
by the Committee on Contingent' Expenses
when I was chairtaan of it. We had Occasion
to reduce it somewhat; but it was in accord-
ance with law, without any doubt. I only rose
to make these suggestions to show that the
Sergeant-at-Arms during the past five or six
years has received large amounts in addition
to his salary, and, in my judgment, altogether
more than is provided in this bilk
Mr. EDMUNDS. More than nineteen hun-
dred dollars a year, which, is this increase ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. In the extraordinary
trial of the impeachment it seems that the
expenses were some four thousand and odd
dollars; I did not oatch the exact amount.
The Senator mentions two items of it, tele-
graphing and horses, amounting to $700; but
when you come to scan that report I do not
believe that the whole witness fees in that
extraordinary trial will amount to $1,900, i
which is the increase proposed in the salary !
of the Sergeant-at-Arms by this bill. That j
undoubtedly was the most expensive of any of ;
the investigations that have been had before j
the Senate. So that I think if we are going to ;
raise these salaries we ought to know it. I ;
am not combating the propriety of raising the
pay of the Sergeant-at-Arms. I think it ought
to be more than the $2,000 or the $2,300 that
it was formerly; I do not remember the pre-
cise amount. I think it is proper to raise it. :
I think it was too low. And I think the assist-
ant sergeant-at-arms, who is one of the most
faithful officers we have ever had, should have
liia coiQi'Tr
! Mr. HARLAN. While the Senate is on this
I subject, I should like to have some information
| as to the cost of these horses; how many horses
are being employed for carrying the mails and
for other purposes, and the prices paid. That
seems to be about the only thing out of which
the Sergeant-at-Arms derives perquisites now.
Mr. FERRY. I will state in answer to the
inquiry of the Senator from Iowa that there
were paid for horsed, carryalls, wagons, &c.,
employed by the Senate, for the year ending
April 30, 1870, $5,488. I believe there are
five horses famished by the Sergeant-at-Arms j
and two by the Secretary. ,
Mr. EDMUNDS. Seven by the Sergeant-
| at-Arms.. 1
i Mr. FERRY. If there are seven by the j
Sergeant-at-Arms, that would make nine in all. ,
They are paid for at the rate of $2 50 per day—
; such, ia the present arrangement—during the j
session of the Senate. During the recess a ,
smaller number are employed. It may be that
more horses are paid for than are necessary
] every day; but it is necessary tohave horses
1 and wagons constantly, where they can be im- I
ii mediately had for the use of the Senate, and
they are so constantly now. It: is now under
the consideration of the Committee on the Dis-:
bursement of the Contingent Fund to ascertain
whether some mode cannot be devised where-
by this service can be performed at a cheaper
| rate than at present. These horses, carryalls,
i wagons, harness, &c., are owned by the Ser-
! geant-at-Arms, and supported by him. We of
S course have either got to hire them of him, or
| of somebody else, or we have got to purchase
; horses; carryalls, wagons, &c., and take charge
of them by other officers of the Government.
We are at this very time making inquiry as to
the most economical mode of accomplishing
the same' service with equal efficiency. One
thing is certain;: the siervice is now accom-
plished with very great efficiency. Whenever
any animal or vehicle is needed for the use
of the Senate it is at once at hand, and no
delay is occasioned. Senators would be sur-
prised on an examination to find the very large
necessary employment of horses and vehicles
in the legitimate service of the Senate, If the
Committee oo Contingent Expenses find that
some ether mode may be adopted whereby the
service can be performed more economically
the committee will adopt that mode, the whole
matter being at present under our charge.
. Me. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to correct
a misapprehension about the fees heretofore
received by the Sergeant- at-Arms. I have here
two items : " fees of the Sergeant-at-Arms for
the joint Committee on Ordnance, $5,386,39."
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator please
give me the date of that bill ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-eight.
Mr. HOWARD. That was paid February
12, 1869.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then the fees
on the impeachment trial were $4,023.
Mr. HOWARD. I stated when I was up
before that the Sergeant-at-Arms had received
thousands and thousands of dollars for his fees,
besides his regular salary, his legal compen-
sation. One bill has been exhibited by the
Senator from Maine. The other I called the
attention of the Senate to myself. They show
that he has received about ten thousand dollars
during the last two or two and a half years
over and above his regular salary, and prin-
cipally for the service of process.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Oh, no, not at all;
there is no such evidence.
Mr. HOWARD. Let the Senator from Illi-
nois look at the bills which were paid him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from New
Hampshire has just read the items; and a large
portion is for witnesses.
Mr. HOWARD. Who gets the mileage for
summoning witnesses?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The witnesses get mile-
age for their own attendance ; but I say to the
Senator from Michigan that no evidence has
been presented to the Senate, and I venture
to say that no evidence can be given to the
Senate, that the Sergeant-at-Arms ever in one
year received $2,000 for summoning witnesses
and mileage in summoning witnesses.
Mr. HOWARD. I will venture to say, Mr.
President, that that fact can be proved most
clearly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us have it.
Mr. HOWARD. I am not prepared to
j exhibit the figures now ; but I assert that the
i Sergeant-at-Arms has received for mileage in
! serving process on witnesses at least $2,000 in
; some one of the years of the past.
| Mr. HARLAN. I desire to get at the facts
| in this c^se- It would seem to be very large
i compensation if the whole of the money that
! has been mentioned in these bills was paid to
1 the Sergeant-at-Arms as a gratuity ; if it were,
j in fact a part of his salary. But if I under-
i stand the mode of applying this money, it is
this: the Sergeant-at-Arms is entitled to a fee
of two dollars for serving process, and the
witness ia entitled to mileage and a per diem.
The messenger that the Sergeant-at-Armssends
for the purpose of serving process is entitled
to mileage; and it is in this way, I sujppose,
that these large sums of money are paid out.
They are paid out in the name of the Ser-
geant-at-Arms; but in each individual case
that officer receives two dollars, and the total
residue is paid to the witness as his per diem
and mileage, and to the messenger for his
mileage and expenses.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The messenger is the
officer of the Sergeant-at-Arms. The Ser-
geant-at-Arras takes the fees and pays the
expenses of the messenger for travel.
Mr. HARLAN. That would raise the ques-
tion whether the messenger was paid more than
he ought to be paid for traveling expenses.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend will permit me
to correct him as to the matter of fact, The
way that is done is this, and it is perfectly law-
ful as the law stands, and there is no fault to
be found with it in that respecti the Sergeant-
at-Arms, by usage and according to law, is
entitled to two dollars for each witness sum-
moned ; he is entitled to ten cents per mile
travel, each way, for the* distance he truvels .to
summon the witnesses and come back .again.
If, for instance, a committee authorized by the-
Senate to summon witnesses before it sends to
Baltimore to obtain a witness, it gives a war-
rant to the Sergeant-at-Arma-4ireqting him to
