246
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
the- provisions of this act, by taking one of the
oaths or affirmations above prescribed, shall
thereupon proceed, in. said senate and house
of representatives to which they have been
elected respectively, to reorganize said senate
and house of representatives, respectively, by
the election and qualification of the proper
officers of each house.
The fifth section provides that if any person
shall by force, violence, or fraud willfully
hinder or interrupt any person or persons
elected as aforesaid from taking either of the
oaths or affirmations prescribed by this act, or
from participating in the proceedings of said
senateor house of representatives, after having
takea one of said oaths or affirmations and
otherwise complied with this act, he shall be
deemed guilty of a felony, and may be tried,
convicted, and puiaished therefor by the cir-
cuit or district court of the United States for
the district of Georgia in which district said
offense shall be committed ; and shall be pun-
ished therefor by imprisonment at bard labor
for not less than two nor more than ten years,
in the discretion of the court; and the juris-
dietion of said courts shall be sole and exclu-
sive for the purpose aforesaid.
The sixth section provides that it i3 hereby
declared that the exclusion of any person or
persons elected aa aforesaid, and being other-
wise qualified, from participation in the pro-
ceedings of said senate or house of represent-
atives, upon the ground of race, color, or pre-
vious condition of servitude, would be illegal
and revolutionary, and is hereby prohibited.
The seventh section provides that, upon the
application of the Governor of Georgia, the
President of the United States shall employ
such military or naval forces of the United
States as maybe necessary to enforce and exe-
cute the preceding provisions of this act.
The eighth section provides that the Legis-
lature shall ratify the fifteenth amendment pro-
posed to the Constitution of the United States
before senators and representatives from Geor-
gia are admitted to seats in Congress.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
bo read a third time.
Mr. BURR. 1 ask consent to move that the
House take a recess this afternoon, at tho usual
hour of adjournment, until this evening, and
that the session this evening bo exclusively for
discussion on this bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
no objection to that, provided it is understood
that no vote be taken to-night on this bill.
Mr.. ISUllK. That is what 1 moan; to have
the session to-night as in Committee of the
Whole for discussion upon this bill only.
The motion was agreed to.
FORT WASHINGTON', WISCONSIN'.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent., laid
before the House a letter from the Secretary
of War, in obedience to a resolution of the
House, submitting the report of the chief of
engineers upon the improvement of the harbor
at Fort Washington, Wisconsin; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to bo printed.
PUBLIC LANDS IN SOOTHERS STATES.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of the Interior, in
answer to the House resolution inquiring the
number of acres of public lands in Virginia
and other States; which was referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
REPORT ON "REVENUE.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the following, from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury :
Trharcky Department, T)emnher 17,1S69.
Sif. : 1 have the honor herewith to transmit the
report ot tho Special Commissioner of the Revenue.
lours, respccuullv.
GEORtJE S. I30UTWELL,
Ir -j- r, , h'iC'l ('JjLT)l,
lion. Jambs Gt. Blaine,
Speaker of Jlouie of Jlepreseniatives.
The communication, with accompanying
report, was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and ordered to be printed.
BARNES VS. ADAMS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the papers in the contested-election case of
Barnes vs. Adams, from the eighth congres-
sional district of Kentucky; which were re-
ferred to the Committee of Elections.
WILLIAM POLLARD.
Mr. BOLES asked and obtained leave to
withdraw from the files of the House the peti-
tion of William Pollard, which had been
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. HEFLIN asked and obtained leave of
absence until the 5th of January.
Mr. STRADER asked and obtained leave of
absence until the 12th of January.
Mr. DYER asked and obtained leave of
absence until the close of the holiday recess.
Mr. STILES asked and obtained leave of
absence until the close of the holiday recess.
CLERKS EOIt COMMITTEES.
Mr. BENJAMIN, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Accounts be in-
structed to inquiro into and report to this House, at
the earliest practical period,what committees should
be authorized to employ clerks, and the rate of com-
pensation to bo paid to each; and said committee
shall bo authorized to report at any time.
RECONSTRUCTION 01? GEORGIA.
The House then resumed the consideration
of Senate bill .No. 281, to promote the recon-
struction of the State of Georgia.
Mr. BECK. I ask leave to submit the
amendments to this bill which I send to the
Clerk's desk, and which are the same that I
offered in the Committee on Reconstruction
this morning.
The Clerk read as follows:
In lino ton of soction ono, after the word " State,"
insert tho following: "Which day shall not bo loss
than thirty nor more than sixty days from the day
said proclamation is issued; and ho shall by like
proclamation order elections to bo held, not less
than thirty nor more than sixty days from the date
of his proclamation, in caeli of the logislativo and
senatorial districts in said Stato wherein vacancies
havo occurred in tho election of representatives or
senators by death, resignation, removal from tho
State, or from any other cause ot the representatives
or senators elected therein as aforesaid to said
General Assembly."
In line seventeen of section two, insert after tho
word "thereafter" the word "voluntarily;" so that
(ho clause will read: "Nor held any ofjico in the
military or naval service of the United States, and
thereafter voluntarily engaged in insurrection or
rebellion against the United States."
In the nineteenth line of the same section strike
out tho words "except in consequencc of direct
physical force."
in lino seventeen of the sarao soction insert aftor
the words "United States" tho words "and as such
had taken an oath to support the Constitution of tho
United States."
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, how many
amendments can be pending at the same time ?
The SPEAKER. These, as the Chair un-
derstands, are amendments which the gentle-
man from Kentucky indicates his intention to
offer hereafter.
Mr. BECK. I will say to the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Maynakd] that I have
been authorized by the committee to offer these
amendments.
The SPEAKER. Is it desired that the
amendments reported from the committee shall
be voted on now?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. These
amendments are not reported from the com-
mittee in any form. They were simply offered
by the gentleman in committee and voted
down.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
gentleman from Kentucky t.o indicate that some
of the amendments had been authorized by the
committee.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Oh, no.
Mr. BECK. Leave was given to me 1)3' the
committee to offer them in the House. The
committee did not authorize me to offer them
on behalf of the committee.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The com-
mittee wash their hands of these amendments
entirely.
Mr. BECK. I do not ask a vote on the
amendments now; I simply give notice that I
shall offer them.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to call the attention of the House for a moment
to the action of this bill. I do not propose to
discuss the merits of the great question which
is involved in its passage, because that for two
years has been before the country and is thor-
oughly and fully understood; but I wish to
call the attention of the House to the several
provisions of the bill, and the objections in
detail which may be brought against them.
This bill was carefully drawn by the Senate
committee, then debated at great length, espe-
cially by the Opposition, and now comes before
this House. In regard to the mere details of
the bill amendments might be proposed which
would or would not be of any very great con-
sequence. There may be matters which if one
had his own way exactly he would prefer to
the exact wording of the bill as it stands. But
I must call the attention of the House to the
fact that in order to get any such immaterial
amendment we must endanger the bill, and
thereby endanger the lives of many good peo-
ple in the State of Georgia. An attempt to
secure the adoption of any little amendment
which a man might think would make the bill
a little better, and which, perhaps, might make
it a little better, would simply endanger great
rights. Therefore I hope that no merely ver-
bal amendments, or any amendments which
arc not vital in the judgment of gentlemen on
this side of the House, will be either offered
or pressed.
The first section of the bill provides that the
Governor of the State of Georgia shall forth-
with by proclamation call together the Legis-
lature. The amendment of the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Beck] proposes that the Legis-
lature shall liot^be convened within less than
thirty nor more than sixty days after the date
of the proclamation. Wrong and murder
have gone on in the State of Georgia long
enough; and it is our duty at the earliest, pos-
sible hour to interpose; and I may be per-
mitted to call attention to the fact that the
other branch of Congress thought it so clearly
their duty to take prompt action that they did
a thing almost unheard of at this stage of a ses-
sion ; they sat out this bill at a night session in
order that they might afford relief to the suffer-
ing Union men, black and white, in the State
of Georgia. This section calls upon the Gov-
ernor to convene the Legislature forthwith.
The next amendment of the gentleman from
Kentucky provides that the Governor shall
order elections to bo held to fill vacancies
before the Legislature shall be called together.
Sir, if I could suppose that the Congress of the
United States would listen for one moment to
that proposition I should suppose the com-
mission of a great wrong. Let me state some
of the vacancies that there exists in that body.
One senator has been murdered; two repre-
sentatives, white and colored, have been mur-
dered since we adjourned, and two murdered
before. Standing here in my place in the
spring, at our late session, I warned members
of the House that if they postponed a bill for
the settlement of the affairs of Georgia on their
heads would be the blood of more than one man.
And two of the Legislature who came up here
with the Governor to represent the condition
of Georgia, and were in the House and heard
my words of warning, who went out from this
floor, were murdered before they had reached
their homes, to which they were returning.
And the Governor of the State of Georgia has
offered in vain since a reward of $5,000 for the
arrest of their murderers. GeneralTerry, the
able and efficient commander in that district,
