1558
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
desired nothing but impartial justice; the case
was ably argued twice nt different terms, in
order that the most thorough examination, dis-
cussion, and deliberation might be had on a
matter of such magnitude. And what, under
the circumstances, was the duty of the court?
It was to decide whether the parties plaintiff
were citizens according to the Constitution.
That was incumbent upon them, and there was
no alternative. This necessarily brought up
to the attention and consideration of the court
the condition of the parties. They were of
African descent, and the question naturally
arose, and it was so argued, are they citizens
of the United States and qualified to sue in its :
courts? A large majority of the court decided
that they were not citizens of the United States.
I did not suppose that any one would have
found fault with the court for the performance
of this duty. They were bound to decide
according to their convictions; but the com-
plaint was, as was stated by the Senator from
Delaware yesterday, that they departed from
this question and went into an argument upon
the condition of this class of people and the
right of masters to take them into the Terri-
tories of the United States. We all know that
there was great excitement in the country at
that period in reference to the constitutional
right of a master to take his slaves north of
the Missouri line of 86° 80". Some of these
parties bad been taken by their owners north
of the Missouri line into what was called free
territory, and this fact necessarily brought to
the consideration and examination of the court
the question whether the owner of a slave had
a right to take him into a Territory of the
United States. _
That decision,I know, has been animadverted
upon here as it has been elsewhere. But have
•not other decisions been condemned ? Was not
that upon the fugitive slave law severely criti-
cised in the country, and probably in Congress
too, by the Free-8oilers? The senior Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] said in refer-
ence to it that he did not feel bound to sustain
that law after the Supreme Court had decided
in favor of its constitutionality: and yet that
decision was made by a unanimous court.
There was perfect unanimity upon the question
of its constitutionality.
But I have waited with anxiety to hear a
refutation of any single position which the
Sopreme Court took in the decision of the Dred
Scott case. I know it is easy to censure a decis-
ion And get up a political clamor against it, but
I want to know if any single position of fact
or of law which that court announced has ever
been successfully controverted. I have pot
heard it attempted in the Senate of the United
States. 1 have not heard a single argument
against the correctness of the legal positions or
to any statement of fact asserted by the court.
Atid now, when a case has been so solemnly
adjedicated by a court formitig one of the coor-
dinate branches of the Government, and whose
duty itis to determine grave constitutional ques-
tions, I ask if any reason can be assigned against
the decision of that case or any of the princi-
ples involved in it ? Denunciation should be
disregarded by an intelligent people while the
principles of the opinion stand unassailed and
irrefragable.
What were some of the propositions of lav
decided by that tribunal?
1. That when the Constitution was adopted
persons of African descent were not regarded
in any of the States as members of the com-
munity which constituted the States, and were
not numbered among its people or citizens;
consequently, the special rights and immuni-
ties guarantied to citizens did not apply to
them.
2. That no State could by any subsequent
law make:a foreigner or any other description
of persons citizens of the United Statds.
8. That a State might by its laws put a for-
ef&n£r. o'f any btHfef dfe'scrintioh of persons ^
Bpdn Vfooting 'With its o#i  cltizetts f Bbt'that
would not make him a citizen of the United
States, nor entitle him to sue in its courts, nor
to any of the privileges and immunities of a
citizen in another State.
The disqualification of the African race was
as radical, fundamental, and perfect as lan-
guage could make it. This is by a coordinate
department of the Government, existing by the
same Constitution as Congress ; in its origin,
design, and objects as thoroughly constitu-
tional; in its powers and jurisdiction superior,
because State and national legislation is meas-
ured and limited by the Constitution according
to its judgment. Its decisions and decrees are
as binding as the Constitution itself.
The court, in determining what constituted
a citizen, said,
"The words 'people of the United States' and
" citizen' are synonymous terms, and mean the same
thing. They both describe the political body who
according to our republican institutions form the
sovereignty, and hold the power, and conduct tne
Government through their representatives, -the^
are what we familiarly call the ' sovereign people,
and every citizen is one of this people and a constit-
uent member of this sovereignty."
After thus declaring what elements were ne-
cessary to the character of a citizen, they
examine into the condition of the African race,
and their relations to society and the Govern-
ment, and declare that—
" They are not, and are not included, and were not
intended to be included under the word 'citizens' in
the Constitution, and can therefore claim none of
the rights and privileges which that instrument pro-
vides for and secures to citizens of the United.States.
On the contrary, they were at that time (when the
Constitution was formed) considered as a subordinate
and inferior class of beings, who had been subjugated
by the dominant race, and, whether emancipated or
not, yet remained subject to their authority; that it
was not the province of the court to decide upon the
justice or injustice, the policy or impolicy of these
laws; the decision of that question belonged to the
political or law-making power, to those who formed
the sovereignty and framed the Constitution.
As illustrative of these positions, the court
referred to enactments in several of the States
which were in force at the time and long ante-
rior to the period when the Constitution was
established.
Chancellor Kent, a northern man, without
sympathy for slavery, in his commentaries upon
the law, said:
" The act of Congress confines the description of
aliens capable of naturalization to freo white per-
sons. I presume this excludes the inhabitants of
Africa and their descendants. Perhaps there might
be difficulties also as to the copper-colored natives
of Americaor the yellow or tawny races of the Asiat-
ics, and it may well be doubted whether any of
them are white persons within tho purview of the
law."
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Davis]
and the Senator from Delaware [Mr. Sauls-
fury] have shown that disqualifications ex-
isted in regard to all this race of people before
and at the time of the formation of the Con-
stitution, in all the States. There was not a
single State in the Union which had not in its
laws or constitution some provision of dis-
qualification or restriction against them. In
twelve of the thirteen States slavery existed
at the time of the formation of the Constitu-
tion, and in all the States some restrictive pro-
visions existed, showing a clear and manifest
distinction between people of African descent
and the white race, that they were not a con-
stituent part of the Government, managed none
of its concerns, and were not citizens in the
view of the law.
Massachusetts imposed upon any negro or
mulatto who should presume to strike any per-
son of the English or other Christian nation the
penalty of severe whipping, and heavy fines
upon any one who should solemnize a marriage
between any of the English or Scottish sub-
jects, or of any other Christian nation, with
any negro or mulatto.
In New Hampshire, as late as 1815, the Le-
gislature of that State, in their militia law, con-
fined the enrollment of militia to free white
citizens ; and iti af collection of the laws of that
State, triads in 1855, the Same provision is to
be found.
The Senator from Michigan yesterday, in
reference to citizenship, said :
"But I hold that in the sense of the Constitution
every person born free within the limits of a State,
not connected with a foreign minister s family, is
born a citizen of the United States, whether he be
white or black. Nativity imparts citizenship in all
countries; and that is sufficient for my purpose. I
carry this doctrine without hesitation so tar as to
assert that even a black man born a slave shall, so
far as citizenship is concerned in this country, be
held to have been a citizen from his birth.
That is the only semblance of an argument
which I have heard upon this subject ot citi-
zenship from the Senator from Michigan. His
language cannot be misconstrued, for he says
that he carries this doctrine so far as to assert
"that even a black man born a slave shall, so
far as citizenship is concerned in this_ country,
beheld to have been a citizen from his birth."
I have heard the Senator before, when arguing
a bad case, make a plausible speech; but this
is the weakest I ever heard fall from his lips,
that a man born a slave in a slave State is a
citizen of the State or of the United States by
virtue of his birth 11 a man who could be sold
by his master, taken where he pleased to carry
him, and dispose of his services, and who had
command of his labor; a man bora in slavery
to be a citizen of the United States 1!!
Why, sir, was there ever such a doctrine as
this promulgated before to an intelligent peo-
ple ? Can it be possible that those who framed
the Constitution meant to include African
slaves as citizens of the United States? I am
not apprised whether the Senator meant by
this declaration that the civil rights bill or the
fourteenth amendment made these people free
from birth ; in other words, that this law and
this amendment had a retroactive operation. I
do not know whether such could be his mean-
ing. I lay it down as a legal opinion, a propo-
sition which cannot be controverted, that all
laws are prospective unless by explicit words
they are made retroactive. Now, this consti-
tutional amendment and this civil rights act
declare that all persons born in the United
States and all persons naturalized are citizens
of the United States, and itis the same as if it
read, and the true meaning is, that all persons
who now possess birthright and rights of nat-
uralization in the United States are now, and
are hereby, made citizens of the United States
and of the States wherein they reside from this
date.
The thirteenth amendment declared, that
neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, ex-
cept as a punishment for crime, should exist
within the United States; the emancipation
thus effected, itwas conceded, did not raakecit-
izens of the persons thus liberated ; hence the
fourteenth amendment was concocted to make
them citizens; it provides that "all persons
born or naturalized in the United States and
subject to the jurisdiction thereof are citizens
of the United States." The present, not the
imperfect tense is used ; and it has not here-
tofore been claimed that such language could
reach back to the birth and impart a new polit-
ical quality to classes and races of men. Such
an imputed quality would repudiate the por-
tions of the Constitution for the importation
of slaves down to the year 1808 and for the
reclamation of fugitives. They were used only
as descriptive of the persons intended to be
embraced, whether negroes, mulattoes, quad-
roons, octoroons, or Indians. To pontend that
all such persons were made citizens from birth,
by relating back to that period of tirpe, can
scarcely commend itself to the imagination of
the extremest enthusiast. .
In a debate in the Senate of the United
States, I think in January, 1866, to be found
in the sixty-ninth volume of the Globe, when
the civil rights bill was before the Senate,
reference was made in the discussion by Mr.
Johnson and others to the thirteenth amend-
ment of the Constitution, which abolished
slavery; and Something was said about the effect
of that amendment upon the 'condition of the
persons th^n liberated. SdiAtf were disposed
