1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1559
to give it a limited effect; but the Senator
from Micliigau, wlio spoke yesterday, [Mr.
Howard,] said:
"No. sir; such was not the intention of the advo-
cates of this amendment. Its intention was to make
him the opposite of a slave, to make him a freeman.
And what are the attributes of a freeman according
to the universal understanding of the American
people? Isafrooinan to be deprived of tho right
of acquiring property, of the right of having a family,
children, home? What definition do yoa attach
to tho word ' freeman' that does not include these
ideas?"—Globe, vol. 69. p. 501.
Here is the definition given by the Senator
from Michigan iu 1866 of what constituted a
freeman, one made free by the constitutional
amendment and the civil rights bill, and he
enumerates these qualifications. But he does
not include citizenship; he does not embrace
the rights of citizens of the United States; he
does not even pretend that one thus liberated
by the Constitution was a citizen of the United
States. No, sir; bat his definition embraces
other matters which fall far short of that of a
citizen of the United States. If the idea then
existed in the mind of the Senator that an indi-
vidual born in the United States, though bora
of slave parents, was by virtue of his birth a
citizen of the United States, would he not a
fortiori have been a citizen of the United
States when emancipated by a constitutional
amendment? The idea was not then enter-
tained by the Senator from Michigan that the
emancipation of slaves by the constitutional
amendment conferred npon them the rights of
citizenship; it is an afterthought, and in con-
sonance with the progress of events and the
new suggestion recently made in this body, that
definitions advance.
The first naturalization law was passed by
Congress in 1790, and it confines the right of
becoming citizens to aliens being free white
persons. If the Congress of the United States
at that early period did not recognize a mani-
fest distinction between the races, whydid they
confine naturalization to free white persons ?
Why did they not make the provision general,
to include all persons, or at least the Africans ?
If they had deemed these people citizens of
the Uuited States, or if they had considered
them of a race equal to their own, they would
not have made this distinction in their first act
for the naturalization of foreigners. If these
people were worthy to be citizens here, why
were they not worthy to be naturalized ?
In 1792 a law was passed by Congress for
the enrollment and discipline of the militia, and
it directs—
"That every free able-bodied white male citisen
shall be enrolled in the militia."
The word " white " is evidently used to ex-
clude the African race,and the word '' citizen''
to exclude unnaturalized foreigners; the latter
forming no part of the sovereignty, owing it
no allegiance, and being nnder no obligation
to defend it.
If these people were citizens of the United
States, and we were about to have the militia
enrolled that they might be disciplined and pre-
pared for the defense of the country whenever
it might be invaded by a hostile foe, I ask,
why did Congress, in 1792, exclude them from
being enrolled ? Was it because of any tender
favoritism to them? No, sir; but it was on
the ground that they were not citizens of the
United States.
But as late as 1813 we find this discrimination
preserved. A statute of that year declared—
"That from and after the termination of the war
in which the United States are now engaged with
Great Britain it shall not be lawful to employ on
board of any public or private vessels of the United
States any person or persons except citizens of the
United States, or persons of color, natives of the
United States."
Here the disjunctive is used. Itis expressly
declared that none but "citizens of the United
States or persons of color, born in the United
States, shall be employed on board of any pub-
lic or private vessel of the United States."
Could language be more definite or emphatic?
Could it convey to the mind any clearer or
more distinct idea that these people were not
citizens when we were in actual war with
Great Britain ? In the midst of that war, in
1813, when the service of every man was re-
quired in the defense of his country, Congress
declared that there was a distinction between
the white and colored races by designating the
whites as citizens and the other as "persons
of color, natives of the United States."
But as late as 1820 this distinction is kept
up by Congress. In that year, in the charter
of the city of Washington, the corporation is
authorized to restrain and prohibit'' the nightly
and other disorderly meetings of slaves ana free
negroes and mulattoes," and after prescribing
the punishment that might be inflicted on the
slaves, it proceeds in the following words:
" And to punish such free negroes and mulattoes
by penalties not exceeding twenty dollars for any
one offense; and in case of the inability of any such
free negro or mulatto to pay any such penalty and
costs thereon, to cause him or her to be confined to
labor for any time not exceeding six calendar
months."
In the same law they authorized the corpor-
ation to prescribe the terms and conditions
upon which free negroes and mulattoes might
reside in the city of Washington. They were
empowered to impose degrading punishments
upon these people "for nightly and other dis-
orderly meetings." They are denominated
" slaves, free negroes, and mulattoes." These
three descriptions of persons are placed under
the authority of the corporation of Washing-
ton, with power to punish and to prescribf the
terms and conditions upon whicn they might
come into the District. If Congress believed
these people to be citizens of the United States
would they have authorized to be imposed
any such conditions as these ? If they had not
considered them an inferior race, not citizens,
not entitled to the rights of citizens, they never
could have given their sanction to such restric-
tions and prohibitions. It would have been
unconstitutional and revolting to the better
feelings of the community, and no such law
could have been long continued in existence.
The Attorney General was called upon to
give an opinion in reference to the condition
of one of these classes. This was in 1821, and
he declared—
" That the words' citizens ofthe United States' were
used in the act of Congress in the same sense as in
the Constitution, and that free persons of color were
not citiiens within the meaning of the Constitution
and laws."
That was the opinion of Mr. Wirt, that the
word " citizens" did not apply to such per-
sons ; that when it was nsed in the laws it was
used in the sense of the Constitution. This
opinion has been confirmed by another Attor-
ney General, Caleb Cushing, esq., in a case
acted upon by the Secretary of State, who re-
fused to grant passports to them as citizens of
the United States. The law which authorizes
passports to be given to citizens of the United
States for protection abroad was adjudged by
the Attorney General not to apply to free per-
sons of color, not to apply to persons of Afri-
can descent, but only to the white race. We
have not only the decisions of the Supreme
Court, and the commentary of Chancellor Kent,
notonly the opinions of the Attorneys General,
but we have the sanction of Congress. We
have every department of the Government—
the judicial, the executive, and the legisla-
tive—giving the same construction to this term
"citizens" as used in the Constitution, and
they all agree and concur that the definition
does not embrace persons of African descent.
We all know that a State may confer upon
persons of this or any other race the rights of
citizenship, that it may authorize them to
enjoy and exercise certain rights which citizens
enjoy; but this cannot make them citizens of
the United States. A State might before this
constitutional amendment have given to a
Chinaman, a Japanese, or a Hottentot the
rights and privileges of citizenship; but that
could not make them citizens of the United
States, nor confer upon them any rights as
such. The Constitution says that citizens of
one State shall enjoy the same rights and priv-
ileges as citizens of other States when they
go into those States. What are some of the
rights which one citizen enjoys as a citizen of
the United States, according to the constitu-
tional term ; that is what rights does he enjoy
when he goes into another State? These are
some of the rights, privileges, and immunities:
1. To travel into and sojourn in it.
2. To purchase and hold real estate.
3. To enter into trade and commerce.
4. To exercise the freedom of speech and
the freedom of the press.
5. To give testimony in court.
6. To intermarry with white persons.
7. To enter public hotels, churches, steam-
boats, and other public places with white peo-
ple.
8. To be exempt from all degrading punish-
ments.
A class of people that were not allowed these
privileges in the States where they resided were
not the people to whom they were secured by
this provision of the Constitution:
"The citiiens of each State shall be entitled to all
the privileges and immunities of citizens in the sev-
eral States."
A people to whom they are denied are not
citizens.
A class of persons that were not allowed these
privileges in the States where they resided were
not the people to whom these privileges were
secured by this provision of the Constitution.
Could the people spoken of by the Senator
from Michigan as citizens of the United States,
whether negroes or mulattoes, persons of Afri-
can descent, whether free or slave—could they
have enjoyed any of these privileges which I
have enumerated before the adoption of the
civil rights bill or the fourteenth constitu-
tional amendment? If they could not go into
another State and enjoy all these privileges
and immunities they were not citizens, because
a citizen of one State who was entitled in his
own State to these privileges and immunities,
if he went into another State had the same
right to their enjoyment as he had in the
State in which he lived.
Neither a person of African descent, whether
free or slave, could enjoy any of these privi-
leges if he went into another State, nor could
he at home. Not enjoying them at home, of
course he coald not enjoy them if he left his
home; and shall it now be said that a person
who could not enjoy one single privilege which
I have enumerated in his own State could be a
citizen of the United States within the mean-
ing of the Constitution ?
The Constitution is to be construed, as the
courts say, from contemporaneous history, and
from the circumstances which existed at the
time of its formation, and the condition of the
people of all classes in the country at that
time. The Supreme Court has reviewed the
whole subject, and given to this instrument
the construction whioh would have been given
to it by the fathers of the Constitution had
they been at that period in the counsels of the
court. We are not to construe the Constitution
from our present stand-point, looking to the
surrounding circumstances which now exist.
We are not now to give it an interpretation
according to our fancy or our wish, but we
are to contemporize ourselves; to place our-
selves in the stand-point of our fathers when
the Constitution was made; we are to look at
the condition of society then and at all the cir-
cumstances; to look at those who formed a
constituent part of the Government and those
who were within the term "citizens." Can
it be said that our fathers intended this term
" citizens" to embrace persons of color? Surely
not; and if we will only examine this subject
from the stand-point of 1787, we cannot hesi-
tate a moment to conclude that it never was
intended to embrace negroes or mulattoes.
The Supreme Court, in the case alluded to,
in speaking of the construction to be pat upor
