1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4391
the words "a deputy or deputies" and insert "his
deputies or assistants."
In section seventeen, lino eighteen, after the word
*' his" insert the words " clerk hire, not exceeding
$1,200 per annum."
In section seventeen, line eighteen, strike out tho
word** "two thousand five hundred" and insert the
wmds " four thousand."
In section seventeen, line thirty-six, strikeoutthe
v/'M-d " personal."
In section eighteen, line eight, strike out the word
" absolutely."
In section eighteen, lines ten and eleven, strike
oui the words " by said attorney, assistant, or dep-
uty."
In section eighteen, lines eleven and twelve, strike
out the woids "and of felony."
Xu section nineteen, line six, aftertlieword "com-
pbnnt" insert the words "under oath."
In section nineteen, line eight, strike out the words
"or a judge thereof."
Add the following at the end of section nineteen :
And. all acts of Congress authorizing justices of tho
peace to sit at the respective station-houses to hear
charges ag'iinst persons who may be arrested and
carried thereto, and fixing compensation therefor,
are hereby repealed.
In section twenty, line one, strike out the words
"either of the judges" and insert the words "the
judge."
In section twenty-two, line two, strike out tho
word " thirty" and insert the word " ten."
And that the Senate agrree to the same.
H.HAMLIN.
MATT. H. CARPENTER,
GEORGE VICKE11S,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
BURTON C. COOK,
U. WELKER,
JOHN FOX,
Managers on the part of the Howse.
The House of Representatives lias agreed to
this report, and I move that the Senate concur
in the report of the committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to.
bill become a i,aw.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Secretary,
announced that the bill(S. No. 95) in relation
to the Hot Springs reservation in Arkansas,
having been presented to the President of the
United States on the 31st of May last, and not
having been approved and signed by him or
returned to the Senate, in which it originated,
within the time prescribed by the Constitution
of the United States, had become a law under
the provisions of said Constitution.
pension appropriation bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I submit the
following report from a committee of confer-
ence:
Tho committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of tho two Houses oil tlieamondmenttothebill
(H. R. No. 781) making appropriations for tho pay-
ment of invalid and other pensions of the United
States for the year ending June SO. 1871, having met,
after full and free conference havei been unable to
aaree 3,. M. MORRILL,
J. W. NYE,
JOHN P. STOCKTON,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
W. II. KELSEY,
W. E. NIBLACK.
BEN.J. I\ BUTLER,
Managers 071 the part of the House.
I hope this report will be adopted, and then
I propose to ask for a new committee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It merely needs a motion
further to insist.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move, then,
that the Senate further insist on its amendment,
disagreed to by the House, and ask for another
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses, the conferees on the part of the Senate
to be appointed by the Chair.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT subsequently said :
The Chair desires to announce the second com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the amendment of the
Senate to the pension appropriation bill. The
Senator from Maine, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, has asked the Chair
to appoint the committee from the two commit-
tees which have charge of the point distinctly
in issue, the Naval and Pension Committees.
The Chair, therefore, appoints theSenator from
Missouri, [Mr. Drake,] the Senator from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Edmunds.] and the Senator from
Kentucky, [Mr. McCreery.]
legislative appropriation bill.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, of Maine]'
the Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 974) making
appropriations for the legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of tho Government for
the year ending June 30, 1871, disagreed to by
the House; and,
On motion by Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, it
was
Resolve<1, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill disagreed to by tho House of
Representatives, and asreo to the conference asked
by tho House on the disagreeing votes of tho two
Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on tho part of the Sen-
ate be appointed by the Vice Picsident.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr. Mor-
rill of Maine, Mr. Morrill of Vermont, and
Mr. Bayard.
apportionment of representation.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the bill (H. R. No. 1823) to provide for the
apportionment of Representatives in Congress
among the several States; the pending ques-
tion being on concurring in the amendment
made as in Committee of the Whole, striking
out the words "two hundred and seventy live"
wherever they occur in the bill, and inserting
"three hundred" as the number of the House
of Representatives.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I dislike to interrupt
the Senator lrom Ohio, but 1 wanted to state
to him precisely how this matter stood.
Mr. THURMAN. That is just what I want
to know.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Under the law which
has passed at this session for taking the census,
the marshals have until the 10th day of Sep-
tember to make their returns Io the Superin-
tendent here at Washington. That is the limit.
They are bound to make them by the 10th day
of September from all the States. Now, if
the Senator will look at the second section he
will see that it is the duty of the superintend-
ent "immediately" after he receives these
returns to make his report to the Secretary of
the Interior ; but lest he should not do it imme-
diately, we have said he shall do it by tiie lstof
October at any rate. 1 have had a conversa-
tion with the Superintendent on the subject,
and he thinks he can certainly do it by that
time, the 1st of October, and hopes to dp it
sooner. But it is his duty, and the law requires
him to do it immediately when he gets the
returns, and then it is the duty of the Secretary
of the Interior to notiiy the States of the
apportionment that is made.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President- 
Mr. MORTON. Let me call the attention
of the Senator from Ohio, and also of the Sen-
ator from Illinois, to one thing in connection
with this amendment. By this amendment
this report is required to be made by the Super-
intendent to the Secretarywof the Interior on
the 1st of October.
Mr. TRUMBULL. "Immediately" after
he gets the returns.
Mr. MORTON. Or by the 1st of Ocloher.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, or by that lime;
at any rate by that time.
Mr. MORTON. So that he will feel like taking
his time until the 1st of October, and then he
will make the calculation and determine what
States will be entitled to additional represent-
ation by determining and publishing the basis
of representation iii each State. That will
give us nine days prior to the election in Ohio
and Indiana.
Mr. THURMAN. The election is on the
11th.
Mr. MORTON. Then it will give us only
eleven days, and until the 1st of October we shall
not know whether we are entitled to another
Representative or not, and there will be some
inconvenience to political parties in selecting
their candidates and getting them upon the
track. I therefore think, in order to insure
no failure in the States that hold their elections
on the second Tuesday in October, that this
report ought to be made by the 20th of Sep-
tember ; and I suggest that change.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That isafter the Vermont
election. We elect on the first Tuesday in Sep-
tember, and Maine elects on the second Tues-
day of September.
Mr. MORTON. I suggest that the period
named here will probably be too late for our
States
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will say to the Senator
from Indiana that without a change of the cen-
sus law that has already been passed, and
which I suppose was passed on consideration,
and having this matter in view at that time,
the returns are not required to be iu until the
10th of September. I should have no objection
to sayiifg "until the 20th of September," if
the Senatorthinks that would be long enough.
But if we keep in the words making it his duty
to do it "immediately," I hope he will do it
before the 20th of September. That date wa.s
put in as a limitation beyond which he should
not go at any rate. It is made his duty to do
it immediately. We might strike out the 1st
of October and name any other time if the
Senate think it can be done sooner.
Mr. MORTON. I wish si in ply to call attention
to the fact that when officers have a certain time
fixed within which they may do a thing they do
not press generally their work as they might
otherwise do.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is very true, I will
say to tho Senator from Indiana; but the per-
son having in charge a matter of this kind of
course will see that it is important, and will do
all he can to hasten it. However, that is au
immaterial point.
Mr. MORTON. The Secretary of the Inte-
rior himself will not get the returns until the
1st of October, and it may be almost the day
of election before we know in Ohio and Indiana
whether we are to elect additional Represent-
atives or not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It will be after the day
of election with us in Vermont and in Maine.
The difficulty is a radical one.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President 
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the pending
question, if the Senator will pardon me for
asking?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is on
striking out " two hundred and seventy-five"
and inserting "three hundred," wherever it
occurs in the bill.
Mr. THURMAN. We lose no time by this
colloquy, as this is a matter that should be
understood, because it is vital perhaps to the
bill. Here are a number of States that hold
elections for members of Congress on the second
Tuesday of October. Ohio, Indiana, Nebras-
ka, Pennsylvania, and I think several other
States, hold their elections on the 11th of Oc-
tober, and unless their Legislatures can be called
together and postpone the time of election,
which would subject them to the expense of
extra sessions ot their Legislatures, there will
be this difficulty that has been suggested.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is bringing up
another matter. The question under consider-
ation, the Senator from Ohio will allow me to
say, is whether we shall have a House of two
hundred and seventy-five or three hundred
members. When we come to the other point,
I wish to suggest, and I would suggest it now
but I am afraid that is going to lead to debate
again, that there has already passed the House
of Representatives a bill fixing the same day for
the election of members of Congress through-
out the United States, which has been re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary of this
body. It has been reported back to the Senate
without amendment and is lying on our tables.
I ask the Senator from Indiana to hear this
statement.
Mr. MORTON. Certainly. . . ,
Mr. TRUMBULL. _ This is anticipating
another part of the subject, the question being
now as to the number of the ^louss j but L "wisa
