THE CONGRESSIONAL GLO$E.
May 13,
they ordinarily have been, in the enumeration
on this page.
. The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenator does
not propose to increase the appropriation ?
Mr. FERRY. No, sir.
The amendment was agreed to.
.Mr. FERRY, I have two other amendments
from the Committee on Contingent Expenses.
On, page 4, line seventy-one, 1 move to strike
out the word '''thirty" and to insert "forty,." so
as to increase the appropriation to $40,000;
and I will state the reason why.- It .will be
seen that the appropriation now "for clerks
to committees, pages, hqrses, and carryalls,"
altogether, is 530,000, The actual expense
for the last year, I think, was something over
forty-five thousand dollars. The estimate, I
suppose, has been made, as ordinarily, for the
short session ; but when it is considered that
the present session may continue for the month
of July, and possibly for August, in the next
fiscal year, and that by existing law we have
also now the first session of the next Congress,
which during the last two years has taken the
months of March and April, we have to pro-
vide for these expenditures for from five to six
months; and. if we have merely the last ses-
sion of the present Congress and the first
session of the next Congress to provide for,
the amount appropriated by the Committee
on Appropriations will fall short certainly
from ten to fifteen thousand dollara. The
Committee on Contingent Expenses are very
desirous to get through this year without a
deficiency bill. The deficiency bill for the
contingent fund for last year was about thirty
thousand dollars. With the estimates as made
by the committer, by careful examination of
the expenses of the past year and estimates of
the future, we think that if the additions are j
made which the committer have reported they
trill be sufficient to carry us through without
a deficiency bill. That is the reason -why we
moye the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FERRY. I have one more amendment
from the same committee. On psige 4, line
seventy-nine,! movetostrikeout "eight" and
insert "twelve;" The present appropriation is
" for labor, $8,000." For the current fiscal
year from July, 1869, taking the expenses !
already incurred, and estimating in that ratio
up to July next, it will be about fifteen thousand :
dollars. For the same reason that I stated in i
reference to the last estimate the committee '
think this appropriation will be insufficient. !
The committee have,therefore, moved to amend ;
the clause by raising it from $8,000 to $12,000.
Notice of this, amendment was given to the ;
Committee on Appropriations. i
The amendment was agreed to. j
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to ask
the Senator a question. I have a memorandum
on the fourth page, " for additional temporary,
clerks,. $9,000. Has that been moved ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator ;
from Connecticut moved to add after " clerks
to committees" the words "and temporary |
clerks." !
Mr. FERRY. Simply to insert " temporary j
clerks," who are omitted in the enumeration j
of clerks; but nothing is appropriated in that
amendment.
, , Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is al-
ready in? .
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is already
in ; and the total amount of the three items is
raised to $40,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I offer an amend-
ment, to come in as an additional section :
And be it further enacted, Thatsection five of an act
approved March 3,1841, entitled "An act making
appropriations for the naval service for the year
.1841." shall, be construed to have authorised and
to authorise the naval officers and surveyors therein
mentioned to receive the maximum compensation
oO $6,000 and $4,500, respectively, as therein named,
out. ot any and all tees -and emoluments by them
rScoived.
I submit this amendment at the instance
of the Attorney General and the Secretary of
the Treasury, who have sent me their notes
respectively within the last half hour, and
my colleague, who understands this matter,
has kindly consented to state the facts to the
Senate.
Mr. HAMLIN. I believe these are the facts:
in 1841—I can read the statute if any Senator
desires it—it was found that the collectors of
customs were receiving very exorbitant fees
and compensation from what were called stor-
age accounts, and in 1841 a statute was passed
which limited the storage account in Boston to
$6,000, in New York to $6,000, and in the'
several enumerated ports in the States. It
also provided the same limitation upon sur-
veyors and naval officers. It was a limitation.
It was a reduction upon the fees which they
were receiving, and from 1841 until a little
more than one year ago all those officers re1
ceived the compensation named, in that statute.
The Commissioner of Customs made a won-
derful discovery about a year and a half ago,
that the law of 1841, which gave to1 these offi-
cers that amount of salary, did not give it to
them by $2,000. He got a Ijind of an opinion
from the Attorney General, which I have here,
and which was given really upon a wrong state-
ment of the case. I am quite sure if I could
have seen the Attorney General and explained
to him the case precisely as it is the opinion
never would have been given.
The offices of surveyor and nay^l officer, from
the foundation of theGovernment, have always
borne a relative proportion, coming very near
to that of collector of the port where these
officers are, from their responsibility and the
responsibility of the office. Under that con-
struction, the naval officer in Boston to-day
gets $4,600 and the surveyorgets $4,500, just
what his chief clerk $nd deputy gets, and no;
more. This section, therefore, i-s pimply to de-
clare the law of 1841 just what it is and noth-
ing else, and to give to these officers the com-
pensation they have had from the passage of
the law of 1841 down to about a year ago. It
is.recommended by the Secretary of theTreas-
ury, and I understand the Commissioner of
Customs, who gave th& decision, says there
should be a correction of it by law. It is to
meet that that my colleague has offered this
amendment. It ought to be adopted by the
Seuate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Maine.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am instructed by the
Committee on Finance to offer the following
amendment, to come in at the end of the bill
as an additional section:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That from and
after the close of the present fiscal year the annual
compensation ofthe several assistants in oach of the
Executive Departments, the Second Comptroller, the
Commissioner of Customs, the Solicitor and Register,
of the Treasury, the Auditors of the Treasury, the
Commissioner of Pensions, the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs, and the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, shall be $4,000.
Mr. EDMUNDS. • Whatis theii; compensa-
tion now ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I suppose it is apparent
to every one that this amendment is intended
to increase the salaries of the several officers
named. I have been unanimously instructed
by the Committee on Finance to report this as
an amendment to the pending bill and recom-
mend its passage, on, the ground that the salaries
that are named, in this amendment are abso-
lutely necessary, notto sayjust, but absolutely
necessary to enable these officers to support
themselves and their families.
Mr. MORTON. You had better explain
who these officers are, as some Senators do not
seem to understand it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. To satisfy the Senator
from Indiana and other Senators I will state
that this amendment i ncludes the several Assist-
ant Secretaries in each of the Executive Depart-
ments—the Assistant Secretary of State, the
Assistant Secretary of the Interior, the Assist-
ant Secretary of the Treasury, and all those
Assistants.
Mr. MORTON. The Assistant Postmaster
General?
Mr. WILLIAMS. And the Assistant Post-
master General. All the assistants are in-
cluded, and their compensation, is fixed at,
$4,000 a year. Then the Second Comptroller
is named in this amendment, who now receives
$3,000 ayear. The First Comptroller receives
$5,000 at this time, and the Second Comp-
troller $3,000; The Second Comptroller, a
man who discharges some of the most respons-
ible duties that devolve upon any officer of
this Government, a man who passes accounts
amounting^ to millions upon millions every
year, receives the miserable and niggardly
compensation of $3,000 a year, while the
First Comptroller receives at this time $5,000.
There is no sort of doubt in my mind but that
the salary of the Second Comptroller ought to
be made $5,000; but it was thought advisable
not to venture too far in these times of econ-
omy, and so we put it at $4,000. Then the
amendment includes the Commissioner of Cus-
toms, who now receives $3,000; the Solicitor
and Register of the Treasury, and the several
Auditors of the Treasury. The First, Second,
Third, and Fourth Auditors of the Treasury
receive now $3,000 per annum, and this amend-
ment proposes to make their salaries $4,000.
Then it includes the Commissioner of Pensions,
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, and the
Commissioner of the General Land Office. It
includes all the Auditors of the Treasury.
The expression of the amendment is, "the
Auditors of the Treasury."
Mr. EDMUNDS. How about the Comp-
trollers of the Treasury; how do they stand
now?
Mr. WILLIAMS. The First Comptroller
now receives $5,000, and the Second Comp-
troller $3,000.
Mr. EDMUNDS. ■ Ought he not to have
more?
Mr. WILLJAJffSI I think he ought to have
$5,000. ' '1
Mr. EDMUNDS. You cannot make a dis-
tinction between him and the Auditors.
Mr. WILLIAMS. But I propose to pay the
Second Comptroller $4,000 by this amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is that in the printed
amendment ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did not tiotice it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Oregon.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
venture to suggest to the Senator from Oregon
that he add to his amendment the words " and
the amount necessary to pay the foregoing sal-
aries is hereby appropriated." Otherwise, the
amendment will simply raise the salaries with-
out appropriating the money to pay them,
Mr. WiLLIAMS. That occurred to me;
but the amendment provides that this increase
shall take effect after the close of the present
fiscal year.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But this appropriation
bill i3 for the next fiscal year.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
has now the proper words written out: " and the
amount necessary to pay the foregoing salaries
is hereby appropriated out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated."
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask to have the amend-
ment amended in that way.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amendment
will be.made if there be no objection.
Mr. DRAKE. 1 am instructed by the Com
mittee on Naval Affairs to move to amend the
bill on page 50, line twelve hundred and eight-
