1560
ffifi CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
(he Constitution, remarked "that no one-sup-
posed that any change in public opinion or
feeling, in relation to this unfortunate race,
in the civilized nations of Europe or in this
country, should induce the court to give to the
words of the Constitution a more liberal con-
struction in their favor than they were intended
to bear when the instrument was framed and
adopted; that, such an argument would be
altogether inadmissible in any tribunal called
on to interpret it, and that if any of its pro-
visions were deemed unjust, there was a mode
prescribed in the instrument itself by which it
might be amended, but while it remained
unaltered, it should be construed as it was
understood at the time of its adoption." Every
legal hs well as common-sense impartial mind
must assent to the correctness and justice of
the conclusions of the court. It was the con-
viction and judgment of the Republican party,
in the force and legality of the decision and
reasoning of the court, that brought them to
the ordeal and necessity of a civil rights bill
and constitutional amendment. The circum-
stances of the time, all the legislation of the
■States extant when the Constitution was
formed, and all the subsequent legislation of
the States, down to a lute period, confirm and
establish this view of the subject, that there
was a plain, clear, manifest distinction made
between the white citizens and the African
race.
But Congress itself in recent years has sanc-
tioned this proceeding of our fathers, and con-
firmed this construction of the Constitution.
Why was the civil rights bill passed? Why
was the fourteenth constitutional amendment
proposed and accepted? If these people were,
according to the idea of the Senator from Michi-
gan, citizen®, ivhy did yon declare by your civil
rights bill and your constitutional amendment
that they are citizens of the United States? ■
AVould it have been necessary to do this?
Would it not have been a Work of supereroga-
tion? More, would it not have been, in the
language of the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Sumker,] who coined a word the other
day, a " ridiculosity ?" Would it not have
been, in the language of the Senator from Mis-
souri before me, [Mr. Schfrz,] who coined
another word, a " preposterosity ?" Why, sir,
it would have been perfectly ridiculous and
absurd in the Congress of "the United States
to propose amendments to the States, to ask
thefn in their legislative capacity, to deliberate
and determine whether they would amend the
Constitution by affixing to it a provision that
all persons in the United States should be
citizens. Where was the necessity if they were
already citizens? They are declared by this
amendment to be tatizents of th6 United States, '
and further, they are declared to be citizens of
the States.
I suppose there is not a Senator on this floor i
who voted either for the civil rights bill or for
the submission of the constitutional amend-' ;
ment to the Stattes, bat what believed it was
absolutely necessary And indispensable to make
these people citizens of the United States; with-
oat the passage of that bill in'the opinion of
some, and withoHt thepassage and jadoption of
the congtitutionalanBrendmenfcin thsopinion of
others, they would not have been citizens of the
United States. After the civil rights bill was
passed and when it pagsed there were serious
objections to it. It wasdoubtfnlin the mindsof !
many whether grants by legislative enactment
could make a citizen of t.he United States ;
whether it did not require a constitutional
amendment to make them such; and the bet-
ter opinion was that it did require it, because
by the Constitution they were not made citi-
zens. You proceeded on the very ground that it' ;
was absolutely requisite that the amendment
should be made which made the party now
claiming his seat a citizen of the United States !
from the time of its approval only; from that
time he became a citizen; and as nine years I
hflve not elapsed, how can we, upon our oaths I
and in view of the decisions of the Supreme
Court, the practice of the Government, the
decisions of all the State courts, the opinions
of the Attorneys General, say that in our opinion
he was a citizen of the United States before
the passage of the civil rights bill or of the
fourteenth constitutional amendment?
This is not a political but a judicial ques-
tion, and ought to be decided by us as judges
and not as politicians. Irt the Dred Scott case
the Supreme Court said—
"That, looking to the contemporaneous history
and to tlie contemporaneous legislation of the sev-
eral States atthe time the Constitution was adopted,
the use of tho word 'citizen,' as employed in that
Constitution, was to exclude tho African and every
race but the white."
The court looked into the construction of
this provision. They took a deliberate view
of the contemporaneous history of the States
and the condition of the country at the time.
This was proper and necessary to a full under-
standing of the subject. In a debate which
took place in the Senate of the United States
on the 7th of February, 1866, the senior Sen-
atorfrOm Massachusetts [Mi-.Sumner] assumed
the ground that no State had a republican gov-
ernment that tolerated slavery; and it was in
reference to that that the late Mr. Fessenden,
who was so distinguished in this body, as he
was in every public station which he occupied,
said in reply:
" I ask the question that ho may answer it, because
after all he will admit, as a lawyer, as we all must,
that fn construing a constitution, and construing a
statute and construing any provision, we look at
contemporaneous history in the first place, and wo
lo.ok more particularly, when endeavoring to find out
what the sense of an instrument is, at alt its clauses
in order to got the meaning of all, for one explains
the other. It would seem to me that tho Senator
went a little too far with his argument as to the guar-
antee clause."
The opinion of Mr. Fessenden was that in
construing the Constitution we must look at
the contemporaneous history of the country.
The Senator from Oregon [Mr. Williams]
said yesterday that the decision in the Dred
Scott casa applied only to persona of African
descent whose ancestors had been sold into
slavery. Notv, I ask how came that race
among lis? Is it not a historical fact that they
were brought here and sold; that they were
made articles of traffic; that they did not come
here of their own accord ; and that from'those
people have descended tho whole of that class
of population among us ? They were denied
naturalization. In the States where slavery
existed the courts held that color, whether of
the dark, mulatto, or mixed, was presumptive
evidence of slavery, and the onus of proving
emancipation or.freedom rested upon the per-
son. The courts of the United States always
follow the decisions of State courts in matters
local or affecting the relations or peculiar in-
terests existing in them. If this subject shall
be referred to a committee, there will be no
difficulty in proving the race to which the claim-
ant belongs, if appearances should not satisfy
the most fastidious. The colonists coming from
the bosom of Europe necessarily brought with
them, to some extent, the feelings and senti-
ments of the nations toward this class of
persons. The court, in reviewing the facts
and the history, of the condition of this people
in the case alluded to, said that they did not
migrate to America, and—
" It is difficult at this day to realite the state of
publio opinion in relation to that unfortunate race
which prevailed in the civilized: and enlightened
portions of tho world at the time of the^ Declaration
of Independence, and when the Constitution of the
United States was framed and adopted. But the
public history of every European nation displays it
m a manner too plain to be mistaken.
"They had for more than a century before been
regarded as beings of an inferior order, and alto--
gether unfit to associate with the white race, either
in social or political relations; and so far inferior
that they had no rights which the white man was
bound to respect; and that the negro might justly
and lawfully be rcduced to slavery for his benefit.
He was bought and sold, and treated as an ordinary
article of merchandise and traffio whenever a profit
could be made by it. This opinion was at that time
fixed and universal in the civilized portion of the
white race."
Judge Taney has been traduced and his char-
acter assailed for uttering the sentiment that
these people had no rights which the white
man was bound to respect. But that was a
perversion—a separation of those words fro in
the context which give them a very different
sense, and Buited the unworthy purpose for
which the distortion was made. lie was re-
viewing the history of slavery in the European
and civilized nations, and in the review of that
history he said that in every civilized nation in
the world, in Europe at least, public opinion
thejre justified theengaging in the slave-trade,
and the buying and selling these people as
chattels; and that a century before, which wag
long prior to the formation of our Government,
the opinion in Europe was that they had no
rights which the white man was bound to
respect.
In this opinion of the Supreme Court, in
reviewing the history of this people and the
conduct of the European nations in regard to
them, and the opinions of those nations in ref-
erence to the rights of the African race, the
judge only recited and referred to those opin-
ions asa historical fact, and they not expressed
or intimated as those of the court; and yet there
are individuals in the community, perhaps high
in office, who have vilified the judge for this
recital of an historical fact which has not been
disputed. If it be denied, let it be, and the
proof furnished; but let no countenance be
given to any endeavor to bring reproach upon
the memory of a great and good man, because
in the history of this race he referred to the
opinions and practices of nations.
The Senate of the United States has always
required a citizenship of nine years before the
party could be admitted to his seat in this body.
Albert Gallatin was bofn in Geneva in 1761,
and came to thiscountiyin 1780. He remained
in this country, residing in several States. In
1783 he went to Virginia, and in 1785 took
the oath of allegiance. In December, 1785, he
removed to Pennsylvania, where he purchased
land and became u permanent resident. In
1789 he was elected to the convention in that
State, called to amend its constitution, and
subsequently,' for three successive years, he
was elected a member of the Pennsylvania
Legislature. In February, 1793, he was elected
from that State to the Senate of the United
States, and took his seat in December of that
year. He had not been a citizen of the United
States nine years from the time he took the
oath in Virginia to the time he took his seat in
the Senate; but only eight years. These facts
appearing after he had taken his seat the Sen-
ate passed the following resolution r
"Resolved, That the election of Aibert Gallatin to
be a Senator of the United States was void,! « not
having been a citixen of the United States the t«rn>
of years required as a qualification to be a Sanatoi
of the United States."
. Mr. DAVIS.. I would inquire of my honor-
able friend, with his permission, if Albert Gat-
latin was a negro? [Laughter.] He was a white
man, I believe?
Mr. VICKERS. Yes, sir,; he was % white
man and a great man. The next case that
occurred was that of General James Shields.
General Shields, of Illinois, was of foreign
birth. He was naturalized, in that State in Oc-
tober, 1840; was elected to the Senate of the
United Status in January, 1849. In March,
1849, the Senate of the United States after full
discussion,,adopted the following resolution:
"Retohed, That tho election of James Shields to
be a Senator of the Unitod States was void, he not
having been a eitizen of the United States the term
of years required asa qualification to be a Senator
of the United States at the commencement of the
term for which he was elected."
This case was discussed several days by Mr. ■
Webster, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Berrien, and others.
The only difference seemed to be whether he
must have been a citizen nine years at the
time of his eleotion or nine years at the time he
applied to take his seat, or at the commence-
ment of the term he was elected to fill, but
