546
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Maj 2T,
Ho. op Reps.
Fifteenth Amendment—Mr. Prosser.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
the various interests of the country must drift
eventually under the control of an irresponsi-
ble mob, or fall into the hands of ambitious,
designing, and unprincipled men. "Without
such elections not a single one of the objects for
which this national Government was formed can
be secured orperpetuated. Those objects were,
as stated in the preamble to the Constitution:
"To form a more perfect union, to establish jus-
tice, insure domestic tranquillity, provide tor the
common defense, promote the general welfaro, and
to secure tho blessings of liberty to ourselves and
our posterity."
Every one must see at a glance that to secure
any or all of these objects the purity of the
ballot-box is an indispensable requisite. Fail-
ing to provide for this we make a "more per-
fect union'' impossible. Instead of "estab-
lishing justice" we establish injustice. Instead
of "insuring domestic tranquillity" we destroy
it. Instead of "providing for the common
defense," by neglecting our duty in this respect
we only pave the way for inihiito trouble and
dissension at homo and want of respect abroad.
Nothing will do so much to '• promote tho gen-
eral welfare" m the guarantee to every man
of the unrestricted right, to the privilege of the
elective franchise. Nothing less will " secure
the blessings of liberty to ourselves and to our
posterity." The elective franchise furnishes
the machinery by which the country is man-
aged and all its vast interests arc controlled.
Therefore it is of tho utmost consequence that
such measures should be taken as may bo neces-
sary to secure to every man, whether rich or
poor, black or white, learned or unlearned,
tho untrammoled use and exercise of his privi-
leges as a voter and as a freeman. Jt is im-
portant, too, that such measures should be well
considered before they are acted upon, in order
that they nuiy answer the purpose intended.
But I do not propose to enter into any elab-
orate discussion of the chief principle involved
in this bill, livery observing mind must per-
oeivc that some adequate remedy must bo pro-
vided for the evils under which many portions
of tho country now labor in tho matter of elec-
t ions. This bill proposes to furnish thalrcmcdy.
Its primary object is to secure to every man
in the country the enjoyment of his right under
tho Constitution to the exorcise of the elective
franchise. It might bo supposed that a measure
so just and proper in itself would pass unani-
mously, and without opposition from any
quarter. Its object is to protect (he rights of
the citizen in every section of the country,
without regard to party. 11 might be supposed
thai both of tho great parties of the country
would lie found supporting and advocating
such a laudable measure. But I regret to say
that such is not tho fact. This debate has
developed one of the poinis to which I desire
to call the attention of the House and the
country, and that is, that the Democratic party
is entirely and bitterly opposed to this bill. It
has also developed the fact, if it were not fully
known before, that the same party is still, as
it lias been heretofore, opposed to the amend-
ments which have been made to the Constitu-
tion since the war. Indeed tho hostility of
the Democracy is directed not so much against
this bill itself as against the fifteenth and four-
teenth amendments to tho Constitution of tho
United States.
1 have read and listened attentively to the
debates upon this measure in both Houses, and
have failed to hear any member of the Demo-
cra.ic party accept in good faith the amend-
ments made to the Constitution since the war.
I have failed thus far to hear any one on that
side of the House acknowledge those amend-
ments a? valid, legal, and binding upon the
people of the United States. It is either denied
or it is assumed for the sake of argument, but
we are treated at the same time to long dis-
sertations upon the illegal character of those
amendments.
The Senator from Maryland, [Mr. Vickers,]
in a debate upon this bill tho other day in the
Senate, made a long argument to prove that
neither the thirteenth, fourteenth, nor fifteenth
amendment was properly a part of the Consti-
lution. At the close of that argument he said:
" If my reasoning be correct, not one of the amend-
ments has been legally and constitutionally adopted;
and if they can once be brought under the searching
examination of a judicial tribunal, will, in my judg-
ment, be determined to be unconstitutional."
During tho course of the same debate the
distinguished Senator from Ohio [Mr. Tnurt-
man] opened a long argument against this bill
in the following manner :
"I shall forego any argument on the question
whother tho so-called fifteenth amendment is a part
of tho Constitution of the United States. I shall
speak for a practical purpose, and therefore I shall
not moot a Question upon which 1 know the domin-
ant party of tho country is t'utly committed, and
which it would bo entirely useless to discuss,"
In fact, Mr. Speaker, the whole drift and
tenor of the objections urged to this bill are
sufficient to show that the Democratic party
is still unmistakably and unalterably opposed
to all, and more especially to the fifteenth
amendment to tho Constitution of the United
Stales. That party is emphatically opposed
to tho carrying out in good faith of the prin-
ciples involved in ihe amendments that have
been adopted since the war. Its leaders ac-
cept them only for tho time being, and in their
inmost hearts they long for tho time when they
shall be powerful enough to repeal them, or
at least prevent their enforcement.
The persistent opposition of tho Democracy
to every measure of progress and step in ad-
vance made by the country since the suppres-
sion of the rebellion is only an indication of
what might be expected if that party should
ever again secure possession of the national
Government. Slavery itself, or tho right of
property in man, might not be restored, but
individual right3 would bo thoroughly and com-
pletely suppressed. The masses of the people,
white and colored, especially of the laboring
classes, would bo hound hand and foot and
placed at the mercy of a party as essentially
pro-slavery to-day as it was ten, twenty, or
thirty years ago. It is time that the objects of
this Democratic party were thoroughly under-
stood. It leaders never propose cordially to
assent to tho measures in favor of the rights of
tho individual citizen that have of late been
adopted by the country, and which arc the
glory of tho present age.
It was recently asserted by a leading Demo-
crat of the city of New York that they must
have the judiciary of that city for party pur-
poses. Everybody knows perfectly well what
that means. It is simply that they must have
a judiciary that will declare Republican legis-
lation, amendments and all, unconstitutional,
in order that they may carry out their wicked
purposes for the virtual enslavement of tho
masses of the citizens of the country. It
means that their fraudulent and corrupt prac-
tices may be legalized, until they have every
principle of justice, liberty, and of human
rights completely ignored, and all the best
interests of humanity bound hand and foot,
at the mercy of the leaders of a pro-slavery
Democracy. If that time should ever come—
and may God in his mercy prevent it—then
the war will have been fought in vain, and its
streams of blood will have been lavished for
nothing. The main plank of the Democratic
platform may be expressed in a single word,
and that is " repudiation." It is evidently the
purpose of that party to repudiate everything
that has been done during and since the war,
either in the way of financial obligation or of
general legislation. They propose to repudiate
the debt contracted by the country, and all
measures of reconstruction which have been
inaugurated by the Republican party.
Mr. Speaker, I warn you this day that it is
the deliberate purpose of the Democracy to
plunge the country in dishonor, ruin, and dis-
grace if the leaders of that party should ever
by any means whatever have an opportunity
of so doing. It is generally supposed and taken
for granted that the war settled certain issues
as to individual rights and as to State rights ;
but I assure you, sir, that those issues are not
yet settled. They are still open questions in
the minds of the leading Democrats of the
country, and they hope sooner or later to have
the decisions that have been made in those
cases reversed. They opposed emancipation
when it was first proposed as bitterly as any
slaveholder could have wished. They mus-
tered all their forces against the fourteenth
amendment, and only submitted to it because
they could not prevent its adoption. They
fought against the fifteenth amendment as long
as it was in their power to do so, and even now,
like their friends in the South, claim that they
are only " overpowered." They never forgave
us for passing the civil rights bill, though they
knew it was simply an act of justice which
should always have been the law of the land.
But a few weeks ago they persistently opposed
the admission of a colored man into the Sen-
ate, as though the Dred Scott decision was still
to be enforced, and as though a colored man
still had no rights that a white man was bound
to respect.
Their hostility to the pending bill to enforce
the fifteenth amendment is, if possible, still
more fierce, because they know its elfect will
be, if passed into a law, as it should be, to give
practical force and effect to what is now only
theoretically a part of the Constitution. They
proposed to submit, for the time being, to the
theory of those amendments as long as they
were not enforced, but when their enforcement,
is suggested we have a perfect howl of opposi-
tion from the united Democracy. Tho gentle-
man from Kentucky, [Mr. Beoic,] and no one
else has a better right to speak for that party,
tells us, in language not to be misunderstood,
that—
" This is a bill of abominations, which pretends to
recnact the infamous civil rights bill,and to enforce
the fourteenth as well as the fifteenth amendments."
No doubt the gentleman expresses the opin-
ion of his party. No doubt they consider not
only this bill but the amendments to the Con-
stitution as "abominations." They and the
civil rights bill are alike infamous, and, of
course, should not be enforced. Let the posi'
tion of that party, then, be distinctly under-
stood. It is open and avowed hostility and
animosity to the legislation of the Republican
party in favor of human rights. It is still dis-
tinctly opposed to the objects and purposes for
which the war was carried to a successful con-
clusion. They occupy the same position they
did in the year 1864, when they declared tho
war a failure and its prosecution unconstitu-
tional. We are justified, therefore, in believing
that if they had the power these Democratic
leaders would repudiate all the measures, the
obligations, the debt, and the legislation of the
Republican party. They would destroy our
credit, dishonor our flag, and bring disgrace
upon our soldiers and our country. Their
violent opposition to this bill can be accounted
for on no other supposition. Why should its
provisions be so obnoxious to them if they
were willing that all the citizens of the country
should enjoy the same rights and privileges'!1
If they accept the amendments to the Consti-
ji tution in good faith, why should they object,
|j to their enforcement? This bill provides for
ji nothing more, and if those amendments are
11 not a dead letter, of course they ought to be
  enforced. But it is complained that the pro-
j! visions of the bill are severe, especially the
j; following sections:
Hkc. 4. And be it further enacted, That if anypei-
;i son by force, bribery, threats, intimidation,or other
