5336
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7,
will resume the reading of the bill if the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts does cot insist on the
regular order.
Mr. WILSON". I tibial I shall have to object
to that bill being acted upon to-night.
The YICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made; it is not before the Senate.
Mr. NYE. 1 hope we shall have action on
it pretty soon.
REDUCTION OF TUB ARMY.
•The VICE PRESIDENT. The report of
the committee of conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses on the bin (II. R.
No. 987) to reduce the number of officers in
the Army of the United States, and for other
purposes, is now before the Senate. The Sec-
retary states that it has never been read. It
will-therefore be reported to the Senate iufull.
The Chief Clerk read the report, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (It. U. No 937) enti-
tled "An act to reduce the number of officers in the
Army of the United States, and for other purposes,"
having met. after fall and free conference have
agreed to recommend, and do hereby recommcnd, to
their respective Houses as follows:
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the amendment of the Senate, andagree to the samo
with the following amendment, namely:
Strike out all of the Senate amendment after tho
word "that" where it first occurs, and insert in lieu
thereof the following:
The President ho, and ho is hereby, authorized and
directed, on or before the 1st day of July, 1871, to
reduce the number of enlisted men in the Army to
thirty thousand, aud thereafter theie shall bo no
more than thirty thousand enlisted men in tho Army
at any one time, unless otherwise authorized bv law.
Sec. 2. And be it further enuctcd, That the Presi-
dent be, and ho is hereby, authorized, at his discre-
tion, honorably to discharge from the service of the
United States oilieers of the Army who may apply
therefor on or befoic tho of January next; .unl
such officers «<> discharged under the provisions of
this act shall be entitled to receive, in addition to
the pay and allowances due them at the date of their
discharge, one year's pay and allowances.
£kc. 3. And be li further enacted, That the Presi-
dent be, and he is hereby, authorized, at his discre-
tion, to place on the ictired list of the^Army, on then-
own application, any commissioned officers who have
been thirty years in the service, and the officers who
may be retired by virtue of this section shall bo
entitled to the same pay and emoluments as are
now allowed or may hereafter bo allowed to officers
retired from activo service.
SffiO. 4. And be it further enacted, That t]ic proviso
of the sixteenth section of the act approved August
3,1861, limiting the number of officers on the retired
list to seven per cent, of the whole number of exist-
ing officers be, smd the same is hereby, repealed; ami
hereafter the number of officers who may bo retiied
in accordance with existing laws shall be m tho dis-
cretion of the President: Piovided, That tho whole
number on the retired list shall at no time exceed
three hundred.
SfiC. 5. And he it further enacted, That the offices
of General and Lieutenant General ot the Army shall
continue until a vacancy shall occur in the same, and
no longer; and when such vacancy shall occur in
cither ot sanl olfiecs, immediately theieupon all laws
and parts ot laws creating said office shall become
inoperative, and shall, by virtue of this act, from
thenceforward be hold to be repealed.
Sj<jo. G. And be it fuither enacted, That no appoint-
ment to the grade of major general shall be made until
the number of officers of that grade is reduced below
three, after which the number of major generals shall
not exceed three.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That no appoint-
ment to the grade of brigadier general shall be made
until the number oS officers of that grade is reduced
below six, after which the number ot brigadier gen-
erals shall not exceed six.
Stcc. 8. And he it further enacted. That the grade of
regimental commissary in the several cavalry regi-
ments is hereby abolished; and the lieutenants now
holding the appointments of regimental commissary
may bo assigned for duty to companies of their regi-
ments, and shall till the first vacancies that may occur
in their respective grades ot first or second lieuten-
ant in the regiments to which they now belong; and
nothing herem contained shall effect their relative
rank with other lieutenants of their grade.
Sec. 9. be it fuither enacted, That the grades
of regimental commissary sergeant and regimental
hospital steward are hereby abolished. The number
of corporals in each company of cavalry, artillery,
aud infantry shall be reduced to four; and tho said
non-commissioned officers sh'ill have the privilege
of receiving an honorable discharge, with full pay
and allowances to the actual date thereof, if they
shall so elect, in preference to remaining in the ser-
vice in such other grades as may be assigned to them
by the Secretary of War.
Fko. 10. And be it further enacted, Tint the Gen-
eral of tho Arm v, commanding o.f'eor* of tho severaj
xoilitary departments, and chiefs of the several staff
d.'pnrtmcnisoi the Army shall, aseoon as practicable
ahi'1- the pa^ceof this act, forward to tho Secretary
•of War a list of oncers serving in their re.-reottvo
commands deemed by them unfit for the proper dis-
charge of their duties from any cause except injuries
incurred or disease contracted in tho line of their
daty, setting forth specifically in each case the cause
of such unfitness. The Secretary of War is hereby
authorized and directed to constitute a board to con-
sist of one major general, one brigadier general, and
three colonels, three of said officers to be selected
from among those appointed to the regular Army on
account of distinguished services in tho volunteer
force during tho late war, and on recommendation
of such board the President shall muster-out of
tho service any of the said officers so reported, with
one j ear's pay. But such muster-out shall not,be
ordered without allowing such officer t a hearing
beforfHsuch board to show cause against it.
Sec. 11. And be it fmther enacted. That the Presi-
dent is hereby authorized to transfer officers from
the regiments of cavalry, artillery, and infantry to
the list of supernumeraries, and all vacancios now
existing, or which may occur prior to the 1st day of
January next, in the cavalry, artillery, or infantry,
by reason of such transfers or from other causes,
shall be tilled in due proportion by tho supernumer-
ary officers, having reference to rank, seniority, and
fitness, as provided in existing law regulating pro-
motions iu the Army. And if any supernumerary
officers shall lemain after tho 1st day of January
next, they shall bo honorably mustered out of tho
service with one yeai's pay and allowances: Pro-
vided, That vacancies now existing in tho grade of
second lieutenants, or which may occur prior to said
da to, may be filled by the assignment of supernumer-
ary first lieutenants or oilieers of higher grades, who,
when so assigned, shall rank a<* second lieutenants,
providing such oilieers shall prefer to be so assigned
instead of bemy mustered out. under tho provisions
ot thU section; and officers so aligned "-hall take
rank from tho date of their original entry into the
service.
Sko. 1*2. And he it farther enacted, That the profes-
sors of tho United States Military Academy whose
service m the Army and at tho Academy exceeds
thn ty-five years shall have the pay of colonel, and
those whose service is le^s than thirty-live, but. ex-
ceeds twenty-live years, shall have the pay of lieu-
tenant colonel; and all other profos-ors shall liavo
tho pay of major; and hereafter there shall be al-
lowed and paid to paid prolessors ten per cent, of
their cuirent yearly pay for each and evorv term ol
live years'continuous, service: Aoouirtl, XhatMioh
addition shall in no cascexceed forty percent.of said
yearly pay; and swid proiessors aro hereby placed
upon the same tooting as regards retirement irom
aet.ivo j-ervico as office)s of the Army.
Sec. 3o. And he it further enacted. That the pay and
allowances of the enlisted men of the Army shall
remain as now fixed by law until the JJOth of June,
1871; and it. shall be unlawful for any officer to use
anv enlisted man as a servant in any case whatever.
SEC. 1-1. J iid be it farther enacted, That section two
of the act entitled " An act making appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year ending June
o(J, and for other purposes," approved March
2, 1SG7, be, and the samo is hereby, repealed.
Stco. 1"). A nd be it fui ther enacted, That all military
storekeepers in the quai termaster's and ordnance
departments, and all medical storekeepers, shall be
mustered out of the service on tho 1st day of Janu-
ary next, and shall receive the additional pay and
allowances provided in this act_ for other olhcers
mustered out, and the (diiccs of military storekeeper
and medical storekeeper shall bo abolished alter
said date.
SKP.ll). And he it farther enacted, That hereafter
no officer shall be entitled to wear any uniform other
than that of his actual rank, on account of having
been breveted. Nor shall ho be addressed in orders
or official communications by any title other than
that of hi< actual rank; and m no case shall brevet
rank be construed to ho actual rank, or entitle an
officer to any pay, allowances, or assignment to duly
under tho same.
Si-ic. 17. And be d further enacted, That tho Presi-
dent of the United States be, and tic is hereby, author-
ized to drop from the :olls of the Anny for desertion
any officer who is now. or who may hereafter be,ab-
sent from duty three months without leave; and any
officer so dropped shall foifcit all pay aud allow-
ances due or to becomodue, and shall not bo eligible
for reappointment.
Sue. l'S. And be it further niaefed, That no officer
of the aitillery corps below the grade of field oliiccr
shall hereafter be piomoted to a higher giade before
having passed a. satisfactory examination before a
board of three ai til leiy ofliccih senior to him in rank,
to be appointed by the Secretary of War. _
Si-:c. ID. An<l be it farther enacted. That it -mall not
be lawful for any officer of tho Army of the United
States to hold any civil office, whether by election
or appointment, and any such officer accepting or
exercising the functions of a civil office shall at unco
cease to be an officer of the Army, and his commis-
sion shall be vacated thereby.
Sec. 20. Andbc-U further enacted. That nothing in
thi-« act shall beconstrued to prevent the assignment
to duty, as additional second lieutenants, ot the
gradual es of tho Military Academy.
See. 21. And be it Jurtherenacted, That the Secretary
of War shall prepare a system ot general regulations
for the administration of the affairs of theArmy,
which, when approved by Congress shall be in force
and obeyed until altered or revoked by the same
authoi ity: and said regulations hhall bo reported to
Congress at its next session: Provided. That said
regulations shall not bo inconsistent with the laws
of'ihe United States.
Si:c. 22. .IjkJ be it farther cnacied. That tho Seevc-
t;"n icg of War and the Navy bo, and tluy aro hereby,
authorized aud directed so to arrange the course of
studios and tho order of recitatJOns at the Military
and Naval Academies that tue students in said insti-
tutions will not be required to pursue their studios
on Sunday, nor shall they bo required to take part
in drills or parades on thatday. .
Sec. 23. And be it further enacted, Tnat from and
after tho passage of this act the Secretary of Vv ar be,
and ho is hereby, authorized to permit one trading
establishment to be maintained at any military post
on the frontier not in the vicinity of any city or town,
when,in his judgment, such establishment is needed
for the accommodation ot emigrants, freighters, and
other citizens; and the persons tu maintain sueii
trading establishments shall be appointed by him:
Proofed, That such trader* shall be under Protec-
tion and military control as camp-followers, ihe
ioint resolution approved March30,186j, to author-
ize the Commanding General of the Army to permit
traders to remain at certain military posts is hereby
r°SKc'e24, And bait further erlacted. That any retired
officer may, on his own application, be detailed to
servo as professor in any college ; but while so serv-
ing such officer shall be allowed no additional com-
pensation. o
Sfc. 25. And he if, further cnacied. That the pay of
the officers of the Army shall be as follows: the pay
ot the General shall bo $12,000 a yeai; Lieutenant
General shall be $10,000 a year; the pay of major
general shall be i57.50J; tho pay of brigadier general
shall be $5,500; the pay of colonel shall be &3,5U0;
the pay of iicutenantcolonelshall be>f3.000; the pay
of major shall be •?2,50i); the pay of captain, mounted,
shall be*2,UOOf tho pay of captain, not mounted, shall
bo &i,800; the pay of adjutant shall be$l,800; the pay
of regiment at quartermaster shall be $1,800; the pay
of first lieutenant, mounted, shall be$l,GoO; the pay
of first lieutenant, not mounted, shall be &1.509: _tho
pa} of second lieutenant, mounted, shall be $1,500;
tho pay of second lieutenant not mounted, shall be
$1,400; the pay of chaplain shall be ^1,400; the pay
ot aide-de-camp to major general shall be 6200 per
annum in addition to pay of his rank; thepayof
aide-de-camp ro brigadier general shall be $150 per
annum in addition to pay of his rank; thepayot
acting a.-s>KUint commissary shall bo >100 in addition
to pay ot his rank; and there shall bo allowed and
paid to each and every commissioned officer below
the rank of brigadier general, including chaplains
and others having assimilated rank or pay, ren per
cent, of their current yearly pay for each and every
term of live years of continuous service: Provided
That the total amount of :>uch increase for length of
service shall in no case exceed forty pccent, on the
yearly pay of his grade as established by this act:
And provided farther, That the pay of a colonel shall
m no case cxceed $1,500 per annum, nor tho pay of
a lieutenant colonel ^4.000 per annum; aud those
sums shall bo in full ot all commutation of quarters,
fuel, forage, servants' wages and clothiug, longevity
rations, and ail al low.inces of every name and nature
whatever, and shall be paid monthly by the pay-
master: Piovided, That fuel, quarters, and forage
in kind may be furnished when necessary to officers
by the quartermaster's department, as now allowed
by law and regulations; And provided fusilier. That
when any officer shali travel under orders, and shall
not be furnished transport itiop by the quartermas-
ter's department, or on a conveyance belonging to
or chartered by the United States, he shall be allowed
ten cents per mile, and no more, for each mile actu-
ally by him traveled under such order, distances to
be calculated according to the nearest post routes ;
and no payment shall be made to any officer except
by a paymaster of tho Army. Officers retired trom
active service shall receive seventy-five per cent, of
the pay ol the rank upon which they are retired.
And that the Senate agree to said amendment.
11ENTRY WILSON,
O. i\ MOIU'ON.
Managers on the pa) t of the Senate.
JOHN A. LOGAN".
JAMES S. Nl-:ULliY,
Manageis on the part of the House.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Trum-
bull in the chair.) The question Ls on con-
curring in the report of the committee ot con-
ference.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, there are some
features contained in thU bill which will in-
duce me to vote against tho report, and 1 hope
they will influence enough of the Senate to
secure its defeat.
hi the first place, as I had occasion to say
when this bill was on its passage 111 the Senate
originally. 1 complain of the manner in which
the supernumerary officers, so called, are dis-
posed of. There are less than four hundred
of them, only about three hundred and fifty or
three hundred and sixty. I have ascertained
upon inquiry that there are about twenty Vacan-
cies occurring monthly in the line of officers, to
which these supernumeraries can he appointed j
so^thal in eighteen mombs all this number of
officers can he honorably phsorh^d in the A rmv,
and not subjected to the degradation nf whan
amounts in fact, hy the provisions of this h;!l,
to a dismissal from the Army, it to
mo h.ut tp.e ne^ons v*ho f<:;um-d and formed
