2504
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
$70,000,000 of deficiency which had accrued
under James Buchanan's Democratic adminis-
tration, under the free-trade tariff of 1857 ; and
the increased duties on cotton, salt, iron, lum-
ber, and all the other articles which the gentle-
man speaks of were subsequently imposed, some
of them by the tariff of August, 18G1, when
there was a Republican Congress here assem-
bled at the call of Abraham Lincoln. The tariff
of August, 1861, imposed high duties under
which we began to collect revenue to main-
tain the country, to put an army into the field,
to put a navy afloat, and to pay or provide for
the debt I have alluded to, the Democratic free-
trade debt incurred in a time of peace, because
low duties would not give the country money
enough to run the machine.
The gentleman is wrong in his stump oratory,
and I have not seen so glaring a specimen of
the looseness of statement complained of in
stump oratory as that of the gentleman, who
complains that the tariff of 1861 was a Re-
publican tariff. "Johnny Hook crying for
beef!"
I follow the premises I have laid down. We
were not then getting sufficient revenue for cur-
rent&xpenses. Under the high duty of which
the gentleman complains we are collecting
more revenue than ever before. Our importa-
tions are higher than ever before. The duties
have not interrupted importations. On the
contrary, they have given our laborers high
wages ; they have given remunerative employ-
ment to capital; and they have enabled us to
consume, the poorest of us, tea and coffee and
other dutiable articles, and just so it will be;
but lf'you should adopt the motion of the gen-
tleman, and reduce the duties to the standard
of 1801, you would bankrupt the country, you
would destroy the little commerce wo have,
you would reduce the laboring people to that
condition in which they could not by any pos-
sibility consume dutiable articles, you would
restore us to the condition when the grain was
rotting in the farmer's fields or consumed as
fuel, and the laboring people of Philadelphia
and New York went hungry to bed, unable to
buy food.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I withdraw
my amendment.
Mr. MARSHALL. I renewtbeamendinent
of the gentleman from New York.
Mr. AVINANS. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me to move the amendmeut in a different
form.
Mr. MARSHALL. I do not care about its
being in any particular form.
Mr. WINANS. I will offer my amendment
hereafter.
Mr. MARSHALL. I rise, Mr. Chairman,
for the purpose of replying to some of the
points made by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Kelley. ] The gentleman is either
mistaken in regard to the history of this mat-
ter or he misrepresents the effects of the tariffs
which have existed heretofore in our country.
The tariff of 1861 enacted by the gentleman's
own party, a high tariff, fixed the duty on
unbleached cotton fabrics at from 1 to 4 cents
per yard. They are now fixed at 5 cents per
yard, amounting to an ad valorem duty of 58J
per cent. This was a great increase on any
former tariff which existed in this country on
articles of this kind. In 1857 they amounted
to 24 per cent.; in 1846 to about 23 per cent.;
and in the year of the high Whig tariff, the
tariff of 1842, for the passage of which that
party was hurled out of power by the Amer-
ican people, to 30 per cent.
Mr. O'NEILL. Does the gentleman recol-
lect that in Pennsylvania the Democratic party
on its banner and on the stump supported the
tariff of 1842? The cry there was on the part
of the Democracy, "Polk, Dallas, Shunk, and
the tariff of '42\"
Mr. MARSHALL. I do not jield to the
gentleman.
Mr. O'NEILL. I wish to nail that just the
way I did.
Mr. MARSHALL. I have refused to yield
to the gentleman, and he will take his seat.
It is an immaterial issue that he seeks to raise.
I care not what any party did in Pennsylvania
at that time. It has nothing to do with the
question here. The tariff of 1842 was con-
demned by the American people because of
excessive duties, and that fixed only 30 per
cent., about one half of the existing duty on
the fabrics mentioned in the paragraph under
discussion. We do not expect at one leap to
get back to a good honest system of revenue
tariff. If the gentleman and his friends are so
enamored of the tariff of 1842 we will now, on
these articles, meet him on that as common
ground. Let us go back to that 
Mr. O'NEILL. That is where we want the
Democratic party to come.
Mr. MARSHALL. The gentleman will
please excuse me. My time is limited, and I
do not propose to yield to any one now. I
have said that the tariff of 1842 fixed the duty
at one half of what it is in the existing tariff.
The gentleman says that the Democratic party
of Pennsylvania supported it. I say then let
us go back to the tariff of 1842. We arc willing
to stand by the Democratic party or people of
any party from Pennsylvania in fixing this
duty at, ISO per cent. now. Wo will support
it in order to meet the exigencies of the coun-
try for the purpose of revenue, and I do not
doubt that it would yield a much greater reve-
nue than the existing tariff.
The other gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Keli,ey] has again repeated his proposition that
high tariffs are favorable to the farmers and
laborers of the country. I say that all along
the line ot history facts prove the very reverse
of this. The tariff of 1842 reduced the price of
agricultural products in my State 60 per cent.,
while it, enhanced the price of manufactured
articles all over the country. I bold in my
hand testimony taken by the Secretary of the
Treasury in 1845, showing the effects of the
tariff'in this direction. I have here a list showing
the reduction in price of the staples furnished
to the manufacturers, even of well-protected
Rhode Island, from the farmers of the sur-
rounding States. It shows that the prices of
farmers' products were reduced nearly SO per
cent, there, while, as is well known, the man-
ufactured articles were increased in price to the
farmer from 20 to 50 per cent. It shows aloss
to the fanners on the articles enumerated, pro-
duce of various kinds, of §54,850. The manu-
facturers of Rhode Island, as the result of this
high tariff, were enabled to procure these pro-
ducts of the farm at these reduced prices, while
the farmers had to pay a largely enhanced
price for the manufactured articles they re-
quired.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to ask the gentleman
a question: how he has come to know about
the circumstances of the farmers of Rhode
Island better than they know themselves?
They have stood by that principle from that
day to this, in spite of the teachings of the
gentleman from Illinois and others of the same
party.
Mr. MARSHALL. The information I am
referring to was furnished by Mr. Wilbur, col-
lector at Newport, Rhode Island, on the facts
furnished to him. And facts of a like nature
are shown all through the testimony. The
statement of Mr. Wilbur, which I have referred
to, is as follows:
tlInterrogatory. Boos the State raise a sufficient
supply of horses, mules, hoss, and of cattle, meats,
and other provisions; and it not, from what places
docs it draw its supplies; and what has been the
average annual amount, and what the prices for tho
last throe years, and also for tho ten preceding?"
Hon. E. Wilbur, collector, Newport, Rhode
Island, answers:
"The country docs not raise a sufficient supply.
It draws its supplies mostly from New York, Vir-
ginia, Louisiana, Massachusetts, Vermont, New
Hampshire, Maine, Connecticut, Maryland, and
Cuba. Tho average amoun thas been estimated as
follows, togotber withthaprices:"
a ©
•o «
—§
A
8 o
ssg-?§2if|rsg§§.s|-
8 f S j | !?; ? ? • : : : :
: B :
TtO.OOOOOOOMCOS'O)
Igggggggg^e©®
trcm cyero*o'W© wot?
0<t>f csPc3{SPi©oO©$Staf3p>
3 3 p-er© 5 § 5 a 5 2 3 2
: : SttlaSaaattSiS,!!,
J ; W [d M (j M OJ ts J® w S® f f*
OOi OCn
SOMOOTTOM 
OOlOOO'OOOOO
O C510 CO CO O CO t\3 >U N5 CO O <T O
"SS8'S*SS*S8SS8S*SS8S
ooooooooooooooSS
SSSSSSc
M tO M tl,
05 CO ^-J
§55 S5 SS&52 02© <35 S2*o ei csocn
OOOOOOOO0O0C5OOO
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
This is but one out of hundreds of similar
authentic statements showing how the farmers
are favored by high tariffs.
Mr. KELLEY. I stand by my proposition,
and aver that the gentleman from Illinois is
wrong. I do not accept Mr. David A. Wells
as being so high an authority as the gentleman
fromlllinois considers him; butlwill cite facts
from Mr. David A. Wells's last report, show-
ing that as you reduce your tariff you reduce
your importation of men, and at a final point
of reduction that you check your importation
of goods.
In 1861 the duties on imported goods
amounted to 11.2 per cent, and the importa-
tions went down from $362,000,000 to $252,-
000,000 before the tariff was raised, in 1862.
And your importation of men, your immi-
gration, went down from 153,000 to 91,000.
And when the higher tariff came into operation,
which the Republican party passed, the immi-
gration rose to 176,282 in the next year.
In 1842, the year in which that tariff was
passed, to take effect in the next year, we
imported but $64,753,799 worth of goods,
dutiable and free, and the average rate of duty
was 15.7 per cent. In the next year the rate
of duty was 26.0 per cent., and we imported
$108,000,000, or 33 per cent, more goods.
Next year, the duty being over 26 per cent.,
we imported $117,000,000. The next year,
tho duties being 21.9 per cent., we imported
over $121,000,000.
I have shown, sir, what was the effect of
bringing the duty down to 11.2 per cent. Let
us see what was the effect of putting them up
to 40.2 per cent. With a rate of duty of 11.2
per cent, we imported $252,000,000 worth.
With a rate of 40.2 per cent, we imported
$445,000,000worth. The rate having increased
to 41.2 per cent., we have an importation of
$437,026,541. These figures show that if gen-
