4392
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June IB,
to state for the information of tlio Senator from
Indiana, if lie has not had his attention turned
to it, that the House of Representatives has
already passed a bill fixing a uniform day
throughout the United States for the election
of Representatives to Congress. That day is
the Tuesday after the first Monday of Novem-
ber every second year. The bill has been
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
the Committee on the Judiciary has reported
the bill back to the Senate, recommending its
passage without amendment. The bill as it
has passed the House would not apply to the
Forty-Second Congress; but it will be very
easy to amend it and make it apply to the
Forty-Second as well as the Forty-Third Con-
gress; That would remedy all these difficulties.
Mr. THURMAN. As it seems to be determ-
ined that I shall not finish my speech, I will
say no more. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Har-
lan.) The question is 011 concurring in the
amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole, striking out "two hundred and sev-
enty-five" wherever it occurs in the bill and
inserting "three hundred."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. On that ques-
tion I ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I hesitate
to make this change. I would say! in the first
place, I am impressed by what fell from the
Senator from Indiana, that the other House
does not ask it. The House, I submit, is a
better judge of the proper number of its mem-
bers than the Senate can be.
Mr. THURMAN. Will my friend allow me
to put a question to him ?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. THURMAN. Are not the members
of the Senate a great deal more disinterested
on that question than members of the House;
and are they not, therefore, better judges than
members of the House?
Mr. SUMNER. I do not know that they
are much more so. I hope that there are
members of the House as patriotic as the Sen-
ator from Ohio or myself. I accord to them,
at any rate, all that I should ask for myself
or my associates in this Chamber. I believe,
therefore, that their judgment is entitled to
weight. I start, therefore, with their judgment
against this proposed amendment.
In the next place, I look at it in the light
of experience and of reason. In our own
country the experience is in favor of a small
House. The Legislature of Massachusetts, I
believe, has been from the beginning the largest
in number of any legislative body on this con-
tinent. There was a time when it was com-
posed of five or six hundred members, and
down to a very recent date it had as many as
three hundred. But Massachusetts has at last
changed. Under the existing constitution Mas-
sachusetts has in her lower house only two
hundred and forty members. Her experience
of the larger number did not encourage her to
retain it. I say, therefore, the experience in
the different States is adverse to this proposed
change.
I then look further at the experience of
Congress. I find that in 1792 the ratio was
03,000, and the number of Representatives
106. In 1802 the ratio was again 33,000, with
141 Representatives. In 1812 the ratio was
35,000, with 181 Representatives. In 1822 the
ratio was 40,000, with 200 Representatives.
In 1832 the ratio was 47,700, with 240 Repre-
sentatives. In 1842 the ratio was 70,680, with
233 Representatives. _ Then came the general
statute of 1850, by which the number of Rep-
resentatives was fixed at 233.
Mr. MORTON. What was the number in
1832?
Mr. SUMNER.
Mr. MORTON.
Mr. SUMNER.
Two hundred and forty.
The same that it is now?
Yes. Then in 1842 it was
two hundred and twenty-three, and in 1850 it
was fixed at two hundred and thirty-three, and
that is the number now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Two hundred and forty-
one.
Mr. EDMUNDS. They have added on
where States have been admitted.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Without the added
States it is two hundred and forty-one.
Mr. SUMNER. How do you get it two
hundred and forty-one?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Because by an act of
Congress passed in 1802 it was made two hun-
dred and forty-one. I have the act before me.
Mr. SUMNER. I make no question on that
point. Now it is proposed to go still further ;
the House setting the number at two hundred
and seventy five, and the Senate setting it at
three hundred. To my mind that is a move-
ment in the wrong direction. It is a movement
which is not sustained by the experience of our
country, and I submit it does not find support
in reason. Without going so far as the famous
Cardinal de Retz, who said, you will remember,
that every assembly of over one hundred was a
mob; I think it is clear that an assembly of,
say, two hundred is much too large for prac-
tical business, for facility in consultation, for
adaptation to the work to be done. The ma-
chine is not a good machine. It is not, at least,
the best working machine that can be devised ;
and I submit that we, a Republic, ought to
devise for our House of Representatives the
very best possible machine. We ought to have it
in numbers, as we hope in character, such as to
do in the best way the work which it has to do.
I may be in error; what I say I submit to the
Senate; but I do think that three hundred, nay,
I would say two hundred and seventy-five, the
number fixed by the House of Representatives,
is much too large for practical work. You will
not get your work as well done as if you had a
smaller House. I doubt if there is any Senator
who hears me who will differ with me much on
that point. I may be in error ; but I doubt it
on the practical question.
The only consideration, then, in favor of the
change is that by having a larger number we
may harmonize constituencies throughout the
country. I doubt if that is an adequate reason
for embarrassing the future legislation of the
country. To iny mind it is not adequate. I
look to our legislation now to devise the best
means for future legislation. Show me a way
in which that can be accomplished, and I staud
ready to vote for it. I wish this Congress, I
wish each component part of the Congress, to
be so organized as most efficiently to do the
work appointed to it. I doubt it' you follow
either of the numbers in this bill, the larger
or the smaller, whether you will accomplish
that desire.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to make one fur-
ther suggestion, and that is that the argument
now used, which seems to be the principal one,
by the Senator from Ohio and the Senator from
Illinois, that by increasing the number to three
hundred we shalLsave the embarrassment of
taking away a member from any State, will be
just as good in 1880 for increasing the number
then as it is now. It will be just as much of
an embarrassment in 1880 to take away mem-
bers from States as it is now.
Mr. DRAKE. And the embarrassment will
be four times as great in 1900.
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir; and in 1880, the ;
argument being just as strong as it is now, will
be stronger on account of the precedent, the
example we set now.
There is one argument the Senator from
Massachusetts, I think, might have added in
regard to increasing the number of the House; j!
and that is that where you make a legislative ii
body very numerous the effect is, as has been 'I
seen in some of the States and in his own State, ji
that it does inevitably to some extent go to the 'i
character of the members. !|
Mr. DRAKE. The point which the hon- i1
orable Senator from Indiana lias just men- :!
tioned is one which it was my purpose to pre- "
sent to the consideration of the Senate had he !
not done so. i am strongly impressed with jj
the exceeding danger that there is in our rec-
ognizing here by our action the correctness
of the principle of action which underlies
this proposed increase from two hundred and
seventy-five to three hundred. In my judg-
ment it is utterly vicious and dangerous fur
us to begin to increase the number of Rep-
resentatives in the House of Representatives
upon the idea of any State losing in the new
apportionment any portion of its present rep-
resentation. Why, sir, let us look at it for a.
moment. Where are we to be when we come
to have one hundred million people in this
country if this is to be indorsed as a correct
principle in the apportionment of represent-
ation ? With forty millions now, if we adopt
this principle and suffer it to govern us in this
apportionment we must allow it to govern us
in the next in 1880, and in the next in 1890,
and in the next in 1900, when there will be
one hundred million people here, and the re-
sult will be that you will have aHouse of Rep-
resentatives of one thousand members.
Sir, I do hope that the Senate will not under
any circumstances embark in sutfh an experi-
ment as this. I am exceedingly loath to vote
■to concur with the House in the increase h-otn
the present number to two hundred and seventy-
five. I think it would be a great deal better to
go back twenty years, to the law of 1850, and
limit the number to two hundred and thirty-
three, providing for the addition ot Represent-
atives from newly created States. But, sir,
beyond that which the House itself asks, I can-
not find it in my mind to vote. They have
asked all that they want, and why should we
undertake to force twenty-five more members
upon them than they themselves ask ? I hope
that the amendment reported by the Judiciary
Committee will not be adopted.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. On concur-
ring in this amendment the Senator from Ver-
mont [Mr. Morrill] has called for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I dislike very much to
take tip any of the time of the Senate, and
especially when there are so few Senators pay-
ing attention. I had prepared a table that
would show the effect of these different amend-
ments, and thought perhaps it might be of
some interest to the Senate before voting. I
will very briefly state to such of the Senators
as think proper to listen to me what the effect
of making the number of Representatives three
hundred will be.
One word in regard to the action of the
House of Representatives, which the Senator
from Indiana and the Senator from Massachu-
setts, and I believe the Senator from Missouri,
all thought afforded a reason why the Senate
should conform to it. The fact of the House
of Representatives having fixed the number
of their own body at twohundred and seventy-
five seemed to those Senators to afford some
reason why the Senate should not change it.
Why, sir, the Senate has changed these appor-
tionments always. The very first bill that ever
passed the House of Representatives fixing
the apportionment in that body was vetoed by
President Washington. He vetoed the very
first bill that the House passed, and the las>t
apportionment was changed in the Senate after
it came here. Sir, this is a national question ;
it is not a personal question.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And confided by the Con-
stitution to the whole law-making body.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And confided to the
whole law-making body. It is not personal to
the House of Representatives. It is the peo-
ple of this great country who are to be repre-
sented, and who have a right to say whether
one hundred thousand of them shall have a
Representative or two hundred thousand: and
the larger you make tbat basis of represent-
ation, as the Senator from Missouri wants to
enlarge it by reducing the number of members
to two hundred and thirty-three, the iuriher
you remove the Government of the country
