1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1561
there was «o difference as to the fact that he
must have been a citizen nine years before
lie could take his seat. Mr. Webster on that
occasion said :
" I hold most unquestionably that the election
was void, because the person upon whom the eleo-
t ion foil was not competent to discharge the functions
of the office that was intended to bo conferred upon
hiui; that is to say, to be a Senator from the 3d
Mwcli. 1849, for six years. Now. if he could bo a
Senator from the 3d March for six years, then ho was
not eligible for tho senatorial terra, and It might
jostaswell be said that he might bo elected when he
hod been a citiien six years, and await the lapse of
three years beforo commencing his period of service,
as it may be said that ho may do elccted and ftwait
tho lapse of nine months. That proposition is so
clear that I think a Utile reflection will satisfy every
gentleman on tho sutoect."—Globe, volume 20, page
336.
Hero was a gallant officer, who fought
bravely in the Mexican war, had risk eel and
IiaJ nearly lost his life from a desperate wound;
and because he lacked a few months of having
beeft a citizen of the United States for niue
years, lie was rejected by the Senate, and there
was not a single dissenting opinion upon this
subject. The only difference was upon the
point whether the niney ears must elapse before
he took his seat, or before he was elected, or
before the term commenced which he was
elected to fill; but there was no difference as
to this qualification of citizenship, and it shows
how important the Senators of that day con-
si Jered that question. They believed it essen-
tial. They considered that naturalization did
not make hiin a citizen within the purview of
the Constitution, and they therefore required
"that he be sent back; and he was, I believe,
subsequently reelected. . -- .,
I omitted to refer to a case decided in TTN5
State of Connecticut upon the subject of citi-
zenship, and 1 will now advert to it. It is the
case of Crandall vs. The State, reported in 10
Connecticut lleports, 340:
" Upon an information filed against Prudence Cran-
dallforaviolation of this law, [.for teaching negroes,]
tine of the points raised in the defense was, that the
lawwasaviolationof the Constitution of the United
States; and that the persons instructed, although of
the African race, wore citizens of other States and
therefore entitled to the rights and privileges of citi-
zens rathe Stat* of Connecticut; but Chief Justice
Dagget, before whom the caie was triad. held that
persons nf that description were not citizens of a
State within tbe meaningof the word 'citizen* in the
Constitution ofthe United States, andwere notthere-
ioroentitled to the privilege# and immunities nf citi-
zens in other States."
So, Mr. President, we have the decisions of
the State courts. The decisions abound in the
.judicial tribunals of the,States in which they
have held that persons of African descent,
however light their complexion, were not citi-
zens of the State. That has been held, I
believe, in all the State courts, and in no case
has there been a decision where these people
were considered citizens of the United States.
I venture, tbe assertion that there is not a case
to be found in any of the reports of the courts
in which these people, whether free,or slave,
have been,considered citizens of the United
States. Not oqly have the legislation and the
decisions of the courts in the thirteen original
States conformed to- this view of the subject,
bat States that have come in since have,. I
believe, in almost every instance passed legis-
lative enactments forbiddiog these people in ter-
marrying with whites and denying to them
many of the rights of citizenship.
I believe at one period the State of Ohio
enacted a law that no free negro or person of
African descent should live in that State. They
refused to permit them to go into the State or
to reside in it. Indiana, I am informed, also
passed a similar law, and I knowmy o.wn State
had a similar enactment, and it is said to be in
the. constitution ofthe State of Indiana. Most
if not all the States have had laws imposing
restrictions and disqualifications upon them.
No voice ever reached my ear claiming them to
be citizensof the United States until after the
passage of tbe civil rights bill in 1866.
There has been a uniformity of decisions,
•and a universal acquiescence, not only in this
construction, but in the judgment of all courts,
and an acquiescence and action in the admin-
istration of the Government, which made a
distinction between the races. There was a
case which arose in ray own State. The law
prohibited a free negro after he went out of
the State from returning. One became master
of a vessel, and was sworn as such in the city
of Philadelphia by the collector; he returned
and was tried; his defense was that as a mas-
ter of a vessel he had a right, in pursuing or
engaging in commerce, to go from State to
State. But when application was made to the
: Treasury Department it declared that the action
; of the collector was illegal, and the defense
failed.
Mr. President, in every view of this subject
which I have been enabled to take, and I have
endeavored to consider it fairly and impartially,
I cannot conceive that a person of this descrip-
| tion is a citizen of tbe United States within
the intent and meaning of the Constitution.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Maryland this question:
suppose the nine years bad elapsed and there
was no question on the point, would the Sen-
ator vote for the admission of a colored person
to the seat ?
Mr. VICKERS. Will tbe Senator let me
know what his question is? I did not hear it
so clearly as to comprehend it fully.
Mr. STEWART. If the nine years had
elapsed, and that question were out of the way,
would the Senator then vote for the admission
of a colored Senator duly elected from a State ?
Mr. VICKERS. Well, I shall have to be a
little like a Yankee, and answer that question
by asking another. Does the Senator consider
! that question any illustration of a constitu-
!l tional argument? Is an answer to that question
i | one way or the other to enlighten the judgment
I: of this Senate in determining what is constitu-
i tional or not?
Mr. STE WART. I wanted to determine the
i question whether the Senator from Maryland
!i had such an objection to a colored man, assuch
per te, that he would not let him in if he were
j, a citizen tbe requisite time?
Mr. STOCKTON. Will the Senator from
Maryland permit me to answer that question?
Mr. VICKERS. Yes, sir. b
Mr. STOCKTON. The Constitution of the
United States says that the States shall choose
Senators; and it is net the business of any Sen-
ator on this floor to choose or select aSenator,
We do not know the color of that man by the
credentials. Therefore, I answer that if the
State of Mississippi elects a man to the Senate
of the United States who has the proper con-
i I siitutional qualifications I should vote for his
admission; and this resolution simply asksy out,
gentlemen, to inquire whether he has those
qualifications; that is all. But if he is a citi-
zen, and is eligible, and Mississippi prefers a
negro to represent her, I have no right to call
it in question.
Mr. STEWART. I am very glad that I
asked the question, and I am very glad to hear
the Senator from New Jersey make that dec-
laration that if Mr. Revels is a citizen, then
there is no objection to his admission.
Mr. VICKERS. Mr. President, whenever
an individual presents himself to this bocjy for
^membership in it, and he has.been legally and
regularly elected to the Senate, and his cre-
dentials are properly authenticated, and he be
thirty years of age, and be an inhabitant of the
State from which he was elected, and has been
a citizen of the United States for nine years, I
cannot raise any objection tohis admission.
Of course. I cannot and -should not. My ob-
jections are all founded upon the Constitution.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, neither the
Senate nor the country will be surprised that
nearly three days have been Bpent in the con-
sideration of the simple question of adminis-
tering the oath to the Senator-elect from Mis-
sissippi. Senators upon the other side of the
Cbaurberhave avowed their opposition to the
administration of that oath. The country will
note it; the eight hundred thousand colored
voters of the country will remember it; his-
tory will record it.. We have heard much ot'
dying in the last ditch. Here is that last ditch.
This is the last battle. These lamentations,
these wailings we now hear are the notes of
the dying swans.
Sir, during the last nine years at all times,
on every occasion, we have had the unbroken
opposition of the gentlemen who assumed to
speak for the Democratic party against every
movement made to smite the fetters from the
limbs of a race, or to elevate it up to the equal
and full rights of citizenship. We have often
had detailed in all their cruelty and wickedness
the barbarous laws of slavery. Again has the
Senator from Kentucky held those barbarizing
enactments of other times up to the gaze of
the Senate. Sir, I assure that honorable Sen-
ator that it is always painful to hear the provi-
sions of those laws recited, whether they were
enacted by one section of the country or the
other, by Massachusetts or his own Common-
wealth. They only show the barbarous tenden-
cies of the slave system which so long dishon-
ored humanity and defied God. We may blush
for the past of the country. Slavery in every
form in which it has presented itself in our coun-
try has been a degradation of human nature
and ablasphemoos defiance of the revealed will
of Almighty God. Even now, when our work
is nearly completed, when in a few moments a
black man will walk up to your desk, Mr.
President, and take the oaths of office as a
Senator of the United States; when a race has
been elevated from chattelhood to all tbe rights
of humanity, we are taunted here by Senators
with having acted during the last nine years
of struggle as misdirected and frenzied fanatics 1
Sir, we have been bat the poor, hesitating,
halting, weak instruments in the hands of Al-
mighty God to strike the fetters from a race
and elevate k,*ud save the republican institu-
tions of the United States. Evei'y act we have
performed for the last ten years will stand the
scrutiny of tbe living, present and. of the com-
ing future. Here at any time we are Teady to
meet anybody on every one of-theae acts of
ours, Bone twenty-five or thirty of tbem, by
which emancipation has been secured and tbe
rights of these people established. We com-
mit it to history, we commit it to the future;
and when we have passed away, when you,
sir, and all of us shall sleep beneath the sods
of our regenerated land, the record will live,
 nd it will shine and gleam immortal in the
gibrious pages of human history. It will never
be blurred or blotted by the race, but will be
cherished as are cherished the glories of the
revolutionary fathers.
Then we are taunted, and threatened, too,
with predictions and prophecies of-what is to
come to us. We are told, I hope.for the last
time, that there is to be an "awakening," an
"uprising." What we have done is to be
undone; these brightdegdsof ours for human-
ity are to be shaken off by the country. Sir,
I hbd hoped that honorable 'Senators had
learoed wisdom from the lessohs of the past.
-Tfce&e prophetic utterances commenced in the
year 1861, and they have been continuous till
the present hour. Open the debates and yon
will find that they have been repeated on all the
great questions as they have arisen, one after
another. Yet, sir, a body of men pledged to
freedom, coming into power then with eighteen
hundrfed thousand voters, number four millions
this day, and they have more strength, power,
and vitality than any party that ever trod this
Republic. These predictions, prophecies, and
menaces come from Senators* too, who as
they have sat here have seen, one by one, their
friends depart and others take their places, until
to-day out of seventy-four Senators eleeted only
nine were chosen by the Democratic party.
Sir, I give honorable Senators notice that
not one Bingle act of ours, from the little begin-
ing which stfack the fetters ffom tbe limbs of
