1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5i1
41sx Coxg....2d Sess.
Fifteenth Amendment—Mr. Prosser.
Ho. of Beps.
unlawful means, j-hnll hinder, delay, prevent, or ob-
struct, or shall combine and confederate 'with others
to hinder, delay, prevent, or obstruct any citizen
froia doing any act required to be done to qualify
him to vote, or from voting at any election as afore-
said, such person fdia!l,for every sueh offense, forfeit
and pay the sum of^otlO to the person aggrieved there-
by, to bo recovered by an action on the case, with
full costs and such allowance for counsel fees as the
court shall deem just, and shall also for every such
offense beguiity of a misdemeanor, and shall on con-
viction thereof be lined not less than $500, or be im-
prisoned not less than one month and not more than
one year, or both, at the discretionof the court.
Sec. o. And be it further enacted. That if any per-
son shall prevent, hinder, control, or iirtimidate or
shall attempt to prevent, hinder, control, or intim-
idate any person from exercising or in exercising the
right of suffrage, to whom the right of suffrage is
secured or guarantied by the fifteenth amendment
to the Constitution of the United States, by means
of bribery, threats, or threats of depriving such per-
son of employment or occupation, or of ejecting
such person from rented house, lands, orother prop-
erty, or by threats of refusing to renew leases or con-
tracts for labor, or by threats of violence to himself
or family, such person so offending shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall on conviction
thereof be fined not le«s than $500, or be imprisoned
not less than one month and not more than one year,
-or both, at the discretion of the court.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That if two or
more persons shall band or conspire together, or go
in disguise upon the public highway, or upon the
premises of another, with intent to violate any pro-
vision of this act, or to injure, oppress, threaten, or
intimidate any citizen with intent to prevent or
hinder his free exercise or enjoyment of any right
or privilege granted or secured to him by the Con-
stitution or'laws of the United States, or because of
his having exercised the same, such persons shall be
held guilty of felony, and on conviction thereof,
shall be fined, imprisoned, or both, at the discretion
of the court: the line not to exceed $5,000, and the
imprisonment not to cxceed ten years; and shall,
moreover, be thereafter ineligible to and disabled
from holding any office or place of honor, profit, or
trust creatcd by the Constitution or laws of the
United States.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the right to the exercise
of the elective franchise is one of the dearest
rights to the citizen in every age and in every
country, but more especially in our own, where
every man has a direct interest in the affairs
of the Government. It is the matchless glory
of America that here the humblest citizen is a
direct participant in the administration of pub-
lic affairs. To the Republican party belongs
the honor of having made suffrage universal.
In the exercise of the right of suffrage thou-
sands of our fellow-citizens have lost their lives;
that is, for exercising it according to the dic-
tates of their own consciences, and to the best
of their judgment. It is not known that any
of the perpetrators of these murders were
ever punished. Thousands of men have been
whipped in the most barbarous manner, and
otherwise maltreated for the same reason. It
is not known that any of those by whom these
outrages were committed have been brought
to justice.
The crimes that have been perpetrated by
those who are opposed to the free exercise by
every citizen of his rights as a citizen would
be a disgrace in any country and in any age of
the world. It is the highest duty of the Gov-
ernment to see that these outrages are stopped
and their perpetrators punished. No other
duty which devolves upon the national Govern-
ment is more plain and imperative. To fail in
the performance of this duty is to make itself
particeps crimiriis in the commission of these
unlawful acts, and to make itself the aider and
abettor of the wicked wretches who are doing
all in their power to destroy our republican
institutions and free government. It is high
time that those who desire the permanenc}7 ot
our Government should take active measures
to see that individual rights throughout the
country are thoroughly find conipletely pro-
tected.
Those who brought about, the war and who
advocated secession did it for the purpose of
destroying individual rights under the pitiful
plea of establishing State rights. The result
of the war, unless that result should be aban-
doned. was to destroy State rights as incom- i
patible with the character and object of our
institutions, and to restore the rights of the
individual. The history of the Republic in
this respect is so fully and clearly stated by
the able Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Schuez,]
in a recent speech on the subject, that I will
give an extract therefrom :
*' Constitutions and constitutional constructions do
do not spring from a mere process of philosophical
speculation and reasoning. They grow out of condi-
tions, circumstances, events, sympathies, prevailing
interests. # We all remember that the most powerful
political interest in this country for a long period
previous to the war was that ot slavery. We remem-
ber, also, that the slave power, finding itself at war
with the conscience of mankind, condemned by the
enlightened spirit of this age, menaced by adverse
interests growing stronger and stronger every day,
sought safety behind the bulwark of what they
euphoniously called local self-goYernment, and in-
trenched itself in the doctrine of State sovereignty.
To be sure, it made, from that defensive position,
offensive sallies, encroaching on the rights of the
non-slaveholding States, as, for instance, in the case
of the notorious fugitive slave law and the attempt
to take possession of the whole territorial domain of
this Republic; but the doctrine of State sovereignty
was its main citidel, it3 base of operations.
" What was this dogma? It was asserted and ac-
cepted as a fundamental principle, as the peculiarly
democratic feature of our republican system of gov-
ernment, that the several geographical and political
subdivisions of this Republic called the States should
not only have the right to govern and manage their
own home affairs, independent of all interference on
the part ol the national authority, but also to determ-
ine for themselves whether their whole population,
or only a part, and what part, should participate in
the managemontof their common concerns, that is
to say, in the functions of self-government. In other
words, the doctrine was that the States had the right
to subject a large portion of their people to the
absolute dominion and despotic rule of another por-
tion, and to determine at their discretion by what
means that despotic rule of man over man should
be set on foot and perpetuated, no matter how fla-
grantly hostile those means might be to the funda-
mental rights and liberties upon which the whole
labric offree government rests. That was the Demo-
cratic doctrine of State sovereignty. It was called
the principal safeguard of popularself-government,
and canonized with the name of true and genuine
democracy. And now look at some of those mon-
strous political fallacies in which that doctrine of
true self-government and genuine democracy re-
sulted; and when I have stated them you will at
once discern their consanguinity with the very argu -
ments which have been urged upon this floor asrainst
our constitutional amendments and that legislation
which is necessary to enforce them.
" It was said that true liberty implied the right of
one man to hold another man as his slave. It was
said and bciieved that the United States could not be
a truly republican organization unless the several
States had the power to maintain and perpetuate
undemocratic institutions, itwassaid that true self-
government consisted in the very fact that the several
States of this Union should have the power to exclude
a very large number of their population from the
exercise of all the functions of self-government. In
other words, you, my Democratic Iriends, in the name
of liberty asserted the right of one man, under State
law, to deprive another man of his freedom; in the
name of democracy you asserted the right of on©
class of people under State law to rule despotically
over another class; in the name of self-government
you asserted the right of the States to exclude a
large portion, sometimes even amounting to a major-
ity of their population, from all participation in self-
government. Now, my friend from New Jersey will
permit me to say that I, and those who like me left
their old homes, did by no means come to this coun-
try for the purpose of maintaining and perpetuating
such blessing? of liberty and self-government.
"Sir, you would search tho history of the aber-
rations of the human mind in vain for an array of
logical contradiction^ more glaring and monstrous,
for a structure of political fallacies more barefaced,
more audacious, more wicked, and more mischiev-
ous, There ne\er was a more tianspaient attempt
to hide the rao^t odious and arbitrary despotism
under the guise of Democratic professions; and it is
indeed surprising how such a tissue of false pretenses
coukl ever have survived a moment's unprejudiced
scrutiny; hut more surprising still it is that even ot
this day something akin to it should find a voice on
the floor of the American Senate.
" Finally that structure of fallacies still so over-
shadowing but ten short years ago, tumbled down.
It fell after having heaped outrage alter outrage
upon the dignity oi human uatuie; after having for
generations befogged the mmd>, corrupted the logic,
and debauched the moial sen.^e of the American
people; attcr having well nu*U poisoned our whole
political life; after having invohed this country m
the most irre press j hi e ot con flic ts. Iiiell.attei having
arrayed man against man in bloody struggle, after
having devoured live hundred thousand ot the chil-
dren of tins Kepublic and untold millions of our
treasure. It was finallyoverttirown by the shock ot
the great revolution. And what did that revolution
putin its place? It gave us three great amendments
to the national Constitution. The first ordains that
no State shall henceforth have the power to intro-
duce or maintain slavery or involuntary servitude.
The second ordains that all persons born or natural-
ized in the United States are citizens of the United
States and of the States in which they reside, and
that no State shall henceforth have tho power to
make or enforce any law abridging the privileges
and immunities of citizens of the Republic. The
third ordains that no State shall abridge the right
of suffrage of any citizen on account of race, color,
or previous condition ot servitude. And all three
empower Congress to pass appropriate legislation for
their enforcement.
"That is the result of the great constitutional
revolution. Whatdoesthisresultsignifv? Thewar
grew out of the systematic violation of individual
rights by State authority. Tho war ended with the
vindication of individual rights by the national
power. The revolution found the rights of the indi-
vidual at the mercy of the States, and it rescued
them from their arbitrary discretion, and placed
them under the shield of national protection. It
made the liberty and rights of every citizen in every
State a matter of national concern. Ontof a repub-
lic of arbitrary local organizations itmade arepublic
of equal citizcns—citizens exercising the right of
self-government under and through the States, but
as to their rights as citizens not being subject to the
arbitrary, will of the States. It grafted upon the
Constitution of the United States tho guarantee of
national ci&zenship; and it empowered Congress,
as the organ of the national will, to enforce that
guarantee by national legislation. That is the
meaning; of that great revolution; and if Demo-
cratic Senators denounce the bill at present before
us as its offspring they are welcome. I accept the
name."
Mr. Speaker, theextractwhichlhave caused
to be read states very clearly the cause and the
result of the war. Before secession was at-
tempted we were a Republic only in name.
Theoretically we advocated the doctrine of the
Declaration of Independence, '' that all men
were born free and equal," but practically we
defied it. Under the specious pretense of
supporting States rights, the rights of the indi-
vidual, which lie at the foundation of all Gov-
ernments, especially republican, were ignored.
As between the two, when the conflict between
them became an irrepressible one, it was nat-
ural that the people should choose to sustain
the doctrine of individual rights. No other
course would have been republican. To have
done otherwise would have been to put the
control of the country in the hands of the few
as against the many.
If the doctrine of State rights had prevailed
the colored population would have been kept
in a condition of slavery, and a large mass of
the white citizens of the country would have
been at the mercy of a few unscrupulous lead-
ers and rulers. Therefore this bill is one of
those measures that are absolutely necessary
to carry into a effect the decisions of the late
war. Its object is simply to secure to every
individual his rights as a citizen. It is to
carry into effect the doctrine of the Declara-
tion of Independence, that "allmen are bom
free and equal."
If the leaders of the Democracy are opposed
to the principle involved in this bill, their op-
position has at least the virtue of consistency.
Having opposed every other measure of the
kind, it is natural that they should attempt to
defeat the one under consideration. Yet if
their opposition to a measure so just and rea-
sonable in itself as this is, and so general in
its application, should be unaccountable, the
arguments they make use of against it are
equally weak and contemptible.
The distinguished gentleman from Indiana
[Mr, Kerr] tells us that if this bill becomes
a law in some sections of the country it w!!i
become a fruitful source of trouble, contu-
sion. disturbance, strife, litigation, and injus-
tice.'' Of course it will become a "source of
trouble"' to those who violate its provisions
and disregard its injunctions. All laws are a
"source of trouble'' to law-breakers. Thieves,
robbers, and murderers are alwaysa£iuistuib-
ance" in every community, and their unlawful
acts frequently give rise to ''litigation;'5 but
