1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
533?
this bill, and agreed upon it in council, feeling
the injustice ot' that, attempted to salve it over
by giving to these poor officers a year's pay!
I think that provision is very unjust. These
men are right fresh from the field of war. They
are no play-day soldiers; they are men that
have faced the musket and cannon and dangers
and perils of war on every field of strife from
Mason and Dixon's line to the Gulf, and the
v/ounds of many of them are not yet fully
cicatrized from these bloody fields. And yet,
sir, this nation, wanting in generosity, warning
it seems to me in every principle of gratitude,
wanting in the principle of national manhood,
upon the mere question of expense for a year
or two, will set the seal of disapprobation 011
this class of men.
Sir, if there is anything that takes itself to
mv heart it is a wounded soldier. If there is
anything for which I bear with mo a living,
lively gratitude, it is to the Army that saved
this Republic; and, sir, I would rather toil
additional hours to pay a portion of their ex-
pense until they were absorbed by death or by
promotion, and lost in that Army which they
so faithfully served.
Why is it that we are in such a hurry ? "Oh,"
the answer is, "to save expense." Sir, I do
not know but that I am different from most
men. I see no reason, however, why this
Repuhlic should be niggardly and mean. I
know that we hear every day that taxation is
burdensome. Mr. President, I remember tax-
ation for forty years, and I undertake to say,
and ' I assert it, that there never was a time,
within the last forty years, when this nation
felt the burden of taxation as little as it does
now. If it has increased, the means have
increased by which it can be paid from the
well-filled garners of the farmer and the better
filled pockets of the merchant and speculator.
There is 110 reason why now, to save a few
thousand dollars, this class of officers should
be thus disposed of. Sir, at least it shall not
be said that they had not one voice laised in
their behalf on this floor.
Sir, like treatment to the soldiers of any
other army in the world would cost the proud-
est monarch his crown. As firmly as the
emperor of Prance seems to sit 011 his throne
to-day, to snatch one of the decorations from
off the old soldier in the H6tel des invalides
would cost him his crown ; Prance would be
upheaved ia a minute. If no other nation can
afford to do it, let us not set the example.
Our armies are not always marshaled like the
armies of empires and kingdoms. Our armies
are made from the men who cultivate the fields,
from the mechanic's shop, from the merchant's
clerk, and, indeed, every phase of youth when
the country is in danger springs up and arms
and rushes to the defense of the country. And,
sir, is this the example that we would set them
for future emergencies? Is this the reward we
shall make to our soldiers, and expect to fall
our ranks with volunteers again'/ No, sir;
sach arguments will not prevail. Such remun-
eration will be entirely unsatisfactory.
Sir, go to the hearth-stone of the farmer;
there is where you will get your soldier; go to
the crowded marts of your city and see the
young men leaving for the fields of strife, and
see the mothers kissing the last tear from oft'
the cheeks of their childien, and tell them
that the nation, while yet their wounds bled,
turned round, and, as a matter of saving a few
thousand dollars, wrote eternal disgrace on
their brow, and what will be the response?
Against all such rewards I protest.
Now, Mr. President, I have said what I
desired to say upon that one point of this bill;
bat there is another point that I have some-
thing to say about that addresses itself at
once to our national pride and character.
The distinguished individual who now occu-
pies the presidential chair was permitted to
lead ill the last great struggle that overthrew
the bloodiest rebellion of the world, and !
bronchi off our arms victorious and our comi- j
try safe. In a moment of national gratitude,
and in a moment of the soundest impulse,
which is more to be trusted than the judgment
of men on such occasions—in a moment of
grateful impulse, which impulse stirred and
throbbed every loyal heart in America, he was
made General of the Army of the United
States. The world knows how gracefully these
honors sat his shoulders, and a grateful nation
only robbed him of that title to confer on him
a higher, that of commander, chief of gen-
erals. That was the response; it wag the
natural response of a grateful people.
No less eminent in arms, no less deserving
at the hands of a gratified people, is the name
of him who occupies that place now; and
while the history of this country shall be read,
it is written and will never be effaced that Gen-
eral Sherman stands preeminently the proud-
est captain of bis age. He has written his
history upon the mountain tops of the West
and upon the plains of the South. He has
dared the danger of the miasma and faced
infuriated enemies' missiles of death ; and with
no less spirit of gratitude did a grateful nation
confer the honor of General upon him. When
it was done, and done, too, by his chief in war,
this nation, from one end of it to the other,
cried "Amen." Not a tittle less in the affec-
tions of the people is the now General held
than was his predecessor. Sir, the nation
bequeathed that title upon him, and I beg of
the nation not to take it back.
This bill provides that this office shall cease
when the present occupant dies or resigns. It
would not be long, it seems to me, m my case
before there would be a vacancy if a nation
which owed me so much should attempf to
degrade me by cutting down the salary that I
received and was to receive. What means it?
Is this the General Sherman to whom all eyes
were turned in that hour when the last star of
hope grew pale and the mind sickened amid
the convulsions around us? Is it he whose
proud plume was seen above the smoke of
battle? Is it he whose saber was worth a
legion of soldiers and whose voice was wort-h
a thousand men?
"One blast upon his bugle-horn
"Wero worth a thousand men."
And is this the man from whom it is now
sought to take off four, or five thousand dol-
lars a year in his salary because taxation is so
onerous? Let me ask my friend from Massa-
chusetts, who leads this movement, what would
this nation have given, what would it have
obligated itself to give General Sherman when
he cut loose from his base of war at Atlanta
and faced for the sea—what would it have
given him to insure success ? More millions
than the salaries of all the officers and men in
the Army; and yet now, in a spirit wanting
entirely in generosity, you seek to degrade him
by cutting down his salary. Poll every school
district of this Union, ay, you may include the
rebel districts themselves, and the people will
tell you that if laurels won in war were ever
worth remembering in a nation's history, they
would despise the idea of taking from him
one farthing of the compensation that was
fixed by law when he accepted the office. If the
salary in the first place had been but $12,000,
I should have said amen ; but if it was $15,000
or $18,000, why cut it down now? I assert,
talk about it as you please, that it is a degra-
dation to the man to cut it down.
Sir, what would have been thought in the
British nation, after Wellington's victory at
Waterloo, and after the nation covered him all
over with decorations and laurels, of a man
who would have risen in the British Parlia-
ment and moved 10 cut down the salary of the
Duke of Wellington ?
Mr. CAltl'ENTEft. And that within four
years after Waterloo.
Mr. NYE. Yes, sir; and that within four
years after he had come all bloody from the
strife ; a man who boasted, and could well
boast, of having laid the proudest warriors of
his day at his feet; and he did it at Waterloo.
Not only'did the British nation not do that,
but they still shower everlasting and accumu-
lating honors upon his posterity. On every
corner is seen the statue of the Duke of Wel-
lington. He is England's boast, dead or alive;
and 1 tell you, Mr. President, that England
reasons well. You must commemorate, you
must cherish and nourish the heroes of your
land, if you would have heroes in the hour of
danger. Go where you may throughout Eng-
land, the statues of the Duke of Wellington are
to be seen. Go where you may, you see the
statue of Lord Nelson, who rode the waves and
defied navies in a way that no former naval
officer of England had done. They crowned him
and his posterity with living glory. I would
do so with our heroes. Where Wellington fought
one battle Sherman has fought ten, and bloodier
battles than Wellington ever fought anywhere.
Do you doubt it, sir? Go count the nameless
graves of a hundred battle-fields. Do you
doubt it? Then, sir, history is a lie.
Instead of cutting down his salary, I .would
put a monument in every city of this land to
him. The way to make heroes is to remember
them gratefully. But, sir, my feeble indorse-
ment of General Sherman can add nothing to
his imperishable glory. lie has written it in
blood, and it will live in the memory of this
people forever.
Now, sir, who is the next man whose salary
is proposed to be cut down two or three thousand
dollars for the same reason, on account of the
burden of taxation? It is General Sheridan, a
name now as immortal in this country as it is in
England, as famous in the field here as was
England's Sheridan in council. And is it that
same Sheridan who snatched victory from the
jaws of defeat in the valley of Virginia 1 Is
it that same Sheridan who came rushing to the
broken columns of defeat, and, as if by magic,
turned disorder into order, and gained a vic-
tory over superior force? Sir, it is the same
Sheridan. Has the nation forgotten that?
Is it the same Sheridan who closed this bloody
drama at Pive Porks? Is it the same Sheri-
dan who cut off the retreat of the remnant
of the rebel army ? It is the same. And now
this Military Committee would fain make
us believe that the people demand that the
salaries of these generals shall be cut down
seven or eight thousand dollars. Sir, if it was
but one penny I would resist it. 1 care not
for the thousands of dollars, but it is the prin-
ciple of the thing, it is the utter forgetfuluess
of the gratitude of a people. Above all, is
it that same Sheridan who now is baring his
bosom upon the western frontier against the
whetted knife and tomahawk of the ruthless
savage, that are lifted against defenseless
women and children ? Is it the same Sheridan
who strikes terror eveu to the savage to-day?
And yet we see the humiliating spectacle
of an effort to cut down his salary. - No,
sir ; Sheridan, like Sherman, should have his
statue, and a grateful people will rear it; and
they should notfall at the hands of their friends.
Had the character of this Chamber and the
other changed, then it would not have been so
strange; but right here 011 the hearthstone of
this country, right here where they looked for
succor while they were fighting these battles
with such terrible power; right here, the bosom
from which they drew their nutriment, this
proposition comes to cut down their salaries.
Mr. President, I hope this will not be done.
In the name of justice, it should not be done.
In the name ot a dearer word than justice,
national gratitude, it should not be done. In
the name of propriety, it should not be done.
And. sir, in the name of the countless thou-
sands of soldiers who have returned to their
homes, it should not be done. In view of the
future exigencies and emergencies of this coun-
try, it should not be doue. When the dmm
beats again for strife and the bugle shall sound
hereafter, more reluctant will be our sons to
put ou their armor and go forth if this is liw
