187Q.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GftOBEl.
3449
ceii, by inserting after the word "the" the
words " Solicitor and Naval Judge Advocate
General, $3,500."
Mr. EDMUNDS. Who is that ?
Mr. DRAKE. The Solicitor and Naval
Judge Advocate General.
Mr. EDMUNDS and Mr. SHERMAN. His '
office has expired. # I
Mr. DRAKE. Hisofficehasexpired,accord- j
ing to the terms of the law, probably two or j
three years; but each year Congress has con- j
tinued it by an appropriation ; and I aslc that j
the same tiling be done for the ctiming year. !
There are now pending two or three bills in
each end of the Capitol for making tlie office i
permanent. The Naval Committee are unani-
mous in acceding to the wishes of the Navy ;
Department that this office be continued. The
former Secretary of the Navy, under whose ;
administration it was established, urgently
asked that it be continued, and the present
one continues to ask it; and I hope that the
Senate will without hesitation continue the
appropriation for another year, until we see at
least whether the two Houses will establish it
permanently, as there are now propositions in
each House to do.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not know much about
the particular merit of this subject; but I do
remember that for a year or two back we have
been asked, as a matter of special good will to
the gentleman who occupies this office, to let
him go over for one year more to wind np his
basiness and go off with credit j that the pub-
lic service did not require to.have that office,
which was one of the sprouts of the war, to
use an agricultural expression, continued any
longer; and I remember that the impression I
produced upon my mind in that debate was '
that there was no real necessity for continuing
the office any longer. It expired by its own !
limitation at the termination of the war; but
we have voted, as my friend says, for a year
or two this appropriation, so far as my vote
is concerned, certainly, as a matter of grace and
good will to this gentleman, so as not to turn
him out, suddenly. With that view, I doubt i
whether it is wise to agree to this amendment, j
Mr. DRAKE. I am very much surprised j
that the honorable Senator from Vermont, i
usually so accurate in his statements to the j
Senate, has fallen into such a very great inac- j
curacy on this subject. Whatever may have I
been said to the Senator from.Vermontiii pri-
vate conversation, 1, who have participated in
the debates on this question for two successive
years, have no recollection of any Senator ever
urging on the floor of the Senate the continu-
ance of thfs office out of personal considera-
tion for any ni^n; but I have very distinct
recollection that the continuance of it was
urged upon the ground of the public Interest
and the necessity of the public service; urged
upon the ground that the. Navy Department
requested that the officer should be continued.
There has been .passed in either House more
than once, if my memory serves me, some bill
making the office permanent,.which haa never
yet reached its final consummation by being
passed in the other House.
Now, Mr. President, it is very strange to me
that you will have a Bureau of Military Justice,
with a major general at the head of it, and a
brigadier general after him, and. any number
of other officers following on, and will not give
one single law officer to the Navy Department.
I do not comprehend this. I do not compre-
hend this annual,return of opposition to giving
one law officer to the Navy Department, when
that officer has to revise annually .nearly a thou-
sand, cases tried by courts-martial.
Now, Mr, President, if the Senate chooses
to refuse tins amendment, which is asked for
hy'the Navy Department and asked for by the
Naval Committee, the responsibility rests upon
them, not o.y me..
Mr. SUMNER. I, hope the Senate will not
refuse to second the recommendation of the
Committee on Naval Affairs. I am satisfied on
general grounds that such sin officer is needed
at the Navy Department; indeed, I do not see
very well how that branch of the public service
can proceed satisfactorily without such an offi-
cer. My conclusion, therefore, would be in
favor of the proposition on general grounds in
the absence of any specific evidence or knowl-
edge.
Now, I am so situated that I do know some-
thing independent of what seeriis to be the
general argument in its favor,, of the pressing
necessity of such an office at this tim«i I am
satisfied that there is a large amount of business
there which cannot be satisfactorily attended to
without the assistance of such an officer. It
seems to me, therefore, the recommendation
of the committee ia at once.reasonable and is
sustained by evidence.
Mr. ANTHONY. The present Secretary of
the Navy and the late Secretary of the Navy
both have recommended the continuance of
this office. He is the only law officer con-
nected with the Navy Department, and I have no
doubt that he saves the Government ten times
his salary every year.
Mr. DRAKE. I have simply to add that
there has just been placed in my hands a. copy
of the bill passed by the House of Representa-
tives, and sent here, to establish the depart-
ment of justice, in which this officer is recog-
nized as an existing and continuing officer of
the Government. That has passed the House.
Now, we simply ask here that the appropria-
tion be continued for another year, and then
we will see whether it is necessary, to be con-
tinued longer. ,
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to ask the chair-
man of the Naval Committee, or the Senator
from Missouri, whether there is any such offi-
cer in existence now as this amendment pro-
vides for?
Mr. DRAKE. The office was established to
continue during the war of the rebellion and one
year after; and from the time of the expiration
of that one year the office has been continued
in existence by an annual appropriation, which
is always regarded as authorizing the office;
and the officer has been performing its duties
and is performing them now, and provision is
made in the bill passed in the House for the
establishment of the department of justice for
this officer, and his office is regulated and con-
trolled therein.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, this is
really,a very large subject, I can very well
conceive that every Department will need legal
advice, and need some one ,wl*o will make the
law relating to that Department a specialty;
and therefore that it might be very well, in-
deed, to have a law officer belonging to each
Department. And yet there have, been objec-
tions made to that, that it leads to a diversity
of interpretations of the laws of the United
States, and that it in fact supplants the Attorney
General, One thing is very certain, the Attor-
ney General cannot himself decide the every-
day questions that arise, in the various Depart-
ments, and accordingly we find he. already haa
assistants and clerks who do a great deal of
the work for him. .. .
But there is now a proposition to establish
a department of justice; and whether or not
before that matter shall have been considered
by the Senate we ought to make further appro-
priations for this special legal officer is a ques-
tion that may perhaps be worthy of the con-
sideration of the Senate. r. _
If my friend. from Missourl has considered
this question, and thinks thisappropriation li^d
better be made for another year, I will not
oppose it; but if we are to consider at this
session whether pr not.we shallh^vea depart-
ment of justice which, shall, serve tor produce
uniformity of decision in .regard,to all these
questions, and shall, be sufficient for, the,pur-
pose,^ then perhaps.ft,might be.as well not to
'consider this question now.
Mr. DRAKE. I will reply to the Senator
from Ohio that this amendment comes from
the Nava,l Committee, after full consideration;
and I will make this further remark, that if
in the establishment of the department of jus-
tice it should be the judgment of both Houses
that this office may be dispensed with of course
this appropriation will not be needed.
The amendment was agreed to; there being,
on a division—ayes 20, noes 19.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair desires
to state in regard to this paragraph that a dis-
crepancy has been discovered in regard to the
chief clerk of the Navy Department between
the bill as it passed the House of Representa-
tives and the printed text as it has been before
the Senate. The Senate will remember that
tliey debated'for some time in regard to the
chief clerk .of the Navy Department, whether
his compensation ^hould be $2,200 or $2,500,
the Committee on Appropriations recommend-
ing that the text be charged from " $2,200" to
" $2,500." Upon, an examination of the en-
grossed bill, the manuscript bill, asit came from
the House of Representatives, it appears the
House passed the bill with this paragraph fixing
the salary at $2,500. That is in the engrossed
bill; and therefore the $2,200 in the bill, as
printed and referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, was an error, and the vote of
the Senate on the proposed amendment was a
nullity.,, The Cliair states it so that if Senators
desire to change this compensation from that
named in the House bill they may be able to
move such an amendment. The manuscript
engrossed, bill of the House makes the salary
of the chief clerk of the Navy Department
$2,500, and has not yet been amended, incon-
sequence of the mistake of the printer in mak-
ing it $2,200.
Me. TRUMBULL. I offer the following
amendment, to come in after section two as
section three:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted. That the com-
pensation of the female clerks, copyists, and counters
employed in the several Departments and bureaus,
whose appointments are made by the several heads
of Departments under the provisions of Jaw,-shall,
from ana after the 30 th day of June, 1870, be the same
as male clerks performing the like or similar Ser-
vices ; and it shall be the duty of the several heads
of Departments , so- to olassify said female em-
ploye's as to carry out the provisions of this section;
and the amount necessary to pajrthe increased com-
pensation herein provided for for the year ending
June 30, 1871, is hereby appropriated out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. POMEROY. While I am in favor of
this amendment I see that it does not include,
and I do not know that it can be framed so a«
to include all the cases that I should be glad
in an amendment of this kind to reach. This
amendment only applies to female clerks and
copyists, and not to those who are employed
in service in which there are no gentlemen
employed; mere counters.. There are a
variety, of employment^ in the Treasury De-
partment, as.well as in the other Departments
of the Government, in. which females are
engaged, aad there is no corresponding grade
of service in which men are employed. But,
Mr. President, I am willing for this year to
vote for this amendment, and I hope it will
reach at least cases that are. the most merito-
rious. Living in this city as we do, and seeing
what are the expenses of the different clerks,
we must know that the expense pf dressing
and living cannot be less for a female than a
male clerk. The services of the former, are
frequently as valuable, as those of the latter;
and I can see no reason, in fact I have won-
dered wh$t reason could exist, why we should
discriminate against a feoaalp employ^ where
she does th& fame work, where she works as
many hpurs,, where-she accomplishes as much
as a male employ^ of the sattae class. For
instance, in the counting bureau I have uoticed
females employed, iq counting money who were
such experts that they could demand the high-
est wages paid in any service of that kind in
any of our-banks;, and yqt there they are
