1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
249
and life in the State of Georgia; and in desig-
nating the Governor as the officer to call upon
the President for military forces, the bill follows
the analogy of the Constitution of the United
States, which provides that the President shall
send forces to aid in suppressiug domestic in-
surrection in a Stale whenever the Governor
shall call upon him so to do,
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. I would like to
ask the gentleman one question. As I under-
stand, this Legislature, while in session and
while all the members were present, elected
Senators to represent the State in the Senate
of the United Stales. Now, if this bill he passed,
and the original Legislature be called together,
will the status which existed at that time be
restored, and will the election of those Sen-
ators be considered valid under the bill ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am very
much obliged to ray friend for putting that
question, fori had intended to refer to it. This
bill does not interfere with that matter at all.
The question of the qualifications of persons
chosen as Senators must be referred to the
body in which they are to sit. I hold in my
hand the report of the Senate committee, who,
upon the question of the admission of Mr. Hill,
reported "that the Legislature violated the
conditions under which it was allowed to or-
ganize by permitting disloyal persons to parti-
cipate in its proceedings;" and the committee
conclude with the following recommendation:
"Wherefore your committee feels called upon to
recommend that Mr. Hill be not allowed to take hia
seat in the Senate, for the reason that Georgia is not
entitled to representation in Congress."
So that the passage of this bill will not affect
that question. There may or may not be a
new election of Senators after a loyal Legisla-
ture is assembled in that State. .
The eighth section provides:
That the Legislature shall ratify the fifteenth
amendment proposed to the Constitution of the
United States before Senators and Representatives
from Georgia are admitted to seats in Congress.
This provision is objected toby some because
it is feared the Democratic party will allege
that coercion was brought to bear upon the
State to pass the amendment, and that the
ratification given under such circumstances
will be invalid.
I wish to call the attention of the House a
moment to that, and in so doing I wish to re-
mark that in the case of almost every admis-
sion of a new State into the Union before the
war, as in the cases of Michigan, Missouri,
Texas, and I might almost say of every new
State, conditions-precedent were fixed by the
Congress of the United States. Certain things
were to be done or certain things were omitted
to be done by a State before its admission into
the Union could take place, and it was never
until these latter days that we heard for the first I
time that all those conditions-precedent were
null and void because such congressional action
was a coercion of a State. •
Now, sir, such is the bill before you. I have
only touched very generally upon its provisions.
For one I have no more doubt of the power of
CongresstosetlhisgreatwrongdoneinGeorgia !
right than I have in the power of Congress to ji
legislate .upon any other subject relating to the i
general welfare of the United States. We
admitted this State upon the implied condition
that it should have a government to carry out
the laws of the United States in good earnest
and good faith. On the contrary, the State has
undertaken to fly in the facc of every just and
proper law of the United States. We have now
the right to resume the power which we gave
when we allowed the State to emerge from
rebellion and be admitted as a part of the
Union, and to require such further conditions
and restrictions as to its conduct as wrong-
doing on its part has made necessary.
I am sorry, Mr. Speaker, to have so long j
occupied the attention of the House in explain- |
jng this bill; I have been much longer than I !
intended. I trust that our friends on the I
opposite side will be allowed the full measure
of debate within the time.
Mr. BECK. Mr. Speaker, my colleagues on
the Committee on Reconstruction who enter-
tain the same views that I do have requested
that I should open the debate on our side,
which I will now proceed to do as,briefly as
possible. And in the first place allow me to
say that this House in its action in reference to
Georgia occupies a different position from what
it has ever done before in regard to any of the
States undergoing the process of reconstruc-
tion. I am not going to say one word against
the reconstruction laws. Whether I believe
them to be constitutional or unconstitutional,
and my opinion has been frequently and
freely expressed on this floor, they have been
passed upon by this House and acquiesced
in by the State of Georgia. What I do propose
to say, and what I hope the House will not fail
toohserve, is that the State of Georgia has com-
plied with all the reconstruction acts. This
House has solemnly so decided. Therefore,
when she did comply with the reconstruction
actsof Congress, and was accorded representa-
tion upon this floor, she became to all intents
and purposes a sovereign State of this Union,
coequal with all the olhers, just as fully as the
State of New York, the State of Ohio, or any
other State whose status this day no one ques-
tions. I do not propose to go in detail over
all the ground to show that she has so com-
plied; because when a bill similar in many
regards to this was presented by the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butijsb] from the
Committee on Reconstruction last April, I had
the honor in this Hall to prove—I was about
to say, to demonstrate—by tracing from, the
beginning to the end the whole history of the
reconstruction acts and showing the action of
this House by the admission of the Represent-
atives from Georgia upon this floor, that she
was entitled to all the rights and privileges of
a sovereign State in this Union. The position
assumed was so clear and incontrovertible that
110 one upon the other side attempted to con-
tradict it. The chairman of the Committee on
Reconstruction [Mr. Buti.er, of Massachu-
setts] himself failed to put upon the record,
although he spoke for ail hour, a single word
to show that the people of Georgia had not
complied with thelawsof Congress. His speech
was withheld for revision, and, for all the Globe
shows, is-withheld for the same purpose to this
very hour.
Now, after Georgia had complied with all
the reconstruction acts, and framed a constitu-
tion republican in form, on the 2oth of June,
1868, this House passed an act, in which the
Senate concurred, declaring that she had so
complied and was therefore entitled to repre-
sentation on this floor as well as in the Senate.
The credentials of her members were referred
to the Committee of Elections, and on the2oth
day of July, 1868, Hon. Henry L. Dawes,
chairman of the committee, made the following
report, which I read frofn the Congressional
Globe, second session Fortieth Congress, page
4471:
" Members-elect from Georgia.
"Mr. Dawes. Iam instructed by the Committee
of Elections to report back the credentials of J. W.
Clitt and C. H. Prince, members-elect from the State
ot Georgia, that State having ratified the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution, and in all other re-
spects having conformed to the requirements of law
in regard to the admission of thatState. These gen-
tlemen will take the oath prescribed by the act of
July 2, 1862.
"The report was agreed to.
"Mr. CliftandMr. Prince appeared and qualified."
And they sat 011 this floor during the latter
portion of the second session of the Fortieth
Congress and during all of its third session.
And all the people of the United States are to-
day living under laws passed by the votes of
those men in that Congress. How many of
those laws would have passed but for their vote
I cannot say. The fact is, as to the laws which
were passed in the second and third sessions
of the Fortieth Congress, the Representatives
of Georgia on this floor voted on and aided in
passing them. This House would stultify itself
and all its past action if it did not to-day recog-
nize Georgia as a fully restored State, as it has
already recognizcd it by its own laws, its own
acts passed on this floor—laws under which the
people of the United States are to-day living.
Whatever you do for Georgia now you can do
with equal propriety for New York, Ohio,
Massachusetts, or thG most loyal State in the
Union. , „ _
, And what do you propose to do? Do you
say that Georgia has violated any of the re-
construction acts? No; you announce that
she has violated her own constitution in your
opinion. You say, not that she has violated
any of your acts, but that the constitution
which she framed for herself has been mis-
construed by the members of her Legislature
as regards the eligibility of the members of
that Legislature; and that is the head and
front of her offending, and all that is charged
against her.
This House might have had very great diffi-
culty if it had been compelled to account to any
power superior to itself in maintaining before
any enlightened tribunal that it had decided
fairly in regard to all its decisions as to con-
tested-elections in the last few Congresses. I
might refer to much that took place in the For-
tieth Congress in corroboration of what I say.
But as this House has power to judge of the
qualification of its own members, so by the
constitution of Georgia the Legislature of that
State has the power to judge of the qualifica-
tion of its members; and whether they de-
cided rightly or wrongly, they decided accord-
ing to their own best judgment at the time. It
is because you differ with them in that judg-
ment you say, and that is the only ground you
have for assuming to say, that Georgia shall no
longer be a State in this Union, but shall be
thrown back into the condition of a Territory
or conquered province.
But I must go further than this in looking at
the history of this matter. When the Georgia
Legislature declared those negroes ineligible
they did it in good faith, as appears from their
proceedings. They showed their good faith
in this, that after this House complained,
after the Congress of the United States com-
plained of their action, they passed a resolu-
tion submitting the question to the court.
They passed a fair and manly resolution, to
which i now propose to call the attention of
the House :
" Whereas"—
say the Legislature of Georgia—
"Whereas it is believed that a judicial decision oi
the question of the eolored man's right to hold office
in Greorgia under the constitution now in force-would
restore the btatc to her proper position in the Union
and give quiet throughout the State; and wherea*
said question is one-which the courts of the Statecan
properly take cognizance of; and where «s wo. the
representatives ot the people of Georgia, are unwill-
ing that any effort should be spared on our j>urt to
bring about a state of peace and happiness to the
people and a settlement of that important question*
r?a£V!!!lV:efo)V\Tf,l^ed hy}?e ,S'c7m?e and Uou<<e of
Ji^piezentaUves of the State of Georgia, m Gcnfr-nl 4 9-
convened. That a case involving the right of
the colored man to hold office shall, as soon Vs the
same can be properly brought before the miprem'
court of the State, be heard and determined id
That resolution was passed bv both hou-cs
of the Legislature of Georgia, and was vetoed
by the Governor, the very gentleman to whom
you aie now proposing to commit the whole
power of the (state of Georgia. I say it was as
fa ra resolution as could be passed by anv legis-
lative assembly. It wa3 FdonSj ^
tne sancdon of the President
"j-fi, v t?tes Genwai °rant
as was testified before the Committee on Recon-
duction to-day by Mr. Tift, who had the in-
terview with him. He gave us a copy of his
dispatch—written m part by the President—fo
he Legislature of Georgia asking them to pass
just such a resolution as this, and he believed
