m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
it would be satisfactory to the Congress of the
United States. Here is 4he dispatch which was
sent:
" In caareisation with'General Grant I learn that
he brinks it will be best to pass a joint resolution
referring the right of colored citizens to hold office
to the courts, and adjourn."
That dispatch is partly in the handwriting
of Mr. Tift and partly in the handwriting of
the President himself. Jt was substituted for
one which the President had himself written
and which was not sent, but which is indorsed
on the back of this paper, and is almost in the
same words.
Mr. WHITTHMOEB. Is there not also on
that same piece of paper a declaration that the
advice was only given because itwas asked for,
and not in a spirit of dictation ?
Mr. BECK. Yes, sir; in the dispatch which
the President himself wrote and which is all in
his handwriting, but which was not sent, be-
cause the one 1 have just read was deemed to
be less objectionable. I will read it:
" X liavc conversed with General Grant on the sub-
ject of the advisability of the Georgia Legislature
submitting tho question of the eligibility of colored
citizons to hold offico to tho courts. He thinks it
better, and gives tkeadvice only because it is asked,
and wishes it to bo distinctly understood that it is in
no spirit of dictation.''
That di.ipatch was not sent; the other was.
But what I mean is this, that the ehief Execu-
tive of this Republic advised the Representa-
tives from Georgia that if a resolution such as
was passed should bo passed by the Legislature
it would, in his judgment, be satisfactory to this
Congress. ( The Legislature did pass it and
adjourn. The case went before tho supreme
:ourt of tho Slate, and the court decided—two
nit of three—that negroes are eligible to hold
j!fice. The Legislature is to meet on tho second
IVednesday in January; and now, in advance
of that meeting, before they have had an oppor-
tunity to act on the matter, it would be mon-
strous to pass a bill to deprive them of that
opportunity and place them under the control
of Governor Bullock, who has failed, if he I
has not refused, to call them together, ho
being the only man who had the power to do it.
Hia pretense that members did not ask hitn
and assure him in advance how they would vote
is as frivolous a pretext as was ever offered by
any human being and utterly unworthy of the
chief Executive of a great State. He himself
vetoed the resolution in the first place, and it
was passed notwithstanding his known objec-
tions. They had no right to come and tell him
how they were going to act when they met
together. It was his business to call them
together il'lie wanted thorn to meet before the
regular time for their meeting. His failure to
do so is conclusive proof that lie did not want
them to meet. It is no excuse for him to come
hero now and say that there was no clamor on
tiie part of the Legislature to get together ear-
lier. This House postponed the bill offered by
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Bct-
leb] last spring mainly to give the Legislature
a chance and see what they would do. And,
sir, while I have no advice to give them as to
whether they oughtto pass the fifteenth amend-
ment or not—that is their business and not
mine—I do say that it is a monstrous proposi-
tion, before they have had time to do what you
postponed the former bill to give them an op-
portunity of doing, to say that they shall not :
have that opportunity, and that the Governor j
shall made dictator over a State which you ^
yourselves solemnly omitted, and whose Rep- I
resentatives were on this floor with you and j
voted for the laws under which you now live !
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. ;
ButlerJ begged us to deal kindly with Gov- 1
ernorBullockandnottoimputeany bad motives i
to hira. f only know Governor Bullock's re-
cord ; I have no personal feeling against him '
in any shape or form, nor would wantonly or
maliciously say one word against his character
in this House where he has no right to be heard.
But I do say this—I said it on the floor of the
House before and it never was contradicted by
any friend he had—that it was believed in
Georgia and charged that he had forcible rea-
sons for not calling the Legislature together,
because he has been charged with misappro-
priating tho funds of the State, and that im-
peachment would probably follow if the Legis-
lature were called together or allowed to meet.
It is further believed that if he can get clear
of the men now sitting in the Legislature and
call the origiually-elected members of the Legis-
lature together forthwith without filling the
vacancies, he can be elected to the Senate of
the United States, perhaps, with his colleague,
Foster Blodgett; and that it is all done to pre-
vent the people of Georgia from asserting their
free choice in the men to represent them in the
Senate of the United States. 1 read to Gov-
ernor Bullock this morning, in the presence
of the Committee on Reconstruction, a paper
which I send to the Clerk's desk to be read,
and I asked him to reply to it if it was false ;
and although he did afterward make a speech
before us no mail can say here or elsewhere
that he has contradicted successfully a single
allegation in it. This paper was sent to me
day before yesterday, in reply to a letter I wrote
asking for information relative to the position
of Governor Bullock. The paper is from the
State treasurer of the State of Georgia, a lead-
ing Republican of the State. I ask that it bo
read for the information of the House.
The Clerk read as follows :
STtTE TrF.ASUKEr'S Ol'i'lUH,
Atlanta. Georgia, December 14,1869.
Dear Sir : I wrote you in a very great hurry yes-
terday, neglecting to mention many truths that
should have a bearing with your committee and Con-
gress in determining this vexed questfonof Georgia,
reconstruction, and the status of Governor Bul-
lock in connection with it. To show his connection
with and interest in the "Kimball opera house
building"—a portion of which is temporarily used
as afetate-house— [ will state that Governor Bullock
labored to secure my influence in lavor of paying
said Kimball $2T),000 yearly rent for only a portion
of the least valuable part of a building that could
not have cost Kimball over one hundred thousand
dollars, reserving to himself all tho first story tront
ori tho main street of six stove-rooms, most tho en-
tire basement story, and a large number of rooms in
tlio upper two stories. His object now is to so organ-
ize tho General Assembly that they will puichaso this
building for a State-house at about half a mil-
lion dollars. In violation of law and the action
of the General Assembly, he drew on the Fourth
National Hank o{ New York ior$:S,000, and stated to
me that Sol,000 of the above amount was paid to said
lumball on account ol said opera building and fix-
tures, and that tho other 84,000 ho used himself,
which amount he has never accounted to the State
or treasurer tor. After two committees of the Gen-
eral Assembly--onemanipulated in hisown interest-
had declared this act ot drawing on said bank and
tho use of I ho money illegal and unauthorized, as
soon us tho Legislature adjourned in March last, lie
went direct to ew York and drew a draft on said
1' ourth i\ational Bank for $20,000 more, in favor of
said Kimball, making in all $55,000, none of which
ever louml its v, ay into the State treasury of Geor-
gia; and there is no telling what furthor amounts he
would have dra wn and appropriated himself in vio-
hit ion of law if I hart not sent the bank a synopsis of
thocodo of (jrcorgist bearingon this subject. To moot
thoso drafts, or guaranty their payment, hehypoth-
ecatcd seven per cent. State railroad mortgage
bonds, that by special legislation were to be used
only in renewal of bonds then due and interest
thereon," and for " funding the State bonds falling
due or maturing in IStiS, and 1870." Two hun-
dred and sixty-live thousand five hundred dollars of
these seven per cent, bonds he had sold in violation
of the above special statute, setting them apart for
a specific purpose, and thereby destroying the abil-
ity of the State to comply with the conditions of a
circular he instructed mo to have published, causing
great and incessant murxnurings by bondholders in
Europe and this country.
, Tho appropriations of 18f>8wereoulyforth---"latter
half of the year 186S;" still for the public printing of
this year he, m violation of law, drew $10,000 back on
last year, notwithstanding the house, by a vote of
over three to one, directed him to charge it as an ad-
vance on the printingfund of this year. This he did
that he might eave his &25,000 public printingfund
to silence tap moutns of the press or subsidize them
in his behalf, lie flooded the country with procla-
mations offering a? high as $5,000 for the approhension
ot a si ngle fugitive, w hen the customary reward here-
tofore has not exceeded $200. At the same time he
pardons thosein custody who havecommitted willful
^UrM°/kWithout a trial. By a trick and fraud—no
Ptra«tion*-on tho last day of the
,.st General Assembly a portion of theappropriation
wI,a??Sd_wmUl 1aU an.India-riibber-blankot
^ VK- am°™t specified, yet, according to
tho Governors interpretation and application, un-
limited. This is independent of tho contingent fund
of $20,000 for the year, which, all but a few dollars,
he exhausted in less than six months, mostly for
"incidentalexpenses of executive department.1' On
this—what he makes the India-rubber blanket sec-
tion, which if strictly construed could amount to but
a few thousand dollars'—ho has drawn nearly one
hundred thousand dollars, the greater portion in
the way of patronage to buy influence, over fifteen
thousand dollars being to fee attorneys only as
j "retainers."
1 While ho gets up sensational telegrams, and howls
of outrages committed on Union men and colored
citizens, heneglects to mention the many rapes com-
mitted hy negroes on unoffending, defenseless, inno-
cent girls and women. As you have seen in my re-
ports, I was a. Union man, opposed secession stren-
uously and publicly, my office being headquarters
of the Union association here; left tho South with
all my family in 1863; lived near Boston until the
close of the war; returned South in 1865; supported
tho congressional measures of reconstruction; voted
for and publicly supported General Grant for Presi-
dent and Bullock for Governor; have always been
classed as a44 .Radical" by the Democrats; have been
in nearly every southern State since the war. with-
holding my political opinions on no occasion; known
to be a northern man by birth and residence until I
was twenty-four years old, yet I have never been
treated with the least severity and almost uniformly
with kindness
Public sentiment will set itself against and correct
what few political outrages there may have been—
though I have seen none—much sooner under full
reconstruction than military rule under the direc-
tion of Bullock, who shows his great inconsistency
and want of sincerity by crying outrages, while he
has exercised the pardoning power until courts and
jurors have but little to encourage them in the pro-
secution of crime. Instead of striving to allay bitter
animosities and promote peace and prosperity as the
chief executive of a great State, it has been and is
still his effort to stir up hatred and strife, that he may
get a firmer hold on Georgia by which to exercise
his usurpations and tyranny on all who will not be-
come his personal adherents and accomplices in mis-
chief and self-interest, which is tho principal cause
of the unsettled state of public affairs in Georgia.
Democrats with him are as good for his selfish pur-
poses as Republicans, and he has found not a few to
yield to his patronage. Had itbeenthe good portion
of Georgia to have a wise, honest, and just executive
tho General Government would not at this date be
troubled with reconstruction in Georgia or have
cause to complain of disloyalty in her borders, and
you should not mistake contempt for Bullock for
dislike to the Federal Government.
Our best substantial men, including those who have
uniformly been Union men and favor the congres-
sional reconstruction, who feel that Georgia is their
home and who love good society, law, and order, feel
that this is a critical time for their loved Georgia.
_ The Democratic papers in the interest of Bullock,
influenced by his patronage, are loud in their denun-
ciations of the fifteenth amendment and bitterly
oppose the reseating of the expelled colored mem-
bers. When you reflect that Republicans aided this
expulsion, and that they and Bullock will secretly,
it not openly, oppose their being leseated by the
General Assembly in order that he may secure vio-
lent congressional action; and further, that Bullock
with his adherents defeated the fifteenth amendment
last winter, I cannot conceive how a Republican
(Jongrcss can sustain him.
Most respectfully, yours,
N. L. ANGIER.
Treasurer of Georgia.
ilon. Jam sri B. Bkox, M. C„ Washington, D. C.
Mr. BUTLER, cf Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman allow me to ask him a question?
j Mr. BECK. Certainly.
j Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Was it
; not testified to by Governor Bullock, before the
Committee on Reconstruction, that his trans-
actions with the funds of the State had all been,
referred to the Legislature and examined by
them, and that he had been exonerated from
blame?
Mr. BECK. This was the statement of
| Governor Bullock this morning: that such of
| these matters as had occurred and were known >
j before the adjournment, of the Legislature—
j because many of them have occurred since —
were referred to a committee of the Legis-
lature, and that a majority of that committee
had reported in his favor ; but that the Legis-
lature itselt had overruled the report of the
majority and adopted the report of the minority
refusing to exonerate him. That was his star e-
ment this morningj and he stands on the
record now with the Legislature refusing to
concur with the report of the majority in his
favor, holding the matter over him as a threat
for impeachment.
Mr. WHITTEMGRE. Did not the Gov-
ernor state, in connection with the questions
asked him this morning by yourself, that he
"was empowered by the Legislature to effect
