5338
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7,
reward they receive ere the smoke of battle is
driven away.
Mr. President, I have said, perhaps, more
than becomes me to say on this subject, but I
eould not say less. I appeal to the American
Senate, for its own character and standing ; I
appeal to those who are about to speak now as
expressive of a nation's will on these deeds of
heroism, do not do it. Whatever others may
do, no one shall turn to me in the future and
say, " Thou didst it."
Mr. President, I have said all I desire to say,
and I say not too much when I declare that I
await with anxiety to see an expression of the
American Senate upon this important question.
Mr. SAWYER. The title of this bill is,
"An act to reduce the number of officers in
the Army of the United States, and for other
purposes." The cry during this entire ses-
sion of Congress, not only in these Halls but
throughout the nation, has been, "Reduce the
expenses I
1 Cut down the expenses of the
Government! " " Reduce the taxes and reduce
the expenses! " When it is shown that there
is one dollar of reduction of expense by the
passage of this bill; when it is shown that car-
rying out the provisions of this bill will save
one dollar of taxes to the American people, I
shall be able to see one reason why it should
But I submit, Mr. President, that the point
of time at which the expenses of the Army
begin to be reduced by this bill it is not pre-
tended will come about until one year from
this time. The reduction in the rank and file of
the Army is fixed for the 1st of July_, 1871. Now,
1 ask if we have not abundant time between
this and the 1st of July, 1871, during which
to reduce the rank and file of the Army if the
condition of the country shallseem to justify it?
If we do not need all the troops we have now
in the field and in garrison I have yet to learn
the reason why. We know that on our western
frontiers war with the Indians lowers. We
know that there is a large section of this coun-
try where troops may be called for at any
moment. We know that there has been no
period in the last five years when there was
more demand for the use of the Army than
there is likely to be in the next three months.
And yet we are anxious at this session, now,
to pass a bill which proposes to reduce the
Army a year hence, regardless of what may be
the condition of the country when that year
comes about; and it is in the name of—what?
For what purpose ostensibly ? Of getting rid
of four or five hundred supernumerary officers,
who have served their country well, and who,
in the consolidation of the various regiments
of the Army, are left unattached.
These men are to be cut off from the Army
because they are not at this moment needed.
No man can tell at what moment they may be
needed. No man can tell under the operation
of this bill whether we shall not lose some of
the very best officers there are in the Army,
for they may be retired on their own request,
and if retired on their own request, they are
retired with a certain amount ot pay. If dis-
charged henorably by the President of the
United States on their own request they receive
by the bill one year's pay and allowances.
Now, suppose that all these supernumerary
officers were discharged under the second sec-
tioH of the bill, it would cost certainly not less
than half a million and probably three quarters
of a million dollars to pay them what that sec-
tion allows them, and that is to be paid this
year. That is certainly not a reduction of the
expenses of the Army.
When we turn to the section in reference to
the pay of the Army in the future we find that
in al most every grade the officers have had their
pay raised. It is asserted that the-increase of
pay provided by the section which regulates
the subject will amount to not less than three
hundred and fifty or three hundred and sixty
thousand dollars per year. Here we are with
the cry "reduction of taxation and reduction
of expenses" ringing constantly in our ears,
raising in the next year certainly the cost of
the Government not less than $1,000,000, if we
accomplish the objects proposed by this bill.
I said these seemed to be the objects, but
there does seem to be another object. Ful-
some reason or other the country is supposed
to be tired of bearing the burden of gratitude
which it owes to certain officers of the Army.
For some reason or other it has seemed good
to the committee who have had this matter in
charge to say that the General of the Army and
the Lieutenant General are paid too much. If
the salaries of these officers had been fixed at
ten, five, or twenty thousand dollars at the time
the offices were filled, I could well understand
why, when there is a demand for the reduction
of taxes, when there is a demand for the reduc-
tion of national expenses, the salary should not
be increased. But when that salary was fixed,
and when that grade was conferred on the pres-
ent occupants, the country felt that it was not
only not overpaying these men and not putting
upon them unmerited honors, but that it was
underpaying them, and was only giving a faint
sign, a faint token of that gratitude which not
only every Senator on this floor, not only every
Representative in the House of Representa-
tives, but every loyal man from one end of this
country to the other felt for them. That was
the feeling, and it does seem to me that within
five years after the termination of the war in
which they bore so honorable a part it will be
a disgrace to the American name, a disgrace
to the American Senate, if we sanction the
reduction in the pay of thn General and Lieu-
tenant General proposed in this bill.
Mr. President, there is one other reduction
of salaryin this bill besides that of the General
and Lieutenant General. It is a reduction of
the paltry salary which is paid to the chaplains
of the Army. If I understand it rightly, the
chaplains of the Army have been paid the
salary of a captain hitherto, which amounts to
nearly 552,000. By this bill the salary of a
cliaplainis fixed at$l,400. Praying, itseems,
is not so valuable nowas it was during the war.
We have not so much need of the prayers of
the holy men that go with regiments now as we
had during the war. We do not appreciate it
at so high a price as we did when the foe was
in our front, and forsooth now we take from
the petty salary which was paid to these men a
part, and reduce it to $1,400.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator is mistaken;
they have but $1,200, and this fixes their pay
at $1,400 a year.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask the Senator if they
did not have, besides that, a commutation for
certain allowances which raised their pay to
nearly $'2,000?
  They had two rations a day,
Mr. WILSON,
sixty cents a day.
Mr. SAWYER.
Mr. WILSON.
And what else ?
Nothing else whatever ;
$1,200 a year, and sixty cents a day, for two
rations.
Mr. SAWYER. I am informed by Senators
near me who have Army experience that the
pay was the pay of a first lieutenant. Be that
as it may, the chief object of this bill seems to
be in the first place to get rid of some super-
numerary officers, who would by the operation
of other causes, within the period at which this
reduction is to take fall effect, probably four
fifths of them, be absorbed into the Army and
thus disposed of. That is one object. Another
is to raise the pay of the most of the officers to
the amount of between three and four hundred
thousand dollars per annum. A third object
is to say to the General and Lieutenant General
of the Army, that although we have put them
in their places, although the country felt grate-
ful to them at the time it did put them in their
places, it is weary of that gratitude, and an-
nounces to them, "After we get rid of you we
will have nobody to succeed you, and we will
now reduce your pay some two or three thou-
sand dollars per annum." The people make
no demand that such an indignity should be
put upon Sherman and Sheridan ; nor are they
capable of sympathizing with action of that
kind.
I submit, Mr. President, that we can do bet-
ter than to pass this bill. It cannot be dem-
onstrated in any way that it will effect a real
reduction in the expense of the Army at any
early period; and I trust that the Senate will
not agree to the report of the conference com-
mittee.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, I as-
sent to the views expressed by the Senatorfrom
South Carolina, [Mr. Sawyer,] and share his
hope that this bill may be defeated. Many of
its details are objectionable; but the over-
whelming objection is the unmistakable evi-
dence of hostility to the Army manifest in
almost every section ; and if it become a law,
the Senators who vote for it, and the party
which is responsible for it, must stand respons-
ible before the country, and before the returned
soldiers of the war shining with honors acquired,
and suffering mutilations received, upon a hun-
dred battle-fields. To justify this criticism we
may turn to the bill almost at random. The
sixteenth section provides—
That hereafter no officer shall be entitled to wear
any uniform other than that of his actual rank, on
account of hnving been breveted ; nor shall he be
addressed in orders or official communications by
any title other than that of his actual rank; and in
no ease shall brevotrank be construed to give actual
rank, or entitle an officer to any pay, allowances, or
assignment to duty under the same.
Mr. President, it was not enough to provide
that no officer breveted for honorable conduct
in the field shall be permitted to perform ser-
vice, and draw pay according to his brevet rank;
but even the badge of distinction, the star on
his shoulder, earned by facing death on many
a hard-fought field, must be stripped from his
shoulder by the Senate of the United States.
He shall not even be addressed in orders by his
brevet rank. He may be one of the men who
carried your flag when you had little hope,
and the storms of war were raging most fiercely;
or he may have left an arm or a limb on the
battle-field. The honors he has won by wading
through blood, the badges of distinction which,
in a moment of gratitude, you have conferred
upon him, you are now expected to recall,
because, forsooth, they may excite the envy
of those who, in the hour of peril, lack the
daring to win such honors for themselves.
And this is to be done by the enactment of the
American Congress. This would be a most
ungrateful act, considering that Congress is
permitted to assemble here only because these
brave men have chased the rebels from our
gates.
Sir, the American people and its Govern-
ment owe a debt of gratitude which no language
can express, to the officers and soldiers of the
Union Army in the late war. I need not refer
to the battle-fields enriched by their blood, nor
to the high renown they have won for our
country. All that the world knows by heart.
But, sir, after the war closed, and the Govern-
ment was compelled to exercise quasi belliger-
ent rights over the rebel States, in consequence
of the destruction of civil government there,
it was compelled to employ the Army to execute
the mixed civil and military jurisdiction ren-
dered ncecssary by the circumstances of the
case. _ And, sir, the conduct of our officers and
men in this novel department of duty consti-
tutes as proud a chapter in the history of the
Army, as that which records its achievements
in the field. When before, where in all the
earth, has an army held a conquered people in
subjection with no violation of discipline aud
law? No complaint has ever been made against
the gallant officers of our Army, from, the high-
est to the lowest, that in the discharge of this
delicate and important duty they have ever
been guilty of oppression or the disregard of
private rights.
hen, in 18G1, in the midst of profound,
protracted peace, the tocsin of war sounded,
