548
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 2c
Ho. 01? Keps.
Apportionment of Representation—Mr. Moore.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
we do not. therefore dispense with all laws, and
allow them to perpetrate their outrages with-
out interruption. A proper regard for the
rights of individuals requires that laws and reg-
ulations for the restraint and punishment of
evil-doers should be enforced in every well-
regulated community. If the laws are obeyed
and respected there will be no trouble what-
ever. if the rights of the citizen are not inter-
rupted in any way there will be no cause for
"trouble" or "litigation." Lawsare notmade
to be an ornament to statute-books, but are
intended to be carried into practical effect.
The amendments to the Constitution were
not adopted for theoretical, but for practical
purposes. The object of this bill is to give
them force and effect. If they are obeyed and
respected in good faith, and the rights of no
citizen interfered with, there will be neither
"trouble," "confusion," nor any of the other
evils predicted by the apprehensive gentleman
from Indiana. The only danger of "injustice"
that I can see is that those who violate the pro-
visions of this bill, if it becomes a law, may
not be visited with the punishment they will
deserve.
But it is said by our opponents that the pen-
alties proposed to be inflicted by this bill are
excessive and severe, Have they considered
how serious the offenses are to which this
measure relates? Do they remember that they
refer to the dearest rights of the citizen ? Is
it a matter ol' no consequence that threats,
intimidation, violence, and murder are fre-
quently visited upon innocent persons, and no
xedress allowed them whatever? Is a line of
$500 and imprisonment not exceeding one year
a severe puuishment for such outrages? Jf
so let the outrages cease, and then the sen-
tence of the lav/ will not he inilicted. In the
United States there is no excuse either for
ignorance of the laws or for their willful vio-
lation. It .should be the duty of every citizen
to make himself familiar with all laws of a gen-
eral nature, and to obey and respect thein.
This would not only secure the object of the
law-making power, but be of infinite advantage
to all classes of people. Laws are made for the
benefit of the people,and their enforcement is
for their advantage. A strict obedieneo of the
law would prevent a vast amount of " trouble,
confusion, disturbance, strife, litigation, mid
injustice." Therefore every good citizen should
use his best efforls to see that the laws are
obeyed and respeeicd.
Hut there is one section of the bill now
befoie us paiticuhirly obnoxious to gentlemen
on the Democratic side of the House, and ihat
is the following:
Hue, 1And be itfariUcri t nadrd. That it shall be
hnvtut ldi- f bo Pre- id^ut of tho United (States to em-
nj05' "ucli part of the land and naval forces of the
XJnited States, or ot'tlic militia, us shall bonocessitry
lo aid m tho execution ut judicial jtioocss issued
under this net.
pr
Xow, Mr. Speaker, it is a well-established
riticiple that ail laws should be enforced ; if
bad they should be repealed, if good retained ;
but until repealed they should be executed,
iiaws are not enacted to be at the option of
the citizen, but, to be binding on everybody,
and it is the duly of the law-making power to
use all means at their disposal, or so much
thereof as may be necessary, to compel their
enforcement or to secure their execution;
Otherwise the making of laws would be a farce,
and the whole structure of society loose and
imperfect. It this bill is calculated to make a
good law, as we believe, the whole power of
the Government should, if necessary, he made
use of to secure obedience thereto ; if not, it
should not be passed. As is customary, the
Democracy claim that this section is not only
unnecessarily severe, but unconstitutional, anil
that therefore it should not be incorporated in
thisbill. They made no such complaint when
a similar provision was inserted in the fugitive
slave law passed by the Democratic party twenty
years ago. It was not unconstitutional to use all
the power of the country to enforce that act in
tho interest of a few slave owners; but it is con-
sidered so now, when it is proposed that, it shall
be used in the cause and on behalf of human
rights. Who would have believed that even
the Democracy would havo been guilty of so
gross an inconsistency? Cinder the fugitive
slave act, of 1830 a Democratic Attorney Gen-
eral held that—
"A marshal, when opposed in the execution of his
duty by unlawful combinations, bus authority to
summon tho entire able-bodied force of his procinct,
as a poise cmnitatiw. This authority comprehends
not only bystanders and other citizens generally, but
nny and all organized forces, whether militia of the
State, or officers, soldiers, or marines of the United
titatcs. And it tho object of resistance to the marshal
be to obstruct mid defeat the execution of the pro-
visions of the Constitution or the acts of Congress,
the expenses of such posie comitatu.x are properly
eliargoablo to the United States."
Hero we have a Democratic Administration
making use of the Army and Navy and tile
whole power of tho country to enforce an act
m the interest of slavery, but, they object to
the exertion of tho same power in the interest
of freedom, right, and justice. Such are the
■consistency and the virtue of the Democracy.
It may be said that the legislative action of
the Democratic party at that time constitutes
no" justification for the proposed action of ihe
Republicans now, which maybe true ; but, they
are estopped from pleading unconstitutionality
in the present case by their recorded action in
tho former one. Tho argument should be us
good on tho side of freedom as on the side of
slavery, though we know the Democracy would
prefer now as then to legislate in the interest
of the latter and against the former. There was
no trouble in the minds of the leaders of that
party as to tho constitutionality of measures
in the interest of slavery ; but when measures
are brought forward in the interest of freedom
we are constantly met with the cry that they
are unconstitutional, We think that the Gov-
ernment has some powers which might be
exerted on behalf of those who are most in
need of its assistance and support. Vvre think
that one of its "just powers" is the enforce-
ment of such laws as are needed for the pro-
tection of ihe rights of its citizens, and this bill
w" consider eminently right and proper in
that regard. The experience of the past, few
yeius is quite suliieienl, to convince us of its
ncechsiiy, and if necessary all the power of
the Government should bo at hand to secure
obedience to its piovisions.
But another point to which I desire to call
the attention of the House and the country,
which has been developed by this debate, if it
were not sufficiently manifest, before, is the
fraudulent and hypocritical character of the
Democratic party. It has heretofore been the
boast of that party that it was the unwavering
friend of the poor man under all circumstances.
It has claimed to be the champion of the masses
of the people while its power has been con-
i-tan'iiy exercised to keep them in subjection.
It has arrogated to itself the task of redressing
their wrongs and advancing their interests,
when it was laboring to keep four million col-
ored people in slavery, and an equal number
of white people iu ignorance and poverty. Pro-
fessing, with unparalleled coolness, to be the
'■ oldest, and best friend" of the laboring man,
it has persistently opposed all measures look-
ing to the advancement of his physical, moral,
or intellectual condition.
Under the specious guise of friendship for
the work Sag in an, and while using all the arts
of the demagogue to deceive and betray hirn,
it lias year after year been laboring to build
up an oligarchy in the North, and an aris-
tocracy in the South, which should control
absolutely all the interests of the country. Its
treachery to the laboring classes is like that of
Joab when he approached his brother Amasa
and said to him, "Art thou in health, my
brother?" and at the same time stabbed him
to death under the fifth rib. It. is time the
true position of the Democracy was thoroughly
understood in this matter. It ought to be
known by every one who is not familiar with
the fact already that every measure calculated
to advance the condition of the workingman,
whether black Or white, which has been inau-
gurated by the Republican party has been per-
sistently opposed by the Democracy. Every
forward step in the stately march of Repub-
licanism in its illustrious career of progress has
been contested by a party whose professions
throughout its whole history would have led us
to expect its support for at least some of the
measures we have lately inaugurated.
The Republican party may well be proud of
its achievements in the line of human progress
during the short period of its existence. In
spite of the obstacles thrown in its way, chiefly
by the Democratic party, it has removed the
curse of slavery from the country, and at the
same time lifted up into a higher grade of civ-
ilization a large portion of our white popula-
tion. It finished the war successfully, although
the Democracy resolved and declared and
wished it a failure. This bill will successfully
complete the work of reconstruction, although
the same party is constantly complaining that
also is a failure, in spite of its mistakes and
imperfections, the Republican party, partaking
of the weaknesses of humanity, it has never-
theless gone steadily forward in its patriotic
labors. Tho object of this bill is to carry out
the principle of universal suffrage, and thus
secure one of the prime benefits resulting from
the organization of the Republican party, to
wit, the enjoyment by every man in the land
of the rights to which he is entitled as a citi-
zen. It might have been supposed that a meas-
ure so laudable iu itself would have met with
no opposition whatever. Yet opposition will
not defeat it, nor the hostility of antiquated
Democrats prevent its adoption and successful
execution. And when another triumph shall
havo been gained, and another task success-
fully accomplished in behalf of individual and
personal rights and of human freedom, gentle-
men on the other side of the House will re-
member with regret that this and similar meas-
ures should have ever met with their continued
but unavailing opposition.
Apportionment of Representation.
SPEECH OP HON. J. H. MOORE,
Of ILLINOIS,
In the House op Reprbsextatives,
June 23, 1870,
On the bill (II. It. No. 1823) to provide for tho appor-
tionment of representation to the Congress of
tho United States.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I
have been painfully surprised at the fierce
opposition which gentlemen upon this floor
present to the measure now under considera-
tion. Some have gone so far as to denounce
it as a monstrous outrage. Certainly they did
not, mean to be understood as being sincere in
making such an utterance. Certainly gentle-
men will not consider it an outrage for us who
favor the passage of this bill, to contend for out-
just rights under the Constitution. It would
be outrageous, sir, for us to be silent upon such
a grave question, affecting, as it does, the dear-
est interests of the people concerned. We
might with much more consistency denounce
opposition to this reasonable^ and just measure
as a monstrous outrage. But we prefer not to
