4394
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
are two hundred and seventy-five members or
three hundred members; that is to say, the
addition of twenty-five members to that body
will scarcely make a perceptible difference in
the deliberations of the body.
The argumentdrawn from the Houseof Com-
mons does not apply. The truth is, that the
smaller the representative districts are the
greater and more direct will be the Responsi-
bility of the Representative to the people.
Yon would not find a Representative of a small
district-absenting himself from the Hall of the
House any more than you would, or even as
much as you would one who represented a very
large district.
We have a right in considering such a ques-
tion as this to look at the object for which the
two bodies were established. Our Govern-
ment was designed not to be a democracy,
but to come as near a democracy as was prac-
ticable. The entire people, the will, the
wishes, the interests of the entire people of
the United States, were to be represented in
someway; and for this object there were two
bodies established: one the Senate, which was
to be a small body, whose deliberations might
be supposed to be more deliberate, more un-
impassioned than those of the larger body,
while the larger body would be supposed in-
corrupt ; it would take more money to influ-
ence the deliberations of a large body of men
than it would a small body of men. If meas-
ures there were passed under the previous
question, or in any other mode without proper
deliberation, here was the corrective. One
House was to be a check upon the other.
It does not follow, it is a non sequitur, and
there is no use in presenting such an argument
for our consideration, that because we fix the
number at three hundred to-day we shall be
bound in 1880 to increase that number. But,
sir, our territory is increasing rapidly; our
domain is extending ; our interests are diver-
s-ifying ; and the more Representatives we have
the more thoroughly will the local interests of
the country be represented.
Sir, I shall not be afraid if we have a hun-
dred States. In that event we can have but
two hundred Senators. This body will never
be too larjje for a deliberative assembly ; it will
still carry out the design of Madison and t,he
framers of the Constitution, consisting of men,
if not of superior ability, yet who have been
selected from their States as capable of repre-
senting a whole State ; and when the House
of Representatives, as our territory broadens
and widens and our population rolls on West
and South, shall, if it be necessary, be increased
to four hundred in number, it will not conflict
with the idea of the framers of the Constitu-
tion, because the design was to preserve a
democracy as near as possible, to have a body
of Representatives so large that it would rep-
resent every interest, and so large that money
could not corrupt or bias it; and then, if under
the influence of passion or without due consid-
eration that body shall pass a bill, here will be
the Senate, composed of less than two hundred
men chosen by the States, to check such hasty
and improper legislation.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I think that
this is a very important matter which we have
under consideration, and I think that there are
very important principles and very great dif-
ficulties involved in it. I was struck by the
truth and philosophy of the remark of the Sen-
ator from Indiana, that the House of Repre-
sentatives should not be so numerous that the
great mass of its members could not take part
in its business and deliberations. I think that
the House of Representatives with its present
numbers is too numerous to secure that end.
Therefore I would be, for myself, for reducing
it he House, in my own judgment, to two hun-
dred and thirty-three.
There is another'objection that is quite as
serious, if not more so, than that which was so
strongly and distinctly stated by the Senator
iroic Indiana. It it,, that no House 'of Reo-
resentatives should ever be so numerous as to
require, as an absolute necessity, the suppres-
sion of the freedom of debate. Look at the
present House of Representatives. What free-
dom of debate is there in that body? None.
The rules amount to literally gag rules, the
whole objectof which is to prevent the minority
from having any opportunity of expressing its
sentiments and its will in relation to the im-
portant subjects of legislation.
That was not formerly the fact in relation to
the House of Representatives. There was once
freedom of debate there, when the previous
question did not exist and could not be called
while there was a member of the body who
wished to debate in Committee of the Whole;
ar.d when, furthermore, a subject could not
be taken from the Committee of the Whole
into the House until every member of the
House had had an opportunity, if he chose, to
debate the subject. Then, whenever a single
member of the House showed a desire and
expressed a desire to debate, the subject could
not be taken out of the Committee of the Whole
and carried to the House, where the previous
question could be called.
There was this further freedom of debate in
the House: the hour rule was not established
till about 1842. Previous to that time there
was no hour rule in the House, and every mem-
ber who discussed a subject had the privilege
of debating it as long as he pleased. Now,
the hour rule has been established there; the
previous question is called upon all occasions,
and that is made to cut off all debate and all
pending amendments, and bring the House
directly to a vote on the main proposition,
cutting off all debate and all propositions to
amend or to modify a measure. What kind of
legislation can be expected to take place where
that is the rule of proceeding?
Why, sir, the present House is greatly too
large for even a calm and enlightened con-
sideration of, any subject, and its very size
requires a sacrifice of the freedom of debate.
I have been in that body occasionally during
the last three or four years, since'these strin-
gent rules of debate and proceeding have been
established. 'The freedom of debate exists
according to the theory and principle of our
Government; but practically it is sacrificed in
the other House ; and it is an untruth, it is a
mockery, for any man to assume that the minor-
ity have any freedom of debate in the House
of Representatives. What has brought the
House to establish such a tyrannous code in
relation to its business and debates? It is
simply because the increasing and large num-
bers of the House, and the disposition of so
many members to discuss all subjects, has ren-
dered it an absolute necessity. I believe, my-
self, that a fair, enlightened, and thorough
consideration of every subject of legislation,
with a reasonably large freedom of debate, is
an absolute necessity, not only for right legis-
lation but for the perpetuity of our institutions.
1 have seen a great many intelligent strangers
who have come to this city and have gone into
the galleries of the House and witnessed its
proceedings, and without an exception, where
they expressed an opinion at all on the sub-
ject, they pronounced that House a mob,
and incapable from its numbers to transact,
business wisely and truly; and their judgment
was most true. If the question were submit-
ted to the people of the United States who are
intelligent and informed, and capable of pass-
ing a judgment upon such a matter, who are
not partisans, who are not debauched by polit-
ical ambition or by a desire to fill a seat in
Congress, buttheenlightenedpeople, interested
in the institutions of the country and their
perpetuity, in the good of the country and the
prosperity of its business, and the wisdom
and justice of its laws—it the question were
submitted to that class of the people of the
United States, whether the present number of
the House should be increased or diminished,
I have uo doubt that a vabt majority would
decide in favor of a diminution of the number
of the House; and they would have good rea-
son for doing so.
Sir, the difficulties that are attempted to be
evaded by the existing proposition are simply
matters of expediency, and of very unimportant
expediency. What signfies it, compared with
the extreme importance of the question and
of the principles involved in it, whether a
State is to lose a member of its representation
or not? It is of no value. The whole progress
of our civil history in the regulation of the
ratio of the number of Representatives at every
decade has resulted in the reduction of the
number of many States; and my own State
has had occasion to submit to that process
two or three times. I suppose the proposed
ratio would increase the number of Kentucky's
Representatives; but I would prefer that it
should not, be increased, because the increase
there involves a proportionate increase in other
States, and brings up the numbers of the House
to such an extent that the House ceases to be
a legislative assembly, and the very necessity
of transacting business requires the adoption
of rules and regulations of proceeding in the
House that necessarily sacrifice not only the
freedom of debate of the minority, but of the
majority also.
Some gentlemen are alarmed at the freedom
of debate which prevails in the Senate. I ana
not one of them. Some gentlemen wish to
introduce the House system into the Senate.
I am for resisting it whenever it makes its
appearance here ; I am for keeping it out of
the Senate at least, so that we may have one
branch of the Legislature with some freedom
of debate. The House has none. It lias not
a particle for the minority, and it has essen-
tially sacrificed the freedom of debate even for
the majority.
Why, sir, what do we witness now ? Twenty
or thirty cases of contested elections of mem-
bers of the House of Representatives. In many
of" those cases the members returned received
a majority of the popular vote of from five to
twelve thousand over their competitors: but
their elections were contested, and a packed
committee investigates the case, and makes a
report upon the rights of the members-elect,
either upon some principle or upon the absence
of all principle, and most frequently upon the
latter basis. What is done? A resolution,
declaring that a man who received but about,
one tenth of the votes cast is entitled to the
seat is sprung upon the body; the previous
question is called; not a word is allowed to
be said by the minority in opposition to such a
monstrous report and such a monstrous con-
clusion. In other words, the House of Rep-
resentatives, setting aside the decision of the
people of election cases at the polls, proceeds
itself to elect and introduce a new member
who has been rejected by the people by nine
tenths of their votes, and to eject from the
seat the legitimate member who has i-eceived
such a vast majority of the popular vote.
All this results from the numbers of the
House. 11 is an unwieldy body, as it has been
denounced in this Chamber. It is incapable
of the transaction of business. It is not organ-
ized upon the principle of the House of Com-
mons. A majority of a whole House here is
necessary to constitute a quorum. The House
of Parliament very seldom has half us mem-
bers present when the most important questions
are debated and voted upon. Very seldom are
there over four hundred members present there,
and the ordinary business of the House is done
by something like one tenth of the enure
number of the House. Our House of' Repre-
sentatives is not constituted upon any such
principle as that. Every man m that House
represents a distinct constituency. He is ex-
pected, and it is his duty, to be present always
to witness the transaction of business, to take
part in it, to debate all questions if the oppor-
tunity is allowed him ; to make the propositions
pending wiser, better, more for the interests
