1562
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
the black man the rebel brought into the army
to do his work, to help throw up fortifications
behind which rebels could shoot down loyal
heroes, up to the consummation of the fifteenth
amendment—not oneof those grand enactments
will ever be undone or blotted out by the Amer-
ican people. They are achieved results ; they
arc '• fixed facts." Men may dash their heads
against them in the future, as they have in the
past, but they will stand the shock.
Sir, 1 hope that these warnings which we
have had, these boastful prophecies will be
noted, will be studied and fully compre-
hended by the country. I know there are some
not very far-seeing persons who think our
great work is done; some even of those whose
glory it has been to save a menaced country;
to preserve the unity of these States; to pro-
claim a race free; to make the Republic free ; to
restore these broken States, think so. I gladly
admit we have done all this with a generosity, a
magnanimity, and a charity such as the world
never before saw or dreamed of. Not one
man's life has been taken by the law; every-
where we have acted, not for vengeance, but
for the safety and security of the humble and
the poor, of the degraded and the despised.
I hope that those men who think our great
work is done will remember when they hear
these utterances that although the Constitution
and the laws embody these great securities it
will be quite safe for the next dozen years, at
least, to have behind these constitutional pro-
visions and these legal enactments the steady
support of the men who made them, the men
who believe iu them, and who are true to them.
To make these ideas practical, on every square
rood of the country to have them accepted as
the living faith and practice of the people, the
men who have enacted them should see to it
that they who have opposed them shall not be
permitted to thwart or baffle their operation
even for a moment.
Now, sir, I am glad this Senator is here from
the State of Mississippi; that he comes here as
the representative of the black race. ( care not
whether he be partly black or all black, mulatto,
octoroon, or quadroon, he has the blood of that
race in his veins and stands here as its first
representative, Their eyes are fixed upon him.
They will remember these three days of debate.
They will understand its significance, and so
will their tried and trusted friends. I welcome
him here. When he takes his seat with us will
be closed this great struggle of forty years. He
will be an illustration of the power of the Con-
stitution and the laws. This oath wilt soon
be administered and caste and privilege dis-
owned forever. Our eyes will soon be grati-
fied by the sight of this glorions triumph. By
this act Mississippi, which nine years ago with-
drew her delegation from Congress, raised the
flag of revolt against the country, and under-
took to establish a government founded on the
crushed, palpitating, bruised hearts of a race
in chains, will be' represented in the Senate of
the redeemed Republic by one in whose veins
courses the blooa of the African race.
Mr. CA8SERLY. Mr. President, we have
to thank the Senator from Massachusetts who
last spoke [Mr. Wilsow] for his remarks. Bit-
ter, vituperative, taunting as they were toward
those of us on this side of the Chamber who
have exercised our right here of differing from
him, we should be grateful to him for the frank-
ness with which he spoke. He appeals to the
eight hundred thousand black voters of the
country to take note of what he says has oc-
curred here during the past three days. He
appeals to them for their votes and for their
support for his own party, and against the
Democratic party, which he seeks to hold re-
sponsible for the debate of those three days.
Why, sir, what does this mean ? We have al ways
understood heretofore that this "great move-
ment," as the Senator calls it, which is to cul-
minate, as he says, in what is about speedily
to take place, was a movementof humanity, of
justice, of freedtim, for thehlacktafce, Hot in
the interest of party, not to maintain a Repub-
lican ascendency in the country. Oh, not
nothing of the sort. Perish so low, so ignoble
a thought 1 Yet now and here, in the very flush
of supreme triumph, as the Senator himself
declares it—with what truth he is best qualified
to say—he has no higher or better thoughts
than taunts and invective for the Democratic
members of this body, and partisan appeals to
a portion of the voters of the country by their
race and color for their support, that support
which is essential, as he well knows, and as
every man that listens to me well knows, to
enable his party to maintain itself in the Gov-
ernment.
It has been charged in this Hall and out of
it by gentlemen of the Democratic party that
nothing was more hollow and insincere than
the pretenses of humanity, of justice, of free-
dom, or even of kindness to these poor people
which have been trumpeted throughout the
land, "in season and out of season," by the
leaders of the Radical party. It has been
charged that the whole movement was parti-
sari in its origin and in its object. The Senator
now confesses it all. Let his confession go upon
the record as his contribution to the truth of
history in this memorable juncture of our times.
The Senator declared that out of seventy-
four Senators composing this body there were
but nine or ten Democrats. That is true. The
Senator sees nothing but matter, not merely
for rejoicing but for taunt, in a circumstance
that ought to give to thinking men on that side
cause for regret and for apprehension as to the
results of a majority which is not controlled by
that discretion so essential in a representative
body, and which must depend upon the pres-
ence of a minority large enough to keep the
majority in check. The Senator thinks not of
that. He is so eager to taunt us with our
weakness and with our dwindling power that
he overlooks considerations which should ad-
dress themselves to judicious men of his party.
I admit that we are few, and perhaps may be
fewer before we are more in number. Bat,
few as we are, I thank God to-day that not one
of us sits here thrust into this Senate by the
bayonets of the standing Army of the United
States, over the breasts of a downtrodden and
helpless people.
The Senator stands up on this floor and an-
nounces himself and his party as the instru-
ments or agents of the Almighty in this great
deliverance. He may be such agent, though
I have never seen his commission. When was
it issued and where is it? I know not in what
record to look for the proofs of his high au-
thority. If it be true that the Senator and
those with him are the representatives or the
instruments of that all-just, all-merciful, and
all-wise Power, then, considering what things
he and they have helped to do since the war
ceased in the land, and the extraordinary spirit
in which he and they have dealt with the great
problems of the time, I should say that in the
selection of such agents and instruments we
had a new and most signal illustration of the
truth that the judgments of Providence are
" unsearchable and his ways past finding out."
[Laughter.]
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I tell the
Senator from California that I have a commis-
sion, and my commission is my manhood. I
tell him further that if he will open God's holy
word and read the commands there to break
every yoke, undo the heavy burdens, and let
the oppressed go free, and if he will read those
other words, " Love thy neighbor as thyself,"
" Do onto others as ye would that others should
do unto you," "Remember those in bonds as
bound with them," he will find that every man
who has acted as we have acted toward this
poor, wronged, outraged, and despised race
bears the commission of Almighty God.
I refer the Senator from California to God'B
word, that bids us ever recognize as brothers
the children of our common Father. And, sir,
have we not striven to do so? Open the his-
tory of the last forty years, and you will find
that against uncounted majorities, against
public prejudice and passion, against every
delusion and illusion that could be put before
mankind, we have stood up in our manhood,
and with God's words ringing in our ears we
have battled for the liberties of that race, for
their elevation, for their improvement, until
we have made them the equals and the peers
of the proudest and the wealthiest of the land.
Sir, we have the triumph to-day, and now Isay
to that Senator that in every contest in the last
forty years to strike the fetters from the slave,
to recognize his manhood, to take off from him
I the heel of oppression, to lift him up, to edu-
! cate him, to secure his rights, to make him a
1 portion of our countrymen, with equal rights
with ourselves, we have had the bitter, per-
sistent, unrelenting hostility of the Democratic
party of the United States.
Mr. President, for forty years the Republic
has been the theater of a mighty conflict of
ideas, principles, policies, and of deeds. The
spirit of liberty and equality, that pulls none
down but lifts all up, has grappled with the
demon of slavery ana caste. A political organ-
ization, born of the holier aspirations of the
people, in whose ears lingered the deathless
words of the patriots, statesmen, and heroes
of our earlier times, rose to meet the needs of
the age. This organization, the product of the
highest ideas of the Christian civilization of
the western world, has through these fifteen
eventful years struggled against those inherit-
ing the maddening passions, cruel prejudices,
and disorganizing theories which slavery and
caste nurture and develop.
In the ranks of this party gathered the no-
blest spirits of the land ; the Christian, upon
whose vision flashed the imperative injunc-
tion of Holy Writ, break every yoke, undo the
heavy burden, let the oppressed go free; the
scholar, who found in the pages of the mighty
dead of all the ages testimonies that deepened
his convictions and quickened his zeal for the
equal rights of struggling humanity; the phi-
lanthropist, who saw as he gazed into the
graves of perished nations that slavery poi-
soned their lives and hastened their decline and
death.
By the stnrdy and persistent blows of the
Republican party that nuge, hideous, and hor-
rid system of human bondage, upheld by the
aggregated interest of $3,000,000,000 in the
flesh and blood, brain and soul of man, hedged
about by the accumulated passions and preju-
dices, prides and ambitions of seven genera-
tions, intrenched within the social, political,
and ecclesiastical organizations and affiliations
of life, was shivered to atoms. By a series of
execntive and legislative acta it broke the
chains and lifted from the depths of chattelhood
up to the summits of manhood four and a half
millions of beings made in the image of God.
It was said of Wilberforce that he went to his
God with the shackles of eight hundred thou-
sand West India slaves in his hands. The
Republican party stands before the nations with
four and a half millions of  riven fetters in
one hand and four and a half million of title-
deeds of American citizenship in the other.
These broken fetters, these title-deeds, it holds
up to the gaze of the living present and the
advancingfuture. In the progress of the ages
it has been given to few generations, in any
form or by any modes, to achieve a work so
vast, so grand, so sure to be recorded by the
historic pen or flung tipon the canvas in en-
during colors. Defeat and disaster may come
upon the Republican party; it may perish
utterly from the land it saved and made free,
but its name will be forever associated with the
emancipation of millions of a poor, friendless,
and hated race, their elevation to the heights
of citizenship, their exaltation to equality of
civil rights and privileges, and, crowning act
of all, the prerogative "to vote and to be voted
for." These beneficent deeds will live in the
hearts of coming generations, and "brightef
