1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4395
of his constituency, if, in his judgment, he
believes it necessary and proper.
This is the performance of his plain duties.
He is not allowed to perform those duties; his
constituents are not permitted to have his ser-
vices in the performance of those duties. A
dominant, oppressive, tyrannical, and unpatri-
otic majority, in violation of every principle
of propriety and of the essential principles of
republican government and of the Constitution
of the United States, deprives him utterly of
all opportunity to take part in the business of
the House, either by debate or by making prop-
ositions or in any other way except simply by
voting. They gag him, make him dumb as a
fish, and then require him to vote on all their
measures.
Sir, that was not always the case in relation
to the House of Representatives. There was
a time there when freedom of debate, a matter
of the highest importance to the American
people, to a wise and safe legislation, to the
perpetuation of liberty and of constitutional
government, was allowed in the House of Rep-
resentatives ; and it was when the members of
that House consisted of about two hundred or
a few more than two hundred members.
We ought to return to that state of things.
The true principle of representation, the true
principle of freedom of debate, and the delib-
erate, wise, careful, informed consideration of
all proper subjects oughtto be returned to, both
by the House and by the Senate. The Senate
have not made much departure from it; but
the only way in which that condition of things
can be returned to in the House is by reducing
its numbers. Let it no longer be uu unorgan-
ized, unwieldy, and impracticable mob. Let
it no longer be so numerous that a few men,
and they almost exclusively m themajority, can
take part in its debates. Let it be reduce to such
a number that all the intelligent and informed
men of the body, if they choose may take part in
its business ; may speak to every proposition in
goodandin reasonable time ; may represent, the
will, the principles, and the interests of their
constituencies. All this is sacrificed by the
present numbers and the present modes of doing
business in the House ; and to call that a de-
liberative assembly, a representative body, a
body representing the people of the United
States, i'airly representing their intelligence and
the principles and the interests of the Ameri-
can people, is nothing but a mockery and a
sham ! No, sir; if we want enlightened, con-
siderate, and wise legislation, if we want the
freedom of debate, if we want a fair and equal
representation in Congress of the people of the
United States, a representation in debate, iu
the presentation of propositions and ot meas-
ures, and a representation in all the transactions
of the business of the House, we must reduce the
number o1 that House so as to allow the mass
of its members to take part in all important
business ; and therefore I have been from 1840
always iu favor of a small House of Represent-
atives. / . , , , . .
Mr. POMEROY. Mr. President, I desire
only to say that the increase of llie numbers
of a deliberative body as is proposed by this
amendment is not necessarily to the public
injury, nor do I believe I hat it will retard v^iy
niucli the public business. I know that after
any deliberative body numbers over one hun-
dred, there have to be more stringent rules;
;md when the Senate numbers one hundred, as
i«t may some time, I believe the same rules will
bo applied io the Senate that now apply to the
House of Representatives. The stringent rules
10 which the Senator from Kentucky has alluded
•mow out of the necessities of a large delibera-
tive body. It may be more agreeable to reduce
the House of Representatives to two hundred
m embers, as H was formerly; but I do not know
that the public interest would thereby be im-
proved. i am not certain that the vaued inter-
ests of the country would be as well repie-
sented. I was once a member of a Legislutiue
that had between thiee aud four hundred mem-
bers in its lower house. The little State of
Massachusetts once had four hundred mem-
bers, I think, in its lower branch.
Mr. SUMNIiR. More than that once,
Mr. POMEROY. I call it a little State
because it is little in comparison with New
York and some of the great States—not little
in any offensive sense. I was a member of the
lower house of the Massachusetts Legislature
when it consisted of four hundred members,
and with four hundred members in that body
we got a fair and honest expression of the
people. Members came up from every little
town—there were several from every county—
and the interests of that Stale have been pro-
tected, guarded, and blessed by legislation, I
believe, perhaps more than almost any State
in the Union.
Now, if the House of Representatives is
increased to three hundred I do not apprehend
that there would of necessity be one single rule
more stringent. You might have to increase
the numbers on the committees, and I think
they ought to be increased. My judgment is
that that legislation is safest which has been
best considered in committee, and in a large
committee. When a bill is presented to the
Senate all Senators cannot know all about.it at
once; butif the committee from which it comes
is large, aud the bill has been well considered
and matured in committee, it is likely to be as
safe and well guarded a bill as though it was
thrown open to the whole Senate in the begin-
ning; and I have known Senators from the
very best of motives move an amendment to a
bill, intending to benefit and improve it, which
really injured it, because they were not present
when the bill was considered in the committee,
and did not, see the bearings of the amendment
upon the whole system.
If the House of Representatives should be
increased to three hundred members it is not
to be supposed that every member will under-
stand every particular measure; but if the
committees were so arranged that the public
business committed to them is considered, ma-
tured, and deliberated carefully, I believe the
public interests would be better secured and
our legislation would be wiser and safer.
Now, Mr. President, there cannot be such a
thing as going backward to alionse consisting
of two hundred members. There is nothing
in this country that looks like going backward.
States dislike to lessen the number of their
Representatives, but they are always willing to
increase it. I believe that this increase in the
number of Representatives, if it makes the
body somewhat unwieldy, will make it safer.
It is more difficult, I am sure, to get a bad
measure through a large deliberative body than
through a body consisting of only a few mem-
bers.
But, Mr. President, the Senator from Rhode
Island has suggested to me one difficulty, which
of course exists. Where a State is small, and
has perhnps less than one hundred and twenty-
three thousand or one hundred and forly thou-
sand inhabitants, and therefore has but one
member—of course every State is entitled to
one—there may be times when that State will
not be represented at all, on account of sickness
or of casualties that may happen to its member.
In that way it may for a time be without rep-
resentation in fact; but I will remark to the
Senator from Rhode Island that that is only
temporary. It is an inconvenience that a State
might suffer if it had two or three or four mem-
bers.
My own belief is that we had batter pass
this bill as recommended by the Committee
on the Judiciary, and I do not think in doing
that we do injustice to any section ot the coun-
try. In that way we shall get a more speedy
representation in Congress accruing from the
census. Why should it not be speedy? Why
should we take a census one year and not get
representation upon that census for two or
three years afterward?
Besides, it may be urged, and I presume it
has been urged, that there are two fifths of a
certain class of population in this Country who
have never been represented at all, and they
ought to have been represented from the day
of the passage of the thirteenth amendmentto
the Constitution of the United States. After
that they were not "certain other persons," as
before, but they became citizens, and they
should then have been counted iu the basis of
representation. If we wait for two years
longer, more than half a decade will have
elapsed since this class of our people became
our fellow-citizens entitled to representation,
and yet have been without it 1
I believe every section of the country will be
gratified and satisfied with the increase of the
House of Representatives to three hundred,
and having this census take effect upon the
election ot members of the next House of Rep-
resentatives at the earliest possible period; aud
if there is no section of the country to be mate-
rially injured by it, I know that there are several
sections, the South aud West especially, that
will be benefited, unless they are unfortunate
enough to get bad representation. But it is
presumed and presumable that the representa-
tion will be such as to reflect the will aud wishes
of the people, becausc the members are elected
every two years, and if there is any portion of
them who do not reflect the will of the people
they can be retired when they have served one
Congress. I shall support the recommenda-
tions of the committee.
Mr. TtiURMAN. Mr. President, I shall
make no apology for troubling the Senate with
some more remarks on this question, for it is
a question of that importance that it certainly
deserves all the consideration and debate we
can give it, within reasonable limits.
I have listened with great attention to the
arguments that have been made against* tbe
proposition now before us, and especially to
the very able and interesting argument of my
friend, the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis, J
to whom I always listen with interest and in-
struction. He has drawn a very vivid picture
of the ill-practices of the House of Represent-
atives ; of the tyranny that prevails in that body,
of the destruction of freedom of debate and the
hurry and incousideration with which legisla-
tion is pressed through that body; and he
attributes these evils in a great degree to the
number of members of that House.
I will not say that the number of the House
of Representatives has nothing to do with these
evils that he and all of us deplore; but it does
seem to me that the cause of these evils lies
far deeper than the number of members of that
House. The primary cause lies in the depart-
ure from the idea of this Government that iias
taken place. According to the theory of thoso
who framed (he Constitution, the House ot
Representatives was to be the great body for
debate. It was to be similar to the House of
Commons in ISugland. It was to be the place
where all money bills should originate, and
where there could be the largest freedom of
discussion ; where almostall laws should origin-
ate; and so much was that considered to be
the case that, as is known to us all, in Lhe early
years of this Republic the Senate sat the greater
part of the time, even when in legislative ses-
sion, with closed doors. The Senate was re-
garded more as a council than a legislative
body. The great body for discussion was to
be the Commons of the people, the House of
Representatives. That was the idea of the
framers of the Constitution.
Again, sir, their idea was that this Federal
Government of ours should have but alunited
jurisdiction—a jurisdiction confined almost
entirely to our foreign relations and to the rela-
tions between the different States of the^ Union.
They had no idea of Congress usurping ihe
duties and functions of the State Legislatures,
aud going into all the minutije ol legislation
in this country affecting she people in every
possible and conceivable interest, cither of
ocrson, cr ot property, or ot liberty, that they
