1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5339
a million brave men abandoned civil pur-
suits to rally round your flag, and almost in-
stantly were transformed into a disciplined
army such as the world had never seen. When,
in 1865, the war ended, not a regiment muti-
nied, not, an officer nor a soldier demanded of
the Government which they had saved one
farthing more than their just rights; bat all, as
they were mustered out of the service, resumed
the avocations of peace, and cheerfully ad-
dressed themselves to the performance of their
duty as citizens. Such a spectacle the world
had never seen. The speedy assembling of so
powerful an army, their prodigious achieve-
ments in the field, and their quiet dispersion to
their homes, constitute so many chapters of
imperishable national glory.
And these, sir, are the men from whom you
are to recall the stars and other insignia of
military distinction, conferred upon them by
your own act, while your hearts were fresh and
warm with gratitude for their heroic deeds and
forbearing conduct. It may seem to some to
be a small thing; but, sir, you must estimate
the effect of this law upon a soldier from his
stand-point, not from yours. To the civilian it
may seem a matter of indifference whether an
officer be permitted to wear one star or two.
But, properly considered, this is not an unim-
portant matter. The history of the world shows
that no great military achievements have ever
been performed, nor great military distinctions
acquired, except by those with whom the love
of glory and the thirst for ho-nor are the all-
inspiring motives. And a nation which can
trifle thus with the pride of its army, and thus
deliberately and in cold blood turn upon those
who have preserved its life, and despoil them
of even the barren badge of honor, the star on
the shoulder, the title in general orders, need
not expect, in the hour-of another emergency,
to be thus surrounded and defended.
Sir, when Louis XVIII came back to the
throne of France he dared not touch a badge
of honor, nor efface a title of distinction which
Napoleon had conferred upon his old soldiers;
but here, within five years after the war, within
five years from the time when the stillness of
your streets was daily startled with the sum-
moning drum-beat and the tramp of marching
squadrons, Congress has so cooled in its grat-
itude, is so blind to policy, so deaf to duty, as
to sit here calmly meditating the passage of a
bill pregnant in eveiy section with hostility to
the At my which has secured its existence.
A wor'd or two as to some of the details of
this bill. Section eleven provides that—
If any sunernumerary officers shall remain after
the 1st day'of January next they shall be honor-
ably mustered outof theservice with one year s pay
and allowance: 1'rumded, That vacancies now exist-
ing in the grade of second lieutenants, or ivlnch may
occur prior to said date, may befilledby the assign-
ment of supernumerary first lieutenants or omcers
of higher grades, who when so assigned shall rank
as sccond lieutenants, providing such officers shall
prefer to be so assigned instead of being mustered
out under the provisions of this section.
Mr. President, it seems to me that if it had
been intended to insult these men, to degrade
and humiliate them, language could not be
more aptly chosen. This section says, in sub-
stance, -'After a certain day you shall be mus-
tered out, discharged with one year's pay-
no matter what your services may have^ been,
no matter what may be your necessities—
unless you prefer to become an accomplice to
your own humiliation, and consent to be re-
duced to a subaltern grade." Does any man
suppose that an officer of the Army possess-
ing the proper pride of a soldier, would ever
consent to such treatment? Could he ever
look a brother soldier in the face again, after
it was known that his Government had sub-
mitted to him the alternative of being kicked
out of the service or of being reduced tolesser
rank, and that he had submitted to the insult,
and kissed the rod that smote him, by con-
senting to his own disgrace?
There are at present between four and five
hundred supernumerary officers of the Army.
Within the last year the number of such offi-
cers has been reduced about thirty-five per
cent, by resignations and deaths; so that it is
fair to assume that in three years the officers
of the Army will be reduced to the number
required for the present establishment. These
vacancies are occurring, of coarse, from time
to time. This bill proposes, on a day arbitra-
rily fixed, to muster out of the service all the
then supernumeraries; and of course vacancies
occurring the day afterward must be filled by
fresh appointment of persons who have, per-
haps, seen no service. This is exchanging vet-
erans of a hundred battle-fields for totally
inexperienced men. And it is not difficult to
see thatthefolly of such an actis only exceeded
by its ingratitude.
But let us go on with this beautiful bill:
Sec. 19. And be it further enacted, Thatit shall not
be lawful lor any officer of the Army of the United
States to hold any civil office, whether by election or
appointment; and any such officer accepting or exer-
cising the functions of a civil office shall at once
cease to be an officer of the Army, and his commis-
sion shall be vacated thereby.
It will be seen that this provision applies,
and we know it has purposely been drawn to
apply, to officers on the retired list. So that,
if this bill shall become a law, an officer on
that list thirty years of age, in full possession
of his mental endowments, guilty of no crime
except that of having lost an arm or a leg at
Antietam or Gettysburg, and thus become in-
capable of service with troops, shall be forever
disfranchised, and thus placed upon the same
footing with the unpardoned rebels who made
war upon the Government. He shall never
" hold any civil office, whether by election or
appointment!" Sir, is it possible that the Sen-
ate of the United States is capable of thus dis-
qualifying, disfranchising, outraging the brave
men who rescued this Government in its hour
of deepest need? Ifso, I desire to say, by my
words and by my vote, to the maimed soldier
thus cruelly treated,
"Thou canst not say, I did it."
It may be well, sir, to provide that the officers
in active service, drawing full pay. shall ab-
stain from holding civil office. The Constitu-
tion provides that "the military shall be in
strict subordination to the civil power." To
this end, I agree that those who form a part
of the active military power should be separ-
ated from those who exercise the functions of
civil offices. But when you drop names, and
consider the substance of things, these retired
officers are only pensioners of a higher grade ;
and you might as well provide that the widow
of a soldier slain in battle, who is now receiv-
ing a pension of eight dollars a month, should
she ever be guilty of attempting to add to
that income by teaching or "taking in wash-
ing," should forfeit her pension, as to pro-
vide, in the language of this section, that any
retired officer who shall attempt to add to
his income by discharging the duties of any
civil office, "shall at once cease to be an officer
of the Army, and his commission shall be va-
cated thereby." In the name of decency, in
the name of charity, in the name of humanity,
] in God's name, upon what principle does this
provision rest, and how can it be defended ?
Mr. President, can any man take this sec-
tion and going upon the stump this fall, ad-
dress an audience largely composed of officers
and soldiers of the war, and vindicate a polit-
ical party guilty of such injustice and meanness?
Sir, in every political campaign since the war
I have been on the stump in the West, and I
must go there again. I have never addressed,
nor is it likely I shall ever address, an audience
in which there will not be scores of mutilated
officers and soldiers, and the mothers, widows,
and sisters of those who have fallen in the field.
I can face my constituents this fall and vindi-
cate the principles of our party, vindicate all
the measures passed by Congress in accordance
with those principles; but, sir, if this section
of this bill shall ripen into a law, and become
a part of the legislation of a Republican Con-
gress, I implore those Senators who may vote
for it, and thus become responsible for it, to
come into the West and defend it.
I believe I have as much cheek as stump
speakers in general; but from the task of
vindicating this section before the intelligent
audiences of the West, I-beg to be delivered.
If it shall become a law, we must answer for
it; and I beg the honorable Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] the chairman of onr
Committee on Military Affairs, to come out
West, and defend this section and the grudg-
ing meanness that inspired it. I would go a
thousand miles to see that strong man struggle
in the morass; to hear and wonder at the in-
genuity that could make a show of reconciling
such an enactment with the honor of a great
and generous people. It is said there is nothing
the gods so much admire as a brave man strug-
gling with difficulties; and if this be so, the man
who should attempt to defend this section, would
be as certain to receive the plaudits of the gods,
as he would be certain to receive the hisses of
the crowd and the contempt of the people.
There are but two grounds upon which any
man could attempt to defend this section; either
that by serving in the Army during the war,
by shedding his blood, and scattering his limbs
through the rebellious South, he had become
incapable of serving as a justice of the peace,
or a constable; or that, by saving this Govern-
ment from its armed enemies, he had rendered
himself so far an enemy to its institutions that
it would be unsafe to permit him to discharge
the duties of a civil office. I have no right
here and now to differ with the Senator from
Massachusetts in estimating the intelligence
and patriotism of his constituents; but, speak-
ing for my own, I can say that any man who
should attempt such a defense in the West
would find a hard road to travel.
There is a little matter in the twenty-second
section which, though not inspired by any feel-
ing of hostility to the Army, betrays utter
ignorance of its discipline and welfare. It for-
bids any parade upon the Sabbath. I hope
that the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Ames,]
who is fresh from the Army, and whose high
rank and distinction won in the service qualify
him to speak upon this subject with greater
authority than any other Senator, will addres3
the Senate upon this bill; and if he shall do
so, I call upon him to say if it is not the
universal opinion of men versed in military
matters that the Sunday morning inspection is
worth all the other appointments of discipline
to keep a body of troops in order, and that it
is equally essential to the soldierlike appear-
ance and good morals of the Army.
I come now to the twenty-fifth section, which
is understood to reduce the pay of the General
and the Lieutenant General. This section has
been criticised by the old Nestor of Nevada,
[Mr. Nye :] and where he has reaped, there is
little gleaning; for whom he has eulogized, lit-
tle more can be said. The office of General is
not a permanent grade in the Army. It was
created and its pay was fixed when the nation,
in a transport of gratitude, desired to honor
the great captain who had covered our arms
with glory. When the people advanced Gen -
eral Grant from the command of the Army to
the Presidency, and Congress cast a grateful
eye upon the commanders from whom he was
separated by his election to the Chief Magis-
tracy, Sherman towered so high, and his name
shone so brightly, that Congress but executed
the nation's will in continuing the office. The
recollection of our dangers, our trials, and
triumphs as a nation was then fresh in the
mind of Congress. The heart of Congress,
like the hgart of the people, was yet throb-
bing with gratitude for our great deliverance,
and the office of General was continued that
it might further be illustrated by the great
chieftain who carried our flag through the
