1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
251
loans and take charge of the finances of t.he
State ?
Mr. BECK. He did; and he has taken
charge of the finances of the Slate in many
other particulars than this. Bathe never said
that he had authority to use this money so
drawn, and he did not profess or pretend that
he had. But his idea was that a majority of
that committee did not believe that he was
really guilty of anything wrong, and I do not
say that he was; I do not charge anything
against him in any shape or form. But there
is the letter of the treasurer of the State ;
there are the facts, and his own statement
shows that the matter is now before the Legis-
lature for further investigation and action.
Mr. WHITTEMORE. The gentleman says
that many of these transactions have occurred
since the adjournment of the Legislature.
Mr. BECK. I do.
Mr. WHITTEMORE. Has the gentleman
any proof in support of that statement?
Mr. BECK. Mr. Angier, the State treas-
urer, says that after the adjournment of the
Legislature Governor Bullock went on to New
York and drew $20,000 out of the Fourth
National Bank, making $55,000 in all; and
how much further he would have gone he does
not know, if he, the treasurer, had not sent a
copy of the code of Georgia to the batik show-
• ing that the Governor had no authority to do
what he was doing.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman yield for a motion that the House
now take a recess ?
Mr. BECK. Certainly, if that be the pleas-
ure of the House.
Mr. DICKEY. I move that the House now
take a recess till half past seven o'clock p. m.
The SPEAKER. The session this evening
will be for debate only.
The motion of Mr. Dickey was then agreed
to; and accordingly (at four o'clock and forty
minutes p. m.) the House took a recess until
seven o'clock and thirty minutes p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. rn., Mr. Ferry in the chair as
Speaker pro tempore.
RECONSTRUCTION OF GEORGIA.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to
order, the House meets for debate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, upon the bill (S. No. 281)
to promote the reconstruction of the State of
Georgia. Under the order of the House, dis-
cussion upon the bill is the only business in
order at this evening's session. The gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] is entitled to
the floor, and has thirty-five minutes of his
hour remaining.
Mr. BECK. Mr. Speaker, when I closed
this afternoon I had caused to be read at the
Clerk's desk the letter of the State treasurer
of Georgia, and I had attempted to answer the
questions put to me by the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] and the gentle-
man from South Carolina, [Mr. Whittemoke.]
From that point, without repetition or allusion
to what had occurred before, I will proceed to
remark that in the statement of facts I am
about to make, as in the statements I have
made, I hold myself in readiness again, as I
did before, to answer all proper questions that
gentlemen may see fit to ask me bearing on
the facts. Such I deem my duty as a member
of the committee undertaking to state the facts
of this case.
I say here that that letter which was read to
Governor Bullock in committee by me, so that
he might have a full opportunity to reply to it
and refute if he could the statements therein
contained, which neither he nor any friend of
his has attempted with any success—that let-
ter, if true or if half true, demonstrates that he
is of all men the very last that this^ Congress
should make an absolute despot, as this bill pro-
poses, over the Legislature of the State of
! Georgia. That Legislature, before whom he
| has been charged with official malfeasance and
i before whom those charges are now being in-
j vestigated and yet remain undecided, ought to
! be allowed to meet before this House takes it
| by the throat and crushes it out of existence,
| as this bill proposes. If those charges are
true or deserve investigation, and if you are
determined to turn the State of Georgia out of
the Union and restore her to the condition of
a conquered province or satrapy, or territorial
dependency, or whatever you may please to
call it, then, in the name of humanity and of
Justice, you ought to put her in charge of some
officer whose proceedings will beyond doubt
be properly conducted.
As I have said, I make no charges against
Governor Bullock, for I know nothing person-
ally about him; but the State treasurer of
Georgia and the Legislature of Georgia have
made the charges which I have read, and they
are of a most serious character.
Another fact I will state here, as I stated
before when the bill was up in April last. The
money that Governor Bullock paid to Messrs.
Kimball never was pretended to be a debt of
the State of Georgia. The city of Atlanta had
agreed, in consideration of the removal of the
State capital from Milledgeville to Atlanta, to
furnish the State with suitable buildings ; aud
after Governor Bullock had drawn the first
$35,000 of the mouey which he is charged with
misappropriating, he on the 13th of January
senta message to the Legislature, in which he
set forth that transaction, making no allusion
to the fact that he had drawn this money out
of the Fourth National Bank in New York and
had paid it to the Messrs. Kimball, but using
this language:
"The satisfactory manner in which the energetic
and able contractors, Messrs. Kimball, have exe-
cuted their contract with the city of Atlanta eannot
fail to receive your approval."
A few days afterward charges were made
against him of having misappropriated the
money. On the 21st day of January, in answer
to those charges, he sent in a message to the
Legislature, in which he said :
" I found it necessary, in order to secure the full
completion of the capitol building and public offices
in time for the reception of the txeneral Assembly,
-to make certain advanec^ of money to the Messrs.
Kimball, and obtained the money for such advances
lrom the fourth National Bank upon my official
drafts. I do not propose, however, in this communi-
cation to argue the propriety of that course, but
simply to state the fact.''
Failing even to communicate the fact on the
13th of January, failing even when charged on
the 21st, when he sent in his message to jus-
tify himself in what he had done, after those
charges had been made, after the Legislature
had adjourned, he went to New York and drew
§20,000 more, not one cent of which has ever
found its way into the treasury of Georgia.
All these are matters of serious consideration,
and show that he is personally interested in pre-
venting the meeting of this Legislature. They
afford ample reason for understanding why he
has not called the Legislature together. It was
bej'oud all question because of the pendency
of these charges and the certainty that they
would be urged and proved against him.
These facts all appeared before the com-
mittee, and the only excuse which now comes
from him is that the members of that Legis-
lature, scattered as they were from one end
of Georgia to the other, did not come and re-
quest him to call them together. It would have
been improper in them; it was, in fact, impos-
sible for them, even if they thought it proper,
to get together in any such number for the pur-
pose of drawing up a petition for presentation
to the Governor asking to be called together at
an early day. They were to investigate charges
against him, and delicacy alone would have pre-
vented gentlemen under such circumstances
from making such a request. It was his duty
after the decision of the court, and the duty of
no one else, to call the Legislature together.
He had the power, and no one else had, to call
that Legislature together with a view to giving
them an opportunity to meet the question ot
reseating those colored men in accordance to
the decision of the supreme court. -But, sir, lie
failed to do so. His failure to do it is no good
excuse for him or his friends now. But his
conduct and the relation m which he stands to
that body is one of the highest considerations
why be should be pronounced not a fit man to
be at the head of the State of Georgia with all
the powers which this bill proposes to confer
^ln this connection let me also state that in
the investigation before the Committee on
Reconstruction to-day, on the examination of
General Farnswortii, Governor Bullock him-
self admitted that if the recommendation of
General Grant had been carried out and the
test-oath, known as the iron-clad oath, had
been required of the Governor and the mem-
bers of the Legislature of Georgia, he could not
have taken that oath, because during the war
he had given aid and comfort to thearmies of the
confederate States; that he had been an express
agent, and in his capacity as such he had dur-
ing the rebellion in every form given it aid aud
comfort; andthat he could not have taken thai
test-oath himself which the President recom-
mended should be applied to all the members
of the Legislature of the State of Georgia, over
which he seeks to preside. He had never held
any office before the war and therefore would
take the oath which is now required, but not
the oath which the President in his message
asked Congress to prescribe. The latter oath
has been stricken out, whether to save him or
not I do not know; but it has been stricken
out, for he could not take it himself.
Now a word or two on the amendments which
I propose, and the reason why they are offered,
before I turn to another branch of this subject.
I propose to amend the act by requiring the
Governor, at the same time he issues his procla-
mation calling the Legislature together, to issue
a proclamation calling for an election in all the
districts not now represented, so that the Stale
of Georgia when the Legislature meets shall
be fully represented, if you are determined lo
pass this bill. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Butler] claims that this would be
an outrage. How, and in what manner? Ought
not every district to be represented ? If that
Legislature is not full now ought it not to bo
full before it is required to pass on the fifteenth
amendment to the Constitution ? Ought it not
to be full before it is required to vote for Uni-
ted States Senators ? Ought it not to be full;
ought not all the people of Georgia to be repre-
sented before any important legislation is trans-
acted? Governor Bullock himself to-day gave
this committee this information: five "mem-
bers of the Legislature are dead and there were
not three murdered, as stated by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] but only
two, and they were both murdered before this
Congress adjourned last spring, and no white
man has ever been accused of murdering either
of them. It appears from all the evidence that
it was not done for any political purpose what-
ever. There is not one scintilla of proof to
show that it was. Two were accidentally killed
and one died of disease.
As the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Botler] announced, fifteen members were
driven out of the State or counties where they
lived. Governor Bullock also stated that there
were twenty-five in the house and four in the
senate who, in his opinion, could not take the
oath required by the Constitution. This would
make in all of those who left the State or
county, all who died or were ineligible, some'
hfty-one members. The house is composed
°iT °ne and seventy-five members and
the Senate of seventy-four, making a total of
two hundred and nineteen; and there are or
will be, if all those he deems ineligible under
the provisions of this bill resign, fifty-one vacan-
cies if Governor Bullock be correct in his
statement.
