1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2507
guilty of robbing the people. It is legalized
robbery. So it lias been desiguated by better
men than those now sitting in these Halls.
Dr. Wayland himself described this sort of
business as public oppression, equal and lead-
ing to private violence and robbery. And so
it is.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman repre-
sents a commercial constituency and very prop-
erly advocates their side of the question. His
figures come from the importing, not from the
manufacturing interest.
Mr. COX. It has been often referred to
here that 1 once represented another constitu-
ency,-which was an agricultural constituency.
I am referred to as the member from Ohio.
Well, at that time I did represent an agricul-
tural people ; and even then I computed some-
what about this business. My computations
have not changed very much since that time.
In 1864, when the tariff of 1802 was before the
House, I made this statement:
"The amount of cotton goods impoited in 1861,
$24,647,648. Duty, according to the ad valorem stand-
ard, 35 per cent, payablein gold, equal to 56 per cent,
in paper currency uf the United States:
Cost in the country whence imported <21,617,618
Difference in exchange at 70 per cent  17,253,^5.)
Duty at 56 per cent  13,802,672
Importer's profit at 10 per cent  5,570,369
Total..
..^61,27*1,012
"At this point of that cost imported cotton goods
come in competition with the products of home man-
ufacture in oar market.
Krom cost in our market £61,271,012
Deduct first cost abroad     23,017,0.18
" Leaving a bounty on the same amount of goods,
namely, $21,617,648 to the home manufacturer of
h3ti,026,391, or 1-M per cent, in currency or in gold ot
per cent."
And now the gentleman proposes to put it at
54 per cent, on the average. From war times
to this time he graciously reduces this cotton
goods tax 4 per cent.!
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman is mis-
taken. The average under the present law is
54J- per cent., and we reduce it.
Mr. COX. How much?
Mr. SCHENCK. To 52-J or per cent.
Mr. COX. That is a great boon! The coun-
try ought to be thankful for that reduction.
Mr. SCHENCK. The reduction is $90,000.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COX. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I renew theamend-
ment, and I do so for the purpose of recurring
to an argument made by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] a little while ago,
and which I have frequently heard upon this
floor used by gentlemen upon his side ot this
question ; it is in regard to immigration to this
country. And I desire to ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania whether he does not recog-
nize the fact that the condition of the people
of Europe, political and social, bears a great
part in inducing immigration to this country?
In other words, whether the prosperity or dis-
tress of the people in those countries, whence
the immigration comes, is not an important
agency in controlling the tide of immigration
to this country ? On referring to some statistics
upon that point I find that in 1847, just prior
to the revolution of 1848 in Europe, the immi-
gration to this country was only 129,000 111
round numbers. Subsequent to 1848 it soon
rose to 300,000.
Now, on turning to the schedule ot tantts,
I find no material change in the tariff during
those years. What, then, led to this great in-
crease" in the tide of immigration? Why, it
was the great political commotions going on at
lliat time in France and Germany; and it is
not only the political status of those countries,
but the social welfare, the ups and downs ot
life which they have there as well as here,
which in the greatest measure control the tide
/•(' immigration, much more so than the tariffs
which we may make in this country. 1 ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania again if he does
not recognize that fact as an item to be con-
sidered in these calculations?
Mr. KELLEY. I rise to answer the gentle-
man's question.
The CHAIRMAN. Before the debate pro-
ceeds further th« Clerk will read the rule of
the House governing debate.
The Clerk read as follows:
"A member shall confine himself to the question
under debate, and avoid personality; but in Com-
uiitLoo of the "Whole on the state of tho Union he is
not bound to confine himself to the question under
debate, except wli ere a special order is pending, when
the debate must bo confined strictly to tho measuro
under consideration."
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair desires to
remind the Committee of the Whole that the
paragraph under consideration relates to tho
duties on manufactured cotton and cotton
goods; and hereafter the Chair will enforce
the rule.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. 1 was merely reply-
ing to the remarks made by other gentlemen.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is aware of
that.
Mr. KELLEY. 1 think it is a pertinent
argument to show that one rate of duty would
close factories and check immigration, and that
another rate of duty would stimulate industry
and promote immigration. That I think is
strictly pertinent. Now, if I may be permitted
to go on, I would like to answer some state-
ments that have been made.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would reply
to the gentleman in the language of the rule
of the House. "The debate must be confined
strictly to the measure under consideration."
Under that rule the gentleman cannot discuss
tho main question of tariff and protection.
Mr. KELLEY. I do not propose to do that.
The more goods we manufacture the more we
promote immigration ; the higher wages are
the more favorable are the letters that go out
from the laboring people of this country to
their friends in other countries. The gentle-
man cites the years 1847 and 1848 as years o£
enormous immigration.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not think
the remarks of tho gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Kelley] are in order under the
rule which has been read. Debate upon the
pending amendment has been exhausted.
Mr. W1NANS. Will the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Finkelxiscug] withdraw his
amendment?
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I am wilhngto do so.
Mr. CESSNA. I object to any further with-
drawing of the pending amendment for the
purpose of allowing it to be renewed and debate
thereon continued.
The CHAIRMAN. Objection having been
made to the withdrawal of the pending amend-
ment, the question will be taken upon its adop-
tion or rejection, debate thereon having been
exhausted.
Mr. WINANS. Is it in order to move asub-
stitule for the entire paragraph as amended ?
The CHAIRMAN. That motion will be in
order, but the question cannot be taken upon
it until all amendments to the paragraph have
been disposed of.
Mr. WINANS. I move to strike out the
clause relating to textile fabrics of cotton,
measured and taxed by the square yard, and
insert in lieu thereof the corresponding provis-
ion of the tariff of 1861—12 Statutes-at-Large,
page 185, first clause of fourteen section—
which I ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows:
"On all manufactures of cotton not bleached, col-
ored, stained, painted, or printed, and not exceeding
100 threads to the square inch, counting tho warp
and filling, and exceeding in woight 5 ounces per
square vard, 1 cent per square yard.
"On fiDer or lighter goods of like description, not
exceeding 140 threads to the squat o inch, counting
tho warp and filling, 2 cents per square yard.
"Ongoodsot misdescription, exceeding 110threads
and not exceeding 200 threads to the square inch,
counting the warp and filling, 3 cents per square
5 ""On like goods exceeding 200 threads to tho square
inch, counting tho warp and filling, 4 cents per square
yard.
"On all goods embraced in tho foregoing sched-
ules, if bleached, there'shall be levied, collected,
and paid, an additional duty of one half of ono
cent per square yard; and if printed, painted, col-
ored, or stained, there shall bo levied, collected,
and paid a duty of 10 per cent., in addition to tho
rates of duty provided in the foregoing schedules :
Provided, That upon all plain woven cotton goods,
not included in tho foregoing schedules, and upon
cotton goods of every description, the value of which
shall exceed 16 ccnts por square yard, there shall bo
levied, collected, and paid a duty of 25 per cent. «<'
valorem: And provided further, That no cotton goods
having more than 200 threads to tho square inch,
counting tho warp and filling, shall be admitted at
a less rate of duty than is provided for goods which
arc of that number ofthreads."
Mr. WINANS. I desire to say that vvhathas
just been read by the Clerk is the exact lan-
guage of the statute of 1861 relating to this
subject, and, as will be observed by members
of this committee, the rates of duty therein
provided are very much lower than those
proposed in tho bill which is now under con-
sideration. I desire also to say that the act
of 1801 waa passed in anticipation and ex-
pectation of and by way of preparation for
the war; for in the preamble of that act it
is recited that the tariff is levied for the pur-
pose of paying the Treasury notes of the Uni-
ted States, which had been or which were
about to be authorized to be issued, for the
purpose of meeting the contemplated expenses
of the war, and for the purpose of paying loans
in that respect. That was a war tax. But I
admit that in consequence of the war there
were not very heavy importations under that
tariff, as there were not heavy importations of
any goods during the war.  
Now, I desire to call attention to a few fig-
ures. Under the tariff which wasin force prioi
to 1801, and which was lower in its rates of
duty, there were imported in the years 1858,
1850, and 1800, $78,776,731 worth of this class
of goods ; and this immediately following and
notwithstanding the great commercial crisis of
1857. Under tho existing tariff there were im-
ported in the years 1807, 1808, and 1860 only
$51,220,220 worth of these goods. Since the
close of the war, and under the existing high
tariff, and when we have had no great financial
crisis, our imports of this class ofgoodsamount
to only a little more than $51,000,000. If more
revenue has been raised on the $51,000,000
worth imported under the present tariff than
there was upon the $78,000,000 worth impoited
under tho tariff in force in 1857, 1858, 1850,
and I860, it is because the duties have been
raised so high as to discourage importation, and
the people of the country have been compelled
to pay higher prices for the goods they have
imported.
Therefore, Mr. Chairman, I desire to return
the chalice to the lips of my colleague from
Ohio, who denounces those who oppose this
bill as repudiationists. 1 do not propose to
charge him or the committee with which he is
associated and of which he is the organ with
intentional repudiation, but I affirm the effect
of this increase of the tariff which he and they
are trying to make will be to discourage im-
portation and to diminish the revenues, and
thereby to repudiate the debt by preventing
tho people from being able to pay it, and bur-
dening them with taxes which do not go toward
paying the debt or supporting the Govern-
ment. ,
Mr. SCHENCK. Upon what authority does
the gentleman say that in this bill we propose
to increase the tariff?
Mr. WINANS. I cannot yield to the gen-
i tleman. , . . . , ,
! Mr. SCHENCK. I have heard that state-
! ment continually ; but it is not the fact, llie
' bill, in fact, decreases the tariff duties.
1 Mr WINANS. I desire to stale that under
| the existing tariff the total consumption ot thj
irnodq snecified in this clause amounted durm
I fhe&et to $241 100,000 Of these goods
il there were imported from foreign countries
