1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
549
41st Co:st&....2d Sess.
Apportionment of Representation—Mr. Moore.
Ho. of Heps.
meet the opposition in such a spirit of denun-
ciation.
What do we ask, Mr. Speaker, by this bill ?
Simply that we may have equal representation
in the Congress of the United States. Can
there be any wrong in such a demand as this ?
Is it not in itself a righteous demand'? We have
heard it suggested by leading members on this
floor that a new apportionment might endanger
the success of the dominant party in the next
presidential contest. This 1 do not believe,
sir, and really if it should this is not a legitimate
argument against the measure. The merits of
the Question rest upon far higher grounds than
mere party considerations. It is a matter of
absolute right under the Constitution under
which we live and by which we profess to be
guided. And none of these rights can we
trifle with or trample down, or withhold from
any portion of the people for mere political
advantage. We should rely for success in the
future upon the God-given principles of our
party which have heretofore made it impreg-
nable before the people. We should rely upon
the faithfulness with which we administer the
Government in the interest of the whole peo-
ple. If true to the people, if we are just and
wise, we certainly need not resort to tricks of
legislation to retain our power. Such a course
will sooner or later show itself to be disastrous
in the extreme.
In the advocacy of this measure we certainly
perpetrate no wrongupon others. If my State,
for illustration, gains a large accession of power,
and the littie State of Vermont loses some-
what, who can legitimately complain? Illinois
has the people in her midst who aie absolutely
entitled to this increased representation here;
Vermont has not. Whose fault is this ? Cer-
tainly not ours. If westward the star of em-
pire takes its way, who shall hinder it? If in
the West there is now developing a power of
astonishing magnitude, which is sure to wield
a controlling influence here in the Halls of this
mighty nation, who may successfully stand in
the way of inevitable destiny? Gentlemen
here, by strange combinations, may succeed
in defeating this measure, but they cannot long
put off what they seem to look upon as the evil
day. Events have transpired within the last
decade which, as it seems to me, make it im-
perative upon us to pass this bill, or at least
some modification of it that will recognize the
recent changes in our population and the un-
questioned rights growing out of these changes.
Can any one deny that the multitudes, who
by reason of the recent articles of amendment
to the Constitution, have been made free cit-
izens of this Republic, are entitled to repre-
sentation in the next Congress? Shall we,
after having clothed them with every right of
American citizens, now arbitrarily withhold
from them this essential right to representation ?
Is this the position that N ew England proposes
to occupy toward the new-made citizens of this
country? I confess, sir, that i see no consist-
ency in such a course, nor can 1 see how, with
any plea of fairness andjustness, any man upon
this floor can pursue such a course.
It is said that they can wait two years longer.
Perhaps they can. Perhaps they may quietly
submit if such should be the determination of
this House. But I insist upon it that we have
no business to command them to wait. They
have this right to representation now, or they
have it not. If they have it, let them enter
upon it and enjoy it, without any factious op-
position in these Halls. Letthe question stand
upon its merits, and not fail here by reason of
local prejudices or unmanly jealousies. Iam
sorry, six-, to seo high-tariff and low-tariff con-
siderations coming in here to settle a question
of such vital importance, and one which involves
such a grave question of right.
I am sorry to see mere party considerations
controlling members on such a question as
this ; for i say again there is no hope of per-
manent party prosperity bat in devotion to cor-
rect principle, to the equal and unquestioned
rights of all. i am sorry to see the fluttering
anxiety which shows itself here among some
in reference to th<5* unprecedented growth of
the great West, the great producing sections
of this country. The great monopolies in the
manufacturing regions and their representa-
tives in this House are uneasy. They begin to
fear that we shall not much longer bear the
yoke which we have worn too long already.
They see that we shall soon be able to take care
of our own interests, and emancipate ourselves
from the tyranny which has been put upon our
people and their labor by legislation suggested
and consummated in the interests of wealthy
corporations and privileged monopolies.
With wonderful tenacity these gentlemen hold
onto their brief tenure of power, and reluctantly
propose to yield two years hence what they are
apparently determined we shall not wrest from
them now. But we would prefer to have them
be magnanimous, and yield to us now what
they dare not deny is our unquestioned right;
and we would have them yield with the grace
and dignity that become American citizens,
claiming above all other people to respect
the just and equal right of all under the law.
We in the West are generous. The tendency of
our broad and wealthy domain, our magnificent
rivers, and our unequaled resources is to en-
gender such a spirit. We are in the future to
be all-powerful. We are to present at no distant
day, a development unsurpassed hitherto in the
history of human progress anu civilization.
When the day of our triumph comes we
shall still be generous. While we shall scru-
pulously guard our own interests, while we
shall not allow the labor of our people to be
needlessly taxed to feed your wealthy corpor-
ations, while we shall see to it that the great
agricultural interests—the most stupendous of
all—are not borne down and made tributary,
we shall not make war upon you, but shall be
jealous likewise of your rights and concede to
you every privilege consistent with the interest
of the whole people of this country. When
we come to dictate law in these Halls, as we
assuredly shall, we shall do so not in the spirit
of oppression, but in accordance with the great
principles that underlie oar free institutions.
Of all people in the world we are the least sec-
tional in our feelings. We have a high appre-
ciation of everything that adorns and ennobles
our whole country; and while we look upon
our own section with just pride, we p.re not
unmindful of any other section, or the pros-
perity and happiness of the people thereof.
The constitutional objections which have
been urged here against this measure are. as
it seems to me, scarcely worthy of a passing
consideration. It is objected that Congress,
and not the Secretary of the Interior, should
make the apportionment upon the enumeration
of the people. Certainly it is sufficient that
Congress prescribe the rule for making this
apportionment. Whatever the Secretary of
the Interior shall do will be in accordance
with that rule, and iie is merely constituted the
agent to carry out the wiil of Congress. If it
is objected thai Congress will not have the ]
opportunity to revise the doings of their agent, |
the Secretary of the Interior, till the new ap- j
portionment shall go into operation, I answer, :
first, there is no probability that any serious j
mistake wiil be made ; and secondly, if any- j
thing erroneous should creep in it can only >
have effect during the Forty-Second Congress, i
for the remedy will be at hand, so that the j
error or wrong cannot be perpetuated, and ;
therefore no serious evil could arise.
There is nothing in the Constitution that j
makes provision ior an apportionment within <
every ten years. There is, however, a clause
in the Constitution which provides for the tak-
ing of the census within every ten years, and
representation is required to be made or ap-
portioned to the number of the population.
There is certainly no reason to be found in
the Constitution why the apportionment may
not be made according to the provisions of this
bill; but, on the contrary, it does seem to me
that it is a duty enjoined by the Constitution
upon this Congress to make this apportionment
at once. In the fourteenth article of amend-
ment we have these words:
" Representatives shall be apportioned among the
several States according to t!je;r respective num-
bers, counting tho whole number of persons in each
State, excluding Indians not taxed."
Now, no such apportionment has ever been
made. Bat it is an absolute requirement of
the Constitution, and it seems to me to be the
sworn duty of Congress to carry out this pro-
vision of the Constitution in good faith, and
with as littledelayas possible. To defer action
two years longer is simpiy dodging the ques-
tion, and manifesting, I am sorry to say, a
disposition to be moved by unworthy consid-
erations, arising from local interests aud sec-
tional jealousies.
There appears to be some opposition to this
bill on account of the increased number of
Representatives. This is really a singular op-
position. It is only meant to be used for the
purpose of helping to defeat the bill. Certainly
it is not seriously entertained. Three hundred
members would make this body no more un-
wieldy than it, now is, and the people in their
little interests, dear, indeed, to them, would
only be the better represented. I have the
honor now of representing a district that num-
bers nearly forty live thousand voters and a
population of nearly three hundred thousand
people. It is next to an impossibility for
one Representative to become intimately ac-
quainted with all the wants and varied inter-
ests of so many; and besides, the more nearly
the people are brought by their own Represent-
atives to the Government that rules over them,
the more interest they manifest in it, the more
readily and willingly do they propose to sup-
port it in peace and defend it in war. More-
over, large bodies are much less likely, as every
one knows, to be corrupted, and they more
fully and impartially represent all the interests
of the people. That by the increase of num-
bers in this House the freedom of debate would
be restricted is really but a silly and worthless
pretense. Certainly, whether the number is
increased or diminished, there will be debate
enough in all conscience. Indeed, if it were
possible to invent any means by which there
should be less debate, fewer speeches, and more
earnest, vigorous action, the country would not
mourn.
I do hope, sir, that this bill in some form
may pass. Of course I should desire its pas-
sage in the form in which it would be the least
objectionable and work as few hardships as
possible upon those who bare felt themselves
called upon to oppose it. But let it be remem-
bered that no measure can pass this House
that shall so be drawn as to olviate ail objec-
tions. We must learn, in the spirit of mag-
nanimity, to give and take, to live and let live.
The objections to this measure, however seri-
ously the}' may press upon individual minds
affected thereby, are after all, as must be con-
fessed, of minor importance. No great inter-
ests are in any wise imperiled or even threat-
ened if it is passed. But on the contrary, if it
is not adopted a g.'eai wrong is committed, a
sacred right is denied and tn,led with. I hope
that members will pau^e be ore they deliber-
ately settle dev. n to the comlasiou that they
wiil deny to us that which we justly seek in
advocating the passage of this bill.
