3452
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
Mr. EDMUNDS. He does now.
Mr, 1 HUM BULL. No; ho offers it as a
substitute. fhat is an amendment in one
sense ; but the souse in which I use the word
**utuenument is us an addition, The word
'"substitute is well understood in parliament-
ary bodies, and I presume by nobody better
than by my irieud irotn Vermont who makes
that critical suggestion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I want to call
the Senator s attention to the phraseology of
his proposition. "The compensation of the
female clerks, copyists, and counters" shall
"be the same as male clerks.'' I submit
whether, in order to make it perfect, he should
not say 4' the same as male clerks, copyists, and
counters, performing the like or similar ser-
vices?"
Mr. POMEROY. That is the meaning now.
Mr. TRUMBULL, I think it could receive
no other possible construction ; but I have no
objection to those words being inserted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. As there are no
male counters that I know of it would turn out
on this phraseology that the counters would
have the same pay as male clerks. I suggest
whether that was the intention, to give female
counters preciselv the same pay ns the male
clerks.
■ Mr. TRUMBULL. I found a good deal of
difficulty in drafting the amendment. We had
the same difficulty when we had the mutter up
a year ago. I recollect theu the lamented j
Senator lrom Maiue, Mr. Fessenden, who was i
with us, said there was a difficulty about it;
and I intended to overcome that difficulty in
this amendment by directiug that tlie heads of
Departments should make the classification,
so as to carry out the provisions of the law.
I do not know whether there are any male
counters or not, and it may be that the female
counters could get no advantage by this pro-
vision. I should greatly regret if it were so.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. As it stands I
think they wonld.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If they would,, then I
hope it will remain as it is. They are among
the most valuable class of persons in the De-
partments. These female counters couut rap-
idly, count exactly, and are very valuable
officers, and I should hope they would be put
upon the footing at least of first-class clerks ;
and if the provisiou as I have drawn it will
accomplish that I shall be much gratified. I
was apprehensive myself it might not; but as
the Senator from Kansas has very well ob-
served, if we can pass the amendment in this
form, aud we find it does not reach some per-
sons_ who ought to be reached by it, wo can
provide for them hereafter when we see the
practical workings of what we shall have
done.
Mr. CORBETT. Iam in favor of the con- i
tinuance of female clerks in the Departments
and increasing their numbers in the Depart-
ments where they can perform the same ser-
vice as males; and I desire to propose an
amendment to the amendment of the Sena-
tor from Illinois, that will accomplish that
result ; and I hope my friend from Maine
will withdraw his proposition that I may offer
my amendment. It is substantially to change
the word " female " in the amendment of the >
Senator from Illinois to "male" and the I
word "male," where it occurs, to '• female 1
so as to make his amendment read :
. That the compensation of the male clerks, copy-
ist?, and counters employed in the several Depart- I
fflents and bureaus, whose appointments are made by 1
the several heads of Departments under the provis- 1!
jons of Ijctt, shall, from and after the 30th day of 1
June, 1870, be the same as female clerks performing
the like or similar services, <fcc.
This will accomplish the result of adding to
the number of female employes where they can
perform the same duty for which males are
now employed who get higher wages, aud the
male clerks can seek some better employment,
like cultivating our lands in the West, and do
other business which females cannot attend to.
I desire to give the females the benefit of these
places, aud by my amendment I have no doubt
j there will be a greut many added to tho num-
ber of females in the Departments. I believe
them to be efficient for the service required
there. I believe the intention of the Govern-
ment originally iu employing them was to em-
ploy them because they were cheaper in point
of pay, and could perform the service equally
as well as men and probably better. I think
this clerical service in the Departments should
be confined entirely to ladies where they can
perform it equally as well as men, I hope my
amendment will be adopted, and thereby pre-
vent the dischargo of these ladies and the ap-
pointment of men in their places, for I fear
that will be the effect of raising the pay of the
female clerks. I think my proposition ought
to meet the objections of the Senator from Illi-
nois, and it will equalize the thing.
Sir. COLE. I do not wish to discuss this
subject generally; but before the vote i3 taken
I will offer a remark or two in reply to what
has been said by the Senator from Illinois.
In the first place, it seems to me utterly im-
' possible to adjust the wage3 to the labor. If
we were to do that, we should raise the pay of
some of the first-class clerks to the pay of see-
ond-clnss clerks, and so on up to the fourth-
class clerks. Because we see in some of the
offices where a good many clerks are employed,
clerks of different grades performing precisely
the same service and receiving different rates
of wages, we cannot hope to get them all on
an equal footing, so that each shall be paid for
the services which he or she performs.
Now, as a rule, females are unable to per-
form as much labor as males; and that, I think,
is a rule that prevails throughout the Depart-
ments. The ladies there employed, as a class,
perform lighter work than that performed by
the males. It may happeu sometimes, and
doubtless does, p,s stated by my friend from
Illinois, that a female performs as much service
and as arduous service as is performed by a
male clerkinthesameoffice. Ihose are excep-
tional cases, I take it, however; and there is
no rule by which we can adjust all the excep-
tional cases, or make them all equal and just.
If there were any way by which we could gauge
the services of all, so that each should be paid ,
for the exact service rendered, we should, of
course, adopt such a rule; but it seems to me
utterly impossible, utterly impracticable ; and
I shall therefore vote against the amendment.
Mr. TIPTON. There are three classes of
Seuators on this questiou. I discover that two
classes have already been represented on this
female question: first, those members of the
Senate who are single seem to take a deep in-
terest in it; and second, those members whose
wivesare absent. [Laughter.] Isimply desire
to say that those who are in the category with
myself, whose families are here with them, will i
also be careful to do their duty. I
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is i
on the amendment of the Senator from Oregon
[Mr. Coebett] to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] which is
to strike out " female" and insert " male," and
vice versa.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the original prop-
osition of the Senator from Illinois will be i
adopted, although the other propositions, es- I
pecially the amendment of the Senator from
Oregon, while they are mere expedients, are
steps in the right direction. I think myself
there are many men doing service as clerks in
the Departments who ought to retire and give
place to females. Why, sir, think of an able- i.
bodied man who weighs two hundred pounds
sitting in a Department copying a few letters
for a few hours a day, and then going home
and thinking he has done a day's work 1 That !
service could be performed by a child, if the
child, could work. But I am satisfied that noth- :i
ing will reach this case tha£ w.e, want to reach 11
in the Departments but the amendment of the
Senator from Illinois.
The Senator from South Carolina said we
ought to take advantage of the fact that female
labor was low, and had been in all ages and
all countries, and that wo should get it for what,
we can ; and he said there was plenty of it at
low prices. I do not like to let that remark go
without saying that if these persons had the
ballot you could not pass over their claims with
impunity. I said to the negro twenty years
; ago, "You may ask to be put into the cars;
you may ask for your rights ; but nothing will
give you your rights but the ballot." If, when
our members of Congress come before the peo-
ple for election, these persons had the ballot,
you would not find them discriminating against
them. But now they are disfranchised, and it
is ou that account that you can degrade their
labor. That is why you can get them to work
for half pay. Suppose you disfranchised all
. the blacksmiths, you could after that legislate
J about the blacksmiths just as you chose, just
as your prejudice or your cupidity mightdirect.
But you cannot trample on the rights of a black-
smith with the ballot in his hands, because,
having the ballot, he is going to have his equal-
ity with other men. So with these persons.
But, sir, that subject is not now before us. It
is not here, though I hope it will be here before
long.
^ Mr. THAYER. I object to the Senator from
Kansas discussing the question of the ballot ou
this amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. I am discussing what would
give these persons equal wages and equal pay.
That is the real remedy; but as that remedy
cannot apply to this bill, I want that the remedy
contained in the amendment of the Senator
from Illinois shall be applied to it.
Mr. CRAGIN. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Kansas yield to the Senator from New
Hampshire?
Mr. CRAGIN. For a question.
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir. I have not spoken
a word on this appropriation bill for four days,
and in fact did not intend to speak now ; but
being ou the floor I prefer to finish what 1
choose to say.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Allow me to
make a remark. It is very unusual to make
these speeches when the galleries are so thin.
[Laughter.]
Mr. POMEROY. I am not speaking to the
galleries. Let those Senators who speak to the
.galleries bear that fact in mind; but I do not
speak to the galleries.
Anything short of the provisions of this
amendment will never be effective.. We tried
last year to put into the appropriation bill the
same amendment that the Senator from Maine
proposes now, and we passed it without a
division, without a yea and nay vote, it being
theu urged by the Senator from Maine, among
others. It finally fell through in some way.
No w, I w^ut an amendment put into the appro-
priation bill this time that will be effective and
that will be carried through. Here are sixty
female clerks in the Treasury Department and
twenty in another Department. The amend-
ment will certainly reach them. I do not think
it will affect those who are employed as mere
copyists and counters.
But, sir, I_ am so anxious to get to a vote
on this particular question, and on all ques-
tions connected with this appropriation bill,
that I will defer any argument on the subject
till some other time.
Mr. CRAGIN. I desire to ask the Senator
frona Kansas this question: whether he pays
to his hired girl the same wages that he pays
to his hired man ?
_ Mr. POMEROY. Exactly. I have two-
dining-room servants, one male and one fe-
male, and I pay them exactly alike.
Mr. CRAGIN. I mean the man he employs,
on his farm or to drive his horses.,
