4396
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
could have; and therefore, with a limited range
of subjects for the consideration of Congress,
a few subjects, limited as I have said, it was
quite competent for the House of Representa-
tives to allow the largest liberty of debate.
But when you have perverted this Govern-
ment, when you have usurped jurisdiction
over everything; when Congress has taken the
whole banking and currency of the country
into its own hands and abolished the State
banks ; when Congress takes the railroads of
the country into its own hands and threatens to
abolish all State charters and all State rail-
roads ; when Congress takes the protection of
every industry of the countKy into its own
hands; when it takes the elective franchise into
its own hands; when it takes from the States
every right of sovereignty almost that once
belonged to them and degrades them into the
mere humble coudition of counties, and Con-
gress is the body to do all the legislation of
the country, both in its domestic relations and
in its foreign affairs, it is not to b^ wondered
at that, with such a press of business upon the
Houseof Representatives, a dominant majority
is impatient of debate and should call for the
previous question to silence and to gag their
political opponents. No, sir; you must go
deeper than the mere number of members of
the House of Representatives.
Why, sir, with this jurisdiction which the
Federal Government has now assumed, with
this jurisdiction that reaches every fireside of
the Republic, that regulates elections, regulates
tariffs, regulates banks, regulates railroads,
and in a word does everything that it was con-
templated by the framers of the Constitution
should be done by the States ; when you have
engrossed all the legislative powers of this
country over the people of this country, in
their domestic as well as their Federal con-
cerns, it does not matter what numheryon have
in the House of Representatives, the dominant
party will have so many subjects before it that
it will not permit debate. The trouble is in
the multitude of subjects, not the multitude of
members.
Mr. DRAKE. Will the honorable Senator
allow me?
Mr. THURMAN. I beg not to be inter-
rupted. I rose to speak on this bill before, and
1 was interrupted six or seven times, and finally
took my seat. I hope now I may be allowed
to continue.
Mr. DRAKE. I gave way to the Senator
when he interrupted me.
Mr. THURMAN. Then I will give way to
the Senator from Missouri, for I will not be
behind him in courtesy.
Mr. DRAKE. I will not,trouble the Senator.
Mr. THURMAN. I do net know to what
occasion he alludes?
Mr. DRAKE. Just now, sir, when I was
on the floor.
Mr. THURMAN. I had forgotten it. I
beg the Senator's pardon. I give way to his
interruption very willingly.
Mr. DRAKE. I merely wanted to inquire
of the Senator, he having said that Congress
has usurped all the functions of the States, all
the functions that under the Constitution the
States were expected to perform, whether he
cannot take a little of that back before he goes
any further?
Mr. THURMAN. Well, if that remark was
intended as a witticism, I am perfectly willing
that the Senator from Missouri shall have the
benefit of his wit. It does not appear to have
produced a laugh, and I can commiserate his
situation.
Mr. DRAKE. It was not intended as wit.
I merely wanted to know whether the candor
of the Senator from Ohio would not, when his
attention was called to the very comprehensive
language he used, take back a little of it.
Mr. THURMAN. Well, really, Mr. Presi-
dent, I do say that if this Senate had the
patience to hear and I had the strength to talk
long enough I could demonstrate that upon
doctrines advanced in this Chamber, and by
none more forcibly than by the Senator from
Missouri, there is not one function of a State
Legislature that Congress may not assume and
exercise.
Mr. DRAKE. But has it assumed and exer-
cised ?
Mr. THURMAN. I say the principles you
avow would enable you to take from the State
Legislatures every single right and function
they perform, except that, perhaps, of taxing
their people.
Therefore, if you had a House of Repre-
sentatives of only one hundred members, if
that House of Representatives were crowded
with subjects, and people who felt themselves
interested in them were clamoring to have them
enacted into laws—if that was the case the
majority in t.lie House would have the previous
question and would stifle debate. Why, sir,
we see the foreshadowing of a previous ques-
tion even here in the Senate, where we have
but seventy members, or thereabouts. Already
do we see it broached here where it never has
had an existence at all. In the House of Rep-
resentatives you would have it just as certainly
with two hundred members as you would with
three hundred. You did have it in the House
of Representatives when you had two hundred,
and you stifled debate then just as well as you
can stifle it now. If there had been as many
subjects to act upon, if there had been as many
people clamoring for protective tariffs, clamor-
ing for railroad grants, clamoring for bank
laws, clamoring for laws to pay interest on
bonds, clamoring for funding laws, and one
kind of law and another, all in their own
interest, and all lobbying, besieging members,
besetting them at every step they take, and
voracious in their search and seeking for plun-
der, you would have had the previous question
enforced despotically then as you have it en-
forced despotically now. I am not justifying
this despotism—far from it—I am condemning
it when I condemn the causes that give rise to it.
I do not, therefore, for the reasons that I have
stated, think that the number of the House
of Representatives is that which causes the
difficulty. At all events, I agree with the Sen-
ator who last addressed the Senate [Mr. Pou-
eroy] that there is no use in trying to go back.
You cannot get the House of Representatives
to agree to a less number than two hundred
and seventy-five; and between two hundred
and seventy-five and three hundred the differ-
ence is only twenty-five members; while by
placing the number at three hundred you avoid
almost every practical difficulty there is in the
way of carrying this bill into execution. With
two hundred and seventy-five, the number fixed
by the House, there are serious practical diffi-
culties in the way of carrying the bill into
execution ; but with three hundred they dis-
appear. These are my reasons.
The legislative body, the House of Commons
in England, we know consists of six hundred
and fifty members. The Chamber of Deputies
in France has between four and five hundred
members, if 1 recollect aright. The North
German Parliament, if I am not mistaken,
contains between three and four hundred mem-
bers. If we look around us, we see that almost
everywhere in every great country the popular
branch of the legislative assembly is larger
than the number proposed by this bill; and I
do not think that you can expect to keep it
down in the United States.
It is true, as has been stated, that there is a
very great difference between the House of
Commons and the House of Representatives.
Forty are a quorum in the House of Commons.
Forty are competent to pass any bill.
Again, the House of Commons is not very
much of a speaking body. All the speaking is
done by a few leaders on either side. The
most of the members never speak at all. They
are elected for seven years. If the House of
Commons were elected every two years as our
House of Representatives is it would become
a speaking body at once. There would be ten
speakers in it where there is one now.
Mr. DAVIS. You do not want the number
of speakers increased in the House of Repre-
sentatives?
Mr. THURMAN. No, sir; but I say if the
Parliament were elected for two years, if it
were a biennial Parliament instead of a sep-
tennial Parliament, you would have ten speak-
ers there where you have on? now. You will
have speaking men in the House of Represent-
atives if the members can get the chance to
speak. They come before the people every
other year.
Again, how different is the composition of
the House of Representatives from the House
of Commons. There is in the House of Com-
mons, and has been for a long time, (not so
much now as formerly,) what was called the
Country party, as we know, in opposition to
the Court party. It v/as a party composed
almost entirely of representatives of the landed
interest, the country gentlemen. Very few of
them were speakers. But how is it with our
House of Representatives? I think it will be
safe to say that three fourths, perhaps four
fifths of the members of that House are law-
yers, to whom speaking is not only a habit, but,
I might say, a necessity. You cannot silence
such a body as that. There will be debate in
it whenever they get a chance, and whether
you have the number large or small, so far as
debate consumes time there wiil be debate if
you allow them to speak.
Why, sir, what do they say of this body?
We are seventy-two in number, and what do
they say of us? They say that we take up a
great deal more time in debate than they do,
who are more than three times as numerous as
we. It is not, then, the number of the body
which stops debate ; it is not the number which
will prevent it. Whether the number is small
or whether the number is large, so far as time
is concerned in debate, all the time that the
public interest can allow on any subject will be
occupied by debate, if debate be allowed.
I felt it right to make these remarks. I do
not like the idea of too large a House of Rep-
resentatives; but on the other hand I think it
is impossible to restrict it to a very small num-
ber. You cannot expect, with the immense
population that this country is to have, that
that body can be made a small body, or can be
kept a small body. It is impossible. If there
were no other reason for it, there is too much
ambition for place in the country, too much
ambition for seats in the House of Representa-
tives in the country, ever to enable you to suc-
ceed in keeping that body down to less than
three hundred members. It is only a ques-
tion whether it shall be three hundred now or
whetherit shall be three hundred or more than
three hundred after the census of 1880 shall be
taken.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to make a single remark.
I listened with a great deal of pleasure and
instruction to the forcible remarks of my friend
from Ohio ; and I agree entirely in the line of
his general remarks. I wish simply to say,
however, that we unquestionably have a great,
deal more freedom of debate in the Senate
than there is in the House. I think that this
difference results altogether from the fewness
of the members of the Senate and the large
number of the House. 1 am of the opinion
that if the Senate had for the same length of time
consisted of as many members as the House
of Representatives, we should now have about
as little freedom of debate in the Senate as
our unfortunate brethren in the House.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring in the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole, striking out''two
hundred and seventy-five" whenever it occurs
in the bill and inserting " three hundred," on
which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas aud nays,
resulted—yeas lil, nays lil ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Boreiuan, Car-
