550
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ho. op Reps.
[July 2,
Louisiana Contested Election—Mr. Kerr.
41st Cong....2d Sbss.
Louisiana Contested Election.
SPEECH OF HON. M. C. KERR,
of indiana,
Iy the House of Representatives,
July 2, 1870.
The House having under consideration the contest-
ed-election case of Darrall va. Bailey, from the third
congressional district of Louisiana-
Mr. KERR said :
Mr. Speaker : Before I proceed in my line of
argument iu this case I wish to invite the at-
tention of gentlemen to the fact that there has
been laid upon our desks this morning what I
hold in my hand, a sort of statement of his case
by Mr. Darrall. I refer to this paper for the
purpose only of saying that the calculations
made in it are based entirely upon a registra-
tion of the voters of Louisiana which was made'
in the fall of 1867, at a time when the civil
affairs of that State were in groat confusion,
when it was entering on the business of recon-
struction, and just preceding the election for the
constitutional convention which was to organ-
ize the civil government of the State, and that
that registration is confessed by almost all par-
ties to have been an extremely imperfect, unre-
liable, and intensely partisan performance, and
is therefore entitled here, as a means of reach-
ing a safe conclusion, to no respect whatever;
it will mislead any gentleman who attempts to
be guided by it. At that registration thousands
of white men declined to be registered at ali;
other thousands were refused registration, upon
one pretext or another, by partisan registration
officers. It in, therefore, no intelligent or
reliable guide by which to determine the result
which took place at the election on the yd day
of November, 1808, which was the election out
of which this contest grows. The registration
which preceded this election did not distinguish
the voters by color or race at ail, aud the Kadi-
eal registration oQioers did not darn to suffer it
to do so, for the result would have been to the
prejudice of the claim now set up. Besides
that, at the election on the 3d day of Novem-
ber there was an entirely different condition of
political parties and political action throughout
the entire State of Louisiana.
Now, in reference to the case under consid-
eration, this case differs in many respects
from the Louisiana cusps already decided, and
notably in that, fir.st, it is the only one in
which the Democrat holding the certificate of
election (a certificate issued by a .Republican
Governor, predicated on returns manipulated
by a Republican board of canvassers in the
interest of Uiecontestantas far as they dared to
go) is admitted on all hands to have been loyal
io the Government during the entire war, and
atthetimeof the election entirely free from all
political disabilities; secondly, iths the only one
of those cases in which, taking only the regular
returns—leaving out of the computation all
such concerning the legality of which any
question has at any time or by any one been
raised—the returned Democrat presents him-
self at the bar of the House with an over-
whelming majority of all the registered electors
of the district, as will be seen by reference to
the following figures, touching which there is
no dispute. I refer the House to appendix to
testimony, page 20 5 and to testimony itself,
pages 001.-013.
llogistendvotcrsin districton Od November,
3 £<08, 28,486.
Vote polled fox Bailey  17 .VI
Vote polled for 1'arrall 8.593
Total vote polled 
Bailey's majority of vote polled 
These figures show, as I have already stated
to the House, that Mr. Bailey's vote (17,521)
26,117
  8.931
largely exceeds half the entire number of regis-
tered electors in the district, (28,486,) the ex-
cess being 3,281; and striking out the returns
alleged to have been irregular in form, whereby
Mr. Bailey's majority is cut down fourteen
hundred and twenty-three votes, his vote still
exceeds half the entire registration of the dis-
trict by eighteen hundred and twenty lwoy and
his majority of the votes actually cast re-
mains 7,497 j which is evidenced by the follow-
ing certificate of election, in word, letter and
punctuation precisely like all the certificates of
election heretofore issued from that State :
State of Louisiana, Executive Department,
New Orleans, November 25,1863.
To all whom these presents may come:
Know ye. that in accordance with the provisions
of an act entitled "An act relative to elections in
the State of Louisiana," approved October 19.1868,
an election was held by the qualified electors of this
State, on the 3d day of .November, A. 1). 1868. for
five members of Congress, to represent the first,
second, third, fourth, find fifth congressional dis-
tricts of the State of Louisiana in the Forty-First
Congress of the United States, and for one member
of Congress from tho second congressional district to
tho Fortieth Congress to fill tho vacancy occasioned
by the death of lion. James Mann; and whereas tho
returns of said election, made to the secrelmy of
State cia required by law, have been carefully ex-
amined, compared, and attested by tho proper offi-
cers whose duty it was to examine the same ; and
whereas it has boon ascertained from said returns
that Adolpho Bailey received 16,005 votes, and C. 13.
Darrnll 8,568 votes, ca^tat said election: now, there-
fore, I, Henry 0. Waimoth, Governor of the Slate
of Louisiana, do hereby certify that Adolpho liailoj.
received a majority of tho votes eu&t for Representa-
tive to tho Forty-First Congress from the thud con-
gressional district of tho State of Louisiana,
in testimony whereof I havo hereunto nai mv
hand and caused the seal of tho State to be
r t affixed, this 25th day uf November, A.I). 1808,
^ J and ot' tho indopendenceot the United States
tho nmetv-third.
II. C. "WARxMOTlI,
Governor of the State of' Jj<)n'num<(.
George E. ISovkh, Secretary of Suite.
Now, sir, in tho face of these figures, 111 the
face of this evidence, coming the whole of it
from Republican officials, what treatment has
the Democratic claimantmet with at the hands
of this House ? With credentials which ent itled
him to his seat on this floor as clearly as those
held by any gentleman within the hearing of
my voice, he has been for sixteen months
excluded from that seat and his constituents
denied representation, forsooth, because of the
pendency of a contest as to his vllimaU right to
that scat. And at length, after fourteen mor-
tal months of procrastination, when the House
is asked to take action in the case, what action
is it that gentlemen recommend? To award
the seat to a man whose entire vote is less than
the majority of the Democratic contestee ! And
that on grounds and for reasons more novel and
extraordinary than any ever assigned before,
eveniu these days ofstartliug innovations and
audacious experiments.
While it is admitted on all hands that, the
election was entirely free from frauds of any
kind, and that the utmost peace and good order
prevailed throughout the entire district on elec-
tion day, it is contended that there existed pre-
vious to that time a state of anarchy, violence,
and intimidation so great in certain parishes of
the district as to have rendered a fair election
impossible.
To pretend thatdisorder or violence ofany kind
occurringatany time or place other than the time
and place of holding the election is good ground
to avoid it is a proposition which, though it may
have lost the charm of novelty in this House,
will, it is hoped, never cease to be a startling
one to the people of this country. On the de-
cided cases in the courts of justice and legis-
lative bodies in the United States, including
Congress, there is no decentauthority for hold-
ing that intimidation which so long antedales
an election vitiates that election. On the con-
trary, all the authorities hold, and it is the clear
and settled law of this country—I may say, in-
deed, that is the common law which governs
or should govern all election contests—that
when a contest is based on the allegation of
intimidation, disorder, or confusion, those alle-
gations should pertain and be confined to, and
the testimony should be addressed to prove
that they are confined to the day of election,
to the very time and place and hour of the
election ; that they constituted then and there
an existing danger, a danger that was immi-
nent at the time, which controlled the actions
and thoughts and conduct of men 5 that it was
of so formidable a character, so apparent to all,
that men of ordinary courage, of ordinary intel-
ligence and power might have been controlled
by it. So the authorities hold.
In the case of Harrington vs. Davis, volume
two, pnge 841, the contestant charged—
44 That certain political clubs or associations of men,
intending unlawfully to carry the election by force,
fraud, and violence, combined and conspired and
agreed among themselves to cxcludo and obstruct
legal and qualified voters, who intended to vote for
me, from exercisingthe right of suffrage; andin pur-
suance of tiiatcombinationand agreement did, on the
day of election in the ninth, tenth,eleventh,twelfth,
thirteenth, fourteenth, fifteenth, sixteenth, seven-
teenth, eighteenth, nineteenth, and twentieth wards
of tho cityof Baltimoro, which said wards furui the
fourth congressional district of Maryland, and in each
of said wards assemble, manyot them armed with
deadly weapons, around tho polling places andin the
avenues leading thereto, arid by thieats intimidated,
and by force and violence obstructed and drove away
from the polls thousands of legal voters wDo intended
to vote for me, that by intimidation and the causes
aforesaid imniy voters were deterred from approach-
nig the polls who would have voted for mo and in-
tended so to vote; that in each of said wards certain
persons who desired and intended to vote for me
were by force and violence compolledto vote l'oryou
because of their reasonable fear of personal injury."
The committee say:
"It is here assumed that an election is necessa-
rily void at which two thousand voters are pre-
vented, by violence or threats of violence, from
voting, though the election was never arrested, and
though twenty thousand votes may have been cast
and all for one candidate, which is absurd. Why
not attach tho same result to the exclusion or intim-
idation of five hundred, or ot one hundred, or of
one? The principle is the same. In neither would
the votes excluded havo varied the result, if cast.
It is therefore apparent that there is no caso stated
to avoid either the whole election or any part ot it.
J t is not stated that the combination anywneie
arrested the election, nor anywhere made such a
display of force as ought to havo intimidated men
of ordinary firmness; nor is it stated that so many
as a dozen men in tho whole district approached
the polls and offered to vote and were repelled, or
attempted to approach and were repelled."
In the caso of Preston vs. Harris, volume
two, pa< e 340, the allegations of contestant
were, in brief:
"That in tho first, second, third, fourth, fifth,
sixth, aud seventh wards of Baltimore, by reason of
vioience.'intimidiition, <&e., a large nuuaber of legally
qualified voters, who desired to vote and Would have
voted tor me.were prevented from exercibingtheright
of suffrage: that many persons legally qualified to
vote, anu who, if left tree to doso, would have voted
forme, were forcibly carried to the polls, and there,
under terror of death or great bodily harm, were
compelled to vote for you; that in the eighth ward
of the cityof Baltimore, and in the eighth, ninth,
tenth, eleventh, and twelfth election districts of
Baltimoro county, wherein the election was con-
ducted fairly, I received a majority of 1.413 votes, in
virtue of which majority I claim to represent the
district."
The committee say:
" Upon the allegation that such a condition of law-
lessness and riot prevailed in tho seven wards of
tho city that gave hea\y majorities for the oon-
testee, thecommutee believe tbar.no such condition
of things existed as to justify tho rejection ot any
of the sitting member's majorities in any of the spe-
cified wards, or at all to brim,* the case within tho
recognized ruling of the law of elections as to riots.
Tho only cases in which cleciions have been t>er, aside
for this cause are whore i here was riot at the poll*, or
mck tumult? os interfered with the election, and ; •/'-
w-nted an uRCotamhieiU of the rtssalt. Tho rule is laid
down in Hoy wood 011 Injections, pages 5S0 to 581:
Howe on Elections, page<;34; Sacppaidon Elections
pages 105,106, andl reekwell, page 77. To invalidate
anelectwn for riot, violence, nUimiduiion, it mu^f
be shown that the election wan interrupted. Now, the
committee say, it 13 very clear from the evidence tlt.it
no such condition of things existed in the case under
consideration. At every one of the polling places in
the district the election wasuninterrupted; the votes
were all quietly canvassed; the judges signed_the
returns; they were transmitted, a& tho law require-,
