1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
551
4'1st Cong....2d Sess.
Louisiana Contested Election—Mr. Kerr
Ho. of Reps.
to the Governor of the State; the Governor made
proclamation of the result, and transmitted to the
Kiting member certificate of his due election. The
claim made by contestantthat the returns made from
all the precincts in which the sitting member had
majorities shall be rejected, and those alone held
valid from the precincts in which contestant had
majorities, would be a simple but not a justifiable
mode of reaching a result."
This general principle of law, as established
by the past experience of this country, is ad-
mitted by ray colleague [Mr. Steyessox] in
his general report in the Louisiana cases, sub-
mitted March 16, 1870, since in that report he
takes refuge in what he calls a principle derived
from the system of reconstruction in the South,
upon which he attempts to justify the substitu-
tion of a new rule, a new principle of law, for
that which ha3 been so long established,which
has worked so well, and which has been ap-
proved by so many bodies, legislative and judi-
cial. And upon that principle, and that alone,
ha undertakes to hold that it is competent for
this House to seat, a minority candidate, and
to overside established principles of the right
of the majority to determine representation in
this country ; and that we may thus keep out
of this House political opponents, and put in
political friends, provided only that they can
come here with something like a decent pre-
text upon which to claim at the hands of Con-
gress such extraordinary consideration. It
appears to me not to be unjust to characterise
it as an alarming and reckless attempt, in the
temporary interests of mere party, to reverse
one of the fundamental and most saered prin-
ciples of free institutions. It is equivalent to
the assertion of a right by this House itself to
elect Representatives.
I appeal to gentlemen, as they regard the
fundamental principles of our Government; as
ihey regard their solemn oaths ; as they regard
the rights of the people; as they regard the
supreme right of the majority to rule in this
Republic—I appeal to gentlemen not to suffer
such to be their conduct in this case, not to
incorporate into the legislative history of this
country so vicious and dangerous and so utterly
indefensible a precedent as this will be. I do
not deprecate it because it may come back to
vex its inventors, for I hope the Republican
party will never be succeeded in this House
by a party capable of doing so outrageous an
act; but I protest against it because it is in-
ti insically v/rong and will do dishonor to the
House and country, as well as gross injustice
to the people of Louisiana and to Judge Bailey,
their chosen Eepresentative from this district.
But, Mr. Speaker, in reference to the alle-
gation of intimidation, I claim that it is most
unjustifiably exaggerated. That there did exist
in some of those parishes disorder and confu-
sion some time before the election I admit.
In the parish of St. Landry there did at one
time prevail a riot—a most unfortunate and
bloody riot—a riot that sprang up, as every
man here knows that riots always spring up,
from the mutual quarrels, indiscretions, wrongs,
and crimes of the several parties to the iio;.
Unless gentlemen want to do injustice to their
own consciences it will never do to pretend
that that riot was gotten up by Demociats;
that upon the Democratic party in that parish
tests the fault, the crime of getting up that
liot. It is simply not true; and the evidence
does not justify the pretense that it is true.
The riot arose through the follies and crimes
of both parties ; was participated in by both
p irties ; and the first blood that was shed was
shed by deadly weapons in the hands of the
black men in that riot.
Mr. STEVENSON made J. gesture of dissent.
Mr. KERR. 1 beg the gentleman's pardon.
This is proved by his own witnesses. I refer
10 the testimony in proof of my statement. If
i had time I would yield to permit the gentle
man to give his version of the matter.
Mr. STEVENSON". The gentleman forgets
that the first man killed in St. Landry parish
was the editor of a Republican newspaper.
Mr. KERR. That man who was killed in
St. Landry was killed without any reference
at all to this election or any connection with
the riot. The difficulty, out of which that riot
is said to have arisen, was a difficulty with Mr.
Bentley, who was not killed, who is alive now,
who was whipped by one or two young men in
the town where he was conducting his paper,
and I believe teaching a colored school. He
was attacked and whipped—unjustifiably, I ad-
mit, but that assault upon him was promptly
prosecuted in criminal proceedings in the
courts of that parish, and afforded no justifica-
tion for the riot which soon afterward grew
up, and was in the first instance chiefly gotten
upby the colored men, led on, advised, directed,
and controlled by the Republican leaders in
the parish of St. Landry. But the irritations,
follies, and fears which prepared the way for
it were, as I have stated, mutual between the
parties, and the responsibility for the result
rests upon both, and not entirely or chiefly
upop either.
It is proposed by the majority of the com-
mittee to reject the four parishes of St. Laudry,
La Fayette, Vermilion, and St. Mary. Those
four parishes gave to Judge Bailey a majority
of 7,742. If the proof fails as to any one of
these four parishes Mr. Bailey will still have a
large majority. In other words, it is neces-
sary, on the theory of the majority of the com-
mittee, to strike out Mr. Bailey's majority,
footing up 7,742 in four parishes, in order to
elect Mr. Darrall by a bare majority of 215.
1 have not time to read the evidence in refer-
ence to these matters. I wish, however, at
this point to say a word in regard to that riot
in the parish of St. Landry. The man who
chiefly controlled that riot, who is said to have
been its director and manager, Mr. Thomp-
son'—even while the sub-committee appointed
by Congress to investigate the Louisiana dis-
turbances were proceeding with their labors in
New Orleans—was appointed sheriff for the
parish of St. Landry by Governor Warmoth,
the Republican Governor of Louisiana, whose
certificate of election to this very seat Judge
Bailey holds. With full knowledge of the con-
duct of Mr. Thompson, fully advised, as the
Governor must have been, of all that trans-
pired in the parish, being in political sympa-
thy with Mr. Darrall, being the chief executive
officer of the State, having the supervision, in
connection with others, of the returns of that
election, Governor AVarmotb, a few months
after the election, appointed the leader of that
riot, Mr. Thompson, to the office of sheriff of
St. Landry.
Again, there is the appointment to an office
in the same parish by Governor Warmoth of
a man whom the honorable chairman [Mr.
Stevexson] has, in the course of debate on
the Louisiana cases, repeatedly branded as a
cold-blooded murderer, and one of the leaders
of this riot. I mean Fereol Perrodin, the
deputy sheriff; and this appointment was made
after Perrodin had testified before the con-
gressional committee to the part he had taken
in the riot, and after a committee appointed
bv the Legislature of Louisiana had instituted
a most searching investigation into the Sr.
Landry disturbance.
Again, there is the appointment to the posi-
tion' of official printer of St. Laudry, by a
| Republican board vested by law with the power
| to make such appointment, and of which the
Governor is a member, of the man who in his
testimony befoie the committee boldly de-
clared that lie had discharged all his lire-arms
at a party of colored men whom he and
oihers had gone to parley with, an act for
which the honorable chairman finds no justi-
fication, though it is in evidence, and the wit-
ness himself dec! u^s that his party were tired
at first by the colored rioters, and that they but
returned the fire. The name of the witness is
Saunders King, and his testimony may be found
at page 510 of the testimony, as follows:
" Question. How did the riot arise?
"Answer. The school-house is a very short distance
from where I live. I knew that Mr. Bentley would
probably get a cowhiding or give somebody else a
cowhiding that morning, andl thought X wouldstep
out and see the affair go off. I met the school chil-
dren running all over the town, and screaming that
three men had gone up to the school-house and kil led
Mr. Bentley. Home free negroes came up, atnon^
them Francois David, and he told Mr. B. R. Gantt
that now was the time to bring about the difficulty
between the negroes and the whites, which had oeeu
so long anticipated. He was heard to send couriers
first to the Anderson and Kill plantations, and then
to the Garland and Paiilet places. I heard Jotm
Simras, a colored man, tell one of those couriers who
had been ordered otf, not to go. He said it was a use-
less thing to interfere in a personal difficulty between
Mr. Bentley and Mr. Dielison, and that they ought
not to have anything to do with it one way or the
other. This negro courier (I do BOt know who he
was) replied that Mr. David had sent him, and that li e
was going to bring the negroes in, and to bring them
in armed. I thought then that it was a squally time
11 and pretty exciting, and X went home and saddled
j| my horse, and got my double-barreled shot-gun and
jj. pistols. There were eleven or twelve young men
II who did the same. We went to the mayor of the
j, town, Mr. Felix King, andgot an order from him to
i' stop alt armed bodies coming into the town of Ope-
j! lousas. We started out, and at the first place where
" we had heard the negroes were coming from (General
|| Anderson's.) we overtook John Simrns. He went and
It stopped the negroes from the Anderson place com-
|| ing in. I suppose there were some thirty or forty
Ij of them. John Bimmsstopped them andgot them
'' to go back. There no collision with that party
at all. Yfe then rode to the Parrot place, and every-
,| thing was quiet there. The negroes seemed to be
|i attending to their business at that place. We had
got ahead of their courier. About three o'clock in
the evening we ran foul of some twenty-three armed
' negroes at the Paiilet place. Five of our party had
i: split off from the rest. \v e did not know how many
|i negroes there were there, and we thought we would
|! ride up to see what was the matter. We galloped
ji around the fence to the back part of the house, and
I' there we were confronted by twenty or twenty-live
|! negros1*—I say twenty-three, because I think that is
ii nearest to the number. They were told not to fire,
I that we Tfere acting under orders. With that tne
H leader, whose name I forget now, said that he had
! brought his guns there to use them, and that he in-
tended to do it, and with that he gave us a volley ot
buckshot, which we returned as a matter of course.
That continued, I suppose, not over five minutes,
but it seemed like a year to me. Then the negroes
gave up and asked tor protection."
I desire to say to the House that in the gen-
eral correctness, fairness, and intelligence of
this witness 1 have great confidence.
Now, sir, how shall we account for the course
of Governor Warmoth in this matter? What
part has he really played in these contested elec-
tions from Louisiana? Are these men whom,
with a full knowledge of their participation in
the St. Laudry disturbance, he has appointed to
responsible and important offices in that parish,
the ruffians and assassins they are here repre-
sented to be, or is my colleague entirely in the
dark as to the nature of the disturbance and the
character of the parties engaged in it? There
is no other alternative. Either the Governor of
Louisiana, touching the loyalty of whose sen-
timents or the orthodoxy of whose Republican-
ism I have never heard a itepublicau express
a doubt, has been guilty of the most profound
treachery to his political friends, or this House
is attempted to be made the victim of a con-
spiracy to mislead its judgment and unjustly
control its action.
In the parish of St. Mary there were two
men killed, Pope and Chase. 'I here is direct
and clear testimony that those men were mur-
dered and assassinated, by whom no human
being knows except the persons who did it. it
is supremely unjust lor my colleague to say the
testimony shows that they were killed or a^as-
sinated by Democrats. Ihey maj or may not
have been. My judgment is that they were
assassinated by s^tne of the bad men who in-
fest society in that State and the South gen-
erally; outlaws, men who have no politics,
who have no aililiatien with any party ; who uo
not care the weight of a hair tor the fortunes
or ti"> P'.ihation of any party m the (ountry.
