1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1565
his answer to the threats thrown oat by Sen-
ators on this side as to the speedy overthrow
of the Republican party and its policy. I beg
the Senator who says wo arc too few for this
language to remember that the nine or ten
Democratic Senators here boar no fair propor-
tion to the moral or numerical power which
are at our back. By the distribution by States
of representation in the Senate, this body is
anything but a just representative to-day of
the political opinions of the American people.
With all the power of the military organiza-
tion of the country against ns in the last presi-
dential election ; with so many States of the
South trammeled up in the thralldom of your
policy—I mean no offense to gentlemen here
who are in this body by reason of opportuni-
ties never before presented in the history of
a free people—notwithstanding all that, the
Democratic vote was larger bymany thousands
than any man ever before received who was
elected to the Presidency of the United States.
Our presidential candidate had the votes of
more than two and a half million people.
Your candidate, in all the strength of nis per-
sonal popularity, in the full flush of his mili-
tary renown, had a majority of less than ten
per cent, of the total vote. A change of less
than five per cent, of the total vote from your
side to ours would have given us a popular
majority. A still less change, if properly dis-
tributed in the States, would have given to our
candidate the election.
It does not become the wise men on the other
side of this Chamber to taunt us with the fee-
bleness of our numbers here. Strong in right
and growing in numbers, ours is a rising tide.
No Republican Canute can say to that tide,
" thus far shalt thou come, but no farther."
As we were stronger at the last election than
we were at the election which preceded it, we
shall be stronger at the next election than we
were at the last. There must come some time
an end to the terrorism which has controlled
the country for so many years, and which alone
has enabled yon to hold the country. That is
my answer to the explanation of the Senator
from Massachusetts.
It was not my intention to say one word in
the course of this debate. I broke silence to
repel the assaults made upon the minority here,
and to expose the pretensions which went along
with those assaults. Whether or not the policy
of the dominant party is a wise one for the
black people of the country, time alone can
tell. Whether their professions of exclusive
friendship for them are any more real than
their professions of justice, of freedom, of
liberty in their whole policy, every man will
jndge for himself. I believe that the race
which is the object of so much devotion will,
despite their limited opportunities in the past,
shortly have, if they have not now, the good
sense to detect the hollowness of all the pre-
tensions of the Administration party. It is
impossible for me toimagine that a party which
manifests constantly an implacable hostility
toward millions of their countrymen in the
States of the South can be overflowing with the
milk of human kindness toward a race whose
highest, if not their only value in the eyes of
these self-styled friends is in their votes, which
are so essential to maintain them in the ascend-
ency they have acquired and have so longheld
in this country.
Mr. SCOTT obtained the floor.
Mr. DRAKE. I ask the honorable Senator
from Pennsylvania to allow me to say one
word. Mr. President, I deem it my duty to
say that the indirect personal reference which
I made to the honorable Senator from Cali-
fornia, in the remarks which I made just now,
I intended only sportingly. I had not the
slightest thought in the world of saying any-
thing that could be construed into that which
was not entirely respectful and kind toward
that Senator personally. I hope he will believe
me when I say that he has no truer friend in
the Senate personally than I am.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, I will occupy
the attention of the Senate for a very few
moments, and that upon the direct question.
Mr. CASSERLY. Will the Senator from
Pennsylvania allow me to say a word ? I did
not quite catch what the Senator from Missouri
said, but having understood it from a friend
who heard him, I accept his kind remarks in
the spirit in which they were made.
Mr. SCOTT. I do not propose, sir, to dis-
cuss the past history of the contest about the
negro, nor the probable future consequences
of that contest; but to look simply at the ques-
tion which this debate has developed, in the
hope that in a few moments we may be able
to dispose of that auestion.
This debate has developed two leading facts.
The first is that the person who is proposed as
a Senator from the State of Mississippi is now
a citizen of the United States ; and the second
is that heneverhas been an alien oraforeigner.
Now, sir, in view of these two facts, I propose
to make the point that even if the position
that has been contended for by the gentlemen
on the other side of the Chamber were true,
namely, that he was not a citizen before the
enactment of the civil-rights bill or before the
adoption of the fourteenth amendment to the
Constitution, still he is eligible a3 a Senator of
the United States, and ought to be sworn in.
The proposal is to refer his credentials to
the Judiciary Committee for the purpose of
making inquiry as to whether he has been a
citizen of the United States for nine years. It
is admitted that he is a citizen now, and there-
fore he is admissible as a Senator unless there
be some disqualification. What is that dis-
qualification? It is alleged that he is a man
of color, and that therefore he was not a citizen
prior to the enactment of the civil-rights bill.
Now, sir, no one stands here to question that
his citizenship was an open question before the
adoption of the civil rights bill. The history
of the litigation that had occurred in various
States, and that finally got into the Supreme
Court of the United States in the Dred Scott
case, is enough to show that a question was
made as to whether a colored man was or was
not a citizen of the United States. The decis-
ions in Kentucky, the decisions in Connecticut,
the decisions in my own State, the discussion
which took place upon the admission of Mis-
souri into the Union, the Dred Scott case, the
universal discussion of this question at one
period in our history—these are enough to
show that the public mind was not settled upon
the question. But if it was not settled then,
could it be more effectively settled than it has
been, first by the passage of the civil rights bill,
and then, if that was not sufficient as a mere
act of Congress to determine the status of. cit-
izenship in the face of a decision of the Supreme
Court, surely it will not be contended that the
fourteenth constitutional amendment, declar-
ing that all persons born within the United
States are citizens, is not sufficient to settle it.
The civil rights bill, if its text be turned to,
and the fourteenth amendment, if its text be
turned to, will be found to be both declaratory.
They do not enact that " from henceforth all
persons born within the United States shall be
citizens," but the present tense is used in both:
"all persons" "are citizens of the United
States." If that be sufficient to settle the
question, if that be enough as a declaratory
law to declare that all persons born within the
limits of the United States are citizens of the
United States, where does this man stand who
now presents himself as Senator-elect from
Mississippi ?
■f- It is urged by gentlemen on the other side
that he became a citizen only by virtue of one
or the other of these enactments; but if they
turn to the history of that clause in the Con-
stitution of the United States on which they
rely they will find that it was inserted both in
reference to Senators and to Representatives
in the other House of Congress, and also in
reference to the President, because of the
apprehension that was felt of foreign influences
in our Government. In the discussion which
occurred in the convention—I have it here but
will not take the time of the Senate to read
it—on fixing the qualifications of Senators it
was especially dwelt upon that the Senate being
the body which was to pass upon treaties with
foreign Governments, it was particularly neces-
sary that the period of citizenship should be
extended and made longer for a Senator than
for a member of the House of Representatives.
The discussion of Mr. Madison in the Federal-
ist of this clause, shows that the purpose, tho
reason, the intention of this clause in the Con-
stitution of the United States was that persons
who had been boru abroad should not be per-
mitted^ become Senators until after they had
been citizens a certain length of time. That
is the reason, that is the spirit of the law; and
it is a maxim which I need not quote, that the
reason ceasing the law ceases with it.
Here,then, is a man born in the United States,
not an alien, not a foreigner, who comes here
elected by a State Legislature. No question
is raised as to his qualification as to age; no
question is raised as to his qualification in any
other respect than as to whether he has been
a citizen of the United States for nine years.
Now, even if the doctrine contended for by the
gentlemen on the other side were true that he
was not a citizen until the time of the passage
of the civil rights bill or until the adoption of
the fourteenth constitutional amendment, still
he is not within the meaning of that clause of
the Constitution which requires a man to be a
citizen for nine years. The meaning, the spirit
of that was, that no man should occupy this
place who had been naturalized as a foreigner,
until nine years had elapsed after his natural^,
ization.
And has not our history been an illustration
of it? We admitted Texas as a Sta,te, and
although I have not taken the trouble to inquire
into the nativity of the two gentlemen who came
here as Senators, I believe they were both born
in the United Statesr yet they were not citizens
of the United States at the time of the admis-
sion of Texas; they had lost their citizenship
as citizens of the Uriited States. But did any-
body doiibt that when they presented themselves
here they were eligible as Senators of the Uni-
ted States, although they had not been citizens
of the United States for one year? When we
acquired Louisiana, did not every man who
was a resident of the Territory at once become
a citizen of the United States? I know it was so
held in my own State. There the question came
up in this way: a man born in Saxony who
had emigrated to Louisiana before the acquisi-
tion of that Territory by the United States,
and had never been naturalized in the United
States at all, afterward removed to Pennsyl-
vania, and there offered to vote. And the
Question was there raised whether he was a
citizen of the United ^t tes; and our courts
held that by the acquisition of the Territory
all its inhabitants at once became citizens of
the United States; So we see that there are
circumstances, and have been circumstances
in the history of the United States, where men
would be admitted as Senators in this Chamber
although they were not citizens of the United
States for one year, or for more than two,
three, or four years. This I cite in illustration
of the meaning, the intent, the spirit of that
clause of the Constitution which is invoked
for the purpose of debarring this man from
the seat to which he has been chosen by the
State of Mississippi. He is not within the
meaning and'spirit of that clause of the Con-
stitution. He is a native-born inhabitant of
the United States, and made a citizen by the
civil rights bill, or by the constitutional amend-
ment, if he had not been before. These were,
as I have already said, both declaratory acts,
not enactments simply to take effect in the
future, but declaring what was the sense of
Congress and of the people at the date of their
enactment.
