1870.
THB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:.
3453
Mr. THAYER. That is not the same kind
of labor.
Mr. CRAGIN. I am aware, Mr. President,
that it takes considerable courage to oppose
this amendment; but I feel it to be my duty
to do so. I have made some inquiries at tbe
Treasury Department, or have heard what some
of those in charge there think on this subject,
and my information is that while many of the
females are very good clerks, they do not per-
form the same amount of labor that the male
clerks perform ; and I believe that is true the
world over. You may employ ten men and ten
women to work at exactly the same. business
for three months' time, and the men will per-
form a greater amount of labor. That every-
body ought to know and everybody does know.
I venture the assertion here to-day that you may
go to the Treasury Department, and when you
come to the matter of absences you will find
two days absence on account of sickness for
the female clerks where you will find one for
the males. The Senator from Kansas says it
is not so. I believe it is so.
Mr. POMEROY. I have the reports.
Mr. CRAGIN. I agree with the Senator
from South Carolina that the effect of this will
be ultimately to drive out from the Depart
ments the females, which I should very much
regret. The Senator from Kansas thinks this
is a question that the ladies all over this coun-
try care much about. I tell the Senator that
the wages received here are very much more
now than the same class of persons can receive
at home.
Mr. THAYER. I should like to ask the
Senator from New Hampshire a question.
Why does he regret that females should be
driven out of the Departments if they are not
equal in efficiency or do not perform their
duties as well as male clerks ? He complains
that they are absent a great deal more than
males.
Mr. CRAGIN. I am spedking not of the
quality of the work, but of the quantity. As a
class you may take one hundred of each, and
the males do perform more work in a given
time. There is no doubt of it. I say that over
the country if you increase these salaries you
will cause more dissatisfaction, and possibly
you will displease more persons than you will
please. I admit that over the country the wages
of females are low, too low; I have always so
contended; but when you single out a few
women in this city, less than a thousand in
number, and give them $1,200 % year, whereas
at home these same persons as a general thing
could not make a quarter part of that sum,
those at home will feel it.
Mr. POMEROY. Is not that true of the
male clerks also ?
Mr. CRAGIN. The difference between
what is paid for the labor of males in the De-
partments is not near as great compared to
what they can get at home as it is between
what female clerks receive for their labor here
and what they would receive at home. I hope
the amendment will not prevail.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. President, I will make
my speech in one sentence, and it is this: that
a refusal on the part of this Government to
pay the same compensation to females who
perform the same duty as males is utterly in-
defensible on any rule of justice or right, in
my opinion.
Mr. SAWYER. Hie Sienator from Kansas
has somewhat taken me to task—I use the ex-
pression not offensively—for alluding to the
low price of female labor as an existing fact of
which the Government ought to take advan-
tage- _ I agree perfectly with the Senator from
Illinois that his proposition is one entirely just
in itself. The proposition that a certain amount
of labor performed should receive the same
compensation, whether performed by one per-
son or another, is a perfectly sound propo-
sition; but it is a very different question
whether the Government should put itself in
the attitude of upsetting all the existing theo-
ries of wages and of labor for the purpose of
carrying out abstract justice when everybody
else is working on the existing basis. I know
that there are female clerks in the several
Departments who are worth singly half a dozen
of the $1,200 clerks who may be found there.
I know there are ladies there who are worth to
the Government six times as much as some
single clerks who receive $1,200.
The argument is not that the salary of this
lady should be raised, but it is that the poor
$1,200 clerk should be turned out. That is the
real argument.
The effect of this proposition is what I con
sider. It is not my unwillingness that the
ladies should have $1,200 for their work, but
it is that this whole class of laborers in the
service of the Government will be turned out
without any compensation at all. That will be
the practical result. I have talked with three
or four of the sensible female clerks on this
very point, and without exception they say,
" Do not vote to give us $1,200 and why?
They say there is a disposition to have as few
female clerks as possible. I know that to be a
fact. There is a disposition to employ male
clerks wherever the heads of Departments and
bureaus can employ them according to law.
The result of this movement, unless we stipu-
late in the appropriation acts that there shall
be a certain proportion of female clerks em-
ployed at these rates, will be to get them out
of the Departments and substitute for them
this poor trash which it is said will be so much
better off cultivating farms.
That is my reason for opposing the amend-
ment. I do notwantto degrade female labor;
on the contrary, I want to elevate it. But I
do not conceive it is proper for the Government
to set out and upset all the existing theories
about wages in this case, anymore than I think
it is proper for the Government to agree in the
public works to give five dollars a day for labor
that private employers can hire for three dol-
lars. I do not believe that it is the duty of the
Government to hire men for eight hours a day
and give them the wages of twelve hours a day,
any more than it is the duty of an individual
to do it.
Mr. STEWART. I wish to give notice of an
amendment to this bill to increase the salaries
of the United States judges.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be re-
ferred to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is now five
o'clock. I want to say to the Senate that I
think it is indispensable to finish this bill soon.
If we can sit two or three hours longer, I think
we shall be able to do it.
Several Senators. Let us take a recess.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am perfectly
willing to stay in session until we finish it; but
I am appealed to by Senators to let a recess be
taken. I should like to have the Senate settle
the question whether they will now take a recess
until half past seven o'clock and then come
back and finish this bill, or whether they will
continue in session at the present time.
Mr. RAMSEY. Or adjourn.
Mr. MORRILL, ofMaine. No; I am opposed
to an adjournment,
Mr. STEWART. If the Senator proposes to
finish the bill we had better sit right on. He
will not get a quorum at an evening session.
We have a full Senate here now, and we had
better sit right on.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Maine
will allow me to suggest that I do not believe
it possible to finish the bill by staying here
now, or by coming here to-night, There are
various amendments yet to be offered by com-
mittees. The bill is not yet taken out of the
Committee of the Whole. We shall simply
punish ourselves and. find ourselves without a
quorum if we sit much longer. I stayed last
evening. I make it a habit, to stay always
when 1 can, when the Senate concludes to
remain ; but in my judgment we shall accom-
plish nothing by a recess or attempting to pass
this bill to-night. I am as anxious as the Sen-
ator is to do that: but I think we had better
adjourn at this hour and finish the bill on
Monday ; and if the Senator will allow me, I
will move that the Senate adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine is in possession of the floor.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I rose to make
a suggestion, to obtain the judgment of the
Senate whether they would take a recess or
continue in session. I am not sure what the
sense of the Senate is; and therefore I make
no motion, but ask the Senate to continue in
session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I will make a
motion that the Senate do now adjourn, and
that will test it.
The question being put on the motion to
adjourn, there were on a division—ayes 32,
noes 15.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 29, nays 10 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brownlow, Casserly, Cole, Drake,
Pentot), Flanagan, Fowler, Harlan, Harris. How-
ard, Johnston, Kellogg, McDonald, Osborn, Patter-
son, Pomeroy, Pratt, Jiumsay, liice. Robertson, Scott,
Spencer, Sprague, Stewart, Sumner, Tkurinan, Tip-
ton, Trumbull, and Viclcers—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Conkling, Corbett, Cra-
ein, Edmunds, Hamlin, Ho we, Morrill of Maine, Nye,
Ross, Sawyer, Schurz, Stockton, Warner.Willey, and
Williams—16.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Bayard. Bore-
man, Buckingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Cattell,
Chandler, Davis, Ferry, Gilbert, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hamilton of Texas, Howell, Lewis, McCreery,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Norton, Pool, Bevels,
Saulsbury, Sherman, Thayer,Wilson, and Yates—27.
So the motion was agreed to ; and the Sen-
ate'adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, May 13, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesteuday was read.
adjournment over.
Mr. SENJAMIN. I rise to a question of
privilege. I move that when the House ad-
journs to-day it be to meet on Monday next.
Mr. BUFFINTON and Mr. COBURN de-
manded the yeas and nays.
On ordering the yeas and nays, there were—
ayes ten, not a sufficient number.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion, was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN moved to reconsider the
vote just taken; and also moved that themotion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
corrections of thb journal.
Mr. LYNCH. I rise to a question of privi 
lege. I desire to correct the Journal. I en-
tered a motion yesterday morning to recommit
the bill (H. R. No. 1889) to revive the navi-
gation and commercial interests of the United
States, and it does not so appear on the
Journal.
The SPEAKER. The correction will be
made.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I also desire a correction
in the Journal. The Journal states that the
bill (H. R. No. 1052) to increase the pension
of Miss Annie L. Hayes was passed. _ It was
a substitute reported by the Committee on
Invalid Pensions which was passed.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk reports that
the correction has been made.
Mr. BLAIR, I demand tha regular order.
CBILDREN OP COMMASDElt WILLIAMS.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
