1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5341
regard ; and although he and I may not agree
now, or iti the future, if it is in my power wet
properly to serve him, he has only to command
it. I suppose that to be the sentiment of the
Senate and House of Representatives; I trust
it is the sentiment of as all, and I trust we have
proved it.
In conclusion, Iwill simply say that there are
provisions in this bill which I would have mod-
ified and have otherwise if X could. The votes
of the House and the votes of the Senate, and
those with whom I was called upon to confer
in the conference committee, overruled my
judgment. Taking the bill all Iti all, I have
assented to the report, and have been anxious
to bring it up under such circumstances as
s-hould obtain the deliberate and favorable
judgment of the Senate.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to say only a few
words upon this bill) as I am a member of the
Committee on Military Affairs. There are
some things iii it that I object to; and there
were some things in the bill as presented by
the Senate committee originally, which I
approved very much, that are not here. In
forming an opinion on this bill the Senate
should remember that when Congress assem-
bled last year there was a great furore, if I
may use that word, all over the Country for
reform, and the Army and the Navy especially
were attacked everywhere as being too expen-
sive. Under that pressure the House of Rep-
resentatives presented a bill which was believed
on the part of the officers of the Army to be
very injurious to them; and some of us thought
it was unjust and ungrateful to those who had
served their country faithfully. The Senate
committee tried to amend that bill so as to
make it less unjust to the officers of the Army
and at the same time to make it as little offen-
sive to the public opinion as possible. Since
that time other questions have occupied the
public mind, and i think they have iorgotten
pretty much all about this bill.
To my mind, we made a great error in not
reducing the rank and file of the Army. The
Senate committee did propose in their bill that
the Army, instead of consisting of thirty thou-
sand men, as is proposed in this bill, should
consist of twenty-five thousand men. You
will remember that every man who is enlisted
enlists for a particular number of years._ He
expects either to be promoted or to retire at
the end of his time, or to get out of the ser-
vice, if possible, before it. One ot the great
troubles that 1 have had for two or three years
past is from applications of men in my own
State, who have enlisted and afterward _ bo-
came tired of the service, and who are anxious
to get clear of it. I believe that three fourths
of all the enlisted men would be glad to leave
the Army, at least lor a time, and get back
into the walks of civil life.
It is not so with the officers. _ An officer-
enters the Army with the expectation that he
is to remain in it as long as he lives. I think
my signature has been placed upon the com-
missions of at least a thousand men who have
received commissions, and, so far as I know
them, every man believed that if he lived
beyond the war the country would take care
of him and retain him in the service. Of
course such men feel that a wrong is done
them when we propose to muster them out of
t>]i6 s&rvic©«
Now, a reduction of five thousand in the
rank and file would be equal to a saving of
§5,000,000 a year, and that would pay all the
extra expenses of these officers. Why should
we reduce the compensation of the General of
the Army ? When he received that high office
the impression in the public mind was that he
was to hold it as long as he lived, and that it
was to pay him for such services aswebelierod
no other man had ever performed. So it was
with the Lieutenant General, and the^ circum-
stances have not changed at all. When the
great Sherman took the place of General
Grant the whole country was as much gratified
atid rejoiced that Sherman was made General
as it was when General Grant got that office.
No man in the country who is a patriot, or who
has aheart, or who loveshis country wishes one
dime to be taken from the compensation of
those men. When they die they will leave
nothing to their families from their salaries.
Who ever heard of an officer of the Army
leaving a fortune? I have lived many years,
and I do not remember one. On the contrary,
every day we are appealed to by people whose
fathers have served the country for long years,
and who are themselves here begging almost for
the charity of the Government, because while
their fathers were serving their country the
children were unable to get an education on the
frontier and away on distant posts. I there-
fore would take nothing from them.
Than there is a provision in this bill that all
military and medical storekeepers shall be
mustered out of the service within nine months
from its passage. Why should they be dis-
missed? They are as necessary a set of offi-
cers as any others in the Army, and they have
generally been selected from men who have
been wounded or who served for a long while
in a low position in the Army, and were glad
to get these places to retire upon, with the ex-
pectation that they were going to remain there
as long as they lived. What does it cost for
the whole of them? None of them get a
compensation of more than about fourteen or
fifteen hundred dollars, and yet you propose
to drive that meritorious and valuable set of
men out of the service, just to make a'•reform."
No man dreams that that is going to save much
money to the Government; but it is a change,
and I suppose it will be made. It reminds me
of the housekeeper who gets a new broom and
sweeps every corner and changes the furniture
every day, and believes she is making it look
better. I know at least twenty or thirty of
these men who have served their country for
twenty or thirty years, who are as valuable in
their places and have done as much service as
almost any other set of men; and yet they are
t.o be dismissed without a "thank you." Why
should that be ?
Then there is another section of the bill to
which I call attention :
That no officer of the artillery corps below the
grade of Hold ofiioor shall hereafter ho promoted to
a higher grade before having passed a satisfactory
examination before a board of three artillery officers
senior to him in rank, to be appointed by the Secre-
tary of War.
Here are men who served during the whole
war, many of them as valuable and as skillful
officers as there were in the Army, and yet
possibly because they cannot answer some
technical question they are to be dismissed.
The other day at West Point a young gentle-
man, the son of a Governor of a State of this
Union, that Governor himself a gallant soldier,
and the young gentleman a soldier serving in
the corps of his father, a general, was refused
admission because he failed to tell who com-
manded at some little battle somewhere down
in Georgia or Tennessee, and therefore it was
said he did not understand geography, and he
could not enter West Point. The thing is
absurd. So it will be in this case. Many men
who have reached the grade of major in the
artillery corps will be dismissed because, pos-
sibly, they have forgotten who commanded in
the "most insignificant battle that was fought
in the Union, and because a martinet may be
charged with the examination.
As I said when I rose, this bill was got up under
a wrong impression in the public mind. It was
thought that we must make some reform, and
both the Military Committees acted, as I be-
lieve, in accordance with what they thought
was public opinion, that some change must be
made, and they believed that a change was a
reform. I think another year will give us time
to reflect on this subject. It will give the nub-
lie an opportunity of saying whether these
meritorious officers shall be driven into exile
or whether they shall be supported by the Gov-
ernment which they defended and preserved.
I move, therefore, to lay the bill on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Trum-
bull. ) The Senator from Pennsylvania moves
that the bill be laid on the table.
Mr. WARNER. I ask the Senator to with-
draw that motion for a few moments.
Mr. CAMERON. If the Senator will give
me the floor when he has- concluded to renew
the motion, or if he will make it for me, I will
agree to withdraw it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is withdrawn.
Mr. CAMERON. No ; I do not withdraw
it except on that condition.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us have a vote on the
bill direct.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask for one moment.
. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania declines to withdraw
the motion to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. WARNER. I hope the Senator will
not press that motion. 1 yielded to the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts.
Mr. CAMERON. Will the Senator renew
the motion ?
Mr. WARNER. I will yield the floor to the
Senator to make the motion when lam through.
I shall be brief.
Mr. CAMERON. If you will agree to renew
the motion I will withdraw it.
Mr. WARNER. Then I will renew it if the
Senator insists upon it.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask the Senator from
Alabama to yield to me for a moment.
Mr. WARNER. I do, for a moment.
Mr. SAWYER. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts declined to be interrupted for a ques-
tion that I was going to ask him. He said
that he had received large numbers of letters
from officers in the Army all in favor of this
bill. The question I was going to ask was,
whether it wasinconsistentwith the experience
of the Senator from Massachusetts that Army
officers, like other men, desire to have their
pay raised?
Mr. WILSON. I think that is very much
in harmony with my general experience.
Mr. WARNER. Mr. President, the first
inquiry, I suppose, to be made in regard to
this bill is as to its need, the reason for it. I
believe the only reason urged for it is economy,
with the exception of some very trifling reforms
which are made by the bill in the conduct of
the Army. Now, let us look at it lor a mo-
ment and see what the bill really provides on
the point of economy. The economy must be
in one of the two sections, either in the section
providing for reducing the number of officers,
getting rid of the surplus officers, or in the sec-
tion reducing the number of the rank and file.
Now, sir, I have the authority of the Pay-
master General for saying—and I think the
chairman of the committee has his statement
in his possession—that the effect of the pay
section of this bill is to increase the aggregate
expense for the pay of officers of the Army
between four and five hundred thousand dollars
a year. There is the economy of that pay sec-
tion, taken as a whole. It is to add to the
expenses of the Army in the matter of the sal-
aries of officers to the amount of beween four
and five hundred thousand dollars per annum.
Therefore, it is plain that so far as the officers
are concerned this bill cannot rest upon the
plea of economy.
Bat, again, the section provides that officers
may retire upon a year's pay. I have the
further authority of the Paymaster General
for saying that that section, if the officers arc
retired under it, will cost an expenditure of
§800,000. So that taking the bill together, so
far as it relates to officers, the effect of it is to
j add to the expense for the payment of the offi-
| eers of the Army for the next year, provided
i the surplus officers are gotten rid of under ihis
section, SI,200,000, and to add to it in per-
petuity between four and five hundred thou-
sand dollars. This settles the question as to
