5342
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7,
economy with regard to the payment of the
officers.
Then, if there be any economy in the bill it
is in the reduction of the rank and file of the
Army. That does not take effect until 1871,
and there can be no reform there and no econ-
omy there, and there is no necessity for this
provision for the reduction now, a year iu ad-
vance. Congress is to meet again six months
in advance of that time, and if then it shall
appear to be wise, in the condition of affairs
throughout the southern country and on the
western border, to reduce the Army, it can be
done then as well as it can bo done now. I
submit that the signs of the times are not pro-
pitious, either in the southern country or upon
our western border, to provide for a reduction
of the Army in advance. I submit to the judg-
ment of the Senate that there is nothing in the
condition of affairs in this country to warrant
this swift procedure to reduce the rank and
file of the Army.
I make the statement to the Senate deliber-
ately, and after due .reflection, when I say
that I believe this country in the interest of
economy and of finance alone could better
afford to increase the Army five thousand men
than to reduce it; and I believe that if five
thousand men were added to the force of the
Army in the southern States, by their presence
to preserve order, to insure peace, and to give
freedom to industry, the increased product of
that section of the country would repay the
expense more than tenfold. I think that it
would be a wiser measure rather to increase
than to diminish the Army. But I do not ask
for that; I simply say that it is unwise, without
any sufficient reason, to provide in advance for
the decrease of the Army.
Now, Mr. President, what is the fact in re-
gard to these surplus officers? In brief and
in substance, there are about three hundred
surplus officers now in the Army. Of these,
one hundred and sixty of them—I have it from
the best authority—ought to be retired, and
are deserving to be retired, and could be under
the section of this bill, and would he. That
would leave a surplus of only one hundred
and forty. Of that remaining one hundred
and forty there arc not much less than one
hundred who would be retired for cause ; I
mean for the good of the service. That done,
you have a surplus of but forty officers ; and
that forty will he more than consumed and
absorbed by the ordinary casualties of the
service—the casualties of death, of ordinary
resignations, and of discharges. So that at
the end of the year you would have no surplus
whatever in the Army.
Now, with regard to this matter of holding
civil offices, after the very eloquent remarks
of the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Carpen-
ter,,] I scarcely need say a word. I should
wish that this bill were so amended that retired
officers who have been worn out in the service
of their country, might, if the people saw fit,
hold local State offices. I should be willing
that the bill should be so amended as to debar
them from the right to hold United States
offices, although I should not favor that; but
I say it is unworthy of Congress to deny these
old veterans the right to bo mayors of their
towns, if the people thereof, after they shall i
have returned to their homes worn out in the
public service, see fit to elect them, and thereby
help them to eke out a support for themselves
and their families.
Now, as to this matter of Sunday at Vest
Point, I do not know that it is best—in fact, I
think it is not—to provide as to drills at Vest
Point. But as to the Sunday morning inspec-
tion, let me tell the Senate, if there be any here
who do not know, just what a Sunday morning
inspection is. It is in a regiment, orin an Army
command, just the inspection that the mother
of a family gives to her family on Sunday morn-
ing. It is simply this, as officers about me will
testify—I have been through it many a tnne—
it is for the colonel of a regiment, for instance,
to have his regiment brought out on Sunday
morning, to stack arms and unpack knapsacks;
and then the colonel goes around to every man
and sees that he has on clean clothes, that his
face is washed, that he is clean himself, and
that he has all of his clothes that he took off
on Saturday in his knapsack clean, ready for
Sunday. It is a matter of health; it is a mat-
ter of religion, if cleanliness be next to godli-
ness. It is a means to see that the Sunday is
observed with due respect, and that the soldier
has on the Saturday before washed his clothes
and washed himself, and comes up Sunday
morning, as a Christian soldier ought, clean and
prepared to observe the Sabbath as he ought,
and to prevent his washing his clothes on Sun-
day. That is the plain English of it; and when
you break that down you break down a meas-
ure, whether it be at West Point or in the field,
that is in the interest of good order, of health,
of cleanliness, of religion itself.
Further, there is a dress parade on Sunday
evening, and it is always in the Army held to
be the best parade of the week. Every officer
and every soldier is expected to be on dress
parade at sundown with his very best clothes
on, in his very best attire, with his arms and
accouterments in the very best possible condi-
tion. Neither the inspection nor the dress
parade is at all in derogation of the Sabbath
day, but rather in honor of it. If there are
any other mere drills, I have no objection to
their being prohibited, and I think they ought
to be.
Mr. President, it turns out that all the econ-
omy there is in this bill is simply the little piti-
ful sum which you choose to deduct from the
salaries of Sherman and Sheridan. Whileyou
add to the aggregate pay of officers of the Army
$400,000 at least, perhaps more; while you
propose, without any demand of the Array for
an increase of pay, to take $500,000 from your
Treasury, yet you say you are too poor to allow
ihe pay of these two great officers who are at
the head of the Army to continue at the pres-
ent rate, and you feel compelled by the scanti-
ness of your Treasury to take three or four
thousand dollars from one and two thousand
from the other.
If this were an original question, and you
were fixing the pay of these officers, perhaps
the pay fixed in this bill would be enough;
but. it is the unkindness of the distinction
which is made in this bill that is galling to
those great soldiers, that touches their sensi-
tive pride, that you should increase the pay of
everybody elso to the extent of $-500,000 and
strike at them. Sir, that provision was put in
this bill in no kindly spirit, and it ought not
to be entertained here for a moment.
Sir, disguise it as you may, the pith and sub-
stance of this proposition to reduce the pay
of Sherman and Sheridan is this: "in the
enthusiasm of the war, when we remembered
freshly with gratitude for your services we
fixed your pay; but now that the smoke of
battle has cleared away, and wo have reaped
die fruits of your services, we have calculated
how much you are worth to the country, and
we find that you are not worth as much as we
thought you were, and we will deduct this
much from your pay." It is the spirit of it,
and not the amount deducted, that is so objec-
tionable.
Contrast this with the magnanimous action
of General Sherman, whom you are thus sin-
gling out for an invidious deduction of pay.
Look at what he did for his country. I hap-
pened to be with him during the Atlanta cam-
paign, when Secretary Stanton sent him a
commission as major general in the regular
Army, a position then one of the very highest
in the Army, to which every soldier aspired
with just pride and ambition. Sherman was
then a major general of volunteers, an office
t-> terminate at the end of the war. Stanton,
unasked for by him, sent him a commission as
major general in the regular Army, which he
had a right to suppose would be a life position.
What did this General Sherman do whom you
are now seeking to strip of a little morsel of
his pay? He sat down and wrote a letter,
returning that commission to the Secretary of
War, and said to him, as I know: "I think
my country has done enough for me ; I have
been rewarded for all my services ; take this
bacjt and hold it before the Army as a prize
iu the coming campaigns of Atlanta and the
Wilderness, and let the best soldier, the man
who wins it, take it."
That was the generosity of an individual
soldier of the llepublic, as contrasted with thi3
conduct of Congress. Later iu that campaign,
and after we had crossed the Chattahoochie,
and Atlanta was within our grasp, Stanton sent
that commission back to him, and then Sher-
man said, " Well, perhaps I am entitled to this,
and I will take it." Now, sir, I inquire, in
viewof such a record as that—and it is luit the
key of the man's whole character and course
and conduct throughout the war—if Congress
are prepared to single him out with Sheridan
alone, and diminish their pay?
Sir, the people of the country do not demand
any such thing. Above all they do not demand
that while we are increasing the pay of civil
officers on every hand, while we are increas-
ing to the extent of $500,000 the pay of all
the other officers of the Army, we shall single
out these great soldiers, measure their services
iu a critical gold balance, and strike it, and
say " You are only worth so much," and that,
too, after we have already, as I think unkindly
and ungenerously, said to them, " We do not
propose to continue your offices ; we only con-
tinue them during your lifetime." I know it
can be said, and perhaps truly, that this is a
compliment to these men; that the offices are
continued solely because of their great ser-
vices. I think it would have been a kindlier
action on the part of Congress, representing
this great country of forty million people, not
to have given any intimation to these great
soldiers, who are the pride, of the country and
glorious all over the world, that their services
are not needed, and that their offices are mere
sinecures. 1 think a higher sense of recogni-
tion of their services and of generosity toward
them should have prompted us to give them no
hint that they were occupying superfluous
offices. That would have been my feeling ; and
after they were dead and in their giaves, and
after the nation had gathered about their
tombs, as they did about the tomb of "old
Pap Thomas" the other day at Troy, it would
have been time enough then to have said these
offices are not needed.
But that provision is in this bill, and I hope
that at least at that point we shall stop, and
that we shall not go farther a,nd say, "Although
by grace and as a matter of favor we continue
your offices, yet we cannot afford to pay you
so much.'' The people, I repeat, do not de-
mand any such thing. I know that the people
of this country are willing that the pay of these
men shall remain, even though it may be large,
at what it was fixed at when gratitude for their
services was fresh in the minds of evervbody.
J hey do not ask us to take back anything of
what we did then, and they will ratify the judg-
ment, of Congress if Congress shall conclude
to allow their pay to remain just where it is.
Mr. President, I had hoped that the Senate
would non-concur in this report, and that a new
conference committee would be appointed;
that the objectionable features of this bill might
be stricken out, and that a measure might be
matured in a new committee, saving what is
good in this bill, and striking out the features
that are objectionable. But I vield to the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania, who desire;, to make
a motion.
Mr. CAaIERON. I rise to renew njv motion
to my the report on the table.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to have the
yeas and nays on that motion.
Mr. AI>B01!\ I ask the Senator to give way
tor a moment.
