1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2511
assertion I believe it duo to him as well as to
myself to make, as far as I can, this statement
in reparation.
Now. sir, as to the different classes of goods
which are intended to be provided for in this
paragraph, I agree that on this coarser class
of cotton goods 110 revenue is derived, because
there is no importation. In the class of heavier
cotton goods we compete with the world. We
compete with Great Britain in India and Brazil,
the two great markets for coarse cottons. But
these heavier goods are the class which is worn
by the laboring classes of this country; and in
order to prevent frauds in the other classes, of
which there are large importations, I cannot
consent, for one, to raise the duty that would
bo imposed upon these coarser cloths if they
were imported, because raising the duty would
raise the price, in this, that operating as a pro-
hibition it will leave the price to be fixed by
home competition, protected by the duty. The
very fact that there is substantially no import-
ation of this class of goods seems to me to de-
termine the question beyond all peradventure
that we ought not to legislate to increase the
duty on these coarser goods.
Then again, I want to call the attention of
the committee to the question -whether oil this
great matter of cotton manufactures, where
there has been a large experience in importa-
tions, a large experience in appraisals, and
where all the business of the country has ad-
justeditself to the existing condition of things,
whether it is worth while to make this change
for so small an amount as $37,000 out of the
four or five million dollars of revenue which
are collected from this source. At the proper
time I shall move to strike out this paragraph,
in order to test the sense of the committee as to
the propriety of changing the duties on cotton ;
and if the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Alli-
son] will withdraw his amendment I will make
that motion now.
Mr. ALLISON. I have withdrawn it. but
it has been renewed by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Schenck.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then I
move to strike out the paragraph.
Mr. SCHENCK. The amendment of the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butleii]
is a very material and substantial one, to strike
out the paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion is not now
entertained. Motions to perfect the paragraph
are in order before a motion to strike it out.
Mr. ALLISON. Then I renew my amend-
ment, and the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schexck] can speak upon that.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I was simply about to say
that I accept the reparation offered in there-
in arks made by the gentleman from. Massachu-
setts [Mr. Butleu] in the same spirit in which
I believe it is offered. I felt perfectly confi-
dent, when I challenged investigation long ago,
as to what the result of any investigation into
my conduct as connected with anything im-
peaching my integrity would be, and I am glad
that in the same place and by the_ same gentle-
man by whom an intimation against my repu-
tation was thrown out I have now such a re-
traction which will go to the, country.
I hope the amendment to strike out this par-
agraph will prevail neither now nor at any other
time when it shall be offered in the progress of
this debate, for the reason—and it is in some
sense repeating that which Ibefore presented
that the great object of the change of classifica-
tion is to compel persons to pay honestly the
duties upon the goods they import, which un-
der the existing law they do not do. All are
agreed as to this; the importers are agreed;
the manufacturers know it; custom-house offi-
cers give us abundant testimony in regard to
it. Now. if gentlemen will move to reduce the
cl'assiticatioii we have made, and if the House
will concur in such a change, which 1 hope
they will not, by lowering or raising it, as may
seem to be just and proper, and 1 suppose it
would rather be to lower than to raise the rates
of duty on these different classes, that is a
matter which would not defeat the great object
which the committee had in view in changing
the classification of the rates of duty on these
several articles.
Now, in reply to the argument used by the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler J
in regard to coarse cotton goods. The present
law imposes a duty as low as 3 cents a yard
on plain bleached cottons; but even as low as
that duty is, the production of those goods in
this country is so great and the competition
with the foreign article is so complete that only
$43,000 of revenue was obtained from the duty
on that article. And I do not believe you would
obtain much more revenue from it even if you
were to reduce the duty to 1 cent. Why?
Because our plain common heavy cotton goods
are the best, and they compete successfully
with the foreign article in the markets of the
world; and whether you put the duly up or
down upon the plain common heavy cotton
goods, you will not make any great difference
in your revenue. You then come to a class of
plain bleached goods which give us a revenue
of nearly £1,000,000, at a duty of about 5}
cents per square yard. We propose almost
the same; just the same I may say, for we
propose o cents a yard and 10 per cent, ad
valorem, and 10 per cent, on G cents, the price
per yard, i.s one half of a cent, or 5l cents in all.
Then there is another class of goods which
yield a revenue of §391, and another class
which produces $-190. Both of those classes
we lower; the one from 0 cents to 5 cents per
yard and 10 per cent, ad valorem, and the
other from Cj- cents per yard to 5 cents per
yard and 10 per cent, ad valorem. I do not
ihink there is much gain made there. I think
the present tariff has produced nearly about
the same that this will produce if it shall be-
come a law; perhaps a little less. But the
great thing, far beyond any mere rate which
can be adapted to the one classification or the
other—the great thing accomplished by the
Committee of Ways and Means is that we
simplify the charges upon goods, according as
they are bleached or unbleached or printed,
without going into all this counting of threads,
all these various values, under invoices which
may or may not be false. We guard the rev-
enue against the possibility of frauds, and we
make the whole thing simple. I hope, there-
fore, that gentlemen will confine themselves—
leaving the amended classification as we pro-
pose in this bill—to determining what shall be
the rate of duty under that classification.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Allison, to strike out the
words "and in addition thereto 10 per cent.
ad valorem;" and the amendment was not
agreed to.
The question then recurred upon the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Wisan.-s, to substitute for
the paragraph as amended the following : i
On all manufactures of cotton not bleached, col- '
oicd, stained, painted,or piiiitcd, and noo exceeding ;
100 threads to the sail:! re incli, couiitingtbe warp and
tilling, and exceeding in weights ounces per square
yard, 1 cent i>cr square yard.
On finer a; lighter good-; of like description, not
exceeding 1W thtend-. to the square inch, counting
the warp and filling, 2 cents per square yard.
Oa goods of like Ue-cu lption, exceeding 14U tlireaus
and not exceeding 2>J) Uuoa.U to the square inch,
counting the Wciip ft'id filling,.'Scout-1 per .-uuui'c> ard.
On like £i,o<ls, exceeding Un-C'.i.i, to the i-ciu-ayc
inch, counting the warp and mung, -1 onus } ei &q.uj,rc
5 On all goo-is eaihra-el in the foregoing schedule,
if bleached, there r'.iall be levied, collected, and paid
an additional duty o: o.ie halt oi one cent, per square
vard- and if pi 1:11 ed, painted, colored, or stained,
there shall be levied, collected, and paid a duty ol
It) per cent, in addition to the lates of duty provided
in ibe iWf ailing -cin'dafes: Pro'jitUd, That upon all
nlam woven coltun goods not included in the foro-
goin" schedules, and upon cotton goods ot every de-
peripuon the value oi iviiicli shall exceed lb cents per
square yard, there shall be levied, collected, and^paid
a duty oi 2J per ceni. vujoreui: And prov ilea fur-
ther, That no cotton goods having more than 209
threads to the square inch, counting the warp ana
filling, shall he admittod to a less rate of duty than
is provided for goods which aro of that number of
threads.
The substitute was not agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, ofMassaehusetts. I now move
to strike out the entire paragraph as amended.
The motion to strike oat was not agreed to.
The next paragraph was read, as follows:
On spool thread of cotton, 12 cents per dozen spools-
containing on each spool not more than 200 yards of
thread, and for every additional 100 yards or frac-
tional part thereof in excess of 200 yards on each
spool, 0 cents tier dozen spools; and 30 per cent, ad
valorem in addition to the ahovo rates.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I move to amend this
paragraph so as to restore the provision of the
act of June 30, 18G4, on spool cotton.
Mr. SCIIENCK. 1 ask the gentleman to
allow me to move some amendments to this
paragraph on behalf of the Committee of Ways
and Means.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has the
right to move to amend the paragraph before
the vote is taken upon any substitute for it.
Mr. CLEVELAND. The provision of the
act of June 30, 180-1, is as follows:
" On spool thread of cotton ti cents por doion spools,
containin gon each spool not exceeding 100 yards of
thread, and i&addition theroto lOper cent, ad valo-
rem ; exceeding 100 yards, for every additional hun-
dred yards, or fractional part thereof in excess of
100 yards, 6 cents per dozen and SO per ccnt. ad
valorem."
Mr. SCHENCK. I presume the gentleman
will allow me to offer an amendment designed
to perfect the pending paragraph. Perhaps it
may obviate his objection. I move to amend
the paragraph by striking out in line one hun-
dred and thirty-nine the word " twelve," and
inserting in lieu thereof "six by strikingout
in line one hundred and forty the word "two,"
and inserting in lieu thereof "one by strik-
ing out in line one hundred and forty-two the
word "two," and inserting in lieu thereof
"one:" so that the paragraph will read as
follows :
On spool thread of cotton, 6 cents per dozon spools,
containing on each spool not more than 100 yards of
thread, and for every additional 100 yards or frac-
tional part thereof in excess of 100 yards on each
spool, 0 cents per dozen spools, and 30 per cent, ad
valorem in addition to the above rates.
Mr. CLEVELAND. As I understand, that
amendment will restore in this respect the act
of 186-1.
Mr. SCHENCIv. That is precisely what it
is intended to do.
Mr. CLEVELAND. The objection in my
view to the provision of the bill—and I see that
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means appreciates the force of the objection—
is that it levies upon all spools of thread a duty
of 12 cents per spool, whether they contain less
than lOOyards or more ; so that the poor people
who buy the smaller spools with but little thread
upon tliem pay for them almost as much as
persons of greater means pay for the larger
spools. As the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means has submitted that proposi-
tion, which accomplishes precisely what 1 had
proposed by my amendment, I shall not detain
the committee by making any further remarks.
Mr. SCHENCK. Does the gentleman con-
cur with me that this proposition is a reduction
upon the present law'/
Mr. CLEVELAND. It is a reduction of &
per cent.
Mr. SCIIENCK. The reduction upon the
present law will amount to $38,259.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I do not know how
many dollars it amounts to, nor do I think the
gentleman knows.
Mr. SCHENCK. I mean as compared with
last year.
Mr. CLEVELAND. It is only a reduction
of 5 per cent, ad valorem on those spools con-
taining more than a certain number or^ yards.
I yield to the gentleman from New Xoru, (Air.
Cox. 1 _ .
Mr. COS. Mr. Chairman, I rise to oppose
the amendment. When I first read this bill
