1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
ni?t a1wo,rl^ j1} reconstruction measures
that looks like giving the negro the right to
hold office. Plenty of laws have been passed
here to give him the right of suffrage, but we
have never legislated him into office. Whether
under the constitution which they adopted and
the laws which still remained iu Georgia lie
was entitled to hold office was the very ground
out of which grew up this doubtful legal ques-
tion of which I have-been speaking. In the
debates upon that constitution the chief justice
01 the supreme court, who was one of the
judges who concurred in reversing the decis-
ion of the Legislature, told the people, I am
informed and believe, that undoubtedly under
that constitution the negro would not have the
light to hold office. lie had a different opin-
ion when he came upon the bench, which I do
not mention to his prejudice, because judges
are entitled to change their opinions. °
Well now, Mr. Speaker, this awful mistake
of law must be corrected, and General Grant
proposes that it shall be corrected first by giv-
ing the Governor of Georgia power to convene
the Legislature. Sir, the Governor of Georgia
has had the power to convene the Legislature
ever since her constitution was adopted. What
statesmanship is there in that suggestion ? But
Governor Bullock is careful not to convene
the Legislature, and then it is argued that
because the Legislature has not conformed
to the judicial opinion of Georgia, therefore
the test-oath must be applied to them and the
Army must be furnished to Governor Bullock
to execute this law, as if there was no other
Jj®medy.- Well, see what a remedy there is.
ihe Legislature had declared in the resolution
to which X have alluded that they would con-
form to the opinion of the judiciary, but the
Governor refused to let the question go there.
A collateral question arose at Savannah, and a
decision was made long after the Legislature
had adjourned and gone home. I ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts to tell the House
how a dispersed, adjourned Legislature were
going to conform themselves to a judicial opin-
ion delivered since they adjourned?
General Grant says they must be capitally
executed because they have not conformed to
nfr ^IT1 gentleman from Massachusetts
It' lerJ says the same thing.
Now, I ask some of these modern statesmen
to tell me how the Legislature of a State, dis-
persed all over it as the Legislature of Georgia
has been, is going to conform to what thev
have learned from the judiciary is the law
which they are bound to observe and execute?
Ihe answer we got from the honorable gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Buti.er] was
tbat Governor Bullock told him that he did
not believe if they were convened they would
conform to the decision of the supreme court
or Greorgia. The honorable chairman of the
Committee on Reconstruction in his credulity
believed Governor Bullock, and GovernorBul-
Joek m his credulity does not exercise his
constitutional power to convene the Legis-
lature. This bill says Governor Bullock shall
convene the Legislature. Sir, he has that
power now, and has had it ever since the decis-
ion of the supreme court. Does Governor
xiuilock doubt that the Legislature of Georgia
would conform to that judicial decision? If
??? not sure t'iat t!ley wou'd conform he
would have convened the Legislature long ago,
and have spread their refusal before this House
i j ,countrJ- But he'has been careful to
exclude them from a chance of correcting their
mistake, in order that he might have an oppor-
tunity to spread before this House and the
country the unfounded assertion that they would
not conform to the judicial decision. No man
m this House has a right to say that they would
not conform until you give them a chance to
conform. It is folly, it is nonsense to talk about
its being apparent that they would not con-
torm, when they are scatterd all over the large
•«6j° GeorS'a> an^ have never been per-
mitted to come together since the judgment i
of the judiciary was pronounced. Give them
a chance and then judge them.
"V\ hat does the honorable gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bkgham] propose? He has inti-
mated since this question came up that before
we take the final^ vote upo  the bill he will
move to postpone its lurther consideration until
tue_ third Wednesday in January next, I think,
winch will cover the time when the Legislature
of the State of Georgia is to meet under the
constitution ot thatState. That is an intima-
tion that is most honorable to both the head
anu the heart of that honorable gentleman.
What demand is there for haste? Why not
postpone this bill if we are fair men, if we are
disposed to do what is right? The chairman
ot the Committee on Reconstruction says that
the Legislature of Georgia will not conform to
the decision of the supreme court. I do not
say that they will. I simply say that the chair-
man has no authority to tell us that they will
not conform. We have all the information he
: has f and no man knows whether they will con-
form or not, and it is but two or three weeks
before the question will be decided in re°ular
course, and the gentleman from Ohio t.Mr
Bi.YGJiAir] .proposes that we shall keep our
de^d "t unt'' they have an opportunity to
Noiv, I would like any fair-minded man to
give,us a good reason why that delay should
not be granted to the State of Georgia? Why
push the bill through with this indecent haste''
Ihe gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Bkck]
with his accustomed ability has uncovered this
whole matter; he has shown the country that
it is no sincere desire to get a legal reversal
ot that opinion, but it is to get Governor Bui-
Iock and Mr, Blodgett into the Senate of the
United States. Ay, and the Senate of the
United Slates have stooped from their high
dignity to do this most questionable deed for
that purpose. And we are to be lashed on and
driven on by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Butler] to do this great wrong
which we will some day blush for doing, all
for the sake of putting into the Senate of the
United States this carpet-bagger Bullock and
this man Foster Blodgett.
Sir, the State of Georgia has elected two rep-
utable citizens to the Senate of the United
States ; and if the Senate are lonely and want
good company they have only to let in the pres-
ent Senators from the State of Georaia, Jt is
not necessary to go to Mr. Bullock and Mr.
-Blodgett for Senators from Georgia.
But there is another reason why this bill is to
be passed. The proposed fifteenth article of
amendments to the Constitution of the United
States is in danger, and it is proposed to coerce
this doubtful State ; this State that we cannot
ourselves tell whether it is in or out of the
Union. It is proposed to coerce Georgia into
a ratification of the fifteenth amendment. We
are to torture her into this unseemly ratifi-
cation ; and that is another reason for this j
bill. Now, I say that object is unworthy of the i
American Congress. And this very kind of I
legislation is going to defeat your fifteenth I
amendment. For what is a ratification worth
that is obtained by threats and torture such as
this? It is worth justas much as the footpad's
title to my purse when he has presented his
j pistol and bid me stand—"Your money or your
1 , e!'' . V-hy< sh'< 1 heard one gentleman say
that this is a "condition," and that if Georgia
accepts the condition she is bound by it. Why
sir, 1 accept the condition imposed by the foot-
pad and surrender my purse, but can I not
afterward recover it? Can I not treat the bar-
gain as null because it is made per minus 9 Is
there no such principle in thelawastheinvalid-
^ty °lProeeeding performed under duress?
Conditions ! What sort of a condition? Aeon- !
cation that involves the corporate life of this
^a,te' v^le fie™and made of that State is, s
" Your life or this ratification!" Is that the '
kind of ratification that the Constitution of
the United States contemplates? What has '
Congress to do with imposing conditions upon
States in the matter of ratifyinga constitutional
amendment. All that the Constitution gives
Congress the power to do in this regard is to
propose amendments for the free and inde-
pendent action of the States.
But if we propose ail amendment and at the
same time say to a State •' If you do not ratify
this amendment we will put you to death," and
if the State under such circumstances does ratify
it, I hold that the ratification is good for noth-
ing. If you get a ratification of the fifteenth
amendment under this bill I trust there is virtue
enough in the judiciary of this land, notwith-
standing thethreats thatareaimed at them from
the other end of the Capitol, to declare that
the whole thiugis void for the very reason which
actuates gentlemen of the majority of this
House in passing this bill. I believe that the
judiciary will be compelled so to declare, and-
I trust they will so declare.
But, sir, suppose that you.do secure the rati-
fication of the fifteenth amendment. I have
never had an opportunity to unpack my heart
on that fifteenth amendment. There are one
or two things I want to say in regard to it, and
I will say them now, for I suppose I shall
never have a better chance. When Mr. Bout-
well brought in that amendment he allowed
me ten minutes_ to talk about it. but at that
time we did get into the core of the matter.
1'he people of this country think that this
fifteenth amendment has for its object the estab-
lishment of negro suffrage all over the country.
In the South the people are rather inclined to
^PPort it, because they say, "The people of
the North have forced negro suffrage on us,
and this amendment will force negro suffrage
on them." Iri the North we contemplate this
fifteenth amendment as the negro suffrage
amendment; we speak of it as such: the pub-
lic mind recognizes it as such. Now, sir, there
is a second section to this fifteenth amendment,
and it is like the postscript of a lady's letter-
it contains more substance than all the rest It
provides that—
b;;cpZSfi^iLp„o^erto enw thisarti^
This is the part of the fifteenth amendment
which the State of Missouri, I believe, forgot
w'f,ler western States failed to ratify it.
Well, if Missouri or any other State neglected
to ratify that second clause consciously and
intentionally I should do such a State  reat
lotior1 for that section is the most fatafstab
that has ever been aimed at human liberty
U hen that amendment shall be ratified, when
lis Congress shall have power to pass all laws
they may deem necessary for regulating the
suffrage of tins country, when they can send
heir satraps into every election district in this
coantiy, then there is an end of the liberties
of this people i.nd that amendment is designed
in t ££ °f "s/r™ ^ the lastXw
the coffin of American liberty. , The then
whoton ht"t?IaSThr^S' Mr"
nfth T g and wto ls now at the head
of the ireasury Department, declared on intro-
ofTi^ !t WaS tlle ^na' consummation
ot d series of measures that tha ur
party had contemplated. That waf the "cT"
fnZf011-" 7And.the
StaSfofZnUm?otth;tn„ki,,g aTOy fl'°m Ule
^em by the Constitatio^
hl&P SUffrage'  dvesLngit wLt:
political poweHir this ®°ns?lid.fttin.K the entire
this FederarGovernine^0 That°f
mg of the fifWntk i ''!e meati-
relson why Mas achn!DH and tllat is the
t° get it ratified 18 S,!ch hot !laste
g«i"aStoai„hureetto Clearly ll0w k
gresh regulate ev,"' i"^' t0l?ar? thi? Co'"
country. And I X P110" district in the
amendment is adontSft t!'?i flfteeniil
man fmin \r °Ptxcl the honorable gentle-
man «iom Massachusetts [ilr Bc'Trrrtl  
a genera, electioi law to r"ifeie all '
