1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
553
41st C5ong....2d SfisC;
Louisiana Contested Election—Mr. Kerr.
Bo. of EepS,
,l Answer. No, sir.
"Question. You just thought it best to havo peace,
and live there quietly, and so you joined the Demo-
cratic party? #
"Answer. Yest sir. j
Mr. Stevenbon also put in evidence the following j
editorial article from the paper ot May 23,1868: i
Extract from the Planters? Banner of May 23,18(38. \
KukIvx Klaxiaka.~.3/i% Editori There is mUch i
excitement among thenegroe?,and even some of the |
•white folks, all over Attakapas, about theKukluxeS
that have lately appeared in this country. I am not
.superstitious, and will not tell you what I believe
about these strange, ghostly appearances, but will
give you some general items and rumor?.
The negroes have entirely deserted one prairie in
Attakapab since the election, having been run out by
the Kukluxes. , , .
The negrofcs of hi Fayette Jnuish we?e lately
nearly all of them preparing to leave, the Iv. K. i|
K.'s having frightened them every night and car- j;
ried off a carpet-ba^gor from Illinois. One negro, a J
big-talking Kadical, somewhere in the parish of St. !;
Martin, was lately carried off by these confederate i;
ghosts at night, and has never been heard of since. jj
A night traveler called at thenegro quarters,some- ;;
■where in Attakapus, and asked for water. Alter he \\
had drank three blue buckets full of good cistern n
water, at which the negro wa4 much astonished, he
thanked the colored man arid told him he was very
thirsty, that he had traveled nearly a thousandmiles -j
in twenty-four hours, and that was rhe be^tdrink ot ''
water he had had since he was killed ntthe battle :
of Shiloh. The negro dropped the bucket, tumbled f
over two chairs and a table, escaped through a ba^k •
window, and has not since been heard from, lie
was a Radical negro. , j
White men on white horses have lately oeen seen |
Failing through theairatinidnightatPaitersoiiviile,  
Jeanerette, and at various places all over the south- ,
ern part of this State* !
If negroes attempt to run away from the K.&. K. s I
these spirits always follow them, and catch them, and ;
no living man ever hears from them again.
The leader of this new order is said to be per- t
fectly terrible. Ho is ten feet high-, and his horse h ;
fifteen. He carries a lance and ashield like those cf ;
Goliah of the Philistines* t
The last troop of the confederate spirits in- ;
formed a-friendly negro that they lett 2\ ashville about I
twelve hours before, and when they returned tliey
weregoingtoeraporateold Browxlow. They would
have done it before, but the devil was not prepared
to receive the Governor of Tennessee and Thad.
Stevens, so they had to wait; ~ „ y „
A few nights a?:o a K. K. K. alighted in iiont oi
^ouie cabins and gave four raps on the door. The
colored head of the family made his appearance.
"Any carpet-baggers in this neighborhood?" said
the frowning ghost. "No, snh," snid the negro.
"Any yellow hcketsin this cabin?" "No, sah;" was
the reply. Taking off his head* and hai'dius )tto ibe
colored gentleman, "Please hold my head while 1
tighten this cork leg; I lost one leg when I wa«
killed at Shiloh." The negro fainted and has nut yet
«*ome to his senses.
One of the K. K. K.'s lately dismounted at the
door of a club-room where some carpet-baggers
were giving bad advice to a house full of negroes.
Rapping lufcdly at the door with the butt oi hts
*&hlp, he was admitted. The C. B.'s were paralyzed.
" Hold on a minute," said the ghost, " till I tarn this
Fcrew and let a little more power into this steam
arm, and I will clean out these white devils who are
giving yon black people bad advice, and will not
leave a bone unbroken in their bodies." IheC.-b. s
went out like chimney swallows, and scaled tne
feiccs !iko cniotcen thieves. ^ i
Mr. Kditor. I have enough items of tao aooye
character to fill the columns of the .Banner; but tae
above will Go tor the present.
K. iv. K.
Attakapah, May 20, 1S03.
*% Question. Do vou recollect this last article?
"Answer. Yes, I recollect something about u. _
" Question. 1 want to knowwliy you published it.
"Aivsioer. To my recollection, it was a lancilUi.
sketch that was gotten up. That is all I know about it.
*'Question. Was there anything in the paper id
{hut date snowing that it was not a true statement/
"Ansicer. I do not, recollcct. It is purely a ianci-
ful sketch, which X do not suppose any sen.-ibiC man
would take to be anything else. , . .
" Question. You did not^publish anything m tao
panel' denying the truth of it?
" Answer. I did not think it necessary.
" QuektioH. Do you not know that that i.rticle was
road from your paper by the Democrats ill your
!>aiish to tho colored men there genera!iy, ami that
it was used to cxcito and alarm them ?
"Aufwrr. No,til; Ido not know any tlung a boutii.
"'Jrtestion. J_)id yon never hear astatement to that
If I did I do not recollect it. I never
ui.i'W a sensible mini who thought it anything moi c
i h;ni a faneilul sketch.
" {j!nation. Bui you ever see a sensible man who
nel'eved U>at there was such an organization as the
V'0lj w'ccr. X never pawascnsibloman who believed
ihat. anything ot the kind existed in thH country.
They may have supposed it was in Texas,
your paper of September 2,1868, in part of ■tfhich yon
use this language.
"'By ourselves our population would be peaceable
and happy. But vilest of incendiaries are in our
midst. The vilest of passions are daily and nightly
appealed to. But these appeals would be compara-
tively harmless if the white men of St. Mary would
all of them aWake from their slumbers and prepare.'
" State upon what ground you base that statement
as to incendiary appeals, &c.
"An*:iqer. There .were Radical speakersthrmtghou*.
our parish—Mr, Wickliffe, now State atidifcor, and
some others—who made the 22ost tiolent appeals to
the passions of the negroes, telling then! of the way
they had been whipped in times past, and making
the most violent statements, calculated toarousethe
negroes to hatred of tho white people. They becamo
so violent that it was necessary for the white people
to arm. The Radicals told the negroes they were
ten to our one* and that they were strong enough ro
run over us without atiy resistance on our part. We
thought it necessary to show that they could not run
over us without danger. It was for that piirpo-se we
armed. It was these appeals, many of them pcrlectly
fiendish, which created this state of affairs. I recom-
mended the arming of the white peoplo simply to
preserve peace.
" Question. State whether in that parish, or else-
where, during the last year, it was not the habitual
practice of the Democratic party, and its leaders, to
appeal to the colored men for their suffrages in the
ordinary way of making such appeals.
"Ansxcer. Yes, sir; they were invited to attend
Democratic meetings and barbecue®, and to bear
Democratic speeches. At one barbecue during the
campaign there were six or seven hundred negroes
present. I think they killed some twelve or four-
teen beeve", and furnished a very large amount
of bread, and chartered two steamboats, gave the
negroes a free passage, and treated them with tho
utmost kindness, and appealed to them as they woul-1
to White inen**'
Parish of I entiiiion,
"I. L. Taneey:
"I reside in Vermilion parish, I have been living
there over two years. 1 hare been livics in this
State twelve or thirteen years." * * *
; "oo far as I can learn, 1 think there were less mur-
ders committed since the war than there were belore
1 in that, parish, (Vermilion.)"
"Daniel Bryan:
"I live in the parish of Vermilion. I have lived
,! there since I was born. Before the war I was &
, Democrat. I participated in therebellion as an en-
' j'ollina: ofiieers Since the war I have been practicing j
; law. MypuliticaiassociadonskavcbeenDomocratie. !
I have not held any Office since the war, I took an
i: active part in the last political canvass in tne pu'n-:n j
1 where I live.
■ 1 "Question. What was the conciUion of the parish as
to neace and order during the several months pro-
cecfmg tho November election?
"Awsuer. It was quiet and peaceable. Tnere was
. no disturbance of any kind that Could be canea a
' disturbance. It was entirely peaceable, so far as
' politics was concerned. The canvass was conctucteu
; on the part of the Democratic party wiih a view to
obtaining, if possible, the votes ot the people, both
!- black and white. Invitations were given to allpar-
li ties to come to barbeeuesand other public meetings,
'! with a view to discuss the questions of the day pro
and con. Persons outside of the Democratic party
;! were invited to speak at those meetings. The meet-
!, ii>2ts weic mixed as to color, and were addressed both
I by" black and white people. At the barbecues tho
II colored people were invited to eat. la hies were pre-
I! oared and provisions were prepared for every one,
•; white and black. After the dinner was over the
/ colored people filled their baskets and carried t.iein
; | home full of provisions. I met them on tne road
: mvself going home with provisions. The Democratic
party cultivated the suffrages and good opinions ci
1 the colored men. I had men myseli, and 1 aauressed
!! them and illustrated the fact to them that the Deino-
,! cratic party had held its convention'a tc-w days be-
!. fore and hadpassed resolutions pledging them&e v<cS
■' to maintain tho legal rights of the colored race,
u "Question. In those legal lights did theyinciuue
1 the right of suffrage? #
i' " insirn-. The resolution as passed by the conwn-
lion says ail 'legal rights.' I understood that to
: embrace the right of suihagc. ^ I think that the col-
al
there were in the parish beforo the election, but *
knew there were several. There wefts not many a*
that time? I only knew of two who did universalis'
and from the Very outset proclaim themselves as be-
longing to the Democratic party. Those wore known
to me previous to the election for the adoption or
rejection of tho constitution* I took ao active part
in that contest. Colored men attended our ineet-
ings in great numbers. On one occasion whern x
dressed them I think there was an etju-al number oi
colored and of white. The population of oer parish
Sparse. We have about one thousand electors/blacfe
and white. The chief businessof the parish is plants
ing and btoek-raisn.g. I do not know of one.coToreci
man who was discharged on account of polities* o*'
who was threatened to be discharged if he did not
vote the Democrats® ticket, i did not hear of any
one being discharged after the election. ^ ihe col-
ored people aio treated very kindly by toe whites.
Mr. Bailey was nominated for Congress in this city.
I was at both conventions. There was a convention
to nominate presidential electors at the same time,
arid to select members of Congress. The same sets
of delegates performed both duties fcyfabdmdiiue
into districts.y
"Paulin yontelieu;
441 reside at A bbeviHe, in the parish of Vermilion.
I keep a billiard saloon, bar-room* audlivery stable.
I am acquainted with the people of that parish. I
come in contact with them a great deai._ I he last
election was very quiet in that town. That is the only
place in the parish where there is generally any fustf
about elections. There was only one ^Kturbancc?
there, and that was of a perconal character, between
the clerk of the court and Mr. Pauscy. Mr. x agsey
reports himself to be astrong Democrat, and tooS ai|
active port in tho canvass on that side, ihe colore#
men went and voted as they wanted to. Ido not know
of any intimidation being used to control their votes.
There was no Republican elub that I know of m the
parish previous to the election. Acolored man tried
to organizeone, butdidnotsucceed, as there were no
B epublieans to be found there. I do not know that
any Itepublicacs were insulted or threatened m the
^ " I am not much of a politician, and did not take?
any active part in the last election. I am t^enty--
four vears of age. T'Gcre was only one barbecue m
the parish during the canvass, and that ^ as a Dem-
ocratic barbecue. There were more colored people
than white people at it. Ihe colored people and the
white people made speeches from the eamo^tami.
I was a member of the order of the Knights or tne
White Cameiia. I believe the ordernunibered three
or four hundred in the whole parish. They had ih*
arms excent their private areas/ I beard Irom a col-
ored rov of mine about a company of young mez 
pppearirg in Abbeville one night v?th eigar-bose3
<i^ed upon their heads. This colored boy knewthem,
lie win not the Wast afraid. There were rto Repub-
lican votes east in the parish. Thcr* were Xepub-4
lican votes cast the April election, out that Was ar 
election tor parish officers, and was a personal rn3- -
ter. During tho } « election there was no election-
eering done^on the part of the Pk-epublican party. A
negro named Smith came there and called the negroes
together on Sunday morning, and made aspeeca to
them. 1 do not recoilec; how many votes the con-
stitution got in the spring. ^ * *i, ♦
"Question. How do you account lor tae xact tnaf
those who voted for the constitution in tho spring did
not vote for General Grant at the last election !
"Anhicer. I suppose because they would rather vo^e
I for Seymour and Blair." * " " *
"Question. IIow does the condition of tbrags since
the war down to the last November election compare
with the condition ot things in that parish prtf>r tc
the war, as regards peace and order?
"Aniicer. There is avery great dittercncc betwecr#
now and before the war. Before the war it was very
difficult to stay there, and now it is a very peaceable
place, and isgrowing moropeaceabic every day. In
18G5 it was rather rough, especially on bunaays.
There was more disorder in that place bciore tae war
than there has been siucc "
■i I do not know of any actsoi violence or intimidation
i; on the part of Democrats toward eolm'ca men to
'! induce them to rote the Democratic tioKet. Un ttie
i! contrarv, kindness and pei«uasion v.eie -lie only
:: means I knew to be used. There are more wuua
! than blacks in the parish. I thinthero aic ttyo
ivhite voters to one black voter, inere ivas no col-
- orcd Democratic organisation tilers until a short
I; time previous to tho election. _ ihe Uamocra.iccon-
: vcniion sat in this city. I tlini^ it was 111 October.
1 X was a member of that convention, ft was aliei
.t rt H v n PMTlV.fSS I'OtllillCSC1
It ivas
"Question. An aiticlehasfccenrutincvidenccfroin n X cannot tell how many Duinocr
to come to my p;.u=n <■">.    - - -.
there. One of thcra went X know, and othei  al o
camo, but I do not know if they were irom^th.s cm.
1 o.an-nnt. tell liow many Democratic eolored men
4'XoW Obleaxs, .7<mc2-i,lSGfl.
"David Prank:
"I live in Vevmilion parish. I am thirty-sis years
of age. I have lived here since 1S3>. I came here
from G-ermany. I was in tne war—on the confeder-
ate side. I wa* con^crlptLvl. Jiincc the war 1 aave
acted with the Democratic party. I was in the par-
ish la^t year between the April and the November
f'k'Ciions. I live at Abbeville, the parish seat, and
know alino^t/dl the people iu thepansn. Iattended
some DrmociMiic meetings and Garoecue^-. ii.ere
were colored men at those barbecues, ihey were
addressed by both black and white-. I saw i'O un-
kindness toward them. Tne \yhi^-s and the biacKs
ate together. There was no liquor ca tao ground;
nothing bur bread and meat and water. I did not
see any unfair means u>ed io ra.iiie toe colored men
vote the Deuioerau" ticket—nothing but talking to
them and making speeches to them, telling taem it
was to their interest to vote the Democrauc tic^ci.
Good order prevailed in that parisa during the can-
vas. Thevc were no disturbances on account ot
politics. 1 did not hear ot anybody being abused,
liogcrcd, or maltreated on account ol pontics, i vote-t
on the 3 1 oi Xoveruber at the cnurt-h"u>e in Abbe-
ville. There w:i< very good order there tna>. day.
There was no disturbance ot any kind, hveiy pub-
lic house in the town was shut up. It was quieter
than at any election before the war. Colored people
