1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1567
to turn away from its offensive offspring. By
the subsequent admission of a colored lawyer
to practice at its bar, this decision was buried
out of sight, to be remembered only as a warn-
ing and a shame.
The vote on this question will be an historic
event, marking the triumph of a great cause.
From this time there can be no backward step.
After prolonged and hard-fought battle, begin-
ning wiili the Republic, couvulsing Congress,
and breaking out in blood, the primal truths
declared by our fathers are practically recog-
nized. All men are created equal, says the
great Declaration, and now a great act attests
this verity. To-day we make the Declaration
a reality, for a long time a word only, it now
becomes a deed. Fjor a long time a promise
only, it now becomes a consummated achieve-
ment. The Declaration was only half estab-
lished by Independence. The greater duty
remained behind. In assuring the Equal Rights
of all we complete the work.
No man acts for himself alone. What he
does, whether for good or evil, is felt in widen-
ing circles, according to the measure of his
influence. This is true of the Senate, whose
influence is coextensive with the Republic, and
reaches even beyond its growing confines.
What the Senate doetf now will be followed by
other bodies and associations. As the greater
contains the less, so does the Senate contain
all these everywhere throughout the land. In
other places there may be a brief struggle, but
the end is certain. Doors will open, exclu-
sions will give way, intolerance will cease, and
the great truth will be manifest iu a thousand
examples. Liberty and Equality were the two
express promises of Our fathers. Both are now
assured. And this is the glory of the Republic,
before whose mighty presence, radiant with
justice, kings and nobles must disappear as
the ghosts of night at the morning sun, while
the people, with new-found power and majesty,
take their place.
What we do to-day is not alone for ourselves,
not alone for that African race now lifted up;
it is for all everywhere who 6nifer from tyranny
and wrong; for all everywhere who bend be-
neath the yoke; for all everywhere who feel
the blight of unjust power; it is for all man-
kind ; it is for God himself, whose sublime
fatherhood we most truly confess when we
recognize the Brotherhood of Man.
Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President, the object
of my asking to have the resolution reported a
few minutes ago was to attempt to call the
attention of the Senate to the extraordinary
character of this debate. Here are credentials
presented from the State of Mississippi of a
man whose name is Revels, and the signature
appended to the paper is " Adelbert Ames,
Provisional Governor and Brevet Major Gen-
eral." I want to know what authority the
Senator from Massachusetts who spoke some
time ago £Mr. Wilson] had for saying that
this man is a black man. I want to know
what authority the Senator from Missouri [Mr.
Drake] had for saying that he is an octoroon.
I want to know what authority any of these
Senators on this floor have got to make charges
of that character against Mr. Revels. [Langh-
ter.] There is no such evidence before the
Senate, and you have no right to consider it.
What, then, is the meaning of it? Is it that
you propose to admit him, not because he is
the choice of Mississippi, but because he is a
black man? Is that the point? Are you to
admit him not because ne is chosen by the
State of Mississippi as a Senator of the United
States, but because he is a black man? If he
were a white man you wonld refer these cre-
dentials as I have asked you to do.
Now, I ask Senators what have we to do with
all these arguments ? I ask Republican Sen-
ators what have we to do with the Dred Scott
decision or anything of that kind ? The Con-
stitution of the United States makes every one
of you, gentlemen, sitting here now on this
question, a judge, on your oath, and you mast
actas judges, and just as conscientiously. Now,
I ask youtwhether if this was not a black man
you would not refer these credentials and
inquire whether he was a citizen of the United
States, upon the suggestion that he might not
be? I have simply asked that the Judiciary
Committee inquire and report whether he is a
citizen. I have simply asked that they inquire
and report whether he was an inhabitant of
the State of Mississippi at the time of his elec-
tion. I merely want to know whether he has
the legal qualifications required of a Senator.
I stated frankly and fairly, in response to a
question from the Senator from Nevada [Mr.
Stewart] this morning, that if he had the
requisites which our Constitution requires I
would give him my vote. Now, I intend to
act fairly; I do not mean to say that I will
give him that vote on the report of the com-
mittee, because I may differ from the committee
on the facts they shall present; but I do say,
satisfy me that that man has a right to come
in, and neither myself nor any Senator on this
floor has anything whatever to do with the
choice of the State of Mississippi. Why, sir,
that is Democratic doctrine, that is State rights
doctrine. The State of Mississippi must have
her free choice, and I will insist upon it on
every occasion that every State in this Union
Bhall herself choose her two Senators.
Mr. NYE. Will the Senator yield for a
single question ?
Mr. STOCKTON. Certainly.
Mr. NYE. What right has the honorable
Senator from New Jersey to claim that this
man is not a citizen, and not an inhabitant of
his State, and hence raise this question ?
Mr. STOCKTON. I do not claim that he
is not a citizen.
Mr. NYE. Then why do you want his case
referred ?
Mr. STOCKTON. I want it referred be-
cause the suggestion is made that he is not a
citizen; it has been made in the papers and
has been made on this flooi'. It is proper when
there is a doubt 011 thai; point, and when this
State, according to your reconstruction acts,
is just now being admitted into the Union, to
inquire whether this man has been properly
elected and whether he is eligible.
But, Mr. President, perhaps Senators will
pay a little attention to the Constitution of
Mississippi. The constitution of Mississippi,
which they have just approved of by admitting
the State under it, provides that "The Gov-
ernor shall be at least thirty years of age, shall
have been a citizen of the United States twenty
years, and shall have resided in this State two
years next preceding the day of his election.''
You have, I understand, referred the creden-
tials of Mr. Ames. This resolution asks you
to inquire before you admit Mr. Revels whether
he has the proper credentials. As I said the
other day, there was a time in this Senate when
the Senate could judge for themselves what was
the proper evidence of a man's election, but
that time has passed. You passed in 1866 an
act declaring what should be a Senator's muni-
ment of title. You passed an act which made
one thing evidence of it, and one thing only,
in these words:
" It shall be the duty of the Governor of the State
from which any Senator shall have been chosen as
aforesaid to certify his election under the seal of
the State to the President of the Senate of the U nited
States."
Now, sir, yon are the President of the Sen-
ate of the United States; and you have this
paper, no doubt; and I read to you that the
Governor shall be at least thirty years of age,
shall have been a citizen of the United States
twenty years: and you refer the credentials of
Mr. Ames, who signs this paper as provisional
governor, and when I ask you in this resolution,
before you admit this negro, to find out whether
Mr. Ames's certificate is good, and show you
the constitution of Mississippi, do you intend
to refuse it?
Mr. STEWART. What is the evidence of
his being a negro ?
Mr. STOCKTON. We have no evidence
whatever of his being a negro, as I still insist.
I do not object to him because he is a negro;
butl tell you, just as the allegation is made
against General Ames that he is nota resident,
and on the same testimony exactly, common
report. I ask that this question be examined
into by the committee.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Will the honorable
Senator allow me to make a suggestion ?
Mr. STOCKTON. CertainlyT
Mr. SAULSBURY. As 1 yesterday argued
against the admission of this negro man to a
seat here on the ground that he was a negro, I
wish to suggest to my honorable friend that
there is evidence that he is of African descent;
and that evidence would be evidence in a court
of law the personal inspection by the court
of the individual. [Laughter.]
Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President, I have
said all that I intended to say. In rising I only
desired to call the attentiou of the Senate to
the manner in which the debate had wandered
from my proposition and to let them understand
what they were to vote upon. That was the
only object I had in rising. I had no wish to
make a speech.
But now I have one word more to say in
regard to what has been said on this floor. I
do not refer merely to remarks made to-day,
bat to other remarks of the same kind that
are constantly made in this body. We are
well aware that there are only nine or ten
Democrats in this Senate. We may be as feeble
in power and ability as we are in numbers, a3
the Senator from Missouri intimated; but,
Mr. President, we represent sovereign States,
and we ought to be treated with respect. We
are not treated so. When the Senator from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Scott] charges the whole
Democratic party with being rebels, you have
no right to ask me to sit in a body where your
laws prevent me from telling whether it is true
or untrue in the only becoming language. I
have never, since I have been a Senator in
this body, used an unkind word or a disre-
spectful word to any Senator here; and yet
when a Senator makes that general charge
against the Democratic party, libeling and
slandering the glorious young Democrats who
rushed to the front in the hour of danger, your
rules prevent me from answering it as they
would expect me to answer it.
Mr. President, the State that I represent
never was in rebellion, and never sympathized
with rebellion; and without any draft, from the
first to the last of the war, she did her full dnty
to this Government, and she did more, ller
sons did not leave the Democratic party be-
cause they feared it would come into a minor-
ity, because they feared that during the war it
might be a minority party. They did not run
away from it as they would from a siuking ship.
They stuck to it amid the storm and trouble,
and they stand by it still. Why ? On what
principle? If it had not been for that old
Democratic party, if it had not been that they
remained faithful to the Constitution all through
the storm of the war, you would have found
yourselves when the war was over without any
Government, and without any Constitution;
and that I say with all respect to the party on
the other side of the Chamber, and without
imputing an intention on their part to delib-
erately destroy the institutions of the country.
But yon know, gentlemen, the use of a minor-
ity party. Our business was to stand sternly
and watch your course and point out to the
people whenever you attempted during the
emergerffcies of the war to forget that what we
were fighting for was to save the Constitution
and the country, to have the Union; and now
five years have elapsed and we have not the
Union yet. This great party that is so large
that its members on this floor deplore the fact
that we are not here in greater numbers, this
party that is so powerful in the country, have
not been able to restore the Union in five years
after the war was over.
