34S6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOfiE.
May 13,
act approved the 16th of January, 1857, en-
titled "An act to amend an act to promote the
efficiency of the Navy."
Mr. KELSEY. J hope we will have some
explanation of the facts in this case.
Mr. FERRY. There is an elaborate report
of all the facts now upon the Speaker's table,
but to save the time necessary to have that
report read I will make a brief statement of
the reasons for the passage of this joint reso-
lution. Captain Lyneh was retired from the
active list of the Navy on the simple charge of
having committed an indiscretion. The testi-
mony shows that the charge was exceptional.
The examination was imperfect and incom-
plete. His record exhibits thirty-one years
of useful and gallant service in the Navy. _ He
has been twice promoted while on the retired
list for meritorious conduct. The Committee
on Naval Affairs unanimously recommend his
restoration. The proof is strongly in his favor,
not only as a man, but as an able officer ; and
■with the record he has so deservedly won,
placing him in the front rank of naval officers
for gallant and meritorious service, together
with the fact that he has devoted so many
years of a life so nobly spent for the defense
and benefit of the country, I cannot believe
any objection will now he pressed to the pas-
sage of the resolution of restoration. I there-
fore demand the previous question on the pas-
sage of the joint resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered. , ...
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and, read a third ,time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed j
and also moved that the motion to.reconsider
he laid on the table.
The latter motion waa agreed to,
QBOROB. M. 8MITII.
Mr. STEVENS, from'the same eoWrniUese,
reported back the joint resolution (H. R. No.
123) allowing late acting Ensign George M.
Smith a share in certain prizes captured by the
United States steamer Aries, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass.
The joint resolution was read, , It declares
that late acting Ensign George M, Smith, of
the United States steamer Aries, who was cap-
tured January 7, 1864, on the coast of South
Carolina, while in the discharge of his duties
and belonging to that vessel, is entitled to re-
ceive his share of alt prizes' captured by that
vessel during the time of his imprisonment,
and that his name shall be considered as being
enrolled upon the ship's books the same as
though he had been temporarily absent.' The
joint resolution further authorizes the Secre-
tary of the Navy, if the money for said prizes
or any of them nas already been distributed,
to order payment to be made from the moiety
then belonging to th6 United Stated.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed. _ /•
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vat?
by which the resolution was- passed.; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. STEVENS, the acc6m-
panying report upon this case was ordered to
be printed in the Globe, and is as follows;
Report in case of Geotge 21. Smith.
Tho facts in this case areas follows: Acting: Ensign
George M. Smith was attached to ana doing duty
on board the United States steamer Aries, off Wil-
mington, North Carolina, in 1863 and 1864.
He was captured by the enemy after destroying
a valuable blockade-runner called the Dare, Jan-
uary 7.1864, having been sent out from his vessel
for that purpose, after the vessel had been beached.
His orders were to board her* and if possible get her
off; failing to do that, to destroy her; which latter
purpose ho accomplished. A heavy sea running at the
time, his boat was capsized and he was captured by
the enomy. and held as a prisoner by them over ton
months. In the mean time his vessel, the Aries,
, had captured and assisted in the capture of several
! prizes, and Mr. Smith, after bis release, mado duo
application for his share of the prize-money in pro-
cess of distribution to the officers and crew of his
vessel. The accounting officers were compelled, as
they state, to refuse his application, on the ground
that the law provides "that only those shall sharo
who are doing duty on board and borne upon the
books of the ship." The case was referred to the
law officer of the Navy Department, who reported
that under the prize act ot 30th June, 1864, section
ten, Mr. Smith was not entitled to any share in the
distribution on the ground before stated, remarking
that "it was unfortunate that the prize act makes no
j provision for a caso liko this," and recommending
! legislation.
1 Under the circumstances of thecase, and believing
> that this officer should not, through the misfortune
' of an imprisonment, occasioned by tho faithful dis-
i! charge of his duty, be deprived of the benefit ofcap-
1 tures from the enemy in which his comrades shared,
; the Committee on Naval Affairs report back the bill
I for his relief referred to them, and recommend its
passage by the House.
JOSHUA ISISIIOP.
Mr. STEVENS also, from the same com-
mittee, reported a joint resolution (H. Ii. No.
285) in favor of Joshna Bishop, late lieutenant
commander of the United States Navy; which
was read a first and second time.
The question was on ordering the joint res-
olution to be engrossed and read a third time.
The joint resolution authorizes the President
of the United States to nominate, and by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate to
reappoint, Joshua Bishop, late lieutenant com-
mander in the United States Navy, to the place
from whioh he was dismissed.
Th^* joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table..
The latter motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. STEVENS, the accom-
panying report upon this case was ordered to
be printed in the Globe, and is as follows:
Jtevort of the Committee of Naval Afi'airs on the House
of Hepresentatives on the ease of Joshua Bishop, late
lieutenant commander United States Nqvv.
The oommittee having considered the case, report
as follows:.
This officer entered the service in September, 1854,
at Annapolis, Maryland, and graduated No. Gin his
class in 1858, at which time ,he entered tho active
service, and served on various vessels to the entire
satisfaction of all his commanding officers. Ho
served during the war with credit, being one of the
naval officers from tho southern States who, not-
withstanding tbo pressure of surrounding and ad-
verse influences, remained true to tho Union. In
May, 1867, he was executive officer on board the
United States steamer Wyoming, then belonging to
the Asiatic squadron, under tho command of Lieu-
tenant Commander C. C. Carpenter. On the 31st of
thatmonth Mr. Carpentersuspended him from duty,
but on the same day he was, by order of Admiral
Bell, then commanding the squadron. Restored to
duty, and continued to servers executive officer of
the Wyominguntilher arrival in the harbor of Hong
Kong the following September, Whon ho was placed
under arrest and tried by court-martial for "drunk-
enness" and "neglect of duty" On the 30th and 31st
of May preceding. He was found guilty of both
charges and dismissed the service.
At the commencement of tho trial Mr. Bishop
"pleaded in bar" his restoration to duty under an
order from Admiral Bell, and claimed that under
the provisions of paragraph twelve hundred and five
of the naval regulations .the order expiated the
offenste. The material part of tho order, which was
produced before the court, was as follows: "You will
restore Lieutenant Commander Bishop to duty, to
await an opportunity for time to investigate the
case." Mr. IJishop claimed that ho received tho
order verbally from Mr. Carpenter, and the second
clause of the order was not mentioned, nor at any ;
time thereafter referred to; but the verbal order '
which he received restored him to duty without any ;
reservation whatever.
The regulation (paragraph twelve hundred and five) 1
provides "that an offense committed at any one
time for which a person in the Navy shall have been I
placed under arrest, suspension, or confinement, and
subsequently entirely discharged therefrom bycom- !
petent authority," * * * * "is to be
regarded as expiated, and no further martial pro- j
ceedings against him for the offense itself are ever :
afterward to take place." !
The court overruled the " plea," and proceeded to i
try tho case upon its merits. It appeared in evidence
that on the afternoon ot'the 30th of May the steamer
Wyoming was lying in the harborof Nagasaki, Japan,
and that Mr. Carpenter ordered Mr. Bishop to have
the vessel ready to go to sea at daylight the next
morning, and then went on shore, returning about
five p. m„ at which time he sent for Mr. Bishop, who
was then at dinner with somo friends whom he was
entertaining. Ho again gave Mr. Bishop the order
to have tho vessel ready for sea, at which time Mr.
Bishop told him that no officers were on shore, and
that all had been told that the ship was going to sea.
He states that at this time Mr. Bishop was intoxi-
cated, but that he thought that he would got over it.
Mr. Carpenter, at about six p. m., went on board the
Hartford,the flag-ship of Admiral Bell, and remained
thero until about eleven p. m., and on his return
found that Mr. Bishop had gone ashore. Mr. Car-
penter testifies that the executive officer had a gen-
eral leave to go on shore when the next officer below
him in rank was onboard; and lie states also ttiat
the ship was unmoored about six o'clock in the even-
ing, while Mr. Bishop was at dinner; also that he
thought Mr. Bishop able to attend to tho duties of
the ship during his absence, but that his going ashore
and not remembering the orders afterward convinced
him that he was intoxicated.
It appeared that the ship was got ready for sea
at tho proper time, in compliance with the orders
of Commander Carpenter, through the orders and
agency of Mr. Bishop, but that thoro was somo mis-
apprehension among the officers as to the time in the
morning she was to sail, and that Mr. Bishop and
other officers onboard supposed she wasnot to leave
her moorings untilthe flag-ship, the Hartford, sailed,
which it was also understood would not sail until
a later hour in the morning; and it was with this
understanding that Mr. Bishop went on shore by
virtue of his general leave.
Three oliicers on board the Wyoming testified that
in their opinion Mr. Bishop was intoxicated that
evening, though one of them says that his opinion
was founded on the appearance of Mr. Bishop when
became-on board the next morning. It appeared
also that there had been some ill-feeling and jeal-
ousy among the officers on board tho vessel who were
introduced as witnesses sufficient to have furnished
a motive for doing an injustice to Mr. Bishop in
their testimony, and also that before and at tho timo
of the alleged offenses, as well as at the time of trial,
Mr. Bishop was suffering with asthma, which was
aggravated by confinement on board the ship, and
whioh is urged as an excuse for his going on shore
the night in question.
No witnesses were introduced by Mr. Bishop on
the trial. He seems to have been surprised by the
arrest and proceedings, which he alleges were some-
what hurriedly conducted to avoid detaining one of
the vessels of the fleet, which was then under orders
for sea, and that the vessel to which he was then
attached was under orders and then making prep-
arations for her homeward voyage to the United
States. He had been informed that the whole mat-
ter had been passed over, and supposed it ended,
having performed his subsequent duties apparently
to tho satisfaction of all; and the first intimation
whioh ho had that there would be a trial was on the
evening previous to his toeing placed under arrest,
and the second day after the arrival of the Wyom-
ing at Hcmg Kong, and that it occurred while at the
supper-table on board the flag-ship Hartford. The
executive officer, Mr. Phillip, having complimented
him on tho manner in which the Wyoming had
"furled sail" that afternoon, Mr. J. H. Read, then
principal aid to Admiral Bell, remarked in reply
thereto, on leaving the table, "I guess that after
to-morrow thero will bo a different manner of furl-
ing sail on the Wyoming." The arrest was made
tho next morning.
Tho progress of the trial was interrupted, and Mr.
Bishop alleges that his mind was diverted by changes
going on in the vessel, and further, that he knew
nothing of the result until his arrival in,the United
States; that although he made all the exertion in
his power to ascertain what it was, so as to guard his
rights, he had no proper opportunity t6 take his
appeal to the Secretary, and that the findings of the
court were approved at the Department before his
arrival home. As soon as possible he communicated
with tho Department, but was there informed that
he could havo no relief except through tho action
of Congress.
It seems that the Wyoming was not detained on
the morning in question by the absence of Mr.
Bishop, but to await the arrival of the United States
marshal, who was to sail in her. The professional
and moral character of Mr. Bishop, both beforo and
since the aforesaid transaction on board the Wyom-
ing, appears to have been without reproach, while
his record as a naval officer stands deservedly high.
Ho has submitted to your committee numerous testi-
monials from naval officers and civilians commend-
ing him for bis zeal and attention to duty. He also
firoduces before the committee a letter from a fel-
ow-officer with, him on tho Wyoming, in which he
states explicitly that "he saw him on the evening
in question, and that he gave no indication of being
under the influence of liquor, and that he was per-
fectly sober when he came on board next morning."
On a full consideration of the case, your committee
are of the opinion that, considering the general good
character, the faithful and important services and
professional standing of Mr. Bishop, the circum-
stances under which ho was tried, the doubtful char-
acter of tho evidence, his relief from suspension, hia
inability to communicate with the Department with
n view to relief or appeal, and especially in view ot
