256
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
the States from' any farther attention to elec-
tions from that time forth. •
Well, here we are, forcing Georgia to ratify
that" amendment m order that we may absorb
all the power of all the States in regard to
every election, not-only for Federal officers but
State officers. There will not be a constable
to be' elected in California or Alaska, or any-
where else, that will not be Tegulated by law
here. This is the significance in Massachu-
setts statesmanship of this consummate meas-
ure, as the Secretary of the Treasury denom-
inated it; and a consummate measure it is.
This is the meaning of the hot haste to force
this bill through, that we maygeta ratification
of this fifteenth amendment, and not that we
may reseat these negroes. That is all in my
eye.- If that were all, then gentlemen could
wait as has been proposed by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham.] The reseating of
these negroes is a blind used to mislead the
people. It is the pretense put forward. It is
not what Massachusetts means. Massachusetts
means the fifteenth amendment, and she cares
not whether the fifteenth amendment is ob-
tained from the States voluntarily, or wrung
from them as the purse is wrung from the
traveler with the pistol at his breast.
Mr. Speaker, all this is said to be done under
the fourth section of article four of the Consti-
tution of the United States,which is as follows:
"The United States shall guaranty to every State
in this Union a republican form of government, and
shall protect each of them against invasion, and, on
application of the Legislature, or of the Executive
wlien tho Legislature cannot bo convened, against
domestic violenoo."
Nov/, sir, the thingpromised there is aguar-
antee, and the guarantee is a secondary con-
tract which tho guarantor must perform when
the original party lias failed. What this Con-
stitution intended to secure to tho people of
Georgia is a republican form of government
when the State of Georgia, which is the other
corporation over them, has failed to furnish
them with a republican form of government.
But the State of Georgia has adopted the
very form of government which was prescribed
to them in these reconstruction acts. The
President recites it; General Meade recites
it; the whole history of tho country shows
it. The people of Georgia, therefore, are not
complaining that they have not a republican
form of government; they are not calling
upon the guarantor to redeem his pledge of
guarantee. It is the first instance any law-
yer in this House ever heard of a guarantor
stepping forward in advance of any breach of
contract and insisting that ho shall be required
to guaranty what the party already has by their
own showing. That is the kind of guarantee
and the kind of guarantor gentlemen imagine
we are.
What is the thing guarantied? A repub-
lican form of government. What is the thing
proposed? The destruction of the republican
form of government, the invasion of the State
of Georgia by the power of this Government,
and the turning oat of her Legislature. That
is the thing proposed by this bill. The gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Wixaxs] calls this the
guarantying of a republican form of govern-
ment to the people of Georgia. Why, sir, there
is great fconl'usion of ideas and some confusion
of language in such talk as that. This clause
of the Constitution never contemplated such an
outrage as this bill proposes. Observe the
latter clause of it:
" And on application of tho Legislature, or of the
J-.xoeu livo when the Legislature cannot be con-
vened, against domestic violence."
Now, let me call your attention in connection
with that to the seventh section of this bill:
Sec. 7. And be it .further enacted, That upon the
application of the Governor of Georgia, the Presi-
dent of tho United Statesphall employsuch military
or naval forcf s of the United States as may be neces-
sary to enforce and execute the preceding provisions
of this act.
The Constitution gives the Governor of a
State the power to call upon the Federal Gov-
ernment for military assistance only when the
Legislature cannot be convened. But here is
a case where the Legislature can be convened.
Within three weeks they will be convened as
a constitutional necessity. They coald have
been convened at Anytime if Governor Bullock
had chosen to convene them by proclamation.
Then, what right have we to give Governor
Bullock power to summon the military of the
country, the Armyand the Navy, to his assist-
ance to execute this law? What right have
we under this guarantee clause of the Consti-
tution ? This clause, as I have read it in your
hearing, contemj 1 vtes a demand by the Gov-
ernor only when tlie Legislature cannot be con-
vened. That accident has notarisen in Georgia.
It is exactly the case in which the Legislature
can be convened. And, if the House will agree
to postpone the bill, the Legislature will be
constitutionally convened. We are asked to
give power to call in the assistance of the Army
and Navy. It is not the people of Georgia
that wants the Army and Navy. It is Gover-
nor Bullock, and this bill gives Governor Bul-
lock the power to call" them out, and in that
respect I hold the bill to be utterly unconsti-
tutional.
What is the Army and Navv to be summoned
for? To overrun the State of Georgia, t.o re-
duce it to vassalage, to take away from it that
republican form of government which we are
bound, in the estimation of gentlemen learned
in constitutional law, to guaranty to the people
of that State; to violate the very guarantees
which gentlemen set up as the poor apology for
this and other legislation that we have seen in
these days of reconstruction. It is proposed
wantonly to trample this State under foot.
Whether it be in the Union or whether it be
out of the Union does not matter for the pur-
poses of this part of my argument. I hold it
is in the Union. I hold it was in the Union
when it adopted the fourteenth amendment;
it was in the Union when it sent membei's to
this House; it was in the Union when this
House resolved that its electoral vote should
be counted, provided it would not alter the
result. Georgia was in the Union then. What
has happened to her since to put her out of it?
She is in the Union now. And, as my friend
from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] argued, if you can
send down your Army and Navy under Gov-
ernor Bullock to trample out the remaining
liberties of Georgia, you may do it in New
York, Pennsylvania, or any other State if the
passions of the hour demand that it should be
done.
Mr. Speaker, I have been recently in the
State of Georgia for the first time in my life,
and having mixed with the people I am unable,
from anything I learned from the people, to
say whether their Legislature would be likely
to conform to the judicial opinion to which I
have alluded or not. The chairman of the
Reconstruction Committee, who did not go to
the Macon fair, is very clear that they would
not conform to it. 1 did go to the Macon fair,
! and spent a week in the State, having free in-
! tercourse with all classes of people, black and
J white. I found much diversity of opinion on
! this question, as on all other questions among
the people. I do not know in what way the
majority would decide ; but I can tell you this:
the people of Georgia are just as faithfully
attached to the Government as if they never
had seceded. They seceded from the Union ;
they fought the battle, and they lost it. They
surrendered to the authority of the Union, and
there are not within the jurisdiction of this
Government men whose loyalty would be more
unquestioned than that of the people of Geor-
gia if you would treat them as they have a
right to be treated by their fellow-countrymen.
Why, sir, the sin of rebellion was punished
in the fires of the civil war. We are not for-
ever to be practicing cruelties upon the people
of these southern States. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] is very fond of
quoting scripture analogies. " His mind seems
to be distressed with visions of the judgment to
come,-and perhaps there is no wonder. [Laugh-
ter.] But I tell you, sir, that there are no
examples in sacred history to justify the spirit
which we manifest toward those southern peo-
ple; none. What is the fact? We marched
our armies down there; we desolated their
fields; we burned their towns; we captured
.their property by millions; we put them to
death; we made flagrant war upon them, and
being the stronger party we finally exhausted
them of their strength, and we called it a sup-
pression of the rebellion. They submitted in
perfect good faith. As they had fought bravely
so they submitted frankly. How did we treat
them? We began bypassing these disabling
statutes, imposing test-oaths, putting the negro
over the white man, the ignorance in the com-
munity over the intelligence in the community,
all for the sake of punishing rebels. The mayor
of Savannah told me that if the people of
Georgia had been treated with anything like
paternal kindness, with any consideration bv
the Republican party when the rebellion was
suppressed, the State of Georgia and every
other State in the South would to-day have
been a Republican State. The Republican
party <jwe it to nothing but their own evil
passions that they have driven the State of
Georgia and the other southern States into
perhaps an unalterable opposition to their
schemes and their policy. 1 know of no per-
secution which the ingenuity of human malice
can suggest that has not been practiced upon
those people.
Sir, if the story is ever told and the authors
of this mischief can be found the secessionists
will not be the only sinners whom posterity
will condemn. There will be other sins to
answer for. What do you say, sir, to sending
down a man from Vermont to hold six or seven
offices in the State of South Carolina at large
salaries under a constitution that declares that
no member of the Legislature shall hold any
other office. Presiding in the Senate, repre-
senting a district in that State, codifier of laws,
district attorney, exercising several other
offices, receiving fees as a practicing attorney,
and accumulating a fortune while he is doing
what? Teaching the negro to hate the white
man, and stimulating the negro to the most
vicious legislation that human ingenuity can
suggest. Call you that punishing rebels? Call
you that statesmanship?
So far as I saw the South I found no undue
prejudice against that class of men called
"carpet-baggers." Onthecontrary I found that
the people of the South desired that northern
people should come among them if they would
come with any means, come to settle, to labor,
to buy property, to live with them, and incor-
porate themselves with the body of the com-
munity. Such northern men are welcome in
the South and in every part of the South. They
are glad to have them come. But when these
men come down to create offices to be exercised
by themselves, to exact enormous salaries and
to stimulate the negroes to impose taxes on the
white people that amounts to confiscation of
their estates then they complain, and if some
rash man makes a rash speech it comes right
to the chairman of the Committee on Recon-
struction ; we hear of it in this House ; it is
put forward here as evidence that their people
are incapable of self-government, and under
the constitutional clause about guarantee we
are called upon to pass some outrageous bill
under the pretense of securing to that people
a republican form of government.
Now, sir, I say treat that people right. They
were rebels ; you fought them ; you subdued
them ; but they have surrendered. They have
accepted your authority ; they are disposed to
be loyal people : they want their country pop-
ulated, developed, improved ; they want Con-
gress to keep its hands off their industry and
to let them develop, because the only life that
we have in this country, being a new country,
which is good for anything must be that life
