2512
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
over I did not understand exactly what was
meant by this phraseology:
On spool thread of cotton 12 cents per dozen spools,
containing on each spool not more than 200 yards of
thread.
On this paragraph I had prepared myself to
speak ; and now when I have got all ready I
find that the adroit gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schenck] and that sly gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Hooper,] members of the com-
mittee, propose t.o cut me out of my speech by
striking out " 12" and inserting " C," and by
striking out " 200 " and inserting " 100."
Mr. SCHENCIC. I am willingthatthe words
shall stand for the present in order that we
may hear the gentleman's speech. This change
was determined upon in committee many days
ago.
Mr. COX. This committee have been trav-
eling all over the country, I believe, seeking
information and have had this bill a long time
in preparation, and I do not understand why
they should now come here after the bill is
printed and at the last moment change this
particular matter about " spool thread of cot-
ton." unless they have received some recent
information on the subject.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman allow me to explain ?
Mr. COX. I would like to have the gentle-
man's explanation if it does not come out of
my time.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. All spool
cotton usually comes in spools of 200 yards
each; but occasionally it is put up fraud-
ulently in spools, which as my friend from New
Jersey [Mr. Cleveland] says are sold to the
poor people in such a manner that they are
cheated, there being a large quantity of wood
and but a small quantity of thread. It was to
meet this fraud that the paragraph in the bill
was originally framed.
Mr. COX. Then why did not the commit-
tee report the bill in that form? Were they
"ignorant of the facts?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. We did
report it in that way.
Mr. COX. The bill as first reported men-
tions spools of not more than 200 yards, thereby
in the first instance discriminating against the
poor people, as I now understand it.
_Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Then my
friend misunderstands. He does not show his
usual clearness of apprehension.
Mr. COX. Asl havebeeninformedbygen-
tlemen who understand this matter, the bill as
reported discriminates against the poor people.
_Mr. HOOPKR, of Massachusetts. Itsoper-
ation was intended to be just the reverse—to
prevent the importation of fraudulent spools
containing only 100 yards, 200 yards being the
usual and proper quantity.
Mr. COX. If that was so, why change your
original bill? I think I understand this busi-
ness of spool cotton. I know there has been
a great stimulus in its manufacture here by
protection. I do not intend to lay down the
spool until I get through with it. Theconsumer
paid in 1867 over 33,000,000 for 6,085,000
dozen, and in 1868 $4,000,000 for less than
half the quantity, for some 3,000,000 dozen.
I know this discrimination is in favor of the
manufacturer, in favor of the Connecticut and
the Massachusetts manufacturer and capitalist,
and against the poor seamstresses and women
of the country.
Mr. MAYNARD. Let me correct the gen-
tleman. This spool cotton is made in New
Jersey.
Mr. CLEVELAND. The largest manufac-
ture of spool cotton is in my district.
Mr. COX. I do not say anything particu-
larly about the locality of this manufacture.
There are two kinds of spool cotton made.
There is a three-corded spool cotton and a six-
corded spool cotton. The three-corded spool
cotton costs in England 22 cents in gold, or 11
pence a dozen. It is also made here. The
English article is prohibited, however, by the
high duty from coming in. It sell at*C5 cents
a dozen, currency. If there were no duty it
could be sold at 27 cents or thereabouts, mak-
ing a difference in currency of 8 cents in favor
of the manufacturer and against the consumer.
We only make the three-corded spool cotton.
The six-corded is the best; but it cannot be
made here. It is only used by the better and
richer class of people. It cannot be made here,
because it costs so much more. It costs in-
England only 3^- cents a spool.
[Here the hammer fell. J
Mr. CLEVELAND. The gentleman from
New York made a statement which is unfair
to the country. I ask. by unanimous consent,
to correct it.
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope the gentleman
from New Jersey will be permitted to' make
the correction.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on the amend-
ment is exhausted.
Mr. ALLISON. I move the following sub-
stitute for the pending paragraph.
The Clerk read as follows:
On spool thread of cotton, 5 cents per dozen spools,
containing on eaoh spool uot exceeding 100 yards of
thread, and in addition thereto 30 per cent, ad valo-
rem; exceeding 100 yards, for overy additional 100
yards of thread on each spool, or fractional part
thereof in excess of 100 yards, 5 ocnts per dozen and
30 per cent, it d valorem : Provided, That if thodutics
imposed by this paragraph shall amount to less than
35 per con I. ad valorem, then the duty shall bo as-
sessed at the rate of 3o per cent, ad valorem,
Mr. ALLISON. The committee will see
that I have reduced 1 cent per dozen spools
by inserting 5 cents" instead- of " G cents''
per dozen spools. By referring to the import-
ations of thread, the committee will observe
that the rate of duty now is from G5 to 72 per
cent, on the values, which I submit is, as com-
pared with the other duties on cotton goods,
too high. As the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means has stated, the existing
duties on all cotton goods average 54J- per
cent., which is reduced If- per cent, by the
present bill. The only reduction they make
here is one of 5 per cent, ad valorem on one
class of thread. Now, I submit that after you
have made this reduction which I propose of
1 cent per dozen spools, there will still be an
ad valorem duty left of from 52 to 55 per cent.,
which ought to be an abundant protection to
the manufacturer, and at the same time would
bo a sufficient duty for revenue purposes. The
total importations for the past year amounted
in value to $1,500,000, while the total revenue
amounted to a little over $1,000,000 ; showing
that on this article of limited consumption the
rate of duty is over 70 per cent. I only reduce
the rate 1 cent per dozen, and I trust the
amendment will be adopted.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 should be very sorry to
see a course of legislation which would have a
tendency to carry away from us the cotton man-
ufacture, our country being peculiarly adapted
for the production of cotton and cotton goods.
The provision of the bill now under discussion
is not an increase of existing rates. In one of
its features it makes a slight decrease. But I
wish to call the attention ol' the committee to
what has been the result of the present duty.
Its effect has been to bring across the water,
from the neighborhood of Glasgow, several
gentlemen who were engaged in manufacturing
spool thread there of bringing them and their
machinery over to this country. The gentle-
man from New Jersey, [Mr. Cleveland,] who
spoke a moment ago, told us that the largest
establishment in the country for making spool
thread is in his district. Ho might have added,
that it is an establishment which has come into
this country from Glasgow, and been set in oper-
ation here under the effect of the present law.
Mr. DICKEY. And the brains came over
with it.
Mr. MAYNARD. Yes; capital, brains, and
everything else.
Mr. ALLISON. Does the gentleman from
Tennessee claim that the reduction of 1 cent
would take the capital back?
Mr. MAYNARD. The reduction of 1 cent
would have that effect so far as it goes. And
if it did not take the capital back which is still
here, it would prevent more coming over to
us. The policy I am in favor of is, instead of
importing foreign productions to import the
laborer—not his work, but the man himself.
Bring him here where we can feed him from the
products of our agriculture. Bring him here
where he becomes a constituent part of our com-
munity, and assists ns as a good citizen in sup
porting the Government in time of peace and
defending it in time of war. What we want is
men, men to come here and work instead of
importing from abroad the labor of men who
are the subjects and citizens of other coun-
tries. I trust, therefore, that the present law
on the subject of spool thread, of which this
is little more than a rescript, modified in some
particulars to make it more facile in its admin-
istration, will be continued.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend the amend-
ment_pro forma, by striking out the last word,
merely that I may have an opportunity to say to
the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Allison,] that
the manufacture of spool thread in this country
is an experiment, in regard to which it has not
yet been fully demonstrated whether under
existing circumstances it can be maintained.
There have been several attempts which have
failed under the most favorable auspices.
Under the existing state of things there have
only been here and there one or two establish-
ments which have succeeded, while there have
been many failures. And if this branch of
industry can be maintained ia this country, it
will have this advantage, that it will bring over
hero capital and men and brains and indus-
try, instead of leaving them on the other side.
Hitherto no native brain or native capital has
been able to carry on this industry profitably,
even under the existing tariff. Those engaged
in it have barely, in two or three instances,
succeeded in maintaining themselves in com-
petition with the experience and the capital
and the cheap labor on the other side. And
on the question whether it shall be carried o 
here or whether it shall be on the other side,
I, for one, am for bringing it all over here, and
planting it all over the country, wherever there
is available water or steam power. Let us
have the benefit of it here. Let the men who
raise the wheat in the West feed it to artisans
here, instead of requiring them to send it to
the. other side.
I trust, therefore, they will let this provision
of the existing tariff remain as it is at least
until it can be demonstrated whether it is pos-
sible _ to maintain this industry here or not.
Within the last few years the first successful
effort has been made in this country to make
this article, and I trust no alteration in the
duty will be made.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. lam
a little surprised at the remarks made by a
member of the Committee of Ways and Means,
proposing to reduce the duty on this article to
a lower rate than the average rate upon cotton
cloth. The gentleman ought to know that this
is a manufacture which requires, as I am in-
formed by good authority, about ten times the
amount ot labor that cotton cloth does. Here
is an article that takes ten times the labor to
manufacture that it does to manufacture a yard
of cotton cloth, and a member of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means gets up and pro-
poses an amendment to put it on a level with
cotton cloth.
Mr. ALLISON. I want to protect the peo-
ple who are consuming this thread as well as
the one or two persons who may be engaged
as an experiment in manufacturing it, as the
gentleman says.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. If
the gentleman wants to protect the interest by
destroying it, let him say so. But as a mem-
ber of the Committee of Ways and Means, I
think he ought- to understand that if articles
