1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
5345
ference was agreed to; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
relief of officers of the army.
Mr. ASPER submitted a report from a com-
miitee of conference; which was read, as fol-
lows :
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on House resolution No. 109,
entitled " Joint resolution amendatory of joint res-
olution for the relief of certain officers of the Army,
approved July 26,1866," having met, after full and
free conference have agreed to recommend, and do
hereby rocoinmcnd to their respective Houses, as
follows:
That the Senate recede from their first amend-
ment.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the second amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same.
That the bill be further amended by striking out
the word "shall," in Jine fifteen, and inserting in
lieu thereof the word "may."
J. 37. ASPER.
JOIIN A. LOGAN.
GHORG13 W. MORGAN,
Managers on the part of the llouse.
HENRY WILSON,
JOHN M. THAYER,
JOHNM. JOHNSTON,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
The report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
Mr. ASPER, moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was agreed to; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LIEUTENANTS PENDLETON AND LEAHY.
Mr. ARCHER submitted a report from a
committee of conference; which was read, as
follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments of the
House to the Senate joint resolution No. 96, to place
the name of Charles H. Pendleton on the Navy Re-
gister as lieutenant commandor, active list, having
met and considered, the same, after full and freecon-
ierence thereon have agreed to recommend to their
respective Houses as follows:
That the resolution be amended by striking out
ail after the enacting clause, and inserting in lieu
thereof the following:
That the President of theXJnited States be author-
ized to nominate, and, by and with tlie advice and
consent of theSena to, to appoint Lieutenants Charles
11. Pendleton and Richard P. Leary as lieutenant
commanders on the active list of the Navy.
And that the title be amended so as to read as fol-
lows :
Joint lesoluiion authorizing the nomination and
appointment of Lieutenants Charles 11. Pendleton
and Richard P. Leary as lieutenant commanders on
the active list of the Navy.
STEVENSON ARCHER,
T. V/. FERRY,
J. H. KETCI1AM,
Mauaytra on thepait oj the House.
A. II. CRAG1N,
,T. W. NYE.
T. I1. BAYARD,
Managers on the ■}><<> ( of tile Senate.
The report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
Mr. ARCHER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was agreed to ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HIVE It AND HARBOR IMPROVEMENTS.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask unanimous consent
to have taken from the Speaker's table, for con-
sideration at this time, the amendments of the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 2092) making
appropriations for the repair, preservation, and
completion of certain public works on rivers
and harbors, and for other purposes, for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1871.
No objection was made, and the amendments
were taken from the Speaker's table.
Mr. SAWYER. I can explain in a few
words, I think, the extent and scope of the
amendments of the Senate. The Senate have
added to the bill a little less than three hun-
dred thousand dollarsofappropriations. Nearly
all the items they have put in are such as the
Committee on Commerce of this House would
have recommended originally bat that they
feared to make the bill too large.
41st Cong. '2r> Sess.—No. :>r>f).
I will state in brief the amendments. The
appropriation for the harbor at Burlington,
Vermont, is increased $10,000; the appropri-
ation for the improvement of the mouth of
St. John's river, Florida, is increased $10,000 ;
there are added appropriations of $7,500 to
clear out the mouth of the harbor atTown creek,
near Charleston, South Carolina; $100,000 to
improve the mouth of Cape Fear river, North
Carolina; §50,000 to clear out the Potomac
river between Long Bridge and Georgetown ;
S50,000 for the improvement of James river,.
Virginia ; $42,900 for the improvement of the
Patapsco river, near Baltimore, Maryland;
$17,500 for improvements at Bayou Teche,
Louisiana ; and $12,000 for the improvement
of the Susquehanna. I will say that the item of
$12,000 for the improvement of the Susque-
hanna river was in this bill when it was orginally
reported to the House, but it was stricken out
by mistake. In addition to those amendments,
there are a few providing for surveys requiring
no additional appropriation.
I am instructed by the committee of confer-
ence to move that the amendments of the Sen-
ate be concurred in.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I ask that
the amendments be read.
The amendments were read, as follows:
On line one hundred and twenty-five strike out
"live" and insert "fifteen;" so that it will read:
For improvement of the mouth of the St. John's
river, Florida, §15,000.
Insert after line one hundred and twenty-five the
following:
For lomoving obstructions in Town creek, near
Charleston, South Carolina, $7,500.
In line one hundred and seventy-three strike out
the words "above and."
Insert after line one hundred and seventy-seven
the following:
For improvement of the channel of the Cape Fear
river, in North Carolina, $100,000.
Insert after lino one hundred and eighty-five:
"for thoimprovement of the Potomac river, between
the Long-Bridge,in W asnington, tothecity of George-
town, District of Columbia, $50,000."
For the improvement of the James river in Vir-
ginia, to and including Harrison's bar, below thejunc-
tion of the James and Appomattox rivers, S50,00U.
For improvement of Bayou Teche, Louisiana,
?17,500.
In scction two, line three, after the word "namely,"
insert the wolds "at Chaileston, South Carolina."
In line seven of the same section insert after the
word " Connecticut" the words "at Narragansot
pier, Rhode Island."
In line nineteen, after the word "navigation" in-
sert " at Tombigbee river, in Alabama and Missis-
sippi, from its mouth to the head of navigation."
Add to section the following:
For survey of the Wabash river from its mouth to
the town of Wabash, Indiana; at the harbor of Cam-
bridge and harbor of Queenstown, m Maryland;
for the survey of the Willamettei iyer above Oregon
river, Oregon; for the survey of the Uinpqua river;
at the mouth of the Appalaehieola river, Florida;
at Nag's Head, in North Carolina, with a view to
reopening the old inlet near that piaee.
Sko. —. And be itfitrther enacted, That the sum of
$42,900 be paid out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appiopiiated, to be expended under the
direction of the Secretary of War, to the widening
and deepening the ship-channel in the Patapsco
river and Chesapeake bay, leading toward the har-
bor of Baltimore.
Sec. —. And be It further enacted. That the sum of
Sl-,000 of any unappropriated money m the Treasury,
to be paid and applied under the direction of the
Secretary of War, to deepen the harbor or waters at
the mouth of the Susquehanna river.
Seo. —.^Aiul be it further enacted, That the Secre-
tary of War is hereby authorized and required to
detail three engineers, whose duty it shall he to
examine all bridges now erected or in process of
erection across theOhio river, and to report whether,
in their opinion, such bridges, or any of them, as now
constructed or proposed to be constructed, do or will
interfere with the free and sate navigation of said
river; and if they do or will so interfere, to report
also what extent of span and elevation above water
will bo required to prevent obstruction tonavigation,
and their estimate of the cost required to change
such bridges now built or being built to sueli width,
of span and elevation above the water as will prevent
obstruction to navigation; such report to be made
and communicated tu the next session of Congress.
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 make the pointof order
that here are various appropriations.
The SPEAKER. The point of order comes
too late. The gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Sawyer] explained in full all the amendments.
The Chair would indulge the gentleman from
Missouri, but surely nothing can be gained by
sending it to the Committee of the Whole,
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to know whether
any estimate or survey has been made of these
improvements contemplated in the amend-
ments?
Mr. SAWYER. Most of them have been
surveyed.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I object to discussion.
Mr. DAWES. I think it would be better
for the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Benja-
min] to ask a non-concurrence in all of these
amendments, and to send this matter to a com-
mittee of conference. I submit to the House
that if we are to accomplish anything by river
and harbor improvements, if these improve-
ments are to yield any substantial benefit in
return for the money expended upon them,
some measure must be contrived to concen-
trate these expenditures upon the great chan-
nels of commerce. We as individual members
must be willing to forego the local benefit of
appropriations for our small inlets and streams,
and must take into view the greater benefit of
the country.
I want to support this bill; but I cannot
support it in the shape in which it now comes
back from the Senate, so much worse than
when it left the House. I do not desire to take
the bill out of the hands of the gentleman from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Sawyer,] nor dol wish to act
as a member of the committee of conference,
should such a committee be appointed. The
gentleman from Wisconsin doubtless under-
stands better than I do the necessities of the
different sections of the United States. But I
urge upon him that the country expects of him
and his committee something more thin to
distribute and sift out all over the country
$4,000,000 in such a way as to show no fruit
from the expenditure. If a committee of con-
ference be appointed I hope the gentleman will
insist upon a proper modification of the bill.
Mr. SAWYER. I yield to the gentleman
from Michigan, [Mr. Coxger.]
Mr. CONGElt. Mr. Speaker, the appro-
priations which have been added to this bill by
the Senate have all been considered in this
House. They were all urged before the Com-
mittee on Commerce of this House. They are
all appropriations which, if not this year, will
next year unquestionably be made by Congress
in amounts equal to, if not greater, than those
proposed in these amendments. The only
reason the House committee did not embrace
these appropriations in the bill was, that at
that time the reports of surveys and examina-
tions by the engineer department were not full
and explicit enough to warrant the commit-
tee in determining definitely upon the matter.
Since that time recommendations and surveys
with reference to some of these works have
been sent in, thus removing the difficulty in
regard to them.
i may say, on behalf of the Committee on
Commerce of this House, that after a careful
consideration of these additional appropria-
tions, they deem the question involved to be
simply a question of time. The question is
whether these appropriations shall be allowed
to remain in this bill, or whether they shall be
put in a bill which the interests of commerce
will require to be passed during the next ses-
sion. No one of these appropriations is excess-
ive in amount; many of them are insufficient
to complete the works in question. And here
let me say to the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Benjamin] that his objection in regard to the
Wabash river is an objection to a survey. The
bill contains no appropriation for the improve-
ment of the Wabash. It contains several pro-
visions for surveys and examinations at points
where there is no appropriation for doing any
work. In these cases surveys and examina-
tions are demanded, aud rightfully demanded,
previous to asking any appropriation.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Does the gentleman
expect that the Wabash river is to be surveyed
without the expenditure of any money?
Mr. CONGER. There is a general appro-
priation for examinaiions and surveys. This
