1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3457
  tbs extreae severity of his sentence, josttoareq aires
some relief at the hands of Congress, and therolore
report the following j oint resolution and recommend
its passage,
ACCOUNTS OF CHARLES C. UPHAM.
Mr. STEVENS also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back, with the recommend-
ation that it do pass, the joint resolution (H.
R. No. 211) for the settlement of the accounts
of Charles C. Uphara, late paymaster in the
Navy, deceased.
The joint resolation authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Navy to cause the accounts
of Charles C. Upham, late paymaster in the j
Navy, deceased, to be settled and adjusted upon !
just and equitable principles.
Mr. PAINE. A provision is made by this
joint resolution for settling all accounts of this
paymaster on just and equitable principles. I
wish to inquire of the gentleman who has
reported the resolution whether it is intended
that all legal rules shall be abrogated and set
aside in this case ?
Mr. STEVENS. In order to give an answer
to the gentleman from Wisconsin I will briefly
state the circumstances under which this joiut
resolution has been reported.
Paymaster Upham, who died, I think, two
years ago, was directed by the Government ;
during the war to purchase tar, turpentine, and
pitch in North Carolina, in order to supply a
pressing necessity of the Navy. I think this
was in 1862 and 1863. Of course this was
a matter entirely outside of the regular routine
of his official duty, so far as the manner of
purchase was concerned. The business waa
carried through in a clandestine way, supplies
being brought down at night to the coast,
oftentimes secretly deposited, and there taken
by the agents of the paymaster. Under such j
circumstances no vouchers could be had for
the outlay of the money. After the close of j
the war, and on the attempted settlement of <
tbeaccounts of Paymaster upham, it was found I
that this business, these purchases made in i
this irregular manner, outside of the regular {
business of a paymaster, could not be settled ]
with justice to Mr. Upham under the provis- j
ions of existing law, which required that all ;
disbursements should be verified by proper j
vouchers coming from the persons who re- |
ceived the payment of the money. That is j
the whole explanation. The case occupies an j
entirely exceptional position, and it is but just
that special provision should be made for it.
I would also state to the gentleman that Mr.
Upham, who was a son of Senator Upham,
formerly representing the State of Vermont,
died without means.
Mr. PAINE. I did not know, from the read-
ing of the joint resolution, but this was one of
the many cases of defalcation of which we have
heard. I now make no objection to it.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed,'it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolntion was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion waa agreed to.
On motion of Mr. STEVENS, the accom-
panying report upon this case was ordered to
be printed in the Globe, and is as follows:
Report in cast of Charles C. Upham, late Paymaster
in the United, States Navy.
The Committee on Naval Affairs, to whom was
referred a joint resolution directing the Secretary
of the Navy and accounting officers of the N ary
department to cause the accounts of Charles C. Up-
ham, late paymaster in the Navy, to be settled upon
just and equitable principles, have had the same
under consideration, and report that the same ought
to pass.
The committee deem it advisable to make a brief
statement of the general facts in the case, to show the
necessity and propriety of the passage of such a reso-
lation. When the late civil war had become so far
established that all commercial communication be-
tween the North and South was cut off, there soon
began to be aaearcity of tar, pitch, rosin, and turpen-
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 217.
tine, which are almost exclusively southern produc-
tions; the priccs in market rose to extraordinary
rates, and the supply was soon so nearly exhausted
that our Navy was greatly embarrassed for want of
articles so indispensable to their operations. The
Navy Department decided to attempt getting the
needod supply of these articles from North Carolina.
Instructions to this effect wero issued by tho Secre-
tary of the Navy to Bear Admiral Lee, then in com-
mand of tho North Atlantic squadron. On tho 22d
of Awgust ,18§2. Admiral Lee inclosed a copy of these
instructions in a letter or order addressed to Pay-
master Upham, in whioh hesaid: "I hereby appoint
you confidential agent for the purpose of carrying out
the object of the Department, as set forth therein."
Paymaster Upham was then paymaster of the flag-
ship Minnesota, and was also paymaster of the fleet
then blockading the ports on tho coast of North Caro-
lina. He had been many years in service, and was
regarded as a suitable officer to be trusted with the
management of this delicate enterprise and the
funds necessary to carry it out.
At this titno our troops held a few placcs along tho
coast, but tho great body of the State was in the hands
and under the control of the rebel authorities, civil
and military. The desired articles, if obtained at
all, must bo mainly purchased from persons in the
interior, who were within the reach and subject to
tho dangers attendant upon any such dealing with
our Army and Navy, if the same became known to the
rebel authorities. Hence, on their part, their own
safety required that all should be done in tho most
secret andstealthy manner, and all evidences or traoes
of it avoided.
The regular official duties of Paymaster Upham
were suoli that it was not possible for him to do the
detail work of this agency in person. It was neces-
sary be should bavo several ageuts on shore, who
could communicate with persons who had the articles
to sell which ho was authorized to buy. Two or throo
paymasters ufcthe Artuy and Navy were employed by
him to aid in carrying out his instructions, and sev-
eral agents employed on shore. To all these persons
he advanced funds, as they were needed, from time
to time.
The purchases were all in smal 1 quantities, often by
tho single barrel, anddelivered at some place whore
the seller could deliver it with comparative safety
to himself. Some time after the purchase began Pay-
master Upham was ordered to set up the manufac-
ture of spirits of turpentine and rosin, and this was
carried on to a considerable extent.
This business was carried on for a period of con-
siderably more than a year, and Paymaster Upham
was-furnished and charged with about four hundred
thousand dollars, and by the returns of the agents
and their accounts rendered, nearly forty thousand
barrels were purchased. Some wero delivered to
different ships of the Navy, but much tho largest
amount was sent to different navy-yards.
When, after the close of tho war, PaymasterUpham
presented his accounts for settlement, he presented
as vouchers the sums he had advanced to agents and
other paymasters acting for and under him, and
their returns of how tho money had been paid out,
it was objected that these were not proper vouchers,
that a regular receipt should have boon taken of
each person from whom any purchase was made or
who was paid for any servicc; and that there was
a lack of regular certificates of inspection which tho
regulations require in tho ordinary routine of pur-
chases for the Navjr.
It was held by the accounting officers of the De-
partment that they had no power under tho law to
settle and adjust an account except upon the pro-
duction of regular and formal vouchers and certifi-
cates of inspection.- The amounts of the various
articles received by tho Government did not amount
to so much as the money expended, reckoned at
what was estimated should have been the cost.
It is evident to the committee that the very nature
and exceptional character of the service that Pay-
master Upham was set to perform, made it impos-
sible that regular business vouchers for all expendi-
tures could be taken. The persons of whom the
purchases were made could not safely give them, and
often wero not in a situation to give them. Itwould
therefore be unjust to require them, in order to effect
a settlement of his accounts. All that should be re-
quired is that they should be satisfied that all the
money he received was honestly and fairly expended
to carry out the duty given him to do.
So far as the committee are informed, it had never
been thought or believed that Paymaster Upham
ever appropriated a dollar of the public money re-
ceived by him to his own use. That there was con-
siderable loss is, doubtless, true; it was incident to
the enterprise, and unavoidable. The accounts re-
mained unsettled at the time of the death of Pay-
master Upharn, early in 1863. He left no property at
the time of his decease, and left a widow wholly
without means of support. There was a small bal-
ance due him for salary, but this under the law and
regulations could not be paid to his widow, because
his accounts were unsettled. No steps were ever
taken against Paymaster Upham or against his bail
to get payment of the apparent deficit in his accounts.
It is apparent to the committee that j ustice requires
such an extension of power as to authorize this mat-
ter to be adjusted, upon the principle of allowing a
credit in his accounts for all tho money that he fairly
and honestly expended-. They therefore report back
the joint resolution rol'erred to them, and recommend
its passage.
NATIONAL CURRENCY ACT OF 1861.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2000) to
declare the construction of section fifty fiveof
the national currency act, approved June 3,
18G4 ; which was read a (irst and second time,
referred to the Committee on Banking and
Currency, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SCOFiELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred ; and also
i moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
j on the table.
| The latter motion was agreed to.
i JOSH I'll ItU.M I'tlRKWS.
| Mr. McCRARY, from the same committee,
i submitted an adverse report on the claim of
Joseph Humphreys for compensation for the
j use by vessels of the United States Navy of
his patent floating anchor or drag.
The report was read. The committee state
. that the evidence does not satisfy them either
that the patent was an invention of value or
that it has been used to any extent by vessels
of the Navy. The papers referred to the com-
1 mittee being all private papers, have been re-
turned to the claimant, and the committee
, ask to be discharged from the further consid-
; eration of the claim.
1 The report was laid upon the table and
ordered to be printed, and the committee was
discharged from the further consideration of
the claim.
JANK DKAN BISIIOP.
! Mr. McCRARY, from the same committee,
•j reported back, with the recommendation that
; it do pass, the joint resolution (H. R. No. 154)
for the relief oi' Jane Dean Bishop.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third time.
The joint resolution directs that from May
' 23,1857, to March 27, 1866, Jane Dean Bishop,
■ widow of the late Surgeon William S. Bishop,
United States Navy, shall be allowed the dif-
i ference of pay between the salary of a passed
i assistant surgeon and a surgeon in the Navy,
according to the established rate of pay during
that period.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the tbird
time, and passed.
Mr. McCRARY moved to reconsider the
j vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
! and also moved that the motion to reconsider
i be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
j ROBERT BOYD, JIl.
j Mr. HALE, from the same committee, re-
i ported back, with the recommendation that It
I do pass, the bill (H. R. No. 1619) to restore
i Robert Boyd, jr., to the active list of the Navy
. of the United States.
j The question was upon ordering the bill to
ji be engrossed and read a third time.
|j The bill was read. It directs that Robert
II Boyd, jr., be restored to the active list of tho
j Navy of the United States, with the full rank
; and pay of commander, to which he is entitled
! by his confirmation by the Senate on the 18th
j: of December, 1868.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it waa
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr, HALE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on tlte
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CAPTAIN GEORGE HENRY PREBLE.
On motion of Mr. HALE, by unanimous con-
sent, the bill (S. No. 850) for the relief of Cap-
tain George Henry Preble, of the Navy of the
United States, was taken from the Speaker's
table, and read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
The bill proposes to direct tbe proper ac-
