1570
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
ney, Tillman, Townsend, Trimble, Van Auken,
Ward, Wells, Eugene M. Wilson, Winchester, and
Witcher—74.
So the amendment was agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. NIBLACK stated that he was paired
upon this question with Mr. Maynard. Mr.
Maynard would have voted for the amend-
ment, and he [Mr. Niblack] against it.
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
The other amendment on which a separate
vote was demanded by Mr. Dawes was to
strike out the following clause under the head
of "Branch mint, Carson City:"
For two watchmen to take eare of said building,
$2,000; and the aat entitled "An act to establish a
branch mint of the United States in the Territory
of Nevada," approved March 3, 1863, is hereby
repealed.
And insert in lieu thereof the following:
For salaries of superintendent, assayer, melter
and refiner, chief coiner, assistant assayer, assistant
inciter and refiner, assistant chief coincr, and clerks,
§20,200.
For wages of workmen and adj asters, $54,000.
For chemicals, charcoal, and wood, incidental and
miscellaneous expenses, $17,600.
Mr. SARGENT. I call for tellers on that
amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I call for the yeas and nays.
We might as well have them first as last.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken j and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 82, nays 63, not voting
77; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Asper, Atwood, Axtell, Ayer,
Bennett, Bird, Booker, George M. Brooks, Buck,
Buckley, Burdett.Burr, Benjamin F. Butler, Roder-
ick It. Butler, Cake, Cessna, Cleveland, Amasa Cobb,
Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn, Crebs, Davis, Deweese,
Dickinson, Dookery, Dox, Eldridge, Fisher, Fitch,
Fox, GiHUlan, Golladay, Hamilton, Harris, Hawley,
Heaton, Heflin, Hoge, Hotchkiss, Johnson, Judd,
Kellogg, Kerr, Knott, Logan, McKee, McKenzie,
McNeely. Morgan, Morphis, Mungen, O'Neill, Orth,
Phelps, Poland. Prosser, Reeves, Rice, Ridgway,
Rogers, Roots, Sargent, Sawyer, Lionel A. Sheldon,
Joseph S. Smith, William J. Smith, Starkweather,
Stokes, Stoughton, Strickland, Strong, Taffe, Twich-
ell. Van Horn, Van Wyek, Voorhees, Wheeler, Wil-
kinson. Williams, Eugene M. Wilson, Witcher, and
Wood—82.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Beaman, Beatty, Beck,
Biggs, Bingham, Blair, Boles, James Brooks, Buffin-
ton, Burehard, Churchill, Cook, Conger, Cowles, Cox,
Dawes, Donley, Duval, Ferriss, Finkelnburg, Getz,
Haldeman, Hamill, Hawkins, Hay, Holman, Hooper.
Kclsey, Knapp, Lash, Lawrenec, McCormick, Mo-
Grew, Mercur, Eliakim H. Moore, Jesse H. Moore,
William Moore, Niblack, Packard, Paine, Perce,
Pomeroy, Randall, Shanks, Porter Sheldon, John A.
Smith, William Smyth, Stevenson, Stiles, Stone, j
Tanner, Tillman, Tyner, Upson, Van Trump, Cad- j
waiader C. Washburn, William B. Washburn. Wcl-
ker, Willard, John T. Wilson, Winans, and Wood-
ward—63. I
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ames, 1
Archer, Armstrong, Arnell, Bailey, Banks, Barnum,
Benjamin. Benton, Bowen, Boyd, Calkin, Clarke, ;
Oovode, Cullom, Dickey, Dixon, Dyer, Ela, Farns-
worth, Ferry, Garfield, Gibson, Griswold, Haight,
Hale, Hambleton, Hays, Hill, Hoar, Ingersoll,
Jenckes, -Alexander H. Jones, Thomas L. Jones,
Julian, Kelley,Ketcham,Laflin,Loughridge,Lyncb.
Marshall, Mayham. Maynard, McCarthy, McCrary,
Milnes, Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill, Mor-
rissey, Myers, Negley, Packer, Palmer, Peters, Piatt,
Porter, Potter, Reading, Sanford, Schenck, Schu-
maker, Scofield, Sherrod, Slocum, Worthington C.
Smith, Stevens, Strader, Swann, Sweeney, Town-
send, Trimble, Van Auken, Ward, Wells, and Win-
chester^?.
So the amendment was agreed to.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. RANDALL said: My colleague, Mr.
Reading, has been called home in consequence
of the illness of a member of his family.
Mr. BOYD. Upon this question I have
paired off with Mr. Laflin, of New York,
ff present he would have voted "no," while
I would vote "ay" if I voted.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. TILLMAN. I ask leave to record my
vote in favor of the bureau of education. I
was unavoidably absent when the vote was
taken this morning, or I would have voted in
favor of it.
The SPEAKER. That can be done only on
Monday by a suspension of the rules. The
Chair has no authority even to ask for unani-
mous consent for that purpose.
The bill was then read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
indian appropriation bill.
Mr. SARGENT. I move that the rules be
now suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union upon the special order,
being the Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. BENJAMIN. To-day being private-
bill day, I hope we will have a morning hour.
Mr. SARGENT, I think it is necessary to
have the Indian appropriation bill disposed of
as soon as possible. I will leave the House to
!! determine the question.
(1 The question was then taken upon the motion
I to go into Committee of the Whole ; and upon
a division there were—ayes 40, noes 71.
j So the motion was not agreed to.
beadmission of georgia.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Reconstruction, reported a bill
| (H. R. No. 1335) to admit the State of Geor-
1 gia to representation in the Congress of the
United States; which was read a first" and
! second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time,
j Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
! that action shall be had on this bill now.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope this bill will be
j printed, and that members will be allowed an
i opportunity to examine it. Georgia has already
' been admitted to representation.
I Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I can
relieve the mind of the gentleman. This bill
is in totidem verbis the same as the bills which
have become laws for the admission of Vir-
ginia and Mississippi to representation in Con-
gress ; it is in the exact words with those bills,
except the change of names.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman in-
clude Massachusetts, and put her upon the
same footing?
Mr. BINGHAM. Oh, don't!
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I cannot.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Is not the gentleman
willing to let this bill go over until after the
morning hour?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
give way for a morning hour if I do not thereby
lose my place.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The gentleman can report
from the Committee on Reconstruction at any
time. *
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman yields
now for a morning hour, at the end of that
time the Chair will be compelled to recognize
the gentleman from California, [Mr. Sar-
gent,] whose motion to suspend the rules for
the purpose of going into Committee of the
Whole on the Indian appropriation bill includes
the rule by which the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Butler] is authorized to report
from his committee at any time.
Mr. WOOD. I desire to say to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] that
he cannot possibly dispose of this bill at this
time. As a member of the Committee on Recon-
struction, I can say that this bill is very far
from being the unanimous report of the com- :
mittee, and it is probable that one or two !
amendments or substitutes may be offered by !
members of the committee. This bill presents
an entirely new question, one not compre- j
hended in any reconstruction measure hereto- :
fore passed. I therefore ask the gentleman !
to let this bill go over until Monday next. j
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not !
desire to block or obstruct the business of this !
House. But it is very important, for many I
reasons, that this bill should be put upon its 1
passage as soon as possible. In order not to
antagonize with the morning hour, if by unan-
imous consent this bill can come up imme-
diately after the morning hour on Monday I
will be content to let it go over until that time.
The SPEAKER. That the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] may not be sur-
prised, the Chair will state that no general
consent could take away the right of the House
to suspend the rules after the expiration of the
morning hour on Monday. The gentleman can
have his bill printed and recommitted, and in
that wey he will obtain more control over it
than by having it assigned to any particular day.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Very well;
I will move that this bill be printed and recom-
mitted.
Mr. BECK. I desire to have a substitute
for this bill received and printed with this bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Certainly;
I will include it in my motion to print.
The motion to print and recommit was then
agreed to.
order op business.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I call
for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. This being Friday, the
business in order during the morning hour is
the call of committees, beginning with the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, for reports
of a private nature.
soldiers of war of 1812.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported back the following-
named bills, petitions, &c., and moved that
the committee be discharged from their further
consideration, and that they be referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions and
War of 1812:
Petition for the relief of Thomas H. Duvall;
Memorial of Amos Armstrong, for increase
of pension ;
A bill (H. R. No. 519) for the relief of the
surviving soldiers and sailors of the war of
1812'. "
Petition of citizens of Philadelphia, asking
that the surviving veterans of the war of 1812,
both soldiers and sailors, and the widows of
such as are deceased, be put upon the pension-
roll;
A bill (H. R. No. 620) granting a pension
to Jacob Sanders, a soldier of the war of 1812;
Proceedings of a public meeting of soldiers
of 1812, held at Pella, Iowa, and memorial for
pensions;
Petition of John T. Parker, for a pension;
Petition of Elisha Cole, of Wilson county,
Tennessee, a soldier of the war of 1812, for
a pensionj
Memorial of Mrs. Ann Holmes Allen,widow
of Samuel Allen, deceased, for relief And ar-
rears of pay on account of services rendered
by her late husband as a soldier of the war
of 1812;
A bill granting a pension to Nicholas Ramey,
a soldier of the war of 1812;
Concurrent resolution of the Legislature of
Michigan, asking Congress for the passage of
an act granting a pension of eight dollars a
month to the surviving soldiers of the war of
1812;
Petition of Simon Record, of Maine, for a
pension;
Petition of John Prevaux, a soldier of the
war of 1812, for a pension ;
Petition of sundry citizens of Washington
county, New York, praying for a pension to
the surviving soldiers of the war of 1812 ;
Petition of prominent citizens of Steuben
county, New York, in favor of granting pen-
sions to the surviving soldiers of 1812 ;
Petition of citizens of Kentucky, praying for
a pension for life to Joseph C. Vance;
A bill for the relief of Edward Kindred :
Petition of Mary Trier, for a pension ; and
A bill granting pensions to the surviving
soldiers of the war of 1812.
The motion of Mr. Benjamin was agreed to.
