3458
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
counting officers of the Treasury, in settling
the accounts of George Henry Preble, a cap-
tain in the Navy of the United States, to allow
him sea pay as a commander from the 5th of
August to the 12th of October, 18G2, and leave
pay as a commander from the last-named date
to the 21st of February, 1863, deducting there-
from any pay he may have received for those
periods.
The bill was ordered to be read athird time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. HALE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OFFICERS AND CREW OF TIXE KEARSARGE.
Mr. HALE, from the same committee, re-
ported back, with an amendment in the nature
of a substitute, the bill (H. R. No. 1967) to
compensate the officers and crew of the United i
States steamer Kearsarge for the destruction ,
of the rebel piratical vessel Alabama. i
The substitute was read. It authorizes and j
directs the Secretary of State to sell so many j
of the registered bonds of the United States !
now under his control belonging to the Japan-
ese indemnity fund as shall realize $190,000, j
which sum he shall pay, without delay, to the
Secretary of the Navy, who shall deposit the ;
same in the Treasury of the United States, j
and cause the above amount to be paid to Com-
mander John A. Winslow and the officers and
crew belonging to the United States steamer
Kearsarge while engaged in the capture and de-
struction of the rebel piratical vessel Alabama,
on the 19th of June, 1864; the said sum of
$190,000 being the estimated value thereof;
the same to be distributed to the officers and
crew attached to the Kearsarge at the date above
named, according to the pay-roll of the ship at
the time, and to be in lieu of the bounty author-
ized by the eleventh section of the act of June
30, 1864, to regulate prize proceedings, &c.,
provided that no money shall be paid to any
assignee of a mariner entitled to the same, but
only to the mariner in person, his wife, or if he
has deceased, to hislegalrepresentative exclud-
ing any such assignee ; and provided also that
if any of the officers or crew of the said United
States steamer Kearsarge shall have received
the bounty provided for by the said act of June
30, 1864, the same shall be deducted from the
amount to be paid to such officer or seamen
under the provision of this bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. It seems to me that this
bill ought to be considered by the Committee
on Foreign Affairs. This Japanese fund is one
that that committee has had under its charge.
The chairman of that committee [Mr. Banks]
is now absent from this city, having attended
a meeting relating to our foreign affairs which
was held in New York city last night. As this
bill contains an appropriation, if it is pressed
for .consideration at this time I shall have to
insist that under the rule it must receive its
first consideration in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HALE. This bill merely directs out
of what fund this shall be paid. If gentlemen
will give me their attention for a few moments
I will explain what seems to excite some com-
ment as to the fund from which it is to be paid.
The bill is one that has been before this House
at two several times; once during the Thirty-
Ninth Congress, and again during the Fortieth
Congress. It is the bill, with some slight
alterations, that was originally reported, giving
compensation to the officers and crew of the
United States steamer Kearsarge, for engag-
ing with and destroying the rebel cruiser Ala-
bama. It was introduced in the Thirty-Ninth
Congress, and failed to pass because it was not
leached for wapt of time. It was again intro-
duced in the Fortieth Congress, when it excited
some discussion : and passed this House by a
majority of three to one, and went to the Sen-
ate. The Senate disagreed with the House as
to the amount, and a committee of conference
was appointed on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses. That was on the last day of the
last session of the Fortieth Congress, I believe,
and for the same reason that it failed before it
again failed; that is, for want ot time. In the
meantime the officers, and especiallythe^crew
of the Kearsarge, believing that injustice' had
been done, came before this Congress, and
before the Committee on Naval Affairs of this j
House. They were heard by the committee,
and there was but one sentiment, which was j
that the country in this case owed to these men j
what the bill proposes to give them. This bill i
provides for giving them $190,000. To some j
that may seem to be a large amount, and the
question may be asked, how is that amount
arrived at? The answer is this: aboard of!
officers was appointed by the Navy Department '
to estimate the value of the rebel cruiser Ala-
bama and of her armament. From the best
information they could obtain they found the
value to be something over forty thousand
pounds sterling. That is the basis upon which
the sum of $190,000 has been decided upon.
It is the same as though our gallant sailors j
had captured the rebel cruiser Alabama and
brought her into port, when they would have
had the benefit of the capture. That is the
reason for fixing the amount at 190,000.
But this bill goes further. A general statute
provides that where an enemy's vessel is sunk
or destroyed a certain sum per capita shall be
distributed to the officers and men of the ves-
sel of our Navy rendering that service. That
general statute entitles the officers and men of
the Kearsarge to the sum of $30,000, and about
all of that sum has been paid out of theTreas-
nry of the United States. And the committee
believe that this gallant crew and its officers
should give credit to the Government for that
amoact; and by this bill the Government is
given credit for the amount of $30,000 already
paid. There then is to be paid to Commodore
Winslow and the other officers, and to the crew
of this vessel, the sum of $160,000 under this
bill. I believe this is not too much. I believe
that there will be found but one sentimentin
the country, and that is that an act so signifi-
cant as the destruction of the rebel steamer
Alabama should be recognized by the Govern-
ment in some handsomemanner, and that this
bill reported by the Committee on Naval Affairs
is not open to the charge of extravagance.
Now, this is not the first time when such a
thing as this has been done by our Govern-
ment. There never was a more significant
occasion for the exercise of this justice by the
Government. This was the only square stand-
up sea-fight during the whole war of the rebel-
lion. And this is the only opportunity -which
has been presented to Congress to recognize
the gallantry of our Navy on that occasion.
Congress did this thing repeatedly during
the last war with Great Britain. Daring that
war Congress voted $50,000 to the officers and
crew of the Constitution for the capture of the
British frigate Guerriere. It voted $25,000
to the officers and crew of the Wasp for the
capture of the Frolic. And it voted to Com-
modore Bainbridge and the crew of the Con-
stitution again $50,000 for the capture of the
Java, and at that time $50,000 was a com-
paratively large sum, both in its uses by the
men who received it and its value as compared
with the value of the vessels fought and de-
stroyed or capturcd. Fifty thousand dollars
was more valuable then than $160,000 is
to-day, or $190,000, if gentlemen choose to
insist upon that sum. Congress did better
with reference to the numerous sea-fights of
the war of 1S12 than the committee ask Con-
gress to do with reference to this contest—the
only square stand-up light out on the waters
of the ocean between single vessels during the
whole war of the rebellion.
I ask the attention of the House to the reason
for the form in which the committee have re-
ported the bill. It provides that the claims of
the officers and crew of the Kearsarge shall l.u
paid out of a certain fund which is now held
by the Government, and which was received
in the manner I will state. In the month of
July, 1863, the American steamer Pembroke
was fired upon in the Japanese sea by two Jap-
anese vessels of war—a brig of ten guns and a
bark of eight guns—belonging to the Japanese
prince of Nagato. It was a wanton, unpro-
voked insult to our flag. It involved the repu-
tation of the country, the honor of the United
States Navy. The United States naval com-
mander out there at once sent up the Wyoming
to take speedy vengeance upon the Japanese.
| A conflict ensued, and several of the Japanese
\ vessels were sunk. The result was that the
! Japanese Government paid over afterward to
i the Government of the United States $650,000.
i That fund is now in the hands of our Govern-
ment. It has remained invested in United
j States bonds ever since. It is no more at the
disposition of the Government than any other
property which goes to make up the funds of
the United States. It is a fund distinct in
itself. It resulted from the act of the United
States Navy. It was paid as reparation for an
: insult and an outrage that had been inflicted
upon the United States Navy and upon the
Government.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish to ask the gentle-
1 man whether that Japanese fund was not paid
over expressly to reimburse and indemnify cer-
tain injuries that had been committed by the
Japanese upon certain of our naval vessels, and
whether it did not turn out that after a settle-
I ment of those matters there was a balance iu
favor of the Japanese Government?
Mr. HALE. The gentleman is thinking of
the Chinese fund. This Japanese fund was
paid over on account of the insult upon the
Pembroke. It is necessary that gentlemen
should not get these two funds confused. The
money which now constitutes what is called the
"Japanese fund" was not paid over as reim-
bursement, but, as a lawyer would say, as '' ex-
emplary damages;" it was paid over as showing
the repentance of the Japanese Government
for this act which had been committed, and its
obligation to do so no more. This bill provides
that the claims of the officers and crew of the
Kearsarge shall be paid out of this Japanese
fund; that the Secretary of State shall sell
enough of the bonds to realize $190,000, which
shall be distributed in payment of these claims.
I am requested to state again that the whole
amount of this fund originally was $650,000;
the accumulated interest amounts to about two
hundred thousand dollars, making the aggre-
gate of the fund between eight and nine hun-
dred thousuud dollars. This being a distinct-
ive fund the bill is not liable to be carried to
the Committee of the Whole by a single ob-
jection. The committee considered that as
this is a fund arising from a naval engagement
a part of it can very properly be used for the
payment of the officers and crew of the Kear-
sarge ; and I will state frankly to the House
l that one reason why the committee so framed
the bill as to make payment from this fund
was that the claims of these men might not
be delayed in this Honse by a single objection
from some member who does not believe in
recognizing such claims as those of the men
who took part in that engagement.
A Member. How is that fund now invested?
Mr. HALE. The Japanese fund is now in-
vested in Government bonds, and with accu-
mulated interest amounts to nearly nine hun-
dred thousand dollars.
Mr. DICKEY. Here is a printed statement
of the figures.
Mr. STEVENS. The figures to which the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Dickey] re-
fers are based upon an error which has since
been corrected, as is shown by subsequent com-
munications and documents.
