556
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 2,
Senate.
Beaufori County Sea Islands—Mr. Sawyer,
41st Cong....2d Sess.
confirmed by act of Congress attested July 16,
1866.
The collection of rents for the educational
lands and the expenditure of such rents for
the benefit of schools do not now stand con-
firmed. It is proposed by this act to confirm
them. According to the provisions of the act
of July 10,1866, the lands reserved for schools
were to be sold on or before the 1st day of
January, 1867, and at not less than ten dollars
per acre. The lots at Port Royal and in Beau-
fort not sold under the provisions of the elev-
enth section of the act of 1862 were to be sold
without restriction to the highest bidder. These
last were sold, but only about one half of the
school farms were sold, for the reason that the
remainder were not worth ten dollars per acre
and they would not bring it. The lots in the
town of Beaufort comprehended nearly all the
best residences in the town, and were generally
bought by their former owners at very low prices.
I'lle tenderness of the northern men who
took up their residence in Beaufort and vicinity
during and after the war toward the former
owners of these estates was somewhat remark-
able. Only in eases where the former pro-
prietor was known to be a maliguant rebel, or
to have made himself in some way obnoxious
to a loyal people, did these newcomers compete
at the sale with the old occupants; and to-day
there is many a person who lives in the house
of his fathers in the town of .Beaufort by the
forbearance of loyalists who refused to bay at
public sale estates on which they knew large
profits might be made by purchase or for which
the original owner might be made to pay the
full value.
It is proposed by this bill to sell the remain-
der of these school farms, and invest the pro-
ceeds as provided in section eight of the act of
July 10, 1866. It is also proposed to sell in
parcels of twenty acres each to the freed men,
residents, the lands in St. Luke's parish not
redeemed. This comprehends about two thirds
of Hilton Head Island and a few other scatter-
ing plantations on other islands. These lands
are generally very poor, and, except on the
Government lands, the buildings are mostly
huts. There is much swamp and much pine
barren, and all timber of any value was cut off
during the occupation by the United States
iroops from November, 1861, to May, 1865.
Ililton Head, in consequence of the number
of swamps and fresh-water ponds, has been
regarded as unhealthy, and the former owners
lived there but little of the time. As to the
remaining lands, it is provided in this bill that
they shall be sold at not less than one dollar
pei acre to freedtnen (heads of families) and
soldiers and Bailors. Jf any are worth more
than one dollar per acre alter the selections
have been made by the frccdnien, then the
commissioners, under their oath and bond, must
sell them for more. ISut lands "on the main,"
far better than any of the lands on Hilton
Head Island, can be bought to-day for less than
five dollars per acre.
One prominent, object of the bill is to close
up the business of the tax commissioners and
put an end to further expense; an object in
these times of heavy taxation and earnest de-
mand's for reduction of taxes worthy of the
speedy attention of Congress.
As early as March, 1807, a bill to confirm
the sales of a portion of these lands to soldiers
and sailors passed the Senate, as the following
extract from the Journal will show, and only
failed to pass the House by reason of their
adjournment the next day. The Senate Jour-
nal, first session Fortieth Congress, on page
106, has the following:
"Mr. Prelinsrhuj'sen. from tlio Committee on tho
Judiciary, to whom v.-as referred tho hill (S. Ho. 79)
to confiim auction bales made by the direct tax com-
missioners for South Carolina to persons in tlio Arzny,
Navy, or Marine corps, and for other purposes, re-
ported without amendment.
" The Senate proceeded to consider the said bill as
in Committee of tho"Whole; andnoamendmentbeing
made, it was reported to tho Senate.
"Ordered, That it be engrossed and read a third
time.
"The said bill was road a third time.
"Resolved, That it pass, and tho title thereof be as
aforesaid.
"Ordered, That tho Secretary request the concur-
rence of the House of Representatives therein."
Thisoccurred March23,1867. In the House,
on motion of Mr. Boss, of Illinois, it was re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims, and Con-
gress adjourned March 80, 1807. Afterward,
at the special session, no general business was
taken up, and therefore this wasnotconsidered.
At the regular session in December, 1867, t,lie
Committee on Freedmen's Affairs reported a
bill similar in many respects,and this passed the
House March 10,1868. This last, in the Sen-
ate, was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and became complicated with a prop-
osition to aid what is known as the Port Royal
railroad, and was never put upon its passage.
It is now reported to the Senate by the same
committee, that on public lands, free and
clear of all entanglement. A sale of these
lands is the readiest solution of this sea island
land question. It is also that which consults
best the interests of all parties. The operations
of the direct tax act of June 7, 1862, could not
fail to bear feardly in individual cases. No
mode of collecting that tax in the insurrec-
tionary district could have avoided this, under
all the circumstances. But there is now, on
tho whole, no way out of the difficulties that
are presented so clear, so wise, so politic, or
so just as the sale provided for in this bill.
The passage of this bill will quiet the titles
to the lands sold by the Government, will pro-
vide homes for a large number of those who
have been led to expect the opportunity of
acquiring them by the sale, and will give quiet
to a large community. I say this sale will pro-
vide homes for a largo number of those who
have been led to expect the opportunity of
acquiring them, In regard to this I wish to
say that the sales were not stopped by any pro
vision of law on the subject, but by an order
from the Treasury Department, the head of
which did not think the instructions of Presi-
dent Lincoln drawn in literal compliance with
the law.
Tho lands remaining in possession of the
Government arc so poor and so thoroughly worn
out that they are not worth contending for by
(heir former proprietors. The freedmen oil
them are about in tho proportion of ten to one
of other persons, and they have been culti-
vating them as lessees for seven years. The
former owners are not in possession at all.
They voluntarily dispossessed themselves of
those lauds when they withdrew beyond the
protecting power of the United States and
failed to comply with the laws. Very few of
them desire now, after tho lapse of seven years,
that present occupants should bedisturbed; yet
one or two lawyers are busily engaged in limit-
ing up cases on which to test the constitution-
ality of the tax act of June 7, 1862. It is very
doubtful whether lawyers' fees have not more
to do with the litigation in these cases than
the real desires or interests of those in whose
name suits are initiated.
Many of the former owners have more land
"on the main," near the islands, than they
know what to do with, and are offering it for
sale a3 low as five dollars per acre, and in some
instances it has recently sold as low as one
dollar per acre. The buildings on the lands
yet remaining in possession of the Government
are very old, and, except in cases where they
have been kept in repair by present occupants,
are nearly worthless. It would be the height
of injustice, after the lapse of seven years' pos-
session, to allow a community of thousands to
be disturbed for a series of years by litigations
upon mere technicalities, for the benefit of a
few individuals whose political action rendered
their estates liable to such confiscation as our
Constitution permits, and who threw them-
selves into the lines of the rebel army, thus
voluntarily absenting themselves from estates
upon which the law had imposed taxes, and
allowing such taxes to go unpaid. The notices
of tax due were perfect and distinct in all par-
ticulars. The assessments were right and upon
the right lands; the descriptions were accu-
rate so far as it was possible to make them.
The description of lots in the town of Beau-
fort was made upon a plat the basis of which
is a plat of 1799, found to be correct by an
actual survey, and said plat of the commis-
sioners was open for inspection at their office
sixty days before sale and ever after. The
descriptions were technically accurate in them-
selves, but in some instances not tho same as
have been found subsequently in some deeds
as to form ; some of them, though in a town,
are described with metes and bounds. On the
old assessment-rolls before tho war they were
only designated as "town lots," with the name
of owners attached.
The act of 18G2 required a "description" to
be inserted in notices of sales of lands for taxes.
It does not specify what kind of a description.
Tho description in the town of Beaufort were
made by letters and numbers thus: block A, No.
1, 2, &c.; block B, No. 1, 2, &e. It was utterly
impossible for the commissioners to make them
in any other way. That was the only descrip-
tion practicable, for they found nothing but this
old plat of the town of 1709, which was the
general plat of the town, but without specifi-
cation as to ownership or boundaries. The
only practical way,therefore, in which a descrip-
tion could be made was to do precisely as is
done with the public lands. They are laid off in
lots, and where there are boundaries, as fences,
&c., to assume that the lots so inclosed were
entire. The description was as accurate as it
was possible under the law to make it, and
fully complied, m my opinion, with the pro-
visions of the law.
But inasmuuch as there has been a recent
decision in the district court of the United
States that tho descriptions in tho town of
Beaufort were not sufficiently accurate to com-
ply with the law, and inasmuch as that circum-
stance renders a great deal of litigation prob-
able with regard to these town lots in Beaufort,
it is desirable that the descriptions which were
made by the tax commissioners should bo con-
firmed. I have here the notices which were
issued by the tax commissioners, the adver-
tiseinentsof the sales ot lands for unpaid taxes,
giving letters and numbers, and the names of
the plantations, where they were known.
The notices given of these sales were very
full and complete, describing in the town of
Beaufort the blocks and lots by letters and
numbers, and affixing thereto the amount of
tho tax. In regard to the names of tracts not
in the town of Beaufort, plantations, &c., the
names by which they were known over the
entire neighborhood are given in the notices
that were posted and published according to
the strict letter of the law, and they were sold
exactly in accordance with the directions there
laid down. As a matter of fact, no matter
how these descriptions of lots in the town of
Beaufort had been made, it would have made
no difference as to the redemption of the lands
or the payment of the tax, for the whole pop-
ulation of the town had removed beyond the
line of Federal occupation, and were within
the lines of the rebel army. They could not
by any possibility see the notices which were
posted, nor the advertisements which were
published in the newspaper printed at Beau-
fort, even if they had been described as the
property of A B or C D; so that in effect it
would have made no difference how these were
described. But the descriptions were based;
