5346
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
appropriation will be sufficient: noiliing more
is needed for the purpose. As lias been stated
by thechairmanof the committee, one of these
appropriations of §12,000 was in our bill and
was struck out by mistake. No additional
amount is asked by the Senate. The Com-
mittee on Commerce of this House would have
recommended the appropriation in the first
instance if there had then been before them
the examinations and surveys. We have con-
sulted with the engineer department in regard
to all of these works, and every one of them
is recommended by the department. I hope
the bill will not be sent to a committee of con-
ference. I think the House can now act advis-
edly upon this matter, which has been before
it for more than a year, and which has been
examined, I venture to say, more carefully
than any other bill was ever examined in this
House. I hope the amendments of the Senate
will be concurred in.
Mr. SAWYER. I now yield for two min-
utes to the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Maynaru.]
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the House to a Senate amendment in
reference to the Tennessee river. The appro-
priation we made for the improvement of that
river provided that it should be improved above
and below Chattanooga. I explained to the
House at the time that the impiovements were
separate, that the surveys were separate, and
that the appropriations heretofore hail been
separate. The Senate amendment strikes out
the "words ''above and," so that the whole
appropriation shall be expended below Chat-
tanooga. Representing the interests of that
commerce, I trust that amendment will not be
concurred in. It entirely defeats the purpose
of the House in making t.he appropriation.
Mr. SAWYER. I now yield to the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Potter.]
Mr. POTTER. I concur, Mr. Speaker, in
the general views expressed by the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations in regard
to river and harbor improvements. If I had
had arbitrary power to distribute the expend-
iture of the |4,000,000—which, with the Sen-
ate amendments, is-about the amount to be
appropriated by this bill—I should certainly
have confined the expenditure to those great
works in which the commerce of the country
is mainly interested. But, sir, 1 had no such
power, and the Committee on Commerce had
no such power. It would have been useless
for that committee to have submitted to the
House simply such a bill as they preferred.
The committee had to prepare a bill with a
view not only to their own views, but also to
the feasibility of its passage. And while the
bill they submitted is not altogether what I
wished, yet I am convinced that the commit-
tee did their work of distributing the sum de;
termined upon as the sum to be appropriated
in aid of the improvement of our rivers and
harbors about as well as, under the circum-
stances, it could be done. Since that bill went
to the Senate many amendments have been
added to it. Some of these amendments I do
not approve; but I am inclined to think, and
such was the judgment of the committee, that
if the House do not pass the bill as it comes
back to us from the Senate we stand a great
chance of not getting any bill at all. And as
the condition of the public works and the rivers
and harbors in certain localities makes it so
important for the public interest that the bill
even as it is should pass at this session, I am
theu'fore disposed, on the whole, to think it
better for us to at once concur in the amend-
ments of the Senate, and so pass the bill, than
to non-concur and take the risks of a confer-
ence.
Mr. SAWYER demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The amendments of the Senate on which a
sepai ate vote was not asked were concurred in.
The qnestion next recurred on the following
amendment of the Senate, on which a separate
vote was demanded by Mr. Benjamin :
strike out "fifteen" and insert " twenty-five;" so
it will read: . , . ,
For improvement of Burlington harbor, Vermont,
825,000.
The House divided, and there were—ayes81,
noes 22.
So the amendment was concurred m.
The question next recurred on the following
amendment of the Senate, on which a separate
vote was demanded by Mr. Benjamin :
Striko out " five" and insert "fifteen;" soitwill
For improvement of the mouth of St. John's river,
Florida, $15,003.
The amendment was concurred in.
The question next recurred on the following
amendment of the Senate, on which a separate
vote was demanded by Mr. Maynaiw :
Strike out the words " above andao.it will read:
For improvement of Tennessee river, &80,000, to bo
expended below Chattanooga.
Mr. MAYNAHB. I hope that amendment
of the Senate will not be concurred in. I want
that amount to be expended above and be low-
Chattanooga, and not confined to below Chat-
tanooga.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 8(5,
noes -A.
Mr. MAYNARD demanded the yeas and
uavs.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The question next recurred on the follow-
ing amendment of the Senate, on which asep-
arate vote was demanded by Mr. Benjamin :
Insert the following:
For improvement of the channel at the mouth of
the Capo Fear river. North Carolina, $100,000.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was concurred in.
The question next recurred on the following
amendment of theSenate, on which a separate
vote was asked by Mr. Benjamin:
Insert the following:
For improvement of the Potomac river between
the Long Bridge and Washington and the city of
Georgetown, in the District of Columbia, $50,000.
For improvement ot Jaincd river, in Virginia, and
the removal of bars and obstructions from Richmond
to .mil including Harrison's bar, below the junction
of the James and Appomattox rivers, $50,000.
For improvement of Bayou Teehe, Louisiana,
£17,500.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I want a separate vote
on the lirst appropriation.
The SPEAKER. This is one Senate amend-
ment and cannot be divided.
Mr. BENJAMIN demanded the yeas and
nays.
On ordering the yeas and nays there were—
ayes sixteen; not a sufficient number.
Mr. BENJAMIN demanded tellers on the
yeas and nays.
On ordering tellers there were—ayes sixteen;
not a sufficient number.
So tellers were refused; and the yeas and
nays were refused.
The amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
On the following amendment a separate vote
was asked by Mr. Bingham :
Insert as additional sections the following:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the sum
of $42,900 be paid out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, to bo expended under
the direction of the Secretary of "War, to the widen-
ing and deepening the ship channel in the Patapsco
river and Chesapeake bay, leading toward the har-
bor of Baltimore.
Sec.—. And be it further enactcd, That the sum of
$12,000, of any unappropriated money in the Treas-
ury, be paid and applied, undei the direction of the
Secretary of War. to deepen the harbor or waters at
the mouth of the Susquehanna river.
Sec. —. And bo it further enacted, That the Secre-
tary of War is hereby authoiizcd and required to
detail three engineers, whoscd uty it shall bo to exam-
ine all bridges now erected, or in pi ocess of erection,
across the Ohio river, and to xepoi t whether, in their
opinion, such bridges, or any of fhom, as now con-
structed, or proposed to be constructed, do or will
interfere with the free and safe navigation of said
river: and if they do or will so interfere, to report
also what extent of span and elevation above water
will be required to prevent obstruction to uaviga
tion, and their estimate of the cost required to change
such bridges now built, or being built, to such width
of span and elevation above_ the water as will pre-
vent obstruction to navigation; such report to be
made and communicated to the next session of Con-
gress.
Mr. DONLEY. That is all right, and ought
to be agreed to.
The Question was put; and there were on a
division—ayes 89, noes 32.
So the amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
Mr. SAWYERmoved toreconsiderthe votes
by which the amendments of the Senate were
concurred in ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RECONSIDERATION OS1 REFERENCES.
Mr. RANDALL. I move to reconsider all
references and recommittals made yesterday;
and I also move that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
pay of a contestant.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to state
to the House that last evening, after the ad-
journment, he was informed by two or three
members that a call for a division was made,
which in the confusion he did not hear, on the
following resolution.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, Tliat there be paid out of the contingent
fund of the House the sum of $5,000 to William F.
Sn-itzler, for his time and expenses for conducting
his contest for a seat as Representative from the
ninth district of Missouri.
The SPEAKER. The Chair announced the
resolution carried, and did not hear the call for
a division. lie now considers it his duty again
to submit the question to the House, which can
be done by a motion to reconsider and to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. CESSNA. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and
also move that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The question was put on agreeing to the
motion to lay on the table the motion to recon-
sider : and there were, on a division—ayes 83,
noes 46.
Mr. DONLEY called for the yeas and nays.
On ordering the yeas and nays there were—
ayes thirty-five.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ALLISON. 1 wish to inquire whether
this contestant has received his pay? The
resolution authorizing it was passed last even-
ing, and he may have drawn his pay in the
mean time.
Mr. BENTON. I do not consider that that
would make any difference. If he has drawn
his pay he might be made to pay it back again.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has no inform-
ation on that subject.
Mr. DYER. I trust, sir, that my friends on
this side of the House 
Mr. BENTON. I objecttoany debate, unless
I shall be allowed to answer the gentleman.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 02, nays 81, not voting
57 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Archer. Asper,
Axtell, Bailey, Beelc, Biggs. Bingham, Bird. Boles,
Booker, Boyd, George M. Brooks, James Brooks,
Buck, Buckley, Burdctt, Burr, Roderick R. Butier,
Calco, Calkin. Cessna, Churchiii, Sidney Cl.u'Ke,
Cleveland, AinasaCobb, Conner, Cox, Crebs, iJarrall,
i)awcs. Dickinson, Dixon, Dyer, Eidridge. Finkciu-
burg, 1'ox, Getz, Grlswold, Uai^ht, Hamill, Karri,-,
Hawkins, Hays. Hooper, Inverse!], Jeneke^, Jmm-
s n, Thomas L. Jones. Kclley, Kellogg, Ken,
Ketcham, Knott, Lewis, Marshall, AlavH.un, Mc-
Cormiek, MeiCee, MoKcnzie. Merely. Jes.-e if.
Aloore,Morgan, Morphis, jMungen, Negiey, Xib-
laek, O Acill, Perce, Potter, Reeves, llicc, itoor.s,
^ 5,11 ■ A- -^heldon, Shcrrod, John A. Smith, Jon-pU
m'-,, 111 v^rcvenso51, v:sn:t, Sueenev, Tatle,
iilluian, inmble, Van Auken, Cadwalader C. Wash-
burn, \V eds, &agone iYI. WiBon, Winchester, Y/oud,
and Woodward—92.
NAYS Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Armstrong, Arnell,
