1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2515
trict of Wisconsin ; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CORBETT presented resolutions of the
Board of Trade of Boston, in favor of the pas-
sage of the bill which provides for the imme-
diate transmission to the city of their destina-
tion of imported goods as soon as landed from
the vessel; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. NYE presented a memorial of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory of New Mex-
ico in favor of the enactment of a law author-
izing the organization of two volunteer regi-
ments of cavalry, to serve for the term of three
years in that Territory against the Indians ;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
reports of committees.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 755) to authorize the corpor-
ate authorities of the city of Georgetown, in
the District of Columbia, to pave and improve
the streets thereof, reported it without amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred 1he bill (S. No. 754) to incorpo-
rate a zoological society in the city of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia, reported it with
amendments.
Mr. HAMLIN. The same committee, to
whom were referred a petition signed by eight
hundred and forty citizens, another signed by
fourteen hundred and three, another signed by
one thousand, and still another by five hundred
citizens of the District of Columbia, asking
for the establishment of a probate court in this
District; and also a petition signed by nearly
five hundred citizens, asking for an increase of
the salary of the present judge of the orphans'
court, have directed me to report that the com-
mittee be discharged from the further consider-
ation of these papers, and that they be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary. We make
this report for this reason: the Judiciary Com-
mittee has now before it a bill relating to the
judicial system of this District, and in that bill,
as a part of it, provision is made for a court
of this precise character, and it has connection
with other parts of the system. These papers,
therefore, more appropriately belong to that
committee. Hence the Committee on tho Dis-
trict of Columbia ask to be discharged from
their further consideration, and that they be
referred to the Committee on the J udiciary.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. TIPTON, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 108) granting lands to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad from Lincoln, in the State
of Nebraska, to Denver, Colorado Territory,
reported it with an amendment.
Mr. CRAG1N, from the Committee on Ter-
ritories, to whom was recommitted the bill (8.
No. 044) to incorporate the United States
Freehold Land and Emigration Company, and
to confirm certain legislation in Colorado Ter-
ritory, reported it with amendments.
Mr. PATTERSON, from the Committee on
the District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 735) ,to establish a national
institute of applied sciences, reported it with
amendments.
Mr. SPRAGUE, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 763) granting lands to the State of
Minnesota to a,id in the improvement of the
harbor of Duluth, Lake Superior, in said State,
reported it with an amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 731) to pro-
vide for a building suited to the use of the post
ofhee, the land and revenue officers, and the
judicial officers of the United States in the
city of Montgomery, Alabama, reported it with
amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a petition of citizens of Washing-
ton relative to the purchase by the Govern-
ment of squares 786 and 788 in that city, asked
to be discharged from its furtlierconsideration,
the committee having already reported a bill
on the subject; and the report was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a memorial of the Batchers' As-
sociation of the city of Washington, remon-
strating against the passage of the bill (H. R.
No. 1084) to incorporate the Washington Mar-
ket Company, having reported the bill, asked
to be discharged from the further consideration
of the memorial, and that it lie on the table ;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred several petitions of citizens of
Albany, New York, praying for an appropria-
tion for the erection in that city of a building
for the accommodation of the United States
courts, internal revenue officers, and other
Government officers at that city, asked to be
discharged from their further consideration, I
and that they lie on the table, the committee
having reported a bill on the subject; and the
report was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 428) to grant the right of way through
the public lands to the Junction City, Solomon
Valley, and Denver railway, and for other
purposes, reported it with amendments.
Mr. SUMNER. The Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the petition
of Marcus Bernhard, complaining of the min-
ister of the United States at Berlin, and pray-
ing thatthePrussian Government be requested
to return a fine of fifty thalers imposed upon
him, have had the same under consideration,
and directed me to report it back to the Senate
with a recommendation that it be indefinitely
postponed ; and accompanying this is a written
report, which I move be printed.
The report was ordered to be printed, and
the petition was indefinitely postponed.
bills introduced.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 771) to transfer the Cherokee and Creek
countries in the Indian territory from the west-
ern district of Arkansas, and attaching the same
to the district of Kansas for judicial purposes;
which was read twice by its title.
Mr. POMEUOT. I do not know anything
about the propriety of this bill, but it is handed
to me and I introduce it as 3 have been requested
to do. 1 move that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PATTEB,SON asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 772) to provide a uniform system
of education for the public schools of the Dis-
trict of Columbia; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 773)
to amend an act entitled "An act to restrict
the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims, and to
provide for the payment of certain demands
for quartermaster stores and subsistence sup-
plies furnished to the Army of the United
States," approved July 4, 1804; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. TIPTON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
774) to authorize the Burlington and Missouri
River Railroad Company or its assigns to
change the established line of said road in the
State of Nebraska; which was. read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. COLE (by request) asked, and by unan-
imous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 775) to confirm to James M. Hutch-
ings and James C. Lamon their preemption
claims in the Yosemite valley in the State of
California; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOWE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 170) construing and giving
effect to the joint resolution entitled "A res-
olution for the relief of the State of Wisconsin,"
approved July 1, 1864; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on the
Revision oftheLaws, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 171) extending the time
in which certain parties may select and pay
for lands on the Sac and Fox Indian reser-
vation in Kansas; which was read twice by .
its title, referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STEWART asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (8. R. No. 172) directing the survey
of a route for a railroad on the west bank of
the Potomac river from apoint opposite George-
town to Harper's Ferry; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
amendment to appropriation bill.
Mr. KELLOGG submitted an amendment to
the bill (H. R. No. 974) making appropriations
for the legislative, executive, and judicial ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1871; which was referred to
the Committee on Appropriations.
deficiencies in ministers' salaries.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Committee
on Appropriations, to whom was referred tho
bill (II. Ii. No. 1713) to supply deficiencies in
the appropriations for salaries of United States
ministers for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1870, have instructed me to report it back
without amendment; and I ask for its present
consideration. I will say in this connection
that it seems to have been au omission on the
part of the House of Representatives from the
delieiency bill which passed the Senate the
day before yesterday. This bill came from the
House yesterday to supply that deficiency.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It appropriates the snin of
8106,375 to supply a deficiency in the appro-
priations for salaries of United States ministers
for the fiscal year eliding June 30, 1870.
Tho bill was reported to the Senate without,
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
joint indian committee.
Mr. .STEWART. I ask unanimous consent
to proceed to the consideration of Senate joint
resolution No. 159, in regard to sham bids in
the Post Office Department.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion?
Mr. POMEROY. If the resolution can be
amended properly, I shall agree to have it
passed; but it ought to be amended. If the
Senate are willing to consider it and have it
open for discussion I am ready to take it up now.
! Mr. STEWART. Do you want to discuss
! it? The object of the resolution is to enable
| the Postmaster General to force parties to make
] bona fide, contracts in time, so that the service
| can be put on this year, and not wait until the
i season has passed and lie forced into^ the posi-
j tion of making special contracts, which will he
I very expensive.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I insist on the regular
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the first resolution on the Calendar.
The Secretary. The first business on tne
Calendar is the concurrent resolution in regard
to the appointment of a joint committee on
Indian policy; and the question is on the mo-
tion .of the Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Moa-
uii.l,] that it be indefinitely postponed.
Mr SUMNER. Is that open to debate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
