558
APPENDIX TO THE CONG-RESSIOHAL GLOBE.
[July 2,
Ho. of Reps.
Alaska Seal Fisheries—Mr. Sargent.
41st Con« 2d Sess.
tax commissioners. Besides which all the
evils of uncertain titles to the homes of a whole
people, some six or seven thousand in number,
will be continued for two years more.
The receipts of the direct tax commission
for South Carolina are nearly as follows:
Direct taxes collected, about $217,000 00
Interest, about  27,000 00
From tax sales, about  28,000 00
Rents under act of 1862  21,899 70
Sales, under eleventh section of said act:
To loyal citizens    41,768 00
To soldiers and sailors, one quarter ad-
vance   72,336 75
Tosoldiers andsailors, threetourths pay-
ments  5G.361 00
Interest, less special rents  476 6.'!
Sales of school farms, under act ot 1866  56,216 88
Special ronts,under instruction of Commis-
sioner of Internal Rovonu?  17,987 80
School-farm rente, about  27,000 00
Redemptions, about  1,000 00
Total, about $567,047 26
The principal expenses have been as follows:
Survey? J31.800 57
Clerk hire 15,817 79
Schools....  23,496 44
Expense in surveying school hmds, rent-
ing, &c  1,450 76
$72,565 56
It will be seen that over half a million of
money has been placed in the Treasury.
They have done their duty honestly, earn-
estly, conscientiously. I desiro this act passed
so that they may close up the work they have
begun, because they are men who know the
interests oftke people there, of all classes, and
to whom this task may be assigned without any
fear of its being ill done. If no step should
be taken by Congress to close this work these
commissioners will resign; they cannot stay
there in good conscience longer drawing sala-
lies when nothing is done unless the Govern-
ment takes some means of helping the popula-
tion out of the difficulties they now labor under.
They have done a good work thus far. They
should be enabled to complete it.
Alaska Seal Fisheries.
SPEECH OF HON. A. A. SARGENT,
of california,
In thu House of IIeprkskntatives,
Juhj 2, 1870,
On the bill '■ iI. K. No. 188-1) to prevent the exterm-
ination of fuj-beui ins uniiuals in Alaska, and to
regulate tins fur-seal trade at the islands of St.
Paul .-nd St. Gcort'e, in the territory of Alaska.
Mr. SARGENT. What shall bo done with
the seals is one of the most perplexing ques-
tions that has been piesented to me during
this Congress, it is one of the legacies given
to us with Alaska, given to us by a purchase
that never should have been made. But wo
have the land^ of ice, and these fog islands,
with their periodic inhabitants of seals ; and
what shall we do with them? The problem to
be solved is to carry on the seal fisheries, and
yet to save the seals from destruction or being
driven away; and with this to get a revenue
for the Government greater than the expenses.
If the seals were not shy, and if there were no
other places out of our jurisdiction where they
would inevitably resort, there would be little
difficulty in the matter. We could throw open
the seal fisheries to competition and dispense
with the precautions now necessary. The Sec-
•' retary of the Treasury in a report dated Feb-
ruary 0, 1870, testified to the danger there is
of dispersing the seals and destroying the trade
entirely. He said:
" The reports made by the several agents of the
Treasury Department and all writers upon the sub-
ject concur m the opinion that great care is neces-
sary tor tho preservation oi the seal fisheries upon
the islands of fit. Paul and St. Ueoige, which aro
now the only important resorts for the far-seal in
the known world.
"If the animals are protected it is probable that
about one hundred thousand skins may be taken
each year, without diminishing the supply.
"It is also agreed that the animals would be exterm-
inated or driven away if the business of capturing
them or even tho trade in their skins at the islands
were left open to free competition, and that such a
course would be destructive, not only to the business,
but criminally injurious to the natives, who have a
right to the benefits of their fisheries, at least to the
extent necessary to their own support."
The experience of the Russian Company, by
whom these fisheries were fostered and pro-
moted before our Government acquired the
islands, has demonstrated tbat if by injudicious
management the seals are driven from St. Paul
and St. George they will resort to foreign isl-
ands now under the jurisdiction of Russia,
and this great interest and the revenue pro-
vided for and secured by the bill under con-
sideration will be lost to us.
Can this interest be preserved without mo-
nopoly ? When this matter was up at the close
of the short session I insisted on time for con-
sideration and examination, and that I might
hear from my constituents, who are vitally
interested. I wished to know whether it was
possible to save the seals and still avoid a
monopoly. Time was given, and meanwhile
three plans have been developed for the treat-
ment of the question. Unfortunately, each
involves a monopoly, because it seems to be
conceded that without it the seals cannot be
preserved. These plans are:
First. That of my friend from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dawes,] which is embodied in the bill
that I hold in my hand. By this bill during
the summer months, or the only months of the
year during which those icy regions are access-
ible or the seals would be found in these haunts,
no one is permitted to carry on the business of
sealing except oil permits to be issued by the
Secietary of the Treasury. All the rest of the
world are to be excluded. A few, favored of the
Secretary, are to enjoy the benefits and emol-
uments of the trade. This is the most odious
monopoly of all, for it is founded on favoritism.
1 do not believe the Secretary desires any such
power. No man could exercise it and be above
suspicion. If he does desire it he should not
have it. But the whole revenue provided for
by the gentleman's bill is hut $'200",000, out of
which are to he maintained a naval, a military,
and a civil establishment, which all are neces-
sary under the bill, and provided for in it.
The Secretary's favorites will be well protected
in their privileges. But the punishment pro-
vided for their offenses is veryslight, only $500
for any violation of the law. They may cut the
throat of every seal on the islands, and carry the
skins to any other port than San Francisco,
where the tax is to be collected, yet no higher
penalty than §500 can be enforced. There is no
forfeiture of the vessel, even if it boldly enters
San Francisco after discharging cargo at the
Sandwich Islands. There are no bonds to be
foifeited, no lease to lose, no de osit of Gov-
ernment bonds.
If a bill had been intentionally drawn to
facilitate frauds it could not have been more
skillfully worded. I know that was not the
intention of my friend; but the mistakes in the
bill are the faults of inexperience in the subject.
In some superficial particulars the bill resem-
bles one that 1 introduced myself; but it has
been so altered as to be unrecognizable except
after careful inspection. The bill is further
impracticable in that it requires tbat a harbor
be designated at the islands at which vessels
shall resort to procure cargoes of skins. It is
known to those familiar with the islands that
nature has made this feature of the bill impos-
sible of execution. There is no harbor to which
vessels could resort at either island. But there
would need to be at both, as the islands are a
great distance apart, and are enveloped in fogs;
and if the natives were allowed to take the skins
from one island to tho other they could take
them to the mainland and defraud the revenue
entirely. There are many other objections to
this bill which I will not take time to enumer-
ate. Suffice it to say the bill is impractical, and
contemplates the most odious monopoly of any
scheme that has been proposed.
Second is the bill of my friend from Wis-
consin. I think he has abandoned that, as lie
proposes some amendments to the committee
bill. But as it may be offered yet, and as it.
is understood to be the idea of the Secretary
of the Treasury, and is in fait a pretty close
embodiment of the ideas given in bis recent
response to the House resolution, it deserves
notice. It contemplates nothing less than the
Government going into the seal business. Why
not go into the ice trade also ? It is utterly incon-
sistent with the duties of Government to attempt
to carry on such a trade. The corruption of
the officials engaged in it in a year or two would
exceed in stench that arising from the islands
during the ''hauling" season. Instead of a
profit, here is proposed an expense. Fifty
thousand dollars are to be appropriated to hegin
with. It will cost from three to four hundred
thousaud dollars to run the machine. There
is to be a standing army on each island, and a
naval vessel into the bargain. In its anxiety
to avoid a monopoly the Government is to take
the monopoly of the trade itself 1 A leading
commercial paper of San Francisco, where
great interest is felt in this subject—I refer to
the Alta Californian—in a recent article thus
treats this question of the Government engaging
in seal fishing, and huckstering the products
about the world:
" Secretary Bodtwell's Wild Scheme kob
Alaska. —The telegraph informed us a few day-'
since that tho Secretary of the Treasury had sent to
Congress a report on the seal fisheries of Alaska, in
which he recommended that the business of catching
and skinning the fur-seals of the Aleutian Islands be
carried on by the Govemmentunder the supervision
of the Xreasury Department. We characterized this
scheme at tho time as one of the wildest possible,
and an examination of the report in detail, which
has lately come to hand, confirms us in the conclu-
sion. without any exception the press, so far a? it
has commented upon the extraordinary recommend-
ation oi tho Secretary, has unanimously condemned
ins scheme, and has ridiculed the idea that this or
any other Government can afford to engage in com-
mercial or industrial enterprises. Some of the Op-
position journals aro, of course, swift to discern in
the plan of the Secretary a mere scheme for the ben-
efit of the Massachusetts Treasury thieves/who-
ever they may be, and charge that the favorites who
arc to run I.he Government>cal rookeries are already
picked out.
" But wo would prefer to beliove that Mr. Boutwell
has honestly mado the suggestion that tho seal fish-
one? be thus disposed of, and that ho really has been
led to believe that tho Government can make more
money out of tho much-discussed Alaska purchase
than by leasing two islands to privuto parties. Still
tho hint contained in the broad insinuation of news-
papers unfriendly to the Secretary of the Treasury is
not without some foundation in probability. Unfor-
tunately, Treasury agents, whether they come from
Massachusetts or New York, do not sustain any better
roputatiuu for honesty than any other class of men ;
and if they will steal (as they do) in populous cities
whore the watchful eyes of enemies and critics are on
them, what will they do when turned loose on the dis-
tant shores of Alaska, with the golden opportunity be-
fore them ofcolluding with the New England whalers,
and shipping off to other and distant points a lion's
sharo of the precious skins which they have taken
from Uncle Sam's fur-seals at tho expense of the
aforesaid Uncle 8am ? No, the friends of Secretary
Loutwell may be as pure as Kodiak ice and chaste as
Alaskan snows, but they could not escape unscathed
from tho temptation to compensate their exile to the
Aleutian Islands when they had so good a chance to
do it.
But the ridiculousness of tho proposition almost
preveuts one from taking so serious a view of it as
wo have here done. Could anything more absurd be
imagined than tne Government of the United States
going mto the business of killing and skinning seal-',
because, forsooth, a lease of the islands to a company
would create a monopoly? The Secretary thinks
that such a monopoly would be contrary to the ideas
ot this people; but if he does not find the ideas of
tae people arc very much against the Government's
?oinff1 to theseai-skinniug business on its own hook,
because no does not read the newspaper*.
Ine astuto Secretary seems to think thatin any event
it will be necessary to keep up a military and naval
force about the islands, as though an incorporated
company could not hold possessioaof the islands and
