5348
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8;
appropriation it was provided that it should
include former appropriations. This joint reso-
lution simply says the truth, that it was the
intent of that act to include and revive former
appropriations for that purpose. The Secre-
tary of the Treasury, under the authority be-
lieved to have been given him, has bought a lot
there upon which to erect this building. But
it was found, by a ruling of the Comptroller
of the Treasury, that the money appropriated
by Congress for the construction of this build-
ing could not be used for the purpose, which
was contrary to the intention of Congress.
Now, in regard to the building at St. Louis,
and also the one at Portlluron, the gentlemen
who interrogate me know very well that I con-
sider those buildings necessary; and especially
in regard to the building at St. Louis, that I
have done my best to secure appropriations for
that building. But I must denounce the idea
of making one appropriation depend upon
another; of having all those who may not be
included in an honest bill join together and
defeat it.
Mr. FINKELNBUIIG. Is not the bill for
a building at St. Louis an honest bill?
Mr. SARGrENT. I think so ; but it is not
now in question. That bill is now pending
before the Committee on Appropriations, and
so far as I am concerned 1 assure the gentle-
man that he shall have a fair hearing before
the committee, for I believe the necessities of
that great city require the proposed building.
And so in regard to the building of my
friend from Michigan [Mr. Conger] at Port
Huron. It is eminently necessary, as the
goods received at the custom-house and all the
records are put in frail wooden buildings,
liable at any time to a fire that would do in-
calculable damage. Port Huron is a growing
place on the lake, where additional facilities
are very necessary. In my judgment no pub-
lic works are more important than the two in
question. With them may be named as of
prime importance Albany and San Francisco.
1 do not think the list should be much enlarged
at this session ; but I think those I have named
should be appropriated for. But this bill stands
on its own merits, and simply declares the
effect of an act of Congress, according to its
true intent and meaning. I ask the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time ; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. SARGENT moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
additional deficiency bill.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I call for the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is
House bill No. 2309, making additional appro-
priations, and to supply the deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the Govern-
ment for the fiscal years ending June GO, 1870,
and June 30, 187i, and for other purposes.
By order of the House the bill is to be consid-
ered in the House as in Committee of the
Whole, under the five-raiuutes rule.
Mr. DAWES. I move that allgeneraldebate
upon this bill be limited to ten minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I ask that the first reading
of this bill be dispensed with.
No objection was made.
The SPEAKER. On this bill general debate
has been limited to ten minutes.
Mr. DAWES. Before the bill is read by
clauses for amendment I desire to occupy the
attention of the House for a few minutes. I
ask the House to standby this bill, which in the
opinion of the committee covers all that will be
necessary at this session in tlie way of further
appropriations for the current expenses oi the
Government. The committee have now passed
upon all matters connected with those current
expenses, and have made provision for them
with the exception of the matter embraced in
the communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, referred to the committee some days
ago, recommending an appropriation of $50,000
for the survey of Alaska and the Aleutian
Islands. Since that communication was referred
to us this Congress has adopted legislation
conferring substantially the entire commerce
of that region for a price in gold upon a single
party. This measure has so changed the whole
aspect of affairs in connection with that terri-
tory that it is deemed best to postpone any
such appropriation as that recommended, by
the Secretary of the Treasury till next session,
when it is expected a-bill will, at the earliest
moment, be introduced to modify and change
this recent legislation. For that measure we
hope to obtain the patient attention of the
House ; and by an exhibition of facts connected
with the history of our recent act of legislation,
as well as with the past and the future of those
islands, we hope to induce the Congress of the
United States to make such a change in the
law as will rescue the blessings of that com-
merce from the grasp of a single party, that it
may inure to the benefit of the whole people.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I hope tliatthe House will
resist the introduction of any new matter and
of any amendments upon this bill; so that if
it be possible we may yet show to the people
of this country that we can carry on the Gov-
ernment with at least no greater expenditure
of public money than that made by our prede-
cessors.
The principal item of appropriation in this
bill is §1,000,000 for expenses connected with
taking the census. This is an extraordinary
appropriation. As to the other matters em-
braced in the bill some of them were overlooked
in making out the estimates, and some of tliem
are appropriations made necessary by new
legislation for the creation of the department
of justice, for the codification of the laws, and
for other matters of like nature. Only a very
small part of these appropriations is, in the
ordinary acceptation of the term, a deficiency
connected with the expenditures of this year.
A large part of the appropriations, outside of
that for the census, results from the creation
of new offices or new departments.
The Clerk, proceeding to read the bill by
clauses for amendment, read as follows :
Department of justice:
Office of tho Attorney Grencral. For salary of tho
Solicitor General, 87,500.
For additional salary of two Assistant Attorneys
General, ^,000.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I rise to a point of order
on the item just read. In this and other items
of the bill provision is made, I observe, for
additional salaries—salaries, as I understand,
in addition to those allowed by law. I think
this is no time for increasing salaries.
Mr. DAWES. I will state to the gentleman
that these items do not propose any salary
beyond that provided for by lav/ ; but the stat-
ute creating the Department of Justice fixed
some of these salaries at a higher rate than was
provided for in the legislative appropriation
bill. This bill provides simply for paying the
salaries as fixed by statute.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Do I understand that
these appropriations are necessary in order to
make the amount already appropriated equal
to the amount now allowed by law ?
Mr. DAWES. That is it precisely. T trust
the gentleman will do the Committee on Appro-
priations the justice to believe that they would
not propose to increase salaries beyond the
amounts fixed by law.
The Clerk read as follows :
For additional salary of Solicitor of Internal liev-
cnuc, "Vl.OOu.
For salary of stenographic cleik, $2,(00.
]'\>r three niMilional lourth-cla^ elcvk«, $3,400.
Mr. BENJAMIN. What law is there author-
izing these fourth-class clerks?
Mr. DAWES. They are authorized by the
law establishing the Department of Justice.
The law dispenses with some cterks in other
Departments and creates these clerka in this
Department., These clerks are necessary.
Mr. BENJAMIN. This follows the appro-
priation for additional salary, of Solicitor of
Internal Revenue. •
Mr. DAWES. The Solicitor of Internal
Revenue was trasnferred by the same law from
the internal revenue department to the De-
partment of Justice, and I am sorry to say
there was an increase of salary provided for,
which makes this appropriation necessary.
The Clerk read as follows:
For continuing the construction of the custom-
liouso at Charleston, South Carolina, in accordance
with the modified plans of the supervising architect
of the Treasury, as submitted in his letter ol Juno
21,1870, addressed to the Secretary of the TreMury,
$100,000: Provided, That no further sum than ¥298,-
855 46 shall be appropriated or expended by the
Government for the entire completion of said build-
ing and its approaches.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I desire to ask the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
whether this appropriation is for a new work,
or whether there is a new custom-house'now
being constructed in Charleston ?
Mr. DAWES. I will state that, unfortunately
for the Treasury, it has been the case for a
great many years that there is a new custom-
house in process of construction.at Charleston,
South Carolina, which cost even before the
war between two and three million dollars, and
if the original plans were carried out about the
same number of millions of dollars would
have to be expended. There have been from
time to time about twenty-five thousand dol-
lars, or a less sum appropriated for putting
on temporary roofs and erecting temporary
partitions for temporary use in that building,
it has been found to be a matter of economy
to require the Department to abandon the
original plan and adopt a new plan, as pro-
vided for iu the paragraph of the bill which
has just been read. We have the full expect-
ation the new plan will be within the limit
specified here. And that is the reason why it
is put in the bill. If possible to pat words
into the bill to limit the expenditure as I have
stated, they are in this clause.
The Clerk read as follows :
House of Representatives:
For compensation of the officers, clerks, messen-
gers, and others recoiving an annual-salary in the
llouso of Representatives, $6,100 50.
Mr. RANDALL. I move to insert the fol-
lowing, to come in as an additional paragraph :
And that there be appropriated, out of any inonvy
in the Treasury nototherwise appropriated, the sum
of $700 each, per annum, to thechief. Journal, assist-
ant disbursing, file, printing, petition, and engross-
ing clerks of the House; an da sum of &300 per annum
to the clerk of the Committee of Claims, and to the
reading clerks and tally cleik >>UU 40 each lor the
Thirty-^inth Congress, as provided for by resolution
of the House of the first session of the said Congress.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a point of order.
There is no authority of law for that amend-
ment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will have to
overrule that point of order. The Clerk will
read the rule bearing on the subject.
The Clerk read as follows;
Ko appropriation shall be reportedin such gen-
eral appropriati m bills, or be ill order as an amend-
ment thereto, for any expendituic not prcvioar-ly
authorized by law, unless in continuation of appro-
priations for such public works and obieots as s*c
already m progress, and tor the contingencies t>r
carrying on tho several departments of the Govern-
ment.'—.Kate 120. [It has been decided that under
this rule it is not m order to propose an amc-iiuinent
to a general appropriation bill, which changes an
existing law. l>ut it was also decided that ihohuier
branch of the rule not only permitted amendments
increasing salaries, but was Iranied lor that very pur-
pose.]"
Mr. RANDALL. The gentleman will not
object w hen he understands the justice of tins
proposition. It will be seen that the amend-
ment is iu accordance with the rule and in ful-
fillment of a resolution of this House.
