1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
Mr. DAWES. I trust that my friend does
not ask the House of Representatives t,o add
to the salaries of all these officials here with-
out a single word being said about it.
Mr. Ii,ANDAL>L. 1 am prepared to speak
in defense of the proposition if the House will
allow me. It will be remembered that in the
Thirty-Ninth Congress the House passed this
resolution, which remains as the only unex-
ecuted order of this House, so far as my knowl-
edge extends. To carry out that resolution is
really an act of justice. It is almost in the
nature of a contract; and it was lost simply
by the perverseness, if I am allowed to use
that expression, on the part of the Senate. I
find that the Senate during this session have
increased the salaries of their own officers, and
I have introduced this amendment simply as a
matter of justice to the officers of this House.
I ask the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] to remember that I have joined with
him in every instance in preventing the appro-
priation of a single dollar unnecessarily out of
the Treasury, and I think he will do me the
justice to say that I have done so'. But here
1 do say that every consideration of right and
justice demands that the execution of the res-
olution should be made perfect as it was passed
in the Thirty-Ninth Congress.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman how much salary these officers are
receiving now?
Mr. RANDALL. None of them are getting
sufficient salary ; and I may remind the House
that it was that same Congress which increased
the pay of members.
Mr. "BENJAMIN. I recollect very well that
that Congress increased the pay of all the
employes in Washington twenty per cent.
Mr. RANDALL. Not of those embraced
in my amendment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. They pressed ibr an
increase in the Fortieth Congress and failed
to get it—very properly, in my judgment.
Mr. RANDALL. All I propose to do by
this amendment is to execute the order of the
House in the Thirty-Ninth Congress.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am aware that in the
Thirty-Ninth Congress we passed a resolution
through this House giving certain extra com-
pensation to the employes of the House. It
was rushed through in the hurry of the closing
proceedings of the session.
Mr. RANDALL. No, sir; it was fully con-
sidered.
Mr. BENJAMIN. And the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury refused to pay the
money because it required an act of Congress
to increase the compensation ; and hence they
did not get it. They got, however, I believe,
the same pay which they are getting now. I
am opposed to going back four years and
bringing up an increase of pay for these em-
ployes during that, time. If the gentleman
will state to the House the amount of money
these parties were getting then, and the amount
they are getting now, I think, if it is shown
that any injustice is done them, every gentle-
man will be willing to give them a fair com-
pensation.
Mr. DAWES. Noman appreciates the labors
and fidelity of the officers of this House more
than I do. But 1 think we cannot afford to go
back and gather up and put upon our bills of
this Congress all the back deficiencies of former
Congresses. It is true that the Senate have
been raising the pay of their officers. But the
House has non-concurred in their amend-
ments; and 1 have been struggling for the last
ten days in a committee of conference to keep
down these salaries. If the House, therefore,
should go back upon their committee of con-
ference and put up these salaries, I shall sur-
render at once my position in that committee.
I will go to the people and tell the country that
this party, which is responsible for the expend-
itures of the public money, refuses to hold
itself un to tiie proper point, of nublic economy.
I owe as much fidelity to my p:uty as any liv-
ing man, but where questions of public interest
are concerned there may be something above
party; and I intend that the country shall know,
if the aggregate of these expenditures shall
exceed those of last year, that it shall know
upon whom the responsibility rests. If the
House of Representatives proceed to make
appropriations for the increased compensa-
tion of officials here, I will withdraw from the
committee of conference, where for the last
ten days I have been trying to impress upon the
representatives of the Senate that it is improper
and inexpedient at this time, with the burden
of taxation resting upon us, and the extent
of our necessary expenditures rolling up the
aggregate every day, to raise the compensation
of our own officials.
Sir, I have no personal choice or feeling in
this matter. I have a duty to perform, and
that duty I propose to perform. I do not pro-
pose to go to the country with any false pre-
tense that this Congress is economical unless
the figures shall bear me out. I propose to
hold my own party here in Congress responsi-
ble for the aggregate of those figures, and I
tell my friends here that we have no margin.
Mr. RANDALL. Yes; we have a wide
margin.
Mr. ALLISON. Why not call attention to
the fact that this is offered by a gentleman on
the other side ?
Mr. DAWES. Yes, I call attention to the
fact that this proposition comes from the other
side.
Mr. RANDALL. It is for meritorious ser-
vices.
Mr. PETERS. And I call the attention of
the House to the fact that as a member of
this side of the House I second the proposition
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ran-
dall.] I do not think it has been fully stated
by that gentleman ; I do not think his state-
ment covers the full strength of the facts.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Well, let us have them.
Mr. PETERS. This does not propose to
increase the salaries of these officials, but
merely to pay them the increase voted them
for their services in the Thirty-Ninth Congress.
Mr. RANDALL. And the House agreed
to give it to them.
Mr. PETERS. During the Thirty-Ninth
Congress, while the members of Congress in-
creased their own pay, and increased the com-
pensation of the employ6s of the Senate, the
House also voted over and over again that for
the Thirty-Ninth Congress only the employ6s
of this House should have the simple increase
embraced in this proposition. The House had
three different conferences with the Senate
upon the subject; and I understand that the
distinguished gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] was upon one of those commit-
tees of conference, and urged in behalf of the
employes of the House that they should have
that proposed increase for the Thirty-Ninth
Congress. But in consequence of the opposi-
tion of some members of the Senate, the House
was not able to get the proposition agreed to.
Then the House, by an overwhelming vote,
passed a resolution to pay the proposed increase
lor that Congress out of the contingent fund
of the House. And those gentlemen received
the money and put it into their pockets, and a
portion of them spent it for necessary means
of living. But the Comptroller of the Treas-
ury decided that it had been improperly paid
to them, notwithstanding the vote ol the House,
because it was authorized by a simple resolu-
tion of the House, and not by a law oi Con-
gress. When that decision was made these
employes of the House had to return the money
they had received. All that is now asked is,
while we are reducing taxes, because we have
an overflowing Treasury, that these employes
shall receive the amounts wliieli the House of
the Thirty-Ninth Congress voted that they
should receive, and which they at one time
actually ilnl ri'C^ive and put in their pockets.
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Bpeakei. the Civ/ic
mentum ail hominem does not weigh against the
proposition I have submitted. Myamendmeot
is designed merely to carry out the determina-
tion and judgment, of this House in the Thirty-
Ninth. Congress. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] attempts to raise a "tem-
pest in a tea-pot" about economy. Sir, this
is simply a proposition to do justice by the
expenditure of a few thousand dollars. I am
unwilling the gentleman from Massachusetts
should parade himself before this House and
before the country as the special champion of
economy. I do not desire that he shall in this
way deny justice to these faithful clerks by
announcing himself as par excellence an econ-
omist, when I find that his record on the sub-
ject of economy is so defective. I remember
that the gentleman had no punctilious notions
to prevent him from increasing by millions an
expenditure for the New York and Boston post
offices and custom-houses. But when I pro-
pose here an act of justice to a few faithful
clerks the gentleman attempts to prejudice the
proposition by urging'that it comes from a
Democrat, and to assume for himself a position
as an economist whieh his own record falsifies;
for as regards economy he has been like the
man who, rowing a boat, rowed one way and
looked another. As to the gentleman's threat
of resignation, no man in the House would be
more sorry than myself to see the gentleman
from Massachusetts retire from the chairman-
ship of the Committee on Appropriations; but
I presume the business of the House would go
on notwithstanding his retirement. When the
gentleman stands here to play the part of a
clown 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. RANDALL. I withdraw the expression
I just used. The gentleman is not a clown.
[Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. Debate on the pending
amendment is exhausted.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] to withdraw his
amendment that I may renew it.
Mr. DAWES. I withdraw it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I wish the House to
understand before voting on this amendment
what amount will be paid under it. I have
nothing to do with the question whether the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall]
has been an economist during this and pre-
ceding Congresses—whether he has in this
respect excelled the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts. I do not propose to discuss the con-
sistency of either of the gentlemen. The ques-
tion is simply whether we shall now go back
and increase the compensation paid to the
clerks of this House during the Thirty-Ninth
Congress, by adding twenty per cent, to the pay
which they then received.
I find this resolution commences with the
Chief Clerk here, whose salary was at that
time $2,592; within eight dollars of $2,000 a
year. That is followed by the Journal clerk
ol' the House, who received then, and receives
now, S3,000 a year. It is then proposed to
increase the former $520, and the latter $600
per annum.
Mr. RANDALL. No, sir; only for that
single year.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Well^ for that single
year ; the Chief Clerk $520 for that year, and
the Journal clerk §600 for that year. The bal-
ance of them are to receive some $400. They
received then $2,160 per annum. They re-
ceived then all they are receiving now.
Now, Mr. Speaker, we know that most of the
clerks affected by this resolution are only em-
ployed here during the sessions of the House.
They are at liberty the remaining portion of
the time to go where they please. 1 am A>t
saying the salary of the clerks are too high :
but it was fixed by the Congress of the United
States years ago, and t.hey were receiving in
that particular Congress and in that particular
yar the same they iec;eued prior to thai time
and the same they have been reeehicg since
