1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mit
the Senator from Missouri mean to throw any
reflection upon him?
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, nothing but
the respect which is due to this Senate keeps
back au answer to that question such as the
Senator from Massachusetts would not wish to
hear. I have already disclaimed it, and how
dare the Senator put a question of that kind to
me after I have disclaimed it?
Mr. SUMNER. I have heard no such dis-
claimer.
Mr. DRAKE. I made it. sir, in the hearing
of the Senator.
_ Mr. SUMNER. I understood the Senatorto
disclaim any imputation upon the Senator from
Iowa.
Mr. DRAKE. Upon anybody who advo-
cated it.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well. I am glad to
hear that from the Senator. Now, I proceed.
The Senator throws no imputation upon the
gentleman who introduced it in the House of
Representatives. We all know him. We know
his character, his intelligence, his devotion to
public duly. The origin, therefore, of this
mea&iuc is certainly blameless. It is entitled
to most respectful consideration. Then it is
sustained on this floor by my honorable friend,
the Senator from Iowa, the chairman of that
committee to which these matters are specially
referred. On all questions relating to the In-
dians I am in the habit of deferring to my friend
from Iowa. We have heard him to-day—his
clear, strong, authoritative statement as to the
necessity or the advantage of this proposed
committee.
Now, allow me to add something to what
he has said. We all know that the Senate has
by a resolution during the present session de-
clared that all Indian treaties shall be discussed
in open session. That puts them to a certain
extent within the category of the ordinary
every-day legislative business. It gives to them
an importance beyond that which they once
had, for it subjects them to the all-seeing eye
of the American people. On that account I
find an additional reason for another safe-
guard and another effort to secure for all these
treaties the most careful and ample consider-
ation. That I understand will be secured by
the committee now proposed. At any rate,
here is an effort in the right direction, and it
concerns our treatment of the Indians. They
are among the beneficiaries of this Republic.
We can hardly do too much for them. So loug
as they exist, and that will not be much longer
on this continent, we owe to them special care
and providence. They are our wards. Let us
not disown the great duty. And nowhere is a
measure by which that duty, as I understand,
will be advanced. 1 am unwilling to see this
indefinitely postponed. I hope that the Senate
if it acts upon it to-day will adopt the reso-
lution.
Mr. DAVTS. Mr. President, I am a mem-
ber of the Committee on Indian Affairs. I
have not been a great while on that committee,
and have not had much experience in respect
to its business, and do not profess to have much
knowledge of it; but as an earnest friend of
the Indians, and as an humble member of the
Senate whose fixed purpose it is to stand by
the interests of the Indians, justly and impar-
tially, and firmly, I enter my solemn protest
against the passage of this resolution. With
the Senator from Missouri, without attributing
any motive to anybody, without having any
knowledge that would authorize me to attrib-
ute any such motive to anybody, I believe the
inevitable result of this measure will be. if it
shall be adopted, to induce still further impo-
sitions. frauds, and robberies upon the defense-
less Indians.
Mr. President, this measure contemplates a
bold and a radical innovation upon the Consti-
tution and upon the practice of the Govern-
ment and of the two Houses of Congress from
the beginning. Our Indian relations are as
much a subject, of treaty, according to the
decisions of the Supreme Court, and accord-
ing to the uniform practice of the Government
and of the country from its colonization state,
and by the recognition of every department of
the Government, as are our relations with for-
eign countries. The matter of making Indian
treaties is confided by the Constitution to the
President and to the Senate. The House of
Representatives has no legitimate power what-
ever over the subject of Indian treaties any
more than it has over treaties with foreign
Governments. The House has been indisposed
for the last three or four years to allow the
untrammeled exercise of the treaty-making
power in relation to Indian tribes, and has been
endeavoring to encroach upon that power, as
reposed by the Constitution in the President
and the Senate, and to usurp a portion of it
itself. I think that disposition ought to be firmly
met and inflexibly voted down. It requires
two thirds of the Senate to ratify any Indian
treaty. If you introduce this innovation, and
have all matters of Indian relations first to be
regulated by a joint committee of the two
Houses, a majority of which will make its rec-
ommendation to the two Houses, aud in that
way giving the recommendation a moral force
that will probably succeed in its passage, you
overturn wholly the principle and the adjust-
ment of the treaty-making power in relation to
Indians. I have no doubt that that would be
one of the effects of this measure.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky will suspend. The morning hour has
expired, and the joint resolution in regard to
the Northern Pacific railroad is now before
the Senate, upon which the Senator from Iowa
[Mr. IIami,a;;] is entitled to the floor.
euxeraij 01' general thomas.
Mr. N YE. Will the Senator give way for a
moment?
Mr. HARLAN. I will give way to hear the
purpose stated for which the Senator seeks the
floor.
Mr. NYE. I will state ray purpose. In
view of the peculiar circumstances that, sur-
round us to-day, I rose to move an adjourn-
ment. It seems to me unbecoming that we
should sit here in the transaction of business
while one of our most foremost citizens in war
and in peace is being buried. His death is an
event that has plunged a grateful nation in
mourning, an event which has caused the Pres-
ident and his entire Cabinet to leave this city
to go and attend the funeral. Without enlarg-
ing upon the subject I move, as a mark of re-
spect to the memory of the lamented dead,
that the Senate do now adjourn.
Several Senators. Until Monday next.
Mr. NYE. Very well; I move that the Sen-
ate do now adjourn until Monday next.
Mr. CONKLINC. In that shape the mo-
tion is not in order.
Mr. NYE. Very well; I move simply that
the Senate adjourn.
Mr. THURMAN. Before that is done allow
me to submit the other motion.
Mr. NYE. Very well.
Mr. IIAPkLAN. If we are to adjourn to-day
I think the Senate ought to meet lo-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A motion to
adjourn over can only be entertained by unani-
mous consent during the pendency of another
matter.
Mr. POMEROY. I object.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that when the
Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
Mr. POMEROY. I object. If wo adjourn
to-day let us meet to-morrow.
Mr. CONKLING. I suggeit to thc_ honor-
able Senator from Minnesota that it is in order
for him to move to postpone all other things
in order to submit his motion.
Mr. RAMSEY. Then I make that motion.
Mr. HARLAN. If 1 have the power to
resume the floor 1 will do so.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iowa is entitled to the floor on the measure
before the Senate, and cannot be token from
it except by his own consent
Mr. HARLAN. I. am willing to yield for
the purpose of allowing the question to betaken
oil the motion of the Senator from Nevada.
Mr. NYE. For the reasons that"! have
stated, I move that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and: the Senate
• :rned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, April 8, 1870. '''
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
representative from mississippi.
Mr. PAINE presented the credentials of
Henry W. Barry, claiming a seat as Repre-
sentative-elect from the third district of Mis-
sissippi; which were referred to the Commit-
tee of Elections.
election' 01' representatives.
Mr. PAINE also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (II. R. No. 1715) to provide
for the election of Representatives to the
Forty-Second Congress of the United States;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Elections.
advertising by till! olerk.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
lletolveil. That tho Clerk bo directed to report to
this House at what time, out of what appropriation,
and by what authority of law tho sum of $1,875 has
becu paid to D. 0. Forney for advertising cortain
statements in reference to the Thirty-Seventh Con-
gress.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and also
moved that the motion to rcconsidcr be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order OV business.
Mr. SCHENCK. I call for the regular order.'-'j
The SPEAKER. This being Friday, the"
business in order during the morning hour is
the calling of committees for reports of a pri-
vate nature, beginning with the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
On behalf of the Committee on Military
Affairs, whoso chairman is absent with sonic
other members of the committee by order of
the House, the Chair asks that should the com-
mittee be reached to-day it maybe passed over
and take its place on the call next below the
last committee called to-day.
Mr. ALLISON. I hope there will be no
objection to that request.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
it will be so ordered.
There was no objection.
samuel 1?. buttbrtvortii.
Mr. BOY^D, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported back a bill
(S. No. 349) for the relief of Samuel F. Butter-
worth and others.
The bill was read. It provides that Samuel
F. Butterworth and the heirs and representa-
tives of Arnold Harris, sureties of William G.
Kendall, formerly deputy postmaster of New
Orleans, Louisiana, be released from all claim
which the United States may haveagainstthem
as such sureties; and the Secretary of the
Treasury is directed to cause any judgment now
or hereafter rendered which affects said But-
terworth or said heirs and representatives of
Arnold Harris, as sureties on the bond of said
Kendall, to be canceled and satisfied of record;
and any such judgment is declared satisfied and
discharged.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for tho reading of
the report in this case. ,
The Clerk read as follows:
The Committee on the Post Office and Postlloads;
