1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4405
great trouble and very great expense. If this
bill that the Senator proposes to take up were
to take effect two years hence, two years from
the fall elections, I should have less objection
to it. But if it is to be put in force this fall,
it will be a very great and serious inconven-
ience to the people of several of the most
populous States of the Union. I know in
Ohio it would create very great inconvenience,
and I think it would have a very injurious effect
politically in every other State.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will slate to the Sen-
ator from Ohio, if he has not looked at the
bill 
Mr. SHERMAN. I have not read it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As it has passed the
House of Representatives it does not take effect
till 1872. I will read the first sentence of it;
"That tho Tuesday next after the first Monday of
November in tho yea.rl872 is hereby fixed and estab-
lished as tho day," &c.
That is. two years from this fall. Thai is the
shape in which the bill has passed the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. That would meet my
objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And, if the Senator will
hear one word further, the Committee on the
Judiciary has had this bill under consider-
ation, and has reported it back in the precise
shape in which it passed the House; but my
own judgment would be that we had better
make it apply to the next Congress. But as
the bill has passed the House, and as it is
pending, it does not take effect until the elec-
tion of 1872, and not in the election of 1870.
Mr. SHERMAN. That would certainly meet
my objection that far; but it is a very serious
question as to whether it is advisable to change
the time of holding State elections in those
States to a time different from what they have
been accustomed to for a very long period. I
very much doubt the policy of it, or the polit-
ical expediency of it. These preliminary elec-
tions sometimes afford an indication which it
is very important to preserve. The first point
I made was a fatal one to me, but that seems
to have been obviated by the action of the
committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Illinois moves to postpone the present
and all prior orders, and to proceed to the con-
sideration of the bill indicated by lnrri.
- Mr. MORTON. The provision of tire bill
postponing the operation ot it until 1872 does
not relieve the difficulty so far as Indiana is
concerned. The constitution of Indiana pro-
vides that the State election shall be held on
the second Tuesday in October. I hat cannot
be changed by the Legislature by a mere law,
but the constitution must be amended, lhere
are two ways of amending it; by calling a gen-
eral convention, which would be a very mostly
and cumbersome affair, which would not be
resorted to, or by an act of the Legislature,
which would have to be sanctioned by two
thirds of the Legislature at two regular ses-
sions, the first of which would occur in Jan-
uary, 1871, and the second in January, lb7o.
Now, sir, it would be very objectionable to
us in Indiana to have two elections this year,
or two elections in 1872. It would not be so
objectionable then, because we should have
the presidential election occurring in Novem-
ber of that year. But, sir, we do not want to
have the congressional election occurring m
November and the State election m October.
I would rather have this matter postponed until
we have time to amend our constitution and
make it conform to your law, which will take
us more than two years from this time.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Would a motion be in
order to proceed to the Calendar, and com-
mgnce where we left off last Frioay? If it wou
be in order, I make that motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Calen-
dar is now in ordet; but the Senator from Illi-
nois has moved to postpone all prior orders
and take up the bill he has indicated.
ifr. SPRAGUE. I call for the regular order.
Mr. 'TRUMBULL. There cannot be two
motions pending at the same time, I apprehend.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There can-
not, unless one takes precedence of the other.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I apprehend my motion
to proceed to the consideration-of the bill to
fix the time for the election of Representatives
and Delegates to the Congress of the United
States is in order. I think there is a complete
answer to tho objection made by the Senator
Irom Ohio arfd the Senator from Indiana, and
the answer is this 
Mr. HOWE. 1 riso to a question of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Tho Senator
will slate his question of Older.
Mr. HOWE. Is it ill order to discuss the
merits of the bill on tho motion to take it up?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not propose to do
it. The objection, was made to taking up the
bill that it would interfere with the constitu-
tions of Ohio and Indiana. 1 suppose if it was
in order for others to state that it is in order for
me to state that 1 lie act of Congress would over-
ride the constitutional roouirementjust as much
as it would a statute. This matter has got to
be regulated by Congress, which has the author-
ity to do it. I hopethe Senate will take up the
bill and pass it to-night.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Islho Senate
ready for the question ?
Mr. HOWE. No, sir ; I am not ready for
the question. 1 think of all the bills pending
before the Senate there is tho least reason for
proceeding to the consideration ol this bill at
tiiis time. ° It is a bill which cannot take effect
until next year.
Mr. TlltJMBULL. I propose to make it
take effect this year.
Mr. IIOWE. I am speaking of tho bill as
it is piesented to us. It cannot take effect
until next year. The Senator from Illinois
thought we understood it now bettor than we
should have done if wo had not just been de-
bating another bill, which has not the remotest
relation to this, not any leatnre of it that I can
see. It seems to me we do not understand it
any bettor for having discussed the apportion-
ment bill, from the debate that has already
taken place upon it.
Now, Mr. President, there is a bill pending
before the Senate, and I think we shall save
time by disposing of that bill, or trying to do
so at the present time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is it?
Mr. HOWE. It is the bill that was under
discussion tho last evening session that wo
had, to pay for quartermaster and commissary
stores. ,
Mr. TRUMBULL. Do you want to take
that up ? , .
Mr. HOWE. I do not want to take it up.
It is up, and 1 want it to stay here and have a
vote upon it. It is a bill that was disoussGd all
one evening. 1 hope the Senate will vote upon
it one way "or the other ; and it is very clear
we are to have as long a debate upon the ques-
! tion of postponing this to take up anotner bill
I as we are to have upon the bill itself, so that
I nothing can be made by forcing the motion
which the Senator from Illinois has made.
The PRESIDING OFFICE!!,. Is tho Senate
ready for the question ?
Mr. COLE. The question, I believe, is on
the motion of the Senator from Illinois Y
The PRESIDING OFFICER, lhafc is the
question. ,
Mr COLE. I have a word to say upon that
motion. That bill will lead to embarrassment
in my State as well as in the States already
mentioned. By a law of our Legislature the
congressional election will not take place there
until 1871. .
Mr. MORTON. What time m 18(1 1
Mr COLE. I believe in September, lan.
Mr. MORTON. That is after the next Con-
gress begins.
Mr. TRUMBULL. You will have no mem-
bers, then, at the beginning of the next Con-
gress, and it is vary importaat to your Stats
that the hill should pass.
Mr. -COLE. It ft very true we shall- not
have any members if there is a session, to
commence on the 4th of March, 1871..
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is the law,
Mr. COLE. I know that is the law now;
but there is a proposition pending before Con-
gress to repeal it, and it may be repealed.
This bill will result in adding .to the number
of elections in that State, at all events; and
if it is made to apply to the Congress that is
to be elected this year in most of the States ifc
will necessarily involve embarrassment in that
State, because the machinery for the election
of members of Congress provided by tho laws
of the States would be lacking entirely. I see
that it is a very brief bill, merely fixing tho
time; but I do not know exactly how an elec-
tion for members of Congress could be effected
in the State of California, under the law of
that State in reference to congressional elec-
tions as it at present exists, if this bill should
be passed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Illinois.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. Now I move that the Sen-
ate proceed with the general orders beginning
on page 13, and considering only those thatare
unobjected to. In saying page 13, I take up
the orders where we left off some three or four
weeks ago.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Massachusetts moves that the Senate pass
over all intervening orders and take up un-
objected bills, beginning on page 13 of the
Calendar.
Mr. HOWELL. I object to taking up the
Calendar at that point.
Mr. HAMLIN and Mr. SUMNER. The
motion is not debatable.
Mr. HOWE. I object to the motion.
Sir. HOWELL. 1 do not undnrstand that
we over stopped at that point befoie.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Sen-
ate ready for the question?
Mr. HOWE. I rise to a question of order.
Tho PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator'
will state his point of order.
Mr. HOWE. I desire to know if it-be in
order to move that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of particular bills on the Calen-
dar, and I,hose only, to the exclusion of every-
thin<r PISG ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in
order for the Senator from Massachusetts to
move to proceed to tho consideration of the
specific bill named by him, and by unanimous
consent the Senate can adopt the other por-
tion of the order. .
Mr. HOWE. I ask if he has indicated any
blThe PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir;
the Chair understands that he has.
Mr. HOWE. " I should like to know what
it was. , ,T
Mr. SUMNER. Senate bill No. 386, pre-
scribing the rules of evidence in certain cases.
Mr. HOWE. I did not hear that number
<nven. I understood, to the coutrary of that,
that lie moved to proceed to the consideration,
of bills on the Calendar, commencing on such
a page, which were not objected to.
Mr. SUMNER. That was the form of my
motion; but the bill which I propose to begin
with is the one that I have now read the title ot.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Sen-
ate ready for the question ? _
Mr. HOWE. What is the question I
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On pro-
ceeding to the consideration of the bill mm
cated by the Senator from Massachusetts,
Mr. HOWE. And postponing *!f
°rTho PRESIDING OFFICER. Ye*, sir.
Mr HOWE. I object to that for the same
reason that I objected to the other motion. I
have heard that motion for the first time this
all prior
