1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
261
territory, to land within certain bounds; some-
times to the citizens, sometimes to the existing
administration ; and then, again, to all com-
bined.
Disunion would take a State out, ciyil war
would not. A successful rebellion would carry
away a State, while an unsuccessful one might
for a time carry away a government. The ter-
ritory would remain, the inhabitants would
remain, bat the government would cease or be
suspended or be hostile. Thus it was in the
late rebellion. In that portion held by the in-
surgents the territory was in the Union, the
inhabitants were, but the rebel governments
were not within or in any sense a part of the
Union.
Georgia was a State in rebellion from 1861,
and was our land and her people were our peo-
ple ; but her government from that time to this
has not been ours ; has been hostile, or wholly
or partially in suspense. The effort to restore
Georgia to practical relations with the Union
has been persistent and continued; first by
arms and combat, and then by reorganization
under military power. Open combat in the
field has ceased ; the military organism of
treason is annihilated, but routed in the field
it has taken shelter by the fireside, in the social
circle, and the secret society, and to this
hour has kept the authority of the State, as a
law-abidiDg member of the Union, in suspense.
The most authentic and reliable information
is to the effect that no civil government what-
ever exists in many parts of the State. The
protection of the law is not given to life or
property. Crimes of all grades and of the most
heinous nature are perpetrated without punish-
ment, without the arrest of criminals, and even
pass unnoticed. The officers of the law dare
not do their duties; citizens dare not inform
upon criminals, and wall not testify ; and in
many instances both citizens and magistrates
willingly wink at the most terrible crimes.
These crimes, let it be remembered, are com-
mitted by men hostile to the Government who
are enraged because the negroes have been en-
franchised, who despise Union men of both
colors. These crimes are aimed at loyal men,
and are not in the nature of ordinary violations
of civil and criminal law. In other words, the
hostility which for four years armed itself and
marched under the confederate flag boldly, now
prowls at midnight and in secret places, in dis-
guise, as terrible and malignant as when its
great leaders were intrenched at Richmond.
The practical question is, how shall this re-
bellious power be overthrown? Must we recog-
nize it as a legitimate part of our political sys-
tem? Must we admit that we have smitten
military power from the hands of rebels only
to clothe them with the same amount of power
as civilians? Must we overlook the condition
of the country and forget that these disorders
come from opposition and hatred inspired by
treasonable sentiments? Must we fold our
hands and appeal to the courts of justice for the
protection of rights and the punishment of
crimes, when judges, juries, witnesses, the peo-
ple themselves, either fear to do justice or delight
in evil doing? Under ordinary circumstances
State authority is ample for the suppression of
crimes, but here the State abdicates its power,
ignores its 'functions, or aids and abets the
criminal. In such a case must the nation be
silent? Must the nation wink at these crimes,
and permit the weak to be oppressed because
of their loyalty and devotion to it? Would not
a system deserve overthrow which would
tolerate such crimes?
But it is urged that Georgia having com-
plied with the reconstruction acts, and having
been admitted to representation in Congress,
cannot now be dealt with in the manner pro-
posed. Now, the acts of reconstruction were
not intended as a vain and empty ceremony,
but were provided for the restoration of peace
and security in the region to which they applied;
they were made in good faith, and it was ex-
pected and understood that they should be
complied with in good faith. By them the
freedmen were enfranchised and suffrage and
the right to hold office clearly conferred; yet,
notwithstanding this, the Legislature of Georgia
deprived them of the right to hold office, and
expelled them from that body. In other words,
the white rebel element of Georgia, through
their representatives in the Legislature, have
violated the conditions of the reconstruction
laws and repudiated them, and cannot now
claim from any one a compliance with them.,
They have broken faith as soon as admitted
to representation here, and overthrown the
very bulwarks which the authors of reconstruc-
tion erected for the defense of Union men;
they have effectually annulled the reconstruc-
tion acts ; and to-day we are attempting to
restore that work and complete those needful
defenses. No act of tyranny, no hard condi-
tion, no measure of coercion is resorted to;
Georgia is left free to remain as she is or to
adopt the fifteenth amendment to the Constitu-
tion, which places Union men beyond the reach
of those measures of oppression now imposed
on them.
Again, it is said that so long as Congress
exercises military authority over Georgia she
has no power as an independent State to ratify
the fifteenth amendment to the Constitution.
To this it may be said that a ratification is not
compelled or coerced or forced upon Georgia.
That State is free to stay unrepresented, free
to ratify or refuse, forever if she chooses. The
fifteenth amendment became in the work of
reconstruction a public necessity. The peace,
the rights of property, the security of person,
the safety of life of the citizen in the late rebel-
lious districts required imperiously this meas-
ure. This was a step in reconstruction just as
vital and important as the admission of a State
to representation in Congress; indeed, much
more so. Although an important element in
reconstruction, admission to representation is
much less important than those preceding it-
Some members, regarding this matter of rep-
resentation as the only step to be taken, have
repeated the hundredth time that when the
war was over at once rebels were clothed with
all political rights as loyal citizens; maintain-
ing the monstrous absurdity that the war had
no results but victory in the field, and that the
whole contest was a mere trial of the strength
of different sections of the Union. It is too
late now to combat such heresies. The very
essence of reorganization and reconstruction
implies that States lately in rebellion shall come
back subject to and yielding voluntary and pre-
cedent submission to the new state of affairs.
Their own acts of rebellion had altered the con-
dition of affairs, had overturned the social fabric,
had changed the whole face of society, and yet
they are the first to complain that the old order
of things, which they have obliterated, is not
restored and they set back to the position they
had before the war. No power on earth could
do that. The work of reconstruction was to
be framed out of the material at hand—much
of it poor enough; much of it badly damaged
by the ravages of war; much of it doubtful
and dangerous; aud the madness which would
intrust immediately this work to the subdued
enemies of the country at the close of the war
is only equaled to-day by the folly of those who
contend that a recusant and faithless State like
Georgia shall be permitted to pursue her crim-
inal career and defy the whole nation in com-
pleting these salutary measures.
It may be well to briefly review the acts of
legislation touching the reconstruction of Geor-
gia. The first one was of the 2d of March,
1867, and provided for military districts, and
under their commanders a civil organization,
which was to be provisional until the State was
admitted to representation in both Houses of
Congress; and further, that no person excluded
by the proposed fourteenth amendment of the
Constitution should hold office there. The next
act on the subject is that of the 23d of March,
1867, and among its provisions was one that
any nerson who had held any executive or judi-
cial office or had been a member ot the Legis-
lature and afterward engaged in rebellion
should, like those named in the fourteenth
amendment, be excluded from office. ^ Author-
ity was given to form State constitutions, and
it was expressly provided that everything was
to be done in strict compliance with the acts of
reconstruction. The act of July, 18G7, comes
next, again affirming the same provisions and
defining more clearly the classes of persons who
could not hold offices under these provisional
State governments. In June, 1868, almost a
year having elapsed, Congress again passed an
act upon the subject of reconstruction, and de-
claring that Georgia had framed a constitution
republican inform; that the State, with others,
should be entitled to representation upon the
adoption of the fourteenth amendment, and
again reiterated :
"But no person prohibited from holding office un-
der the United States, or under any State, by section
three of tho proposed amendment to tie Constitution
of the United States known as article fourteen shall
be deemed eligible to any office in either of said
States."
Could language be plainer? Could injunc-
tions be more explicit? Could a public declar-
ation of the qualifications of office-holders in
the reconstructed States be more unmistak-
able?
In pursuanceoftheselawselectionswereheld
for members of the Legislature. Some twenty-
eight negroes were elected, and taking their
seats held them for a few weeks, and uutil
expelled from them by the white members
because they were colored men. Kebels hav-
ing but a minority vote, their rebel competi-
tors, whom they had defeated at the polls, were
hunted up and placed in their seats. No re-
gard was paid to the acts of reconstruction,
none to the fourteenth amendment. These
rebels sworn in tool: their seats, andhavebeen
with their other recusant and rebellions con-
freres enacting the farce of mock legislation
for the oppressed people of Georgia. A bald,
open, unqualified defiance of the laws and Con-
stitution is made in the very work of recon-
struction, and we are called upon to ratify it
by the admission of Representatives under such
a state of facts. No men endued with reason
and self-respect can be expected to do such an
act. No legislators worthy of the name would
falter one moment as to the course to be pur-
sued. Whatever legislation is necessary to
complete the work should at once be enacted.
Now, what is proposed to be done ? Simply
this: to reassemble the Legislature and re-
quire of the members an oath in accordance
with the acts of reconstruction and the four-
teenth amendment, and excluding such as do
notor cannot take the oath; and, guarding
against the exclusion of persons on account of
race, color, or previous condition of servitude,
giving the Governor of the State all needful
military assistance, concluding by a require-
ment that the fifteenth amendment shall be
ratified before Senators and Representatives
are admitted to seats in Congress.
Georgia is in a state of anarchy. The State
authority is powerless. The only resort is to
the power of the United States. The partial
experiment of reconstruction failed. It must
be tried again, and again if this one fails. The
power of the Government is not and cannot he
expended by one effort or by two. No num-
ber of times can limit or exhaust the force of
the United States in the great and beneficent
work of reconstruction. As often as it fails,
as long as it lags, it is the duty of thy peopUi
to urge on the work, until every State s-hall
resume harmonious relations to every other
one, and to the grand unit embracing all.
Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I would not riso
at this late hour to make any remarks upon
the bill which is now before this House were
it not that I occupy a position upon this floor
different from that of every other gentleman.
I stand here, sir, this evening the only repre-
sentative of a sovereign State in this Union ,
