1870.
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3461
paraguay.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following; resolution; which was
referred under the law to the Committee on
Printing:
Resolved, That five hundred extra copies of the
report and testimony of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs on the Paraguayan investigation be printed
for the use of the House.
ORDERING AN BVENING SESSION.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise for the purpose of
moving that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union upon the special order; but before sub-
mitting that motion I move that the Committee
of the Whole be directed to take a recess at
half past four o'clock till half past seven.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire that the House
may have an opportunity to decide whether it
will proceed to business on the Speaker's table
for one hour, especially as it is the intention
to have an eveniug session. There are more
than one hundred bills on the table.
The SPEAKER. The motion to go into
Committee of the Whole will take precedence.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I so understand; but
I hope the House will vote it down.
The SPEAKER. Should the House nega-
tive the motion to go into the Committee of
the Whole, the Chair will recognize the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Ikgersoll] to make the
motion to go to business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I wish
to ask the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means whether he thinks it well to bring
us here to-night? We have had a session almost
every night recently. I find that a great many
gentlemen who vote for night sessions do not
attend them. I shall vote against a night ses-
sion, but shall probably attend. I object to
making men work here not only all day, but
also all night, at the expense of their health.
Mr. SCHENCK. Every gentleman will
judge of that matter for himself. I have sim-
ply to say that inasmuch as the House has given
itself a holiday to-morrow, members will doubt-
less enjoy their excursion very much more if
they carry with them the consciousness of hav-
ing worked hard for the public up to the last
hour, and thus done their duty to their con-
stituents. I want every member when he goes
upoa the excursion to-morrow to carry with him
that consciousness.
Mr. ALLISON. That is a.very good moral
reflection. 1 hope the House will acknowledge
its force.
The SPEAKER. Before putting the ques-
tion on the motion of the gentlemau from
Ohio [Mr. Schenck] the Chair will, with the
consent of the House, dispose of several
requests for withdrawal papers, leave of ab-
sence, &c.
melissa rankin.
On motion of Mr. COBURN, by unanimous
consent, the Committee of Claims was dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
bill(H. R. No. 1966) for the relief of Melissa
Rankin, mother of O. S. Rankin, late first
lieutenant tenth Indiana volunteers, and the
same was referred to the Committee on Inva-
lid Pensions.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPBR8.
Mr. CESSNA., by unanimous consent, ob-
tained leave to withdraw from the files of the
House, for reference to the Commissioner of
Pensions, papers in the case of Jacob Baugh-
man, asking for a pension.
leave of absence.
Mr. HAMBLETON and Mr. STONE, by
unanimous consent, obtained leave of absence
for one week from next Monday.
TheSPEAKER. Thegentleman from Penn-
sylvania, Mr. Van Aoken, asks leave of ab-
sence till Thursday next.
Mr. SCOFIELD. What is the reason as-
signed?
Hie SPEAKER. No reason has been stated
to the Chair.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Is unanimous consent
necessary to grant leave?
TheSPEAKER. It is.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I do not want to object
to granting a week's leave of absence to my
colleague, [Mr. Van Auken,] or anybody else ;
but I believe that I shall hereafter object to
granting such leave in any case unless the
member assign some good reason for absence—
sickness or something of thatkind. Some mem-
bers have obtained indefinite leave of absence,
and have been absent from the House an indefi-
nite length of time attending to their private
business. I think there ought to be some check
upon this practice.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to make
a statement in reply to inquiries which have
been made by several gentlemen. Some mem-
bers are under the impression that a leave of
absence exempts them from the operation of
the law which provides for a forfeiture of pay
during absence. It has been decided over and
over again that a leave of absence does not
affect at all the operation of that law.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will unite with the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] in
objecting hereafter to leave of absence in every
case unless a good reason is given for asking
leave.
Mr. COVODE. And then stop the pay.
ORDERING AN EVENING SESSION.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Schenck,] that the Committee of the Whole
on the special order be directed to take a
recess at half past four o'clock p. m. till half
past seven.
On the motion there were—ayes 54, noes 67.
Mr. SCHENCK. I call for the yeasand nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 88, nays 73, not voting
67; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Arnell,
Asper, Atwood, Beatty, Benjamin, Blair, Boyd,
George M. Brooks, Buffinton, Burchard, Burdett,
Roderick R. Butler, Cessna, Churchill.Sidney Clarke,
Amasa Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Covode, Cowles,
Dawes, Degener, Dickey, Donley, Duval, Farns-
worth, Ferriss, Ferry, Finkelnburg, Garfield. Hale,
Hawley, Heflin,Hill,IIoar,IIoge,Ingersoll, Kelley,
Kellogg, Kelscy.Ketcham, Lawrence, Lynch, May-
nard, McCarthy, McCrary, McGrew, McKee, Elia-
kim H.Moore, Jesse H. Moore, William Moore,
Daniel J. Morrell, Myers, O'Neill, Packer, Peck,
Perce. Peters, Poland, Roots, Sanford, Sargent, Saw-
yer. Schenck, Scofield, Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon,
Porter Sheldon, John A. Smith, Worthington C.
Smith. Stoughton. Strickland, Strong, Tanner, Till-
ljfjan, Townsend, Twichell, Tyner. Van Wyek, Cad-
waladerC. Washburn, Wheeler, Whitmore, Willard,
Williams, and John T. Wilson—83.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Axtell, Barry, Beaman,
Beck, Bennett, Biggs, James Brooks, Buckley, Burr,
Benjamin F. Butler, Calkin, William T. Clark, Cleve-
land, Conner, Davis, Dickinson, Dixon, Dox, Dyer,
Eldridge, Fisher, Getz, Gibson, Gilfillan, Griswokl,
H&ight, Hambleton, Harris, Hawkins, Hays, Judd,
Laflin.Lash, Lewis, Logan, Louehridge, Mayham,
McKenzie, McNeely, Morphis, Morrissey, Niblaek,
Orth, Packard, Paine, Potter, Randall, Reeves,
Rice, Rogers, Schumaker, Sherrod, Shober, Slocuui,
Joseph S. Smith, William J. Smith, AVilliam Smyth,
Stevens, Stiles, Stokes, Stone, Swann, Sweeney,
Taffe, Taylor, Van Auken, Van Trump, Voorkees,
Wilkinson, Eugene M. Wilson, Wood, and Wood-
ward—73.
NOT VOTINGt—Messrs. Adams, Armstrong, Ayer,
Bailey, Banks, Barnum, Benton, Bingham, Bird,
Boles, Booker. Bowen, Buck, Cake, Clinton L.Cobb,
Cook, Cox, Crebs, Cullom, Dockery, Els, Fitch,
Fox, Haldeman, Hamill, Hamilton, Hay, Heaton,
Holman, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Jenekes, Johnson,
Alexander H. Jones, Thomas L.Jones, Julian, Kerr,
Knapp, Knott, Marshall, McCormick, Mercur,
Milnes, Morgan, Samuel P. Morrill, Mungen, Neg-
ley, Palmer, Phelps, Piatt. Pomeroy, Porter, Prosscr,
Ridgway, Starkweather, Stevenson, Strader, Trim-
ble, Upson. Van Horn, Ward, William B. Wash-
burn, Welker, Welis, Winans, Winchester, and
Witcher—67.
So the motion for a recess was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I hope gentlemen will
not object now, as we have ordered an even-
ing session, to our going to the business upon
the Speaker's table, ana devoting an hour or
two to its consideration. We will promote
the public business much more by doing S©
than by going at once into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union and
taking up the tariff bill.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is
on the motion of the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schenck] that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I hope that will be
voted down.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
78, noes 28.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Schenck and
Mr. Ingersoll were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 111, noes 7.
So the motion was agreed to.
TARIFF.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Wheeler in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the special order,
being the bill (H. R. No. 1068) to amend exist-
ing laws relating to the duty on imports, and
for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will read the
pending paragraph.
| The Clerk read as follows:
; j On flour or meal of oats, 1 cent per pound; of wheat,
•; rye, corn, or buckwheat, one half cent per pound.
j The CHAIRMAN. The pending question
; is on the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] to strike out in line four
hundred and eighty-eight "half," bo it will
i*6£ici '*1 cent "
Mr. CHURCHILL. Mr. Chairman, I rise
to oppose the amendment, not because I desire
to lessen at all any proper protection afforded
by this bill to the agricultural interests of the
country, but because the rate fixed as it would
! be by the amendment of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means would be ex-
cessive. The chairman at the close of his
remarks last evening referred to a memorial
which came from the Board of Trade of the
; city of Oswego, and said he supposed they
« were a commercial body, and therefore anxious
| for low duties. That memorial is as follows:
I To Hon. Robert C. Schbnck, Chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, Washington, I). (J.:
The Board of Trade of the city of Oswego, New
York, believing that many changes might be mado
in the existing tariff whereby the revenue of the
1 country might be increased and no detriment ensue
• to any of the great industrial interests of the nation,
i i but, on tho contrary, be of vast benefit to the same,
have through a special committee examined into the
! working of the duties now levied and collected on
jl wheat and rye, and beg leave to suggest a reduction
of 10 cents duty per bushel on the former, and 5 cents
per bushel on the latter named grains, and for the
following reasons:
1. The present high rate of duties is nearly or quite
prohibitory. Since the abrogation of the reciprocity
treaty the receipts from those sources at this port,
where the great bulk of these grains are imported,
has steadily bat rapidly declined, as will be seen by
official records intheeustom-house. The total duties
collected on wheat for the season of 1867 were$106,879;
1868, $86,430; 1869, $50,976. Tho duties for tho year
1869 would have been still more largely diminished
had it not been that during tho winter of 1868-69 the
scarcity of white wheat mado large importations a
necessity. Since that time the price of wheats has
largely declined, so that at tho present time the low
price ruling almost ontircly prohibits importations,
2. As a consequence resulting from the non-im-
portation of these grains our carrying trade goffers.
It is true that they may be imported and transported
in bond to New York or other exporting ports, but
having entirely lost the benefits of ourmarkets, for
the reasons abovo assigned, they seek the markets
of Montreal and Quebec, as will appear by the trade
reports of those cities, tho receipts and shipments
of wheat at those points having aa largely increased
as those of our ports have decreased. In the item
of wheat alone the receipts at Montreal during the
past season has increased several million bushels.
The receipts of wheat at Montreal for the pa t
three years are as follows: , ,
, • Jsuihch.
186 7   2,939,307
186 8     2,426.879
186 9     —.7,317,470
3. As the English and continental markets, and
notour own, govern and control the price of these
grains, no detriment can ensue to our farming inter-
ests were the whole instead of a part of the duty
abrogated. TJms? graio now susk the English mar-
