2518
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
to whom was referred the memorial of Samuel J:\
Butterworth, praying Congress to rolcu-so him and
tlio heirs of Arnold Harris from all liabilities as
sureties 011 the bond of W. G. Kendall, late deputy
postmaster at New Orleans, ami to whom also
referred Senato bill No. 319 on the same subject,
report that the facts of the case are as follows:
1. In April, 1853, W. G. KembHi was appointed
postmaster at New Orleans, S. P. Butterworth and
Arnold Harris being his sureties.
2. In 1855 Kendall was indicted 011 a charge of
purloining from the jikuIs, tried, and acquitted.
3. After his arrest, and prior to the trial, tho Post
Office Department statod against him an account,
showing a biilaucc of £10,83!) It'.
4. I11 January, 1855, the amount was demanded of
Buttorworth, and was piomptly paid by hiin and
Harris.
5. Kendall emigrated to Mexico, and afterward,
in September, 1856, the Post Offico Department de-
manded of Butterworth and Harris the further sum
of $5,363 -17, stating that an error liad been luado in
the account.
li. In May, 1857, judgment was rendered against
the parties to the bond tor the last-named sum.
7. In 1858 Congress was memorialized for relief
from tho claim, and, at tho second session Thirty-
l<'ifth Congress, a bill for the purpose passed the Sen-
ate unanimously.
(See Congressional Globe, parti, 2d scss., 185$, 1850.
p. 054.)
8. Tho bill was not reached in Ihe House.
o. At the noxt session tho bill was again reported,
and passed the Senato unanimously.
(Congressional Globe, part 2,185U, I860, p. 961. Soo
< epics in the Ilu;uo binary, as theie is a ditference
11, the binding.)
10. i'lio bill was revolted favorably in tho House,
inil not reached.
11. The disri u;t attorney lor California hns brought
. int. against Butterworth for the amount of thejudg-
laent.
1l\ The otliersiuety, Ilanis, isdead.
The facts will be found in the memorial, and tho
tienatc proceedings as reported in the Globe, and in
I In- report of the Senato Post Officc Committee, April
5,1858.
Buttorworth's and Harris's equity is, that by the
blunder of a drunken clerk they were deprived of all
ieuour.-.o against Kendall, whom the Government
pcimiltcd Lo leave the country; that but for such
blunder the money might have been made out of
property then owned by Kendall, but which ho after-
vr:ird dit'poied of beforo the additional sum was
ehiimod by tho Government; and in tho lact that
when a surety on a Government bond pays it on
demand, and without question, he should be dealt
Kith leniently, that other sureties may bo encour-
aged to follow his example. Harris is now dead.
Y our committee think that the sureties are entitled
to the rolief sought. They therefore report the bill
back with amendments, and recommend its passage
so amended.
Tlie bill was ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. BOYD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid 011 the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
it. A wmTTttMORt;
Mr. BOYD also, from the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, reported ad-
versely upon the petition of citizens of Arkan-
sas, praying for the relief of II. A. Whitte-
more as surety for Charles A. Burns; which
was laid on the table.
A. A. VAN'CK.
Mr. TYNER, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported a bill
(H. II. No. 1716) for the relief of A. A. Vance,
postmaster at Morristown, New Jersey; which
was read a first, and second time.
The bill was read. It requires the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury Depart-
ment to allow A. A. Vance, postmaster at
Morristown, New Jersey, a credit of the sum
of $500 on settlement of his accounts at the
Post Office Department, being the amount lost
in consequence of the larceny of that sum,
stolen on the night of the 2d of April last from
the post office at Morristown, New Jersey ;
provided that on examining the accounts of
the said A. A. Vance, the Sixth Auditor shall
deem him justly entitled to the credit and
shall certify his approval thereof.
Mr. IIOLMAN. Ifthereisany report accom-
panying the bill I should be glad to have it
read if it is not lengthy.
The SPEAKER. It is lengthy.
Mr. TYNER. I will make a brief statement
of the facts. The post office at Morristown,
New Jersey, was entered by burglars during
(he month of April last, and the safe in which
the stamps and postage funds were kept was
blown open by the use of powder, and some
three hundred dollars in postage stamps, and
about two hundred dolls,rs_ iu postal funds of
various kinds were stolen. The proof is that the
safe used by the postmaster was a first-class one
of the Herring make. There are also affida-
vits of the postmaster and his clerfe as to the
amount of stamps and funds in the safe at the
time of the robbery. I11 all something like
five hundred dollars was taken. I went to the
Post Office Department and examined the
report of the special agent detailed to make
the investigation, and that shows the robbery
was of such a character as could not have beeu
prevented by the use of ordinary diligence and
care.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Is
there a bank in Morristown?
Mr. TYNER. In reference to that fact we
have not ascertained. There is no place pro-
vided for his keeping tho funds.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Iwish
to say a word to the House. This is a case in
which it is proposed to relieve not only for
stamps but for money. As the gentleman has
said, there is no special authority aa to where
the postmaster shall keep his funds; but he is
responsible for those funds, and if he loses tho
money of the Government the universal course
taken by the Committee of Claims is, if he
does not show he has used all the care and
caution which a good man would use in the
transaction of his business, 110 relief should bo
granted. No good business man leaves his
money in an ordinary safe where there is a
bank in which he can deposit it.
This shows the difficulty of different com-
mittees reporting on claims of this nature.
Here is a claim for losses by a postmaster. We
have claims for losses by internal revenue
officers. If all these different claims are to
be reported 011 by these different committees,
then there is 110 longer any necessity for a Com-
mittee of Claims. We have endeavored to
establish a principle, which principle is this:
that where stamps were kept in the safest pos-
sible place, and they were stolen or burnt up,
relief should be afforded. But here is a case
where money is proposed to be refunded to
this officer. Unless we are going to adopt a
principle that any postmaster leaving his
money in an ordinary safe and losing it shall
have relief, then the House ought not to do it
in this case. I only wish to call the attention
of the House to the precedent which it is pro-
posed to adopt, a precedent that this Govern-
ment shall be an insurer for all moneys in the
hands of any postmaster throughout the coun-
try. That is the simple point here. If that
precedent be established by relieving this post-
master, it is a precedent which never yet has
been established in this House, so far as the
Committee of Claims is concerned.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts whether relief has been confined
to postage stamps and not extended to money
lost?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
have never known relief to be extended for
the loss of money under these circumstances,
and for stamps stolen only when kept in the
safest possible place.
Mr. MAYNARD. Suppose a bailee for hire
should lose funds under like circumstances ;
would lie be entitled to relief?
Mr. TYNER. So far as the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads understand,
this postmaster did exercise ordinary diligence
in keeping these funds in one of Herring's best
safes. I will answer the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts by saying that the law prohibits this
officer depositing his funds anywhere else than
as he kept them. Shall the faithful officer be
punished for complying with the law? I yield
now to my colleague 011 the committee from
New Jersey, [Mr. Hill.]
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I am acquainted
with this postmaster, and I know him to be a
gentleman of high character and a good busi-
ness man. He stands, in the estimation of the
Post Office Department, as one of their best
officers holding the position of postmaster. He
has done everything in his power to take care
of the funds intrusted to him and to protect
the Government. In the affidavits he has made
and laid before the committee he .shows that
there were taken about three hundred dollars
worth of postage stamps, $200 in money orders,
and other funds belonging:to the Department,
the whole amounting in the aggregate to a lit-
tle over five hundred dollars. The amount
allowed is placed in the bill at $500. This is
no unusual case. Such cases have often been
before the House, and the losses have been
made good. I hope there will be no objection
in this instance, and that the bill will pass.
Mr. WILLARD. I would ask the gentle-
man from Indiana whether Mr. Vance lost
any moneys of his own?
Mr. TYNER. There was no evidence be-
fore the committee whether he did or not. I
move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr, WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
would suggest to the gentleman from Indiana
that he allow the bill to go to the Committee
of Claims. If he will yield to me I will make
a motion to that effect.
Mr. TYNER. I decline to yield for that
purpose.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
think the bill establishes quite a different pre-
cedent from what has hitherto prevailed. I
propose to call for the yeas and nays on the
passage of the bill, because I shall consider it
as an instruction 01 this House to the Commit-
tee of Claims in similar oases.
Mr. HILL. I would say to the gentleman
that this is no new case. We have had similar
matters before the committee, and the House
has passed bills of this character with scarcely
any objection.
Mr. TYNER. The gentleman from New
Jersey states correctly, that this is an ordinary
case.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. TYNER. I move the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
demand the yeas and nays on the passage of
the bill.
On ordering the yeas and nays there were—•
ayes sixteen; not one fifth voting affirmatively.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I de-
mand tellers on ordering the yeas and nays.
On ordering tellers there were—ayes seven-
teen ; not a sufficient number voting affirma-
tively.
So tellers were refused; and the yeas and
nays were refused.
The bill was passed.
Mr. ALLISON. 1 move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed.
Mr. TYNER. And I move that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The question was put on the motion to lay
011 the table; and there were—ayes 39, noes 32;
no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rules, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Allison and Mr.
Tyner.
The House divided; aud there were—ayes
73, noes 40.
So the motion to reconsider the vote by which
the hill was passed was laid on the table.
TIMOTHY BAKER
Mr. FERRY, from the same committee, re-
ported back, with the recommendation that it
do pass, the bill (H. R. No. 1691) for the relief
of Timothy Baker, of St. John's, Michigan.
