262
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
for there is no, gentleman here I can claim as
my colleague—a State which, like Georgia, was
one of the original thirteen which formed the
American Union. And the bill in reference
to Georgia now introduced before this House
is, iii my humble judgment, one of the most
outrageous in its character that was ever intro-
duced into an American Congress. It is such 1
a measure, all in all, as to shock the sensibilities
of any man who loves his country and values
her free institutions, which have been the means
of its strength and prosperity.
1 have listened to the debate from its com-
mencement. I have heard the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] who has this bill
in charge appealing to the sympathy of this
side of the House for one Governor Bullock.
Sympathy for him, sir? Does he merit any
sympathy from any man so far as it regards his
public acts? Has he not been condemned by
the State treasurer of Georgia, one of his own
party ? Who is this Governor Bullock ? The
honorable gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Beck,] in his searching argument, in his pow-
erful reasoning, has let us know who he is.
The letter written by the treasurer of the State
of Georgia in reference to Governor Bullock's
official acts, and which was read to-day in this
House, in my judgment consigns hint to a
political grave. His political integrity is im-
peached by a member of his own party ; yet,
sir, what do we find proposed in the seventh
section of this bill:
That upon the application of the Governor of G cor-
gia tho President of the United States shall employ.
raeh military or naval forces of tho United States as
may bo necessary to enforco anil execute tho pre-
ceding provisions of this act.
To whom are the Army and Navy to be
sent? ToGovernorBullock, tho" loyal man,"
this pink of Radicalism, who so much loves
his country, perhaps too proud to beg and too
lazy to work, yet ever ready to servo his country
for a consideration. He loves his country,
and, like lovers, lingers only just so long as
she has greenbacks to finger. He serves his
country and himself to pay! Look at the letter
from the treasurer of the State of Georgia.
What does that gentleman state? That there
is money which Governor Bullock has not
accounted for.
Now, Mr. Speaker, my time is nearly ex-
pired, but ou behalf of the State of Delaware
1 appeal to the Republicans of this House to
nay whether or not they will put their iron
 rasp 011 a sovereign State and say that she
hliuti be subjected to this fifteenth amendment.
By so doing you in effect destroy the sover-
eignty of the States, for in all amendments to
tho Constitution of the United States the will
of tho^ people must be fairly expressed and
that without coercion.
Sir, the Constitution of the United States,
framed by the wisdom of our ancestors, never
dreamed that the States should ratify by their
Legislatures amend merits thereto without those
States were left free to the exercise of volition,
free to accept or reject amendments without
coercive force of Congress. But, sir, accord-
ing to_ the provisions contained in this bill,
Georgia is to remain out of the Union until
she ratifies such amendments to the Consti-
tution as a Republican Congress impose upon
her. You make, to her propositions utterly at
variance with the rights of a free people. True,
you have^ the power. Yes, sir, the Republic-
ans in this Congress have the power to humil-
iate Georgia by subjecting her people to the
domination of adventurers and carpet-baggers;
but, as was so eloquently said by the honorable
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Mougax,] the peo-
ple will send to the Forty-Second Congress
.Representatives of the Democratic faith who
will protect the sovereignty of the States, who
will maintain that equality between State and
Federal Government, maintaining each in its
appropriate sphere. Sir, you have the same
power to say that Delaware shall be recon-
structed, or Ohio, or New York.
When was Georgia out of the Union ? You
raised your a.rmies; you fought the battle ;
you won the victory. You said that Georgia
should not go out of the Union. And now,
after four years have expired, what has been
the result? Your Army and your Navy, your
bayonet and your musket, have still to.be
appealed to that you may trample upon the
rights and liberties of the people of Georgia.
Georgia has been admitted into the Union ;
she has complied with all your reconstruction
acts; she has elected her Senators and her
Representatives; but the Republican party of
this House have constituted themselves her
guardian, and holding the key to this Cham-
ber, deny her admission until she adopts an
amendment which a free and brave people can
view in no other light than degrading and hu-
miliating. Sir, had such a bill as this been
introduced in the Congress of the United States
twelve or fifteen years ago it would have con-
vulsed this empire from the Atlantic to the
Pacific seas. It would have caused this nation
to reel and rock as if shaken by a mighty
earthquake. It would have caused such an
indignation in the minds of the American peo-
ple, jealous of their rights and liberty, that they
would assemble here en masse and gather up
both Houses of Congress and pitch them head
and heels into the Potomac. Sir, pass this bill
in its present obnoxious shape, and you strike
a blow at the pillars on which our republican
edifice rests. Pass this bill and you strike
down the sovereignty of the States and open
the way to a consolidated government, and
my own little "Diamond State" is crushed.
Sir, in behalf of the brave and generous people
I have the honor to represent on this floor I
protest against the passage of this bill.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GETZ. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. BIGGS. It was understood, I believe,
that when I finished my remarks I should move
an adjournment.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Getz] yield to
the gentleman from Delaware for that purpose ?
Mr. GETZ. I promised the gentleman on
my right from South Carolina [Mr. Hoge] to
yield to him for five minutes.
Mr. HOGE. Mr. Speaker, I do not propose
at this late hour to go into any discussion of
the merits of the bill. But I will say that I
advocate the bill on behalf of the thousands
of colored men who are suffering, not only in
Georgia, but through the southern States gen-
erally. I advocate the bill, and tho only objec-
tion I have to it is that it is not general in its
application to all the States that have failed to
come up to the letter of the law with a view to
their being reconstructed.
I know of what I speak. My State borders
on Georgia. The Savannah river is the bound-
ary line between the two States; and I know
from my own personal experience that day after
day and month after month, during the past
year, murder has been perpetrated on the
peaceable citizens, not only of Georgia, but
of South Carolina, and that the murderers
have been protected in Georgia by the authori-
ties there. In my own district, on the Savannah
river, there has been an average of three
murders a week, and yet nobody was punished
for these crimes. When a man commits a
murder in South Carolina he makeshis escape
into Georgia, and there he is safe ; and these
loyal, reconstructed men of Georgia are the
men who take these murderers into their
families and protect them, and aid them to
make their escape from the officers of the law.
Last year, during the campaign in the three
or four congressional districts of South Caro-
lina which border on Georgia, three hundred
colored men were murdered for their political
opinions because they dared to assert their
right as freemen to vote the Republican ticket.
I say there were three hundred murdered, and
1 venture to say that no man, not even any
Democrat, will dare to deny that this statement
is true.
On behalf of the colored people, therefore,
I ask that this bill be passed as it comes to this
House from the Senate, without any amend-
ment. I ask that it be passed as an act of
justice to the loyal people of Georgia, because
they are looking to the Congress of the United
States for their protection and vindication.
And in course of time I hope to see my learned
friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,] who so
ably argued his own side of the case, agree to
have the same protection applied to Kentucky
until every loyal citizen of that State shall have
his rights secured to him as well as those of
Georgia, South Carolina, and all the other
States of the Union. It is only a matter of
time when this shall be the case.
Mr. BECK. Will the gentleman from South
Carolina yield to me. for a question ?
Mr. HOGE. Certainly.
Mr. BECK. Does the gentleman mean to
say that the loyal people of the State of Ken-
tucky require protection?
Mr. HOGE. I suppose there are very nearly
one hundred thousand colored men who are
deprived of their rights in Kentucky to-day.
Mr. BECK. Have any murders been com-
mitted ?
Mr. HOGE. Any amount of murders have
been committed in Kentucky, and I can furnish
my friend on the other side with any amount
of evidence. I can furnish evidence where they
have not only been murdered, but the courts
of his State and the juries, sworn to do justice
according to law, have failed to do it in behalf
of colored men.
Mr. BECK. On this floor I deny that state-
ment unless facts are furnished, and I chal-
lenge the gentleman to produce facts.
Mr. HOGE. I can furnish the facts. Mr.
Speaker, I want to see this oath administered
to the people who take their seats in the Legis-
lature of Georgia, that they are loyal to the
Union ; and I hope to see the day in this great
Republic of ours when no man can stand upon
this floor to represent any constituency until
he can hold his hand up in the sight of Heaven
and take the oath that he is loyal to his coun-
try. When that is done we shall no longer
hear voices come np here and eulogize men
who are traitors to our country and slander the
name of that martyred saint, Abraham Lincoln.
[Laughter.] We will no longer hear these
men's voices raised in this Hall, because when
they cau take that oath it will be after Con-
gress has relieved them of their disabilities.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. Getz resumed the floor, but yielded to
Mr. BECK, who moved that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at eleven o'clock and thirty minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BENJAMIN: The petition of Wil-
liam Powell, for a pension.
By Mr. BIGGS: The petition of J. L. Gregg
and many others, of Delaware, for pensions to
the soldiers of the war of 1812.
By Mr. BUFFINTON: The memorial of
Hon. J. Bourne, jr., and 398 others, of New
Bedford, Massachusetts, directly and indirectly
interested in the success of the American whale
fisheries, praying for an increase of duty upon
foreign oils.
Also, the memorial of Messrs. H. and S.
Cook & Co. and 18 other firms of Province-
town, Massachusetts, praying for an increase
of duty upon foreign oils.
By Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts: The
petition of John Preveaux, a soldier of the war
of 1812, for a pension.
Also, a petition for the relief of Brevet Major
General Robert Anderson.
Also, the memorial of Captain George Henry
