1574
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
the various substitutes and amendments offered,
be recommitted to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, aud printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I enter a motion to re-
consider the vote recommitting the bill, so that
I may be able to call it up at any time. I now
yield to the gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr.
Bied,] who has a report to make from the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
ADYERSE REPORTS.
Mr. BIRD, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported adversely on the following
petitions ; and the same were laid on the table:
The petition for a pension of Evelyn S.
Jones, widow of George W. Jones, deceased,
late chief engineer •* the United States reve-
nue cutter Delaware;
The petition for a pension of Clarinda
Butcher, widow of E. Butcher, late private
company F, twenty-seventh regiment Penn- ,
sylvania volunteers; and j
The petition for a pension of Henry Cole- i
man, late a seaman on board the United States
Steam transport McClellan.
charles w. harvey.
Mr. JUDD, by unanimoas consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1345) for the relief of
Charles W. Harvey; which was read a first and
second time, and, with the accompanying me-
morial, referred to the Comittee of Claims.
deficiencies appropriation bill.
Mr. LAWRENCE, by unanimous consent, !
from the Committee on Appropriations, report-
ed a bill (H. R. No. 1346) making appropria-
tions to supply deficiencies for the service of
the Government for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1870, and for other purposes; which
was read a first and second time. I
Mr. LAWRENCE. I move that the bill be
printed, and that it be referred to the Commit- ;
tee of tiie Whole on the state of the Union,
and made a special order on Monday next after
the morning hour, and from day to day until
disposed of.
The motion was agreed to.
charles f. laycock.
Mr. HOLMAN, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. li. No. 1347) for the relief
of Charles F. Laycock; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims.
order of business.
Mr. SARGENT. I now move that the
rnles be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union for the consideration of the
Indian appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. r
The Chair will lay certain
executive communications before the House.
Mr. SARGENT. I will withdraw my motion
for the present for that pnrpose.
channel-way outside sandy hook.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of War, in
answer to a resolution of the House of Janu-
ary 13, directing him to inform the House
whether the wreck of the pilot boat A. T.
Stewart, sunk in the main channel-way out-
side of Sandy Hook by collision with the
steamer Scotia on the 29th of November, 1869,
is an obstruction to navigation, and if so, the
cost of removing the same; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed.
army recruiting service.
The SPEAKER also lai<J before the House
a letter from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting a recommendation of the General of the
Army, that an appropriation of $60,000 be
made to continue the Army recruiting service
for the remainder of the present fiscal year;
which was referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
buildings for flathead indians.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of the Interior,
transmitting a copy of a letter froin the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, submitting an es-
timate of appropriation for the purchase of
mills and the construction of buildings for the
benefit of the Flathead Indians to replace
those destroyed by fire, amounting to $7,800.
The communication was referred to the Com-
mittee oti Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed.
fixtures, etc., for treasury department.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting an estimate for the cost of cases
S and fixtures for the Treasury Department;
] which was referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
sites for national works.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting to the House a proposed bill designed to
facilitate the acquisition of sites for national
works of defense, and to protect the public
Treasury against combinations sometimes
formed by the owners of real estate which may
be required for public use. The communica-
tion was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
claim of henry head.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of War, in com-
pliance with the reqnest of the Committee of
Claims, transmitting the report of the chief of
ordnance relative to the claim of Henry Head;
which was referred to th  Committee of Claims.
sandy hook.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of War in answer
to a resolution of the House of February 2,
1870, transmitting copies of all papers on file
in the War Department relative to the juris-
diction of the United States over Sandy Hook,
New Jersey, and the adjoining lands; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
j. e. clarke and j. t. peabody.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of War, in compli-
ance with the request of the Committee of
Claims, transmitting the report of the Quar-
termaster General in relation to the claim of
J. E. Clarke and John T. Peabody, late offi-
cers of the United States provisional court of
Louisiana; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
pay of bank-note companies.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of the Treasury, in
answer to a resolution of the House of Jan-
uary 17, 1870, showing the amount of money
paid to the several bank-note companies for
printing notes, bonds, and fractional currency
since and during the year 1862; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
leaves of absence.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence waB
granted to Mr. Gilfillan for five days; to Mr.
Van Wyck for two weeks; to Mr. Reading
for ten days, on account of sickness in his
family; to Mr. Duval for one week; to Mr.
McCarthy for four days; and to Mr. Fitch for
one week.
withdrawal of papers.
On motion of Mr. TYNER, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the petition of
Lieutenant Julius Spandel, with the accom-
panying evidence, referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs during the Fortieth Con-
gress.
cleric to a committee.
Mr. CAKE, from the Committee on Ac-
counts, reported the following resolution, upon
which he moved the previous question :
Resolved, 'That the select Committee on the Causes
of the Reduction of American Tonnage be author-
ized to employ a elerk during so much of the second-
session of the Forty-First Congress as his services
may be required, at $4 80 per day.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to,
Mr. CAKE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
eulogies on the late senator fessenden.
Mr. CAKE, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported the following resolution, upon
which he moved the previous question:
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That there be printed five thousand
extra copies of the eulogies upon the late Senaior
Fessenden for the useof the House, to be distributed
upon the basis of a full House, and three thousand
extra copies for the use of the Senate.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. CAKE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted: and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
colorado and new mexico.
Mr. CHAVES. I ask consent to present a
memorial of the voters of the counties of Con-
ejos and Costilla, in the Territory of Colorado,
asking to be reannexed to the Territory of New
Mexico. This memorial is in the Spanish
language. I have made a translation of it, and
I ask that the memorial be referred to the
Committee on the Territories, and that the
translation be printed.
The SPEAKER. That requires unanimous
Consent.
Mr. KELSEY. I object to the printing of
any memorial.
Some time subsequently,
Mr. KELSEY withdrew his objection.
No further objection being made, the memo-
rial was referred to the Committee on the
Territories, and the translation accompanying
the same was ordered to be printed.
decadence of american shipping, etc.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, by unani-
mous consent, submitted a resolution which
was read, considered, and referred under the
law to the Committee on Printing, as follows:
Resolved, That five thousand extra copies of the
report of Joseph Nimmo, jr., on foreign commerce
and the decadence of American shipping be printed
fi>r the use of this House.
troops in kansas.
Mr. KERR. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution for the consid-
eration of this House:
Resolved, That the President be requested, if not
deemed prejudicial to public interests, to inform the
House whether any portion of the military forces
of the United States have been sent into the coun-
ties of Bourbon, Crawford, and Cherokee, in the
State of Kansas, and if so, when, what number, for
what purpose, and on whose procurement, and also
whether they have been required to erect there any
winter quarters, forts, fortifications, or earthworks,
and if so, what, for what purpose, and at whose ex-
pense, and at what probable expense to the Govern-
ment have all said acts been done.
Mr. HOAR. I object.
sale of cadetships, etc.
Mr. SHANKS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
is hereby instructed to extend its investigation so
as to ascertain and report to this IIouso whether any
officer of the Army or Navy, including the War and
Navy Departments, has advised or solicited any
member of Congress to recommend for appointment
toacadetshipat the Military Academy at West. Point
or as midshipman at the Naval Academy at Annap-
olis any person not a bona fide resident of the proper
district, or who was otherwise disqualified; or
