1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3463
10 per cent, ad valorem. The duty should be
at least 20 per cent.
Mr- BROOKS, of New York. Iam opposed
to this increase on the staff of life, in any and
every form, for man or beast.
The question was put on the amendment;
and no quorum voted.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Churchill,
and Mr. Brooks of New York were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 67, noes 29.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. That is no
quorum. Bat I give up on horse feed, and will
call the yeas and nays on the amendment in
the House.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Vermont. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment, to come in at the end of
the paragraph:
On wheat, 30 cents per bushel: on rye, 20 eents per
bushel; on barley, 25 cents per bushel; on oats, 15
tents per bushel.
The existing duty of 20 cents per bushel on
wheat is equivalent to an ad valorem of about
15} per cent. The rate here proposed of 30
cents per bushel is equivalent to about 23 per
cent. The proposed rate of duty is about 21
per cent, on rye, on barley 23 per cent., and
on oats 24 per cent, ad valorem. Now, sir, I
have moved this amendment in the interest of
the revenue of the Government. In 1868 the
importation of wheat into this country, redu-
cing the importation of flour to its equivalent
of wheat, was of the valueof $318,938; of bar-
ley, daring the same time the amount was
$566,647. The proposed increase of duty would,
with the same amount of importation, largely
increase the revenue of the Government. But
farther than that, this increase would be in
the interest of producers by way of a protec-
tion upon their products. As I understood the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Allison] on yes-
terday, he was willing to agree to such propo-
sitions as this as a measure of revenue.
I find that in 1867 the entire export of wheat
and other great staples of the kind produced
in this country was 12,646,941 bushels, while
the import of wheat during the same time was
3,226,944 bushels, the importation being equal
to one fourth of the entire amount exported.
Now, when we consider that the price of wheat
in this country is fixed by the foreign markets;
that the foreign dealer fixes the price which
our farmers and producers receive for these
cereals, we will see that the proposed change
in the duty will have a very important influence
upon our agricultural interests. It is claimed
by oar manufacturing friends that we ought to
have a market in our own midst for all the
wheat and other cereals which can be produced
in this country; that by a proper system of
duty on manufactures we would be able to
absorb the entire product of these articles.
Bat it seems to me that it must be admitted
that the priee to the producer of wheat is fix«d
by the price the article brings in the foreign
market. It is very apparent that any import-
ation which we may receive from other coun-
tries contributes to enhance the supply in this
country. Now, while I am not an advocate
of protection as a fundamental principle of the
Government, I am still prepared to say that if
it is right, if it is a sound principle atali, there
is no direction in which it should be carried
to its full limit and extent more properly and
more wisely than in protecting the agricultural
interests, even to the extent of prohibition. I
do not think this question of protection is a
true issue or a pending question. The ques-
tion of revenue is the pending question, for the
simple and obvious reason that the necessities
of the Government require a revenue which
will be sufficient for the requirements of the
Government, and that will give all the protec-
tion and encouragement that may be required.
I hope the amendment I have offered will be
adopted.
Mr. SCHENCK. As I do not rise to oppose
the amendment of the gentleman from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Smith,] I will move to amend his
amendment by increasing the proposed rates
1 cent per bushel. I am at all times sorry to
be compelled to go agaiust the Committee of
Ways and Means; and gentlemen will bear rae
witness that I have made no factious opposition
to their bill. [Laughter.] But so far as these
grains are concerned I have always believed,
and both in and out of committee I have held
the opinion, that we ought to give their pro-
duction an increase of protection, and that we
should have an increased revenue therefrom,
both of which we can obtain by adding to the
duties on grain. Now let mo call the attention
of gentlemen to the present duty upon these
several grains reduced to an ad valorem stand-
ard. The duty upon wheat is ll£ per cent.;
upon rye, 14J percent.; upon barley, 18J per
cent.; upon oats, 11£ per cent., and on corn,
13J per cent. That is, from 11-} to 18^ per
cent, is the highest duty that those who have
hitherto made tariffs have ever allowed upon
the grain grown in this great grain-producing
country of ours.
The gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Smith]
has reference to the importations of grain from
the neighboring provinces and from abroad.
They amount to enough to give us a very fair
amount of revenue, and the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Allison] says they will not make
any appreciable difference in the price here.
If that is so, then the gain will be to the Gov-
ernment in the matter of revenue, as the gen-
tleman from Vermont has said.
During the year 1868, in the returns for which
the whole amount has been fully carried out—
the amount has been increased siuce—we im-
ported $1,669,738 worth of wheat. Of rye
we have imported not so much. Of barley the
importation amounted to $2,323,000. It thus
appears that of wheat and barley there have
been and will continue to be large and increas-
ing importations. Now, sir, when wc are ad-
justing the tariff for the purpose of raising rev-
enue, and at the same time giving protection
to the productions of our country, is it too
much to ask that the protection shall be ex-
tended to the products of our own soil? Is the
percentage proposed too large? We get now
from 11 to 18 per cent, only; and we ask a
small increase, which will not amount to 25 per
cent, even, upon these products of our own
farms.
It is unnecessary to multiply words upon a
subject of this kind. I, with the gentleman
from Vermont, [Mr. Smith,] submit it as a
question to the Committee of the Whole whether
we are to have an equitable adjustment of the
tariff so as to include the agricultural inter-
ests along with those of the manufacturers;
whether, in making our discriminations, we
shall do so in such a way as to help the farm-
ing interest, while at the same time we seek
the advancement of the revenue.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on the amend-
ment is exhausted.
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. BLAIR. I move to amend so as to
make the duty 20 per cent, ad valorem. I
wish to say a word or two in the line of the
remarks which I had occasion to submit yes-
terday. I must congratulate the committee
on having arrived yesterday at a most satisfac-
tory protective principle, somewhat in advance
of me and to my very great surprise. In reply
to the suggestion which has just been made by
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means I wish to say that if he differs from
the committee I have not been able to per-
ceive it. I think the other members, excepting
myself, have run off in a flock after him.
Mr. ALLISON. I hope the gentleman will
except me.
Mr. BLAIR. Certainly I except my friend
from Iowa, [Mr. Allison.]
I have been entirely unable to perceive that
there is any question of ptotectiou in this mat-
ter at all. If I recognized this question as
involving the protective principle I would be
inclined, as I said yesterday, to go perhaps as
far as anybody. The gentleman from Vermont
[Mr. Smith] has shown that we are a grain-
exporting, not a grain-importing country; that
we have constantly a vast surplus of grain to
sell, and hence should seek to increase our
market in that respect. Now, can it be said
that unless we impose a protective duty the
price of our product will be reduced by permit-
ting somebody else to come in with a small
amount to be added to our surplus? Though
I am a very strong protectionist I have never
reasoned in that way. If, l'or instance, we
were to put a duty of 20 cents a pound upon
cotton imported into the United States it would
be simply a brutum fulmen—nothing more.
On the same principle, when we are large ex-
porters of grain, it' we put an import duty upon
the article, it is, so far as protection is con-
cerned. utterly futile.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. Is not the gentleman
aware that last year we imported more barley
than we exported ?
Mr. BLAIR. I am quite ready to agree
with the gentleman in regard to barley. Even
if the gentleman had not mentioned the matter
I should have stated before I got through that
barley is an exception ; that as to barley this
country is not an exporter, but an importer.
For this reason I can understand very well
why gentlemen should propose to increase the
tariff on barley; but when they undertake to
increase the duty on corn, which is raised so
extensively by Iowa and the West generally,
and to put a duty of a cent a pound upon corn
meal, I do not understand them at all. I will
agree to a duty upon anything imported; but
I cannot understand the reason for this duty
upon articles which we export. Such a duty
is, as my friend from Iowa [Mr. Allison] has
suggested, calculated simply to provoke a
retaliatory duty; and this it is certainly not
desirable to do.
Another important consideration affecting
this question is the interest of the revenue. If
this duty be fixed so high that little importa-
tion can be made along the Canada border the
result is that our revenue suffers. I think that
the amount of importation heretofore shows
that the duty has been too high. I had never
heard before from the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means that he wished to
change these duties at all until I heard it here.
Certainly in the committee I understood him
to be strongly in favor of protecting agricul-
tural products when we came to hemp and flax
and castor beans, and everything of that sort.
We did it in committee for him. I did not
hear him say that he wished to put an addi-
tional duty on corn meal or wheat flour, or
things of that sort.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Chairman, 1 can quite
readily understand the argument of my friend
from Michigan [Mr. Blair] so far as imported
corn meal is concerned; but it seems to me
that he admits the whole case so far as wheat
and wheat flour are concerned. It is a fact
that wheat and wheat flour are exported from
the United States; but it is also true that wheat
and wheat flour are imported into the United
States from Canada. As the gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Smith] has stated, one fourth
of the entire amount of wheat aud flour ex-
ported from the United States is imported into
the United States from Canada. The gentle-
man from Michigan [Mr. BlairI said yester-
day that he could see no reason for imposing a
duty on live animals, because our stock raisers
were sufficiently protected without a tariff by
the cost of importation. He seemed to forget
how easily and cheaply horses raised just over
the Canada line might be brought into the
United States. He overestimates the eost of
leading a horse from the north end of the vil-
lage of Derby-line, which lie3 in Canada, to
tho south end of that, i-illage, which lies in Ver-
mont. He forgets how much advantage Canada
