1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4407
mittee on Claims lias a right to appeal to you
to do it.
But the Committee on Claims, I insist, has
a right to say that you ought not to postpone
the consideration of such a bill as this, and
proceed to the consideration of the bill indi-
cated by the Senator from Massachusetts. I do
insist upon it that the Senate ought not to be
appealed to to say that they will turn their
backs upon a request to pay for quartermaster
and commissary stores taken from the loyal
men, our friends, to supply the'wants of our
Army, and to say that they will not recognize
those claims, and at the same time, in the
same breath, say they will pay out a pension of
$3,000 a year to anybody, I do not care who
the person is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from "Wisconsin asks for a division of the
question. It is susceptible of division. The
first question will be on postponing the present
order.
Mr. STEWART. I will suggest to the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, inasmuch as the Sen-
ator from Illinois and several other Senators
say they are willing to consider this bill at an
early day, that we fix by unanimous consent
some time when it will be disposed of; say
to-morrow.
Mr. SUMNER. Let that be understood.
Mr. CHANDLER. I object. I shall be very
glad to have gentlemen agree to a time for
that bill; but I have in my desk for to-morrow
some twenty or thirty bills that I want passed.
Mr. SUMNER. That order is for one
o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. CHANDLER. I want to commence
at a quarter past twelve o'clock if I can.
Mr. STEWART. I would suggest, then,
the evening session, commencing at half^ast
seven, that will be day after to-morrow. That
will facilitate it. By unanimous consent let it
be taken up then.
Mr. SUMNER. If we can have that under-
standing 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What is that ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Nevada proposes that the Senate pro-
ceed at its next evening session to consider
the bill granting a pension to Mrs. Lincoln by
unanimous consent.
Mr. HOWE. I cannot give any such consent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
being made, it cannot be entertained.
Mr. STEWART. I hope, then, the bdl will
be taken up now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Sen-
ate ready for the question? _
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What is the
^Th^0 PRESIDING OFFICER. On post
poning the present order. _
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What is that?
ThePRESIDING OFFICER. Tlie present
order is Senate bill No. 249. .
Mr. SUMNER. I desire to say that on this
question I recognize no point of courtesy, The
bill has been too long in this Chamber, too long
held by the Senator from Vermont not now in
his seat, [Mr. Edmuxds,] and persistently op-
posed in every way known to him ; and he has
made his record by an elaborate adverse report.
Under these circumstances, it being a case ot
charity, I appeal to the Senate to proceed with
. it at once. I, sir, am not in the habit of tail-
ing in courtesy to my associates on this lioor ;
but I recognize no such question now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Ijie first
question is on postponing the bill under con-
sideration. ^ , .
The motion to postpone was not agreed to.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I call for the regular
01 The PRESIDING OFFICER. Senate bill
No. 249 is before the body.
MILITARY SUPPLIES IN HEBEL STATES.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (b. JNO.
249) for the settlement of claims for quarter-
master and commissary stores furnished to or
taken by the United States within the States
in rebellion during the late war, the question
being on the amendment of Mr. Williams, to
insert at the end of the fourth section of the
bill:
Provided. That this act shall be construed to pro-
vide only for the examination of said claims, and
not to creato any obligation on the part of the Gov-
ernment for their payment.
Mr. DRAKE. I rise to a question of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 'Sen-
ator will state his point of order.
Mr. DRAKE. I ask the Chair whether the
special orders on the Calendar do not take
precedence of any general order on the Cal-
endar ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
must be aware that the Senate is acting under
a resolution equivalent to a rule of the Senate,
which reads as follows:
" Tbatfrom and after the 20thday of this month, and
until the close of the present session, there shall bo,
unless the Senate otherwise order, three evomngses-
sions, to commence at half past seven oV,lock, (on
alternate evenings of each week,) at which sessions
the Calendar of general orders shall be proceeded
with in the order of their place upon the Calendar.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that this bill be
passed over, so as to have a test vote. If we
are to continue the consideration of this bill
let us know it.
Mr. HOWE. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 1G, nays 31 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Carpenter, Chandler, Cole, Cor-
bett, Drake, Kenton. Hamlin, Howard, Morrill ot
Vermont, Nye, ltamsey, Sherman, Stewart, bumner,
Trumbull, and Yates—1(5.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Bayard, Boreman,
Buckingham, Casserly, Davis, Fowler, Harris liowe,
Johnston, Kellogg, Lewis, McCrewy, McDonald,
Morrill of Maine, Morton, Osborn, romcroy, Pool,
Pratt.Kice, Robertson,Ross, Scott, Spencer, bprague,
Stockton, Thayer, Viekers, and Warner—31.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brownlow, Cameron,
Cattell, Conkling, Cragin, Mdmunds 1;erry, 1'lana-
gan, Gilbert, Hamilton ot Maryland, Hamilton of
Texas, Harlan, Howell, Norton, Patterson, Hovels,
Saulsbury, Sawyer, Schurz, Thurman, iipton, Wil-
ley, Williams, and Wilson—25.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen
ator from Oregon.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I hope that amendment
will not prevail. As I understand the bill it
does not provide for the payment ot claims,
even if established before the quartermaster s
and commissary department. They can only
be paid by an act of Congress. I call for the
reading of the bill.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I should
like to call the attention of the Senator from
Wisconsin to this point, whether that amend-
ment does not dodge the very question he wan ts
to settle? The Senator some time ago spoke
about the necessity of settling the question as
to whether a certain class of claims should he
regarded as valid, to save the committee the
trouble and labor of examining them. I noif
ask him whether the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Oregon does not dodge that
question and leave it just where it was before/
It simply provides lor an examination, but
does not settle the principle.
Mr. HOWE. That is what the bill itself
says, and it was designedly so drawn to obviate
this argument, which was urged a year ago,
and was urged' the other evening again, that
the claims were so stupendous m amount that
it would bankrupt the Treasury to recognize
them; For that reason, in order that I might
showjthe Senate, upon an examination had m
these bureaus into each identical claim, ana
the whole allowance laid before you at once
in order that I could show the Senate what a
bagatelle the sum is for which repudiation is
proposed, I drew the bill with this identical
view, having an examination of the claims m
these respective bureaus, and the whole amount
reported here.
Mr. MORTON. Then, you do not propose
to settle anything by it. •
Mr. HOWE. I do not propose to pay any-
thing until Congress have the sums before
them and say whether they will pay or not.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator does not pro-
pose by this bill to settle the question whether
a loyal man living in a rebel State is to be
considered an alien enemy so far as property
is concerned.
Mr. HOWE. This bill does not settle it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know
what this bill does settle if it does not settle
the question that these claims are to be paid?
I should like to know if the Government of
the United States is going to provide for investi-
gating claims and ascertaining what they are
without any view to paying them ?
Mr. MORTON. That is the point I want
brought before the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it should be set-
tled, decidedly.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, m view of
what has been stated by the Senator from In-
diana I think it is important that the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Oregon
should be considered a_ test question. It is
entirely useless, M£. President, thatweproceed
from day to day receiving bills, referring-them
to the Committee on Claims, and having the
members of the Committee on Claims spend
the greater portion of the session in examining
and reporting upon them unless the question
which the Senator from Indiana has presented
to the Senate is settled by the Senate; and tho
Senator from Indiana has touched the very
core and heart of the question by presenting
that simple interrogatory. The very question
which is presented isthis one : arethemen who
are claimants now, and who^were loyal during
the whole time of the rebellion, citizens of the
United States? If they remained during that
time citizens of the United States, and are to-
day citizens of the United States, they are, or
they ought to he, as much within the protection
of the constitutional provision, that private
property shall not betaken for public use with-
out just compensation as the loyal man "whose
good fortunp placed him in a non-rebellious
State. That istheargumentupon the one side,
while on the other it is one of expediency only,
which says that if we acquit these claims we
shall be flooded with such a batch of them as
will bankrupt the Treasury, and we shall be
paying rebel claims instead of loyal claims.
Now, Mr. President, admitting the difficulty,
is it a good argument that a loyal man shall
not be paid because a rebel, through perjury,
may succeed in having his claim paid ? That
is the question which is presented; and, sir,
it does strike me that it is due to the loyal
men in the southern States that the Senate of
the United States should settle that question ;
either say to them, "You shall not he paid: there
is no use in you spending your time and your
money in coming here to present your claims
and in preparing your evidence;" or say to
them, " Whenthepropertimecomes,andwhen
the Treasury is able, we will pay you say
one thing or the other. It strikes me that it
is highly important at this juncture that the
Senate should consider the amendment offered
by the Senator from Oregon as a test question,
and either say one thing or the other.
Save tho time of these loyal men, save the
expense to them, save the time to the commit-
tees of this body, and save the further time of
discussing individual claims as they Urise up°h
the Calendar. I have not counted them, but i
venture to say that if you take up the
claims that are on the Calendar one fourth ol
all that are uponitare elaimsof ^e^ery nature
that we are considering ; some of them, too,
such a character that I thmk the Senal;e would
be startled if they were brought to the <
sion that the men who are presenting them are
not citizens of the United States.
I recall one which has been referred to my-
self as a member of the Committee on Claims.
