1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5351
possible for t,he members of the House to read
it, or to find in it anything that they desire with-
out wasting more time on the task than mem-
bers have to spare.
I have to say that if this system of reporting
is not corrected, within a session or two of
Congress it will become our duty and a public
necessity to abolish the whole system of Globe
reporting. I feel it a duty to ourselves and
to the country that we should provide for keep-
ing an official record of our proceedings, as is
done in England and in other countries. But
the record of our debates and proceedings as
at present made has become so voluminous,
and when bound in volumes the books have
become so large and so numerous, as to become
not only inadmissible into libraries of mem-
bers of Congress, but inadmissible even into
public libraries.
Sir, we are destroying the whole system of
preserving a proper and practicable record of
our debates and proceedings ; we are destroy-
ing ourselves in this way. We are now heard
and read and known by the people only through
the telegraphic columns of the press, which in
the very shortest way afford only a very indefi-
nite account of what we are doing. Never at
any moment during my public life have I known
the people to be so poorly informed of what
Congress is doing in both branches as they
are now by means of the voluminous record
of debates and proceedings published in the
Globe and the very short account of proceed-
ings furnished by the Associated Press.
1 recollect when fifteen, twenty, and thirty
years ago one, two, and three columns or more
of the most important part of the proceedings of
Congress would be given to the public through
the independent newspaper press. That system
was far better than the present one; and these
enormous, voluminous reports in the Globe
will, if continued, compel us to again resort to
that system, by the abolition of the whole sys-
tem of reporting and publishing our debates
and proceedings, unless the record can be
shortened in some way.
For example, let any one attempt to ascer-
tain what the Senate is doing; he will have to
wander through two or three or four columns
about questions of order, priority of business,
or what this or that Senator said upon the most
uuimportant matters of which it was necessary
to have no record, while that which he desires
to see is scattered so far abroad in that wilder-
ness of words and wilderness of paper, that
it is almost impossible, or next to impossible,
to find it in the brief time that members can
devote to that purpose.
1 have not, perhaps, indicated the best sys-
tem for shortening the record of our proceed-
ings; and I know it will impose a great respons-
ibility upon the Speaker of this House and
upon the President of the Senate. But some-
thing must be done, or we shall either lose the
whole official record before the country or
have that kind of record which will be of no
value to the country.
Mr. DAWKS. I concur heartily with all
that the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] has said, and with the purpose which
he has m view. I think no gentleman who
understands what is the cost of the Globe, as
well as its bulk, and 1 may be permitted to
say its almost utter worthlessness because of
its bulk, but what will say, with the gentleman
from New York, that something must be done
or we shall be compelled to stop it altogether.
The amount of money that the Globe costs
us annually—I had the figures hero a few
moments ago, but they are gone—is perfectly
enormous.
The index for the Globe of this session will
contain more than four hundred pages; I refer
to the index alone. It will be so large that
instead of having it in each volume, as hereto-
fore, it must be put in aX the end of the last
volume. And we shall soon be compelled to
have iin index to flu- index, lor it will be utterly
worthless as it is now. I hope that some amend-
ment like that of the gentleman from New
York will be adopted.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to amend the
amendment by adding to it the following:
Provided, Th at hereafter no speech, or partthereof,
not actually delivered in the House or Senate shall
be published in the Globe.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Thegentleman willallow
me to ask a question as to the effect of his
amendment. Whatever may be said in regard
to the proposition to abolish the Globe alto-
gether, yet if the Globe is to be published the
question is whether, by forbidding the publica-
tion of speeches not delivered, we do not make
the Globe an institution for the benefit of the
handful of men who occupy almost the whole
time of the House; whether we shall not thus
do injustice to other men, whose only oppor-
tunity for placing their views before their con-
stituents is by publishing them without deliv-
ery in the House. It seems to me that when
a member chooses to print his speech without
delivering it he thereby saves the time of this
House and the country. Would to Heaven a
good many more members would put their
speeches in the Globe without first delivering
them upon the floor of this House ! Then we
should not be required to sit here so long.
But I ask the gentleman from Missouri how
he can reconcile his proposition with any idea
of justice? Why should we make the Globea
monopoly for the benefit of the few men who
occupy the. time of this House?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will not attempt to
answer the gentleman's question, for I really
do not know what it was. But every gentle-
man in this House will, I presume, agree that
one of the chief evils connected with the pub-
lication of the Globe is, that there get into
it—in many instances surreptitiously—matters
never delivered in the presence of the House.
I do not propose to occupy time with any
remarks upon this amendment. I think the
abuse at which it is directed is so glaring that
there can be no dissent from the opinion that
the time has arrived when the evil should be
corrected.
On the amendment of Mr. Benjamin there
were—ayes 60, noes 81.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to amend
the amendment of the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] by adding to it the fol-
lowing :
Aftcrthe presont Congress tho Congressional Globe
fhall not bo published at tho expense of the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I make a question of
order on this amendment. I believe it is inde-
pendent legislation.
The SPEAKER. No more so than was the
amendment of the gentleman from Missouri,
[Mr. Benjamin.] It is germane to the pend-
ing amendment, which was not objected to.
Hence, it is in order.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
for several years past I have given some con-
sideration to the proposition embraced in my
amendment; and I am convinced that " to this
complexion we must come at last." Gentlemen
propose, in tho work of reforming the Globe,
to get rid of what they call the ''abuses." I
say to them in the language of Hamlet, " Oh,
reform it altogether!'' The only feasible re-
form is to abolish the publication in its present
form. If we appoint a board of censors, a
committee of critics, to determine what shall
and what shall not be published in the Globe,
to decide what is important and what is unim-
portant, the question will at once arise, who
shall criticise these critics; who shall keep
the keepers? We must either publish every-
thing that is said h<n-e, or we must publish
nothing. Some gentlemen '• If the Globe
be abolished, how will the people know what
we are doing in Congress?" Sir, in reply to
that suggestion I say, open your doors to the
great press of this country; prescribe the-con-
ditions on which they may report the debates,
and the newspapers will publish,what the peo-
ple desire to know; they will print whatever is
worth printing.
Mr. JENCKES. Yes; caricatures, of our
proceedings.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. We shall then
have such a system of reporting as now exists
in the British Parliament. I affirm that one
of the most healthful influences exeited upon
the proceedings in the British Parliament is
the fact that the remarks of every member are
judged by their valueatid interest to the read-
ing public. There no such rule is recognized
as that whatever a member may choose to write
shall be published at the expense of the nation
as his speech.
In my judgment, by abolishing this huge,
triple-columned nuisance which we print every
year, we shall save much more than the mere
cost of the publication. Sir, if auy man looks
to the Globe for his fame, he will find it Lethe
and not fame. If men fancy they are obtaining
notoriety or fame by publishing their speeches
in the Globe they are the victims of delusion.
Sir, this publication is like the fabled lake of
Avernus, from whose influence every bird at-
tempting to fly across it dropped dead into its
silent waters. Does any member hope, that
his contemporaries or successors will exhume
from the Globe what he has spoken or read or
written in this House during this or any other
session? If there was ever a trap cunningly
contrived to swallow up in its depths the pro-
ceedings of a deliberative body the Congres-
sional Globe has become such a trap.
I ask, even as a mere matter of self-protection,
that we adopt some measure to rescue our pro-
ceedings from oblivion. If the great Roman.
Horace, had attempted to rear his ''monument"
on foundations of the Congressional Globe, he
never would have ventured to say," I shall
not all die; a part of me will escape oblivion."
His works might as well have been buried under
the ruins of the Capitol as in the columns of
the Congressional Globe. I say reform it alto-
gether.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time has
expired.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I wish to say,
if the gentleman will allow me, a word more:
that it will be worth more than its value in
money, for by doing away with the ponderous
Congressional Globe we shall abridge the de-
bates in this House, and make them, what we
all know they are not now, real debates. It
will make our sessions business sessions.
Who reads the full records of Congress for
the period covered by Benton's Abridgement?
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, I oppose the
amendment offered by my friend from Ohio,
[Mr. Garfield,] and the reason is simply this:
it is utterly impossible for the American Con-
gress to be without an official record of some
kind, not merely for our own gratification, not
merely to tickle our own vanity, not merely to
see ourselves in print, but in order to haud
down the rccords of our business to posterity.
Mr. WOOD. To inquiring posterity.
Mr. COX. Yes, sir, to inquiring posterity ;
and my friend from Ohio would not to-day
have made his speech, so full of learning and
classical adornments, if he did not expect the
Globe to continue to hand that speech down
t.o posterity. [Laughter.]
Mr. Speaker, I believe the great trouble we
have in regard to encumbering the Congres-
sional Globe comes from another reason. It
docs not rise so much from the cacoethes
loquendi, but, as the gentleman well knows,
the fact is there has grown up in this country
a new order of politics. The Federal Congress
has taken chaiye of all governmental xisiness ;
nut only Federal business, but local business,
