1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE .
561
41st Cong.... 2d Sess.
Missouri Contested Election—Mr. Bwitzler.
Ho. 03? Reps.
and the system has worked well. Now we ask
that the benefits whichyou have thus extended to
our foreign neighbors may also be extended to
our own people. The business of the country
demands it. The bill which I have reported is
very carefully guarded against fraud, several
paragraphs having been inserted for that pur-
pose by the Treasury Department. These pro-
visions indeed are so stringent thatsome of the
friends of the bill bought they would seriously
impede the free operation of the system : but
we are willing to try it under this bill, trusting
to the justice of a future Congress to remedy
any defects which may be developed after it
has been practically tested.
Switzicr vs. Dyer.
SPEECH OF HON. W. F. SWITZLER,
of missouri,
In the House of reniesentatives,
July 7, 1870.
The JIousc having under consideration the con-
tested-cicction case of Switzler vs. Dyer, from the
ninth congressional district of Missouri—
Mr. SWITZLER (the contestant) said:
Mr. Speaker: It cannot, I think, be ques-
tioned that mine has been in some respects a
remarkable congressional experience. Twice
elected to two successive Congresses, from the
same district, by about a thousand majority;
twice defrauded out of my commission by an
unscrupulous partisan official in my own State;
twice resisting the outrage by contesting the
election ; twice carrying a majority of standing
committees of this House politically opposed
to me, and my right to a seat here twice in-
dorsed by reports prepared by distinguished
members of the dominant majority in Con-
gress, I am yet unadmitted ; and am here to-
day, indomitable in purpose and unawed by
power, to vindicate the light of the people to
be represented by the man of their choice.
an appeal.
Piay, sir, tell me—I appeal to the Radical
members of Congress from my own State, who
would hound on the majority in this House
to that insolence of power which always pre-
cedes the dissolution or overthrow of parties—
I appeal to the dominant power temporarily
enthroned in this Hall to inform the country,
by resolution or otherwise, how many times
I must be elected to Congress, and by what
majorities: and how many of their Committees
of Elections I must have to report in my favor
and against my opponents before my right to
a seat here is recognized by them.
Could 1 know this, could the people of my
district know it, I would return to them, and
in all candor submit the question whether, in
the face of merciless proscriptions for opin-
ion's sake and oft-repcated outrages against
their rights and mine, it were either possible
or proper to fill the complement.
Sir, the people of my district, no less than
my elf, believe in '• theImalperseverance of the
saints;'' and, if they willed it, could perhaps
comply with your "fundamental condition"
of being allowed to elect their own Represent-
ative; and beingallowed to elect him and have
him serve, might save our very conscientious
secretary of Slate, well known in Missouri as
'' the lightning accountant," much trouble and
deserved denunciation.
1he people could comply.
They could comply if they willed it; for,
sir, manipulate and manage the registration
machinery in my district as Radical candi-
dates for Congress and other offices may, and
invoke, however earnestly, the aid of the fif-
teenth amendment, no candidate of the Radical
party in that district can be elected or lias been
elected to Congress without the fraudulent vote
of Rodman county, for no Radical in it can
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 3G.
honestly obtain a majority of either the white
or the colored electors.
Record it, then, sir, as a fixed fact, a fact
of which I ara as well persuaded as of any
within the control of human agencies, that at
the next election in the ninth Missouri district,
the acknowledged infamies of registration and
the fifteenth amendment to the contrary not-
withstanding, myself or some other Demo-
crat will be returned to the Forty-Second Con-
gress, especially if the sitting member be the
opposing candidate.
a high sense of duty.
Sir, in the contests I have waged here a high
sense of public duty has impelled me; for
certainly no considerations of a personal char-
acter could have induced the labor I have per-
formed and the sacrifices I have made in pros-
ecuting against formidable odds two contests
for a seat in this Hall.
The people of my district elected me, and I
conceived it my duty to leave no honest effort
unemployed to redress the wrongs they suf-
fered in having thrust upon them by usurpa-
tion and fraud Representatives whom they had
repudiated at the polls. They had threaded
the labyrinths of p.n infamous registration, and
for the sake of their country had submitted to
vile and atrocious expurgatory oaths ill order
to register and vote.
A large majority of them voted for me.
What less ought I to have done than resist,
pursuant to the laws of the land, outrages so
flagrant and inexcusable? What more could
I have done; what effort have I left unem-
ployed, or sacrifice of time and money, to right
the wrongs of those who in two successive can-
vasses elected me to the Congress of the United
States?
Taught, sir, in early youth to revere the
great principles of representative government,
1 deify in mature manhood the noble concep-
tion of our fathers that toleration of political
differences, the purity of the ballot-box, and
the freedom of elections are the palladiums
of public liberty. These, sir, have been ruth-
lessly stricken down in my person. To illus-
trate my devotion to them, and my fidelity to
the high trust confided by the people to my
hands, I have arisen to ask the dominant ma-
jority in this House, if strike they will, first to
hear.
a clear case,
It will not be questioned, I think, that some
opportunities have been afforded me to become
acquainted with the contested-election litera-
ture of our day. Two large volumes of reports
have been published by Congress, embracing
and exhausting much ofthu learningof our own
and other countries on this subject. I have read
and studied these reports, and do not hesitate to
announce the conviction that a clearer or more
conclusive case than that which is now before
this body never was submitted to Congress since
the foundation of the Government.
Viewed simply as a judicial question, and
decided on its merits, divested, asallsuch issues
should be, of the influences of mere party, and
there would be but one opinion among intelli-
gent men of all parties, namely, that the usurp-
ing member here has in law aud fact no case
worthy of the name—has not a square inch of
ground on which to stand.
I know very well, sir, the misty arts of law-
yers and political partisans can obscure the
plainest truths and make the worse appear the
better reason. I know that appeals to party
and to prejudice, especially when made in skill-
ful phrase and with thundering sound, after the
manner of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Cessxa,] may mislead the judgment of
some who are disposed to act fairly; neverthe-
less, it does appear to me that no ingenuity
can evade or sophistry obscure the clear,, ex-
haustive, and unanswerable argument of the
chairman of the committee, [Mr. Churchill.]
Those who listened to that argument, and
to the several gentlemen who followed in the
debate, must, it seems to me, concede that it
stands not only unanswered, but that no seri-
ous attempt has been made logically to reverse
his conclusions.
Sir, if the relations of the parties to this con-
test were changed—if I were occupying a seat
in this Hall which I had reached by the acknowl-
edged usurpation of a State canvasser who
was my political partisan, and the present con-
testee had brought here the record against me
which I have brought against him, how long
do you suppose it would require one of your
committees or this House to decide the con-
test ?
what 13 this case ?
What is this contest? What, in brief and in
all honestly, is this case ?
Ten counties compose the district; and there
were two candidates for Congress, myself and
the sitting member. We have an iron-clad
oath for voters in Missouri, and a registry law
which constitute a net-work of party despotism
unknown in any other State or country on the
face of the globe. This oath is expurgatory and
inquisitorial, containing no less than eighty-
odd negations and affirmations. It grew out
of the bitterness of the war ; is an offshoot of
hatred and revenge, and a disgrace to our civil-
ization.
Theoretically it was designed to disfranchise
rebels. Practically it is used with our regis-
tration machinery to disfranchise Democrats.
It is the city of refuge of a party in my State
who are afraid of a free ballot in the hands of
white men.
To carry out this law we have a superintend-
ent of registration for each senatorial district,
who is appointed by the Governor and con-
firmed by the senate. This superintendent
appoints three registrars of voters for each
county, and these registrars appoint the judges
of election and the voters themselves; for,
sir, in Missouri under this law the voters are
appointed rather than registered.
This entire registration and election machin-
ery is in the hands of one party, and one party
only. All the superintendents of registration
are Radicals, selected with special reference
to their willingness to proscribe political oppo-
nents and thus secure a Radical victory at the
polls. All the registrars of voters in my district
were Radicals. There was not in the entire
district an exception.
Sir, I repeat the statement, and challenge
the sitting member or any gentleman from
Missouri to contradict it, that the entire regis-
tration machinery of the ninth district of Mis-
souri, in every county of it, and of course in
Monroe county, was manipulated aud man-
aged by the political friends of Colonel Dyer.
There was not a single Democratic superin-
tendent or Democratic registrar in the entiro
district—not one. There was not one in the
county of Monroe.
If the gentleman who made the minority re-
port or the sitting member will deny this state-
ment I pledge myself to send to the Clerk's
desk, to be read to the House, legal evidence
of its truth; and I pause to see whether either
of them will deny it. Nobody contradicts it.
a packed jury.
It then is an admitted fact that in the trial
of the cause which in November, 1868, I had
before the people of the ninth district, the sit-"
ting member selected the jury. He was a party
to that cause, and selected the jury with special
reference to a verdict in his favor. Directly or
indirectly he selected the jury in the county of
Monroe, for every registrar of voters in that
county from first to last, those who abandoned
the board and those who supplied their places,
Thompson, Foreman, Burnam, Springsteen,
Pelsue, Scott, and Yincent, were members of
the Republican party and voted for Grant for
