3464
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
has over the West, over his own State, over
my State, over Iowa, and over Minnesota, bo
far as the cost of transportation of wheat is
concerned. He forgets vliat Canada lies just
across the lakes from Oswego, that the wheat-
growers of the West must transport their pro-
ducts fifteen hundred miles before they get as j
near to the eastern market aa Canada wheat is u
when it commences the voyage. ;
Mr. ALLISON. Does it not cost the pro- ,
ducer in Iowa or Wisconsin more in the expense
of transportation to market than is covered by
these rates of duty ?
Mr. PAINE. I have no doubt it doeB. j
Therefore, Mr. Chairman, 1 am in favor, not
only of such a regulation of the tariff that our
wheat shall not when it reaches Oswego, bur-
dened with this heavy cost of transportation,
encounter the competition of free Canadiau
wheat, but also of such protection of American
industry as shall secure us a market nearer to
our own grain fields than we now have, either
in Europe or in the eastern States. 1 cer-
tainly am in favor of giving all the protection
to the agricultural industry of the country which
we give to our manufacturing interest.
Now, Mr. Chairman, one word further. I
believe in the protection of American industry
in all its branches. I am in favor of protecting
the mechanical as well as agricultural indus-
tries of the country. I am not one of those
who oppose these interests, either here or else-
where. 1 believe in raising necessary reveuue
in such a way as to protect the manufactures
of the country as well as the agricultural indus-
try of the coantrv. Of course I would not
raise money to throw it into the sea. But
granting what always must be true, that the
Government must raise revenue for its main-
tenance, I am willing so to raise it aa to en-
courage and foster American industry. And
while I say this I am frank to admit that I am
not quite certain my views on this subject are
the views of a majority of my constituents. I
am not quite sure that if these had been the
main issues of the canvass in which I was
elected to the seat I hold I should have been
selected to represent that constituency in this
House. For this reason, sir, which applies, I
presume, no more to myself than to many other
members of the House, I very much doubt
whether I have a right at this time to under-
take a general readjustment of the tariff.
[Here toe hammer fell.]
MESSAGE FROM THB SENATE.
The committee informally rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message
was received from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin,
one of its clerks, notifying the House that that
body had agreed to a concurrent resolution of
the House for printing two thousand copies of
the report on the Paris exhibition, with an
amendment, in which the concurrence of the
House was requested.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed a bill (H. R. No. 987) to
reduce the number of officers in the Army of
the United States, and for other purposes, with
an amendment, in which the concurrence "Of
the House was requested.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed a bill (S. No. 888) to aid
the Junction and Breakwater Railroad Com-
pany, in the State of Delaware, to construct
in connection with said road, a pier in the
Delaware bay, at or near Lewes, in Sussex
county, State of Delaware, in which the con-
currence of the House was requested.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found trqly enrolled, bills of the follow-
ing titles; when the Speaker signed the same,
namely:
A bill (S. No. 646) for the relief of the minor
children of Sylvester Dreyer;
A bill (S. No. 759) granting a pension to
Johti C. Abercrombie; -and
An act (S. No. 865) increasing the pension
of John Coonan.
TARIFF.
The Committee of the Whole then resumed
its session.
The amendment to the amendment was with"
drawn.
Mr. PAINE. I renew it. I do so for the
purpose of saying a few words more. I think
we ought to make haste to reduce the internal j
taxes heavily, and some changes should be ;
made in the tariff; but I am opposed to a gen-
eral readjustment of the tariff now for two
reasons. In the first place, this House was not
elected upon the tariff issue. It was chosen
upon the issues of reconstruction. Very few,
if any, members of this House were elected ,
upon any other issues than those affecting the
reconstruction of the Sta tes lately in rebellion, j
No one can doubt that it will be a great calam- j
ity to the American people if there is to be a <
general rearrangement of the tariff every year, i
or every two years, or every three years, i !
trust that the next adjustment of our tariff
will be so wisely and successfully made that
its operation will extend over a period of not ;
less than ten years. Believing, then, that this •
House was not elected with any reference to I
the questions involved in this legislation, I think
it has no moral right to frame a general tariff j
law to last years ; and I am sure that no geu-
eral tariff law that is not to remain in force ten
years ought to be enacted at all. j
1 am opposed to it for another reason. Even ;
if this House had been chosen on the tariff |
issue, it certainly does notnow fairly represent i
I the political power of this Republic. The basis :
| upon which this House was chosen was fixed
| by the enumeration of 1860. Since then ten
' years have elapsed, and they have been more
eventful than any other ten years in the history
of this Republic have been or will be. During
that time the population of this country has
shifted more than in any other decade of its
existence. Besides that the black race has been
emancipated. And this House, therefore, does
not, cannot fairly represent the views of thepeo-
ple of the United States upon this question. So
that although we may have the constitutional
power, in my judgment we shall not have the
i moral right to make a general revision of the
j tariff until there shall have been another election
i upon the basis of the census about to be taken.
I Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. I rise to a point
| of order. I desire to ask the Chairman if gen*
i eral debate on the tariff bill is now in order ?
! The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must call
| the attention of the gentleman from Wisconsin
l to the propriety of his confining his remarks to
the pending paragraph.
Mr. PAINE. If there is any objection, I
will not proceed with my remarks.
Mr. SCHENCK. The discussion on this
Paragraph has run into general debate, and I
ope the House will now close it.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Is this ques-
tion divisible?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. STEVENSON. 1 desire to ask the
chairman of the committee one question before
the debate is closed.
Mr, BURCHARD. I desired to make some
remarks on this question.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schenck] move to close debate?
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that all debate on
the pending paragraph and amendments cease
in ten minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PAINE. I withdraw the amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. BURCHARD. I renew it. Mr. Chair-
man, this is a question not of protection, but of
revenue; no more protection is afforded to the
farmer by the amendment, so far as wheatand
flour are concerned, than now exists. But the
amendment will have the effect of raising the
duty from 20 jper cent, to 80 per cent, ad
valorem, and is objectionable, because the
increase of duly may prevent the importation
of those articles. The only reason why ille
wheat grown across the line in Canada rumi-a
into this country is because it is cheaper k>
send it through our canals to the sea board,
and by that route export it abroad, than to send
it by the St. Lawrence route. But already
wheat has been exported directly in vessels
going from Chicago through the Welland canal
and down the St. Lawrence to the ports of
Europe ; and if you increase the tariff so that
the increased duty exceeds the increased cost
of transportation by that route, you will slnit
out the wheat that passes through our canals
to the sea-board; you will cut off at once all
importation and all revenue from that source.
So far as the question of protection enters
into this matter, there has been a statement
made which I desire to correct. The import-
ations of wheat into this country for the year
1869, from 1st January to 81st December,
as shown by the Treasury reports, were only
638,715 bushels, and the exports were over
,34,000,000 bushels. The statement made that
one fourth as much is imported as exported
is altogether incorrect, and ia based upon old
figures of some years ago, 1866 or 1867, instead
of taking the importations and exportation of
1868 and 1869. The exports have been in-
creasing and are now increasing from year to
year. This is a mere matter of revenue. It
is no protection, because as stated by the gen-
tleman from Michigan [Mr. Blair] and others
upon this floor on both sides of the question
of protection or non-protection, the price is
governed by the price where the demand is
greatest, and that is on the continent of Eu-
rope and in England. Hence I say that we
should look at this as a question of revenue
and as a question of revenue we had better
leave the tariff where it is at the present time
than raise it and cutoff importations. On the
question of barley I admit that it may affect it
because we do import a far greater amount of
barley than we export; but of wheat and flour
and.corn we export much more than we import.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CHURCHILL. Mr. Chairman, it is
admitted by the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Smith] that the price of grain in this country,
and particularly of wheat and corn, ia fixed by
the price in Europe, to which our surplus goes.
Now, the surplus of Canada goes to precisely
the same point that our surplus does; it goes
to Europe, to Great Britain, and it makes no
difference whether that surplus meets our sur-
plus in New York or meets it in Liverpool.
The effect of the adoption of the amendment
of the gentleman from Vermont can be very
[ well explained by what has been one of the
I effects of the abrogation of the reciprocity treaty
j in 1866, and that was to change the direction
! that this grain takes in going to market from
i our own rivers and canals to the Canadian lines'
■ of exportation. The amount of Canadian pro-
i duce which has gone to Europe by the way of
New York has been very considerably less than
it was before that time, and for the very good
reason that before that time, when Canadian
produce came into this country free, it first
went to New York, trying the market there,
and then went from New York to Liverpool,
and it made no difference whether the exporta-
tion there was of our own surplus or of the
surplus of Canada. The effect of the adoption
of this proposition would be to divert entirely
from our own lines of transportation the grain
of Canada, and drive it by way of the St. Law-
rence to Europe.
But a« a question of revenue I desire to call
the attention of the committee to a few facts.
The chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means has informed the House that the pres-
ent rates of duty are not more than from 11 to
18 per cent.-on these grains. If that be true,
then I ask the attention of the committee to
what the effect has been of the imposition of
even thoBe low duties upon Canadian products.
