THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21>
trix of Ihe lato Robert J. Walker, deceased,
praying an appropriation for services rendered
and expenses defrayed by him while Governor
of the Territory of Kan sas; which was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. FOWLER presented the petition of
Nancy C. Burton, of Tennessee, praying to be
allowed a pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SUMNER. I present a petition from
General J. W. Phelps, well known in the war
for the suppression of the rebellion, and now
a citizen of Vermont, and, as he represents, a
holder of real estate in the city of Alexandria,
Virginia. He sets forth that that portion of
the District of Columbia south of the Potomac
river was transferred to the State of Virginia
without a fall understanding with regard to it;
that the transfer was unconstitutional, and he
asks a revision of that act of Congress, and
that that portion of the District shall be re-
turned to the District. I am not certain what
committee should consider the subject, whether
it be tho Committee on the District of Colum-
bia or the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. M0R1ULL, of Maine. I would suggest
to the Senatorthat thatquestion has often been
before the Committee on tho District of Colum-
bia, but as it clearly involves a question of law
I think it properly belongs to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr-. SUMNER. The Senator suggests the
Judiciary Committee. Very well; I move its
reference to the Committee on tho Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
I'AI'EltS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. HAMILTON, it, was
Ordered, That tho petition and papers of John
liobb bo taken from tho filos of tho tfonato and
roioircu to tho Committ.co on Claim*.
UJ3POKTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. CKAGIN, from the Committee on Ter-
litories, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
28G) to provide for the execution of tho laws
ngumst the crime of polygamy in the Territory
ot Utah, and for other purposes, reported it
with amendments.
BU,I,S INTRODUCED.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. ;>57) fixing tho status of certain Federal
soldiers enlisting in tho Union Army from the
btato of Alabama ; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Military
A flairs, and ordered to bo printed.
Mr. RAMSEY. 1 move that the Senate pro-
ceed to tho consideration ot executive business,
as tiierOTScems to be no legislative business.
Mr. WILLIAMS.. Let me make a motion to
refer a bill upon which J desire to sav word
J lie VTCfc PRLRFDENT. The morning-
hour business ha?; not yet been concluded, but
the Senator from Minnesota moves that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of exec-
utive business.
Hr' [ wis!l 'o introduce a bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. I withdraw the motion if
there 13 further morning business.
Mr. WARNER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
od?) for Hie more eqna ldistribution of
national banking capital; which was read twice
by its title, 1'eferied to the Committee on !
l'inanee, and ordered to be printed
Mr WILSON asked, and b'y unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce ajointresolu-
tion (S. It. i<o.87) granting the use of the store-
houses in Judiciary Square to the Women's
Christian Association of Washington; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed. :
REVENUE CUTTERS
Mr. TRUMBli LL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate joint
resolution No. So.
The VICE ^RESIDENT. The Chair will
state that Senate resolutions have not yet been
called for, the remaining part of the morning-
hour business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I thought they were
through.
The VICE PRESIDENT.- Senate-reso-
lutions are now in order.
Mr. SPENCER. I offer the following reso-
lution and ask for its present consideration :
Resolved, That tho Secretary of the Treasury bo
requested to furnish tho Senate a full and complete
statement—
1. Of the original cost of Mteh of the revenue-cut-
tors now employed or owned by the United States,
and the amount expended upon each in alteration
or repairs since its construction.
2. The monthly expense of each revenue-cutter
now in the service of or owned by tho Government.
3. What amount of money has been paid into the
Treasury of tho United States resulting from fines,
forfeitures, penalties, or the proceeds of seizures, tho
obtaining of which waa duo to any revenue-cutter or
of its officers, from the 1st of January, 1866, to tho
present time.
4. The number, names, and tonnage of the revenue-
cutters constructed orpurehased bythe Government
during tho past ten years; the cost of each, how long
they were in the service, and what finally became of
them: if sold, at what prioe, and whether steamers
or sailing vessels.
5. Tho number and grade of all officers attached
to the revenue marine service since January 1,1866,
giving date of appointment, nativity, whence ap-
pointed, and rato of pay, with the time each has
been on duty or waiting orders.
6. Tho number and grades of the present force,
date of appointment, nativity, whenoo appointed,
rato of pay, and to what vessel attached, or waiting
orders.
7. The annual expense of maintaining this service
since the fiscal year ending Juno30,1865, classifying
expenditures into separate branches.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the immediate consideration of the
resolution ?
Mr. CRAGIN. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, it will lie over.
SCHOOLS IN TUB DISTRICT.
Mr. WILSON. I submit the following reso-
lution, and ask for its present consideration :
tiesolved. That the Committee on tho District of
Columbia he instructed to examine into tho admin-
istration of the school commissioners, and into the
condition ofthocolorcd schools of thoeitiesof Wash-
ington and Georgetown.
Mr. HAMLIN. The language of that reso-
lution is somewhat ambiguous. I wish the
Senator would define precisely the lino of duty
which he would desire the committee to per-
form. Are they to go all over the District,
examine the schools, visit them?
Mr. WILSON. You can summon the com-
missioners before you.
Mr. SUMNER. I take it it will be in tho
discretion of the committee to take such course
as it deems best.
The resolution was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to.
iikssaciu from the 1iodse.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton-Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the fol-
lowing bill and joint resolution, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate :
A. bill (II. R. No. 079) making a temporary
appropriation for the prosecution of the work
upon the improvement of the Des Moines rap-
ids in the Mississippi river ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 93) to distrib-
ute the number and rank of Government
employ6s among the several districts and Ter-
ritories.
order of business.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Has the Senator
a resolution to offer?
Mr. WILLIAMS. No, sir; I desire to move
to take up a bill for reference.
Mr. Sumner and Mr. Trumbull addressed
the Chair.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate joint
resolution No. 85, in regard to the representa-
tion of Virginia.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois will suspend. The Chair understands
the Senator from Massachusetts has morning
business.
Mr. SUMNER. If it is in order to move to
proceed with business I believe I have the floor
for that purpose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state the condition of affairs before the Senate.
The Senator from Illinois, supposing that Sen-
ate resolutions had been called for when only
bills and joint resolutions had been called for,
rose and moved that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of a certain bill. The Chair
stated that that would not be in order until
Senate resolutions had been called for, unless
by unanimous consent. The Chair subsequently
recognized the Senator from Oregon, supposing
that he proposed to offer a resolution. He did
not, however, but wished to move to take up a
bill, and then the Chair stated that the Sen-
ator from Illinois was first entitled to the floor,
he having claimed the floor when ho supposed
morning-hour business was exhausted. If the
Chair has erred he will defer to the action of
the Senate.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have no objection to the
Senator from Illinois having the floor, but I
have an objection to its being supposed that
he has any sort of right to it by priority. The
Senator rose and made a motion; the Chair
very properly ruled that he was out of order,
and went on with the morning business. After
the morning business was concluded the Chair
recognized the Senator from Massachusetts.
The Chair cannot assign the floor to another
individual by any priority.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Maine that he is
misinformed, of course erroneously, on one
fact; that is, the Chair had not announced that
morning-hour business had concluded when he
recognized the Senator from Massachusetts,
but in other particulars the Chair agrees with
the Senator from Maine. All the Senators on
the floor will take their seats.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is
wtiting for morning-hour business. [A pause. 1
Mr. SUMNER. Am I in order?
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair de-
sires to conform to the suggestion made by his
predecessor. Morning-hour business is now
concluded.
Several Senators addressed the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. I now move that the Senate
proceed with the consideration of Senate bill
No. 115, which has already been under con-
sideration in the body, and which ought to be
acted upon before we adjourn.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts will permit me to say that I rose yes-
terday morning to make a motion to take up
a bill with a view to its reference, and I was
interrupted by that Senator, so that I was not
able _ to make that motion. I now ask per-
mission to take up a bill which I have intro-
duced, for the purpose of referring it to a
committee, and I wish to take aboutfive minutes'
time upon the motion to refer. I desire to
have the bill before the committee so that they
can be examining it and ascertain whether it
is a proper bill to be reported or not.
Mr\ SUMNER. Now if I can have the
attention of my friend I should like to explain
to him the condition of this bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I would rather waive my
motion than take any time about it. I have
tried it every morning.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well. I have tried
every morning—the Senate will bear witness—
and here is a bill that has been reported by a
committee and which is urgent and ought to be
acted upon before we separate.
sr''" What is the urgency ?
• SUMNER. The urgency is that there
is a cable landed on our shores from France
