562
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 7,
Ho. op Reps.
Missouri Contested Election—Mr. jSwitzler.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
President, McClurg for Governor, and, with a
single exception, for Dyer for Congress. Not
one of them voted for me.
The sitting member selected the jury, ac-
cepting and swearing whom he pleased, and
challenging whom he pleased with cause or
without cause. I had nothing to do with it;
was not even permitted at times to be present
when the jury was being impanneled, and was
denied the constitutional right of challenge.
The jury being thus appointed by my polit-
ical opponents, and sworn, and well sworn at
that, I was very graciously asked to return
within the bar, submit my cause to a jury thus
packed and tampered with, or, in default of it,
to take a non-suit, pay the costs, and go out
of court.
THE CAUSE SUBMITTED.
Great as the interests at stake were, and
formidable as the odds, I chose to go to trial.
I submitted my cause and the cause of the
people to that jury. I did it confidently, zeal-
ously, and with an importunity which would
accept no denial. There, sir, face to face with
the sitting member, I reviewed the legislation
of Congress, discussed your policy of recon-
struction, your dismantling and destruction of
State governments, your military despotisms
in the southern States in time of peace, your
financial and tariff policies, your colossal debt
and high taxes, the alarming encroachments
of your legislation upon the rights of the States
and the people, and the unenviable record which
your party friends in my own State have made.
In short, sir, in joint discussions with the sit-
ting member from the hustings, before the peo-
ple, I expounded to this jury the unsearchable
riches of the Constitution and the value to us
and to our children of the priceless heritage
left us by our fathers.
WlfOI.ES.U.H DISPItANCKlSEyuN'L'.
To defeat me and secure his own election
more than ten thousand Democrats, embracing
much of the education, wealth, true loyalty,
and cultivation of the district, were remorse-
lessly disfranchised and driven ignominiously
from the jury and the ballot.
And yet, sir, this jury, thus selected by the
political friends of the gentleman who occupies
my seat here, returned a vcrdict of nearly u
thousand majority against him; and now he
refuses to stand by the verdict of his own jury !
No sooner was their judgment delivered than
he clandestinely sets to work, in my absence
from the district, to have their verdict set aside,
illegally and without warrant of law, and by a
proceeding which both branches of this corn-
mil tee and the supreme court of Missouri have
declared to be a usurpation, a finding which
logically labels the back of the chair in which
he sits with the word ''usurper."
To redress the outrage I appealed to this
Congress upon a short, clear, and well-prepared
record. The law is plain; the proof irrefra-
gable.
_ Without any agency of mine—for here again,
sir, I am powerless to have my preferences
heeded—-this canse is submitted to the adjudi-
cation of the gentleman's own political friends;
a committee, directly or indirectly, of his own
selection. And this jury, too, linds against him,
and again he flies their verdict and resists it.
Is there to be no end to this thing? Will
not this House compel him, as 1 am persuaded
they would compel me under similar circum-
stances, to abide the verdict of his own jury,
a registration and an election conducted by
his own friends? Or will this House, disre-
garding the laws of Missouri and the facts of
this record, indorse the illegal and wholesale
ostracism of the people of my district, render
excusable the dangerous usurpations of Rod-
man, and thus aid Colonel Oyer in thrusting
himself down the reluctant Uiroats of au out-
raged eonsiituenfiv ?
Can the dominant majority in this House,
strong and overwhelming as it is; can the
Republican party of the united States, flushed
with victory in the last contest, and invincible
as some of their over-zealous friends claim it
to be, afford to be unjust? Can they afford
to add to this the long catalogue of wrongs
and blunders and usurpations on which the
Democratic party are arraigning them before
the people—a people now rapidly regaining
their manhood and marshaling their powers
of peaceful resistance?
MB PEOPLE COMING.
Sir, this is no place for taunts or menaces.
Perhaps it is no place for the contemplation
of that fearful " looking forward of judgment"
which sooner or later is the wise policy of all
political parties whose career is distinguished
by sad and sudden departures from the old
landmarks of liberty. Nevertheless, I trust
I will be pardoned, even in this presence and
in the discussion of this issue, if I delicately
suggest that the precedents, wrongs, and usurp-
ations of to-day may, in the mutations of party,
return to torment their inventors.
Mr. Speaker, the people are coming 1 If
those in authority in this House to-day will but
listen, they can hear in the distance the thun-
der of the coming train with the people on
board. Do you not catch on almost every
breeze the ominous rattle of the wheels of
national reform and political regeneration,
admonishing all usurpers and tyrants to clear
the track or be crushed to atoms? "Therefore
thou art inexcusable, whosoever thou art, that
judgest; for wherein tliou judgest another,
thou coudemnest thyself."
itKi'oitT ot' Tin: minoiutv.
The report of the minority of the committee
is a remarkable paper. Had 1 the time I would
examine it somewhat in detail; but a brief refer-
ence to it must sullice for this occasion.
On the very first page an attempt is made to
arouse the spirit ol'party, and to transform into
a political question that which is simply a judi-
cial issue. The report says this " is a question
of the triumph of law over anarchy, of fidelity
over corruption, and of loyalty over treason."
With some men everything which disputes
their right to hold an oliice to which they have
no legal claim becomes a question of " loyalty
over treason." We have in Missouri quite a
large number of these hybrid statesmen, who
arc so superlatively patriotic as to desire to
serve their country in positions to which their
country never called them. Any attempt to
assert the majesty of law over anarchy, and the
right of the people to be represented here or
elsewhere by the men of their choice, instantly
becomes " a question of loyalty over treason."
It is " loyalty" for them to usurp high places
of power in defiance of the popular will j "'trea-
son " if any attempt is made to eject them
therefrom. It is "loyalty" for the sitting
member to send into Monroe county during
the last canvass an ex-confederate major to
make speeches for liini and against me, but
'•treason" in mo to insist that he abide a
registration made from first to last by his
own friends.
THE WOLi'-HOWL.
Mr. Speaker, this wolf-howl of ''treason,"
and of "rebel," and "bushwhacker," is an
old story. There is no music in it. We have
heard it from .Radical lips in Missouri so often
that it has become as threadbare as a thrice-
told tale. It ought to be stereotyped and kept
ready to insert in every speech and paper and
report delivered in the interest of Missouri
Radicalism. This would be a shorteutto much
of its stock in trade.
AN ANECDOTE.
It is somewhere related of a certain Chris-
tian gentleman, living, it may be, in the six-
teenth Pennsylvania district, now represented
here by the author of the minority report,
[Mr. Cessna,] that he contrived an easy and
rapid method of saying his evening prayers.
He wrote upona placarda list of the petitions
he wished to offer, and tacked it to the ceiling
over his bed. On retiring he would devoutly
point to the placard and utter a long prayer in
short meter by saying, " 0 Lord, thein are my
sentiments. Amen!" [Laughter.] Why can-
not our friends here imitate this device and
carry on a placard their accustomed utterances,
about "loyalty" and " treason," and. simply
pointingto it, declare " Them's my sentiments.
Amen?"
DEFYING THE LAW.
The minority report also says:
" In season and out of season, in the courts and in
Congress, boforotho people and at the polls, has this
war been carried on against the constitution of Mis-
souri and tlio laws made in pursuance thereof; and
this Congress is asked to sanation such defiance of
law by admitting to a seat upon this floor a gentle-
man whoso only claim to admission is based upon the
vote of a county where this disregard and dofianco
of law had, in the last election, undisputed sway/'
Strong words, truly, to be uttered in defense
of the sitting member, who is in my seat to-
day by au act which the supreme court of
Missouri and no less than two Republican com-
mittees of Congress declare to be a usurpation.
Who, then, in accepting a certificate of elec-
tion from Francis Rodman, and in clandes-
tinely procuring ex parte affidavits to procure
it, disregarded and defied the law ? And if in
the county of Monroe the constitution and laws
were defied in the registration, a charge which
I have utterly disproved and disgraced in this
record, that defiance was the act of the gen-
tleman's own friends, the act of a board of
Radical registrars, not one of whom voted for
me.
CONSTITUTION OP MISSOURI.
As to tho present constitution of Missouri,
Mr. Speaker, it was my privilege to be a mem-
ber of the convention which framed it, and 1
recall the historic fact with proud satisfaction
that I opposed its adoption by speech and vote
to the last. " In season and out of season, in
the courts and in Congress, before the people
and at the polls," I have made war upon its
odious oaths and disfranchisements, and its
diabolical spirit, a spirit which forbids all
charity and shuts the gates of mercy on man-
kind.
l!ut what has all this to do with the merits
of this case ?
A COMPARISON.
This House is exhorted by the minority
report, and by various gentlemen who have
addressed the House, not to "go back on its
record" in the Switssler-Anderson case of the
Fortieth Congress. The report says :
" Kvrry point arising- in that case in rejrard to tho
vole in Callaway county arises in this case in regard
to Monroe county. Alter a lengthy consideration
and exhaustive debate the House rejected the (Jai-
laway county vote and retained Mr. Anderson in his
scat, in the face of that'decision, it seems to mo
it would hardly bo respectful in your committee
to ignore tho action of the Uouse, and attempt to
reverse its decision."
To this I reply—
1. It will not be denied, I think, that tho
Switzler-Anderson ease was not decided by the
House oil its merits as a judicial question.
Other considerations, well understood by gen-
tlemen here, controlled its action.
2. At the time of the decision of that case
the supreme court of Missouri had not ren-
dered its judgment in either the Bland-Rodman
or the State-Steers case, wherein they have
since unanimously affirmed that the secretary
of State or a county clerk, in openingand casting
up votes, acts ministerially and not judicially ;
that neither has any power to pass upon and
adjudge whether votes are legal or illegal, but
simply to award the certificate to the person
having the highest number.
3. In the Switzler-Anderson case the ques-
tion was as to the legality of the registration
in Callaway; and in that case three of the
