1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2521
rendezvoused at Port Sully, depose and say
"that they believe it was the intention of
the Indians to attack the fort, and they were
only prevented from doing So by the prepara-
tions which the letter of warning from Mrs.
Kelly had induced the commanding officer to
make; and that they verily believe that if the
attack liad been made without such prepara-
tion it would have resulted in the capture of
the fort and the massacre of its inmates."
It further appears that the Indians who com-
mitted these outrages were at the time receiv-
ing annuities under a treaty concluded with
them in 1851. That these annuities were suc-
ceeded by others, stipulated to be paid them
by a treaty concluded October 20, 1865, and
by a treaty of April 29, 1808, but under these
treaties no appropriations for the payment of
annuities the present year have been made by
Congress.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, demanded the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to a third read-
ing ; and it was accordingly read the third time.
Jlr. LAWRENCE. 1 wish to call attention
to this bill. It is "a little steeper" than any
bill ever before presented in this House of
which I have any knowledge. It is a proposi-
tion to give $5,000 for communicating inform-
ation by a captive in the hands of Indians. If
we are to adopt that as a principle, and pay in
every case where valuable information has been
given, we will swell up our national deht not
only to $2,500,000,000, but to $2,500,000,000,-
000. I call attention to it; if the House adopt
it, with them is the responsibility; I shall vote
against it.
The House divided on the passage of the
bill; and there were—ayes 51, noes 49; no
quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Clakke, of Kansas,
and Mr. Lawrence.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 65, noes 89.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by
Mr. Hamlin, one of its clerks, notifying the
House that that body had passed, without
amendment, House bill No. 1713, to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for salaries
of United States ministers for the fiscal year
ending June 80, 1870.
It further announced that the Senate had
passed a joint resolution (H. R. No. 120) de-
claratory of the meaning and intention of the
law relating to income tax, with an amend-
ment, in which the concurrence of the House
was requested.
MJBSONAti EXPLANATION.
Mr. TWICHELL. I rise to mako a per-
sonal explanation.
There was no objection.
Mr. TWICHELL. Mr. Speaker, after what
has taken place upori this floor this morning,
it will be evident to every man who heard what
took place, either the memory of the gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. Boyd] was at fault
or that mine was. It appears by the record
of the proceedings of tho Committee on the
Post Office and Post lloads, which I have
before me, that, on the 17th of January, 1870,
the bill No. SGI, in relation to D. B. Allen &,
Co., was referred to that committee, and was
referred to myself as a sub-committee, as ap-
pearsalsoby the record. It appears further that
ou I he 23d of February following the bill was
reported back to the committee by myself rec-
ommending these claimants be paid §21,543.
The report was not then written out, but the
evidence was before tho committee. By this
record it appears that "Mr. Twichell was
authorized to report favorably on the bill to
the House: Mr. Farnswormi, Mr. Ferry,
Mr. Hill, Mr. Twichell, Mr. Boyd, and Mr.
Tyneb voting in the affirmative." Under that
authority I made the report, the gentleman
from Missouri being present and voting. I
have nothing further to say.
HON. HENRY W. BARRY.
Mr. PAINE. _ I report back from the Com-
mittee of Elections the credentials of Henry
W. Barry, member-elect from the third con-
gressional district of Mississippi, with the state-
ment that they are of the precise form of the
others upon which members from Mississippi
have taken seats upon this floor, and I move
that he be sworn in.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will report the
credentials.
The Clerk road as follows : .
IIeadquakters Fourth Military District,
Department of Mississippi,
Jackson, Mississippi. January 14,1870.
I hereby Certify that at tho election hold in tho
State of Mississippi on tho 30th of November and
1st of December, 1809, Ileury W. Barry was elected
a member of Congress from the third congressional
district.
ADELBERT ABIES,
Brevet Major General U. S. A., commanding.
Attest:
.EDWARD LYNCH.
Provisional Secretary of Slate.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to tho
member-elect being sworn in ?
There was no objection; and Mr. Bauiiy pre-
sented himself at the desk and qualified by
taking the oath prescribed by the act of July
2, 1802.
ADJOURNMENT TILL MONDAY.
Mr. CAKE. I move that when tho House
adjourns to-day it be to meet ou Monday next.
Mr. DAWES. I hope that motion will not
be adopted in face of the amount of business
which there is before the House. If we cannot
afford to sit on Saturday we will have to pay
for it by night sittings in July, with the heat of
the gas streaming down on our heads.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not debat-
able.
The question was put; and there were on
a division—ayes 55, noes 59.
Mr. DAWES. I demand the yeas and nays.
I want the country to know who desire to post-
pone the public business in order to have a
play-day on Saturday.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided in
the negative—ycasG9, nays 100, not voting 50;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archcr, Armstrong, Arncll,
Asper, Axtoil, Ayer, Beck,Biggs, Bird, Boles, James
Brooks, Buck, Burchnrd, Burr, Benjamin 1'. Butler,
Cake, Cleveland, Clinton L. Cobb, Cook, Cox, Dick-
inson, Dyer, Finkelnburg, Get?,, Gibson, tlriswold,
Hale, Harris, llolman, Alexander II. Jones. Judd,
Kerr, Knott, Marshall, Mayham, MeG-rcw, McKen-
y.ie, McNeely, Milnes, Eiiakim H. Moore, Morgan,
Samuel P. Morrill, iNegicy, Niblaek, Peters, Piatt,
Potter, Reading, Roots, Sargent, John A. Smith,
Joseph S. Smith, William J. Smith, William Smyth,
Stone, Sivalin, Xaile. 'I'auner, V.m Auk en, Van Horn,
Voorhees, Willard,Eugene M. WilsonvJohn X.Wil-
son. Winaiis, Winchester, Wood,and Woodward—69.
WAYS—Messrs. Ames, Atwood, Barry, Beaman,
Bcatty, Bennett, Bingham, Blair. Booker, Boyd,
(ieorgo M. Brooks, Buckley, Buflinton, Cessna,
Churchill, W. T. Clark, Sidney Clarke, Coburn, Co-
vode, Cowles, Crebs, Cullora, Dawes, Degcncr, Dixon,
Don lev, Dav.il, Ela. Forriss, Ferry, "fisher. Fitch,
Hamill, Hamilton, llawkins, Hays, Hoaton, Hill,
Hoar, Hoge, Hooper, Hotekkiss, Ingcrsoll, Jcnt-kes,
Johnson, Kelley, Kollogg, Keteham, Knapp, Law-
rence, Loughi-idgo, Lynch. Maynard, McCarthy,
MeConnick, McCrary, JMfcK.ce, Morcur, Jesse H.
Moore, William Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Myers,
O'Keill.Ortb,Packard,Paine, Palmer,Peree, Phelps,
Pomeroy, Prosser, Ileeves, Rogers, Sanford, Sawyer,
Schenck, Scoiicid, Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, Shor-
rod, Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson, Strauor,
Strong, Tillman, 'IWnsend, Trimble, Twichell, xy-
ner, Upson, Ward, William B. Washburn, Welker,
Wells, Wheeler, Whitmore, Wilkinson, Williams,
and Witoher—100.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Ambler. Bailey,
Banks, Barnum, Benjamin, Bon ton, Bowcn, Burdett,
Roderick It. Butler, Calkin, Amasa Cobb. Conger,
Conner, Davis, Dickey, Ihickcry, Dox. Eldridso,
^ox. Garfield, Gjlfillan, Haissht, Halde,
man, Hamblcton, Hawley, Hay, lleflin, Thomas L.
Jones, Julnm, Kelsey Lsiflin, Lash, Logan, Morphia,
^,?irrii?ey' ¥.a,ngen' Packer, Poland, Porter, Ran-
dal], Rice, Kidgway, Schumaker. Porter Sheldon,
8 ociim Worthington C. Smith Stiles, Stokes,
fetoughton Strickland, Sweeney, Van Trump, Van
Wyck, and Cadwalader C. Washburn—56.
So the House refused to adjourn over till
Monday.
Mr. SCHENCK obtained the floor.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
_ Mr, JOHNSON. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me for a minute while I make a per-
sonal explanation and move to have a paper
referred.
Mr. SCHENCK. I yield to the gentleman
for that purpose.
Mr. JOHNSON. Some weeks ago I intro-
duced a bill to create a new judicial district in
the State of California. It was sent to me by
a distinguished lawyer of the city of San Fran-
cisco. I received it here at my desk and intro-
duced it, and had it referred to the Judiciary
Committee without ever looking at it. The
newspapers in California of both parties as-
sailed me for that act, because tho boundaries
fixed by that bill are not what they ought to be.
Now, Mr. Speaker, 1 will say that 1 am in
the habit of introducing everything that is sent
to me by niy constituents, bills, and resolutions
and petitions, and everythingof thatkind. I did
notinteudthatthisbiH should have passedin the
shape in which I found it after it was printed.
The entire bar of San Francisco have sent
me a document remonstrating against the pas-
sage of the bill. And I ask leave of the House
to send it to the Judiciary Committee, that they
may see the objection the bar make to the pas-
sage of the bill. One more word and I have
dono. It has been charged by the press that I
have been endeavoring to legislate out of office
Judge Hoffmann, who is a very distinguished
gentleman and a very distinguished judge, and
not a politician. He does not belong either to
the Democratic or Republican party. It is
not likely that a faithful sentinel on the watch-
tower, like myself, would legislate a man of that
kind out of office and put two gentlemen who
are Republican in politics in office in his place.
It is not very likely that I would do so. That
is all I desire to say.
Tho remonstrance was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SCHENCK. I would like, with the
permission of tho House, to mako one remark
upon the personal explanation which has been
made by the gentleman from California.
Mr. WOOD. If it is a " personal explana-
tion " I do not know but that I must object.
[Laughter.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I wish simply to explain
that I have uniformly refused to introduce bills
upon tho request of persons, no matter how
respectable, and I think the gentleman from
California and all of us will find it a very good
rule to adhere to to be very careful about com-
plying with these requests. I have been caught
once in ray life, I remember, in the same way.
Mr. JOHNSON. I desire to say that the
gentleman is right, and I shall never introduce
anything hereafter without first examining and
approving it,
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
roiled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled an act (H.
R. No. 1123) to remove political disabilities
from Francis E. Shober, of North Carolina;
when the Speaker signed the same.
GENERAL GABRIEL B. PAUL.
Mr. ASPER. I ask unanimous consent that
the joint resolution (S. R- No. 158) for the
relief of Brigadier General Gabriel R. Paui,
of the United States Army, be taken from the
Speaker's table and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
There was no objection ; and the joint reso-
lution was taken from the Speaker's table and
