1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4409
who was disloyal, when only a question of
money is concerned between the Government
of the United States and their neighbors.
If this bill is passed in this shape it will be
regretted, and the southern Senators will regret
it more than anybody else. The persons they
desire to pay will not be paid as frequently as
others. They are generally poor; they are
generally not in a condition to employ lawyers
to present their eases equal to the rebels, and
vou will find that there will be ten rebel claims
to one loyal claim here if this bill passes with-
out some means of investigating it.
If the Committee on Claims will provide that
there shall be a board of officers to investigate
these claims, and that they shall have authority
to call witnesses, and that there shall be an
officer of the United States to examine those
witnesses and take testimony, I shall have no
objection to the passage of the bill. If that
cannot be agreed to, and it is to be on ex parte
testimony, where no counter evidence can be
produced or will be produced, 1 am opposed
to that kind of legislation.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Mr. President, the exam-
ination of claims by the Committee on Claims,
so far as my observation has extended, has
resulted in this: that in effect this law as
■applied to the southern States, is already in
operation, and applies to the State of Tennes-
see, a State as much in the rebellion as any of
the southern States. That examination has
convinced me that the settlement of the claims
growing out of the incidents of the war has
been more in the interest of the Government
of the United Stales through the quartermas-
ter's and commissary departments than such
claims have been able to be settled in any of
the northern States. That is my judgment,
from a very critical examination of the claims
that have come before the committee, in the
examination of which the records of the de-
partment are necessarily brought before each
member of the committee. I would observe
to the Senator from Nevada that it will not do
for us at this time to haggle as to the payment
of these claims, when it is considered, as the
Senate must consider, that the income of this
Government at the present time comes largely
from the southern States ; that tliey are to-day
paying for the incidental and other expenses
attending the war; and if you will critically
examine the income of the Government at the
present time you will find that the larger por-
tion, directly or indirectly, of the receipts ot
the Government comes mainly irom the south-
ern States.
That, it seems to me, should be an argument,
not in favor, perhaps, of liberality, but in favor
of liquidating these claims, and of relief to the
Committee on Claims; for in the department
of the Quartermaster General and Commissary
General are all the evidence and all the^ ma-
chinery for the settlement of these claims ;
whereas the members of the Committee on
Claims are forced to go to these departments
to obtain the evidence, and then to bring it to
the consideration of their committee.
All the Committee on Claims now ask. as f
understand, is that the facts and the evidence
shall be compiled in the departments; and
that in that shape the claims shall be^pre-
sented for the action of the Legislature. 1 nat
is the bill as I undeistand it. 1 trust the Sen-
ate will relieve the Committee on Claims and
determine this question in the affirmative, as
it seems to me fair that it should be.
Mr. WARNER. Mr. President, 1 do not
want the vote to bo taken upon this bill with
exactly the construction put upon it by the
Senator irom Wisconsin, who has charge of
it. As a friend of this bill, 1 want this P^1U"
ciple recognized—and I understand the bill to
mean that—that Union men of the South shall
be put upon the same basis as Union men ot
the North.
This bill limits the payment lor claims iO
Utiion men who have furnished quartermaster
and commissary stores only. As to these two
classes of supplies I want this vote of the Sen-
ate to mean that the Union man in Alabama
or Mississippi shallliave the same claim against
the Government of the United States for pay-
ment as though he lived in Indiana or in
Ohio or in Wisconsin. My own judgment is
that liis claim is a better one, if there be any
difference. If he, amid all the persecutions
which surrounded him, amid all the difficulties
that environed him, amid and against all the
pressure which was brought to bear upon him
from every side, social, pecuniary, and* mili-
tary, still remained loyal to his Government, I
think his standing in court ought, if any dif-
ference were made, to be bettor than that of
the man in Indiana or Ohio, who, yelding to
an overwhelming popular sentiment, or going
with it, was loyal.
Now, Mr. President, look at tho other prin-
ciple. If you assume the doctrine asserted here
of constructive treason, the doctrine thatall men
who were within the limits of the rebellious
States were by reason of that fact enemies to
the Government, andhave, as the Senatorl'rom
Michigan [Mr. Howard] very tersely ex-
pressed it, no standing in tho courts of their
country, what position do you place us in? You
say that the stores, the bacon, and the corn
which were taken by our armies from the wife
of a soldier who was fighting in our Army shall
not be paid for; that she has no standing in
the courts of the country for which her husband
fought, and for which, perhaps, he gave his life,
while you would pay to the last dollar and the
last farthing to Mr. Vallandigham or to tho
Knights of the Golden Circle who were doing
what they could to destroy the Government
which the other fought to save.
Now. I ask my political friends hero in the
Senate if they want nsto go back toour people
and say to them that that is the doctrine of this
great Union party ; to say to the two or three
thousand Union soldiers who came from the
mountains of Alabama into our Army, " You
have no standing in the courts of your coun-
try ; you have no claims for property arising
during the war which your country feels itself
bound to respect?" I ask if you can expect
us to maintain that doctrine, that position, and
yet build up in those States a great parly true
and loyal to the Government and to the prin-
ciples and purposes of tho great Republican
party ot the country?
Mr. DRAKE. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to say a word right here?
Mr. WARMISH. Yes, sir.
Mr. DRAKE. I do not think the Senator
from Alabama does justice to the Republican
Senators on this ilooi in making that statement
of the case, i do not understand that there is
a single Republican Senator here that is indis-
posed to allow these claims to be paid. The
' point is that the bill as it stands seems to many
here not to be properly devised to protect the
interest of the Government. That is the diffi-
culty. 1 think no Republican Senator who
votes against this bil-1 is to be taken as opposed
to the p-ayment of these claims because he does
give that vote. I object to this bill because
of the way in which it is framed, at the same
time avowing that I am in lavor ot paying the
claims of the loyal men in the South for these
things.
Mr. ABBOTT. Will the Senator from Ala-
bama allow me a word?
Mr. WARNER. Yes, sir.
Mr. ABBOTT. In reply somewhat to what
has fallen from the lips of the Senator from
Missouri I would say that as I understand this
bill it expresses no new principle in relation to
claims, neither in relation to the evidence nor
the modes of its collection ; but it simply ap-
plies the law. as it now stands in its application
to the loyal States, to the States which were in
rebellion. Tilts is exactly what I understand
this bill to propose as it has been applied in
several instances ; and I will ask the chairman
of the committee if that is not exactly toe
purpose of the bill?
Mr. HOWE. Precisely, • .
Mr. ABBOTT. That is precisely the pur-
pose of the bill.. There is no difference——.
Mr, HO WE. Except that we do notpay-the
claim when it is allowed by these Departments;
but the bill requires a specific appropriation
by Congress.
Mr. ABBOTT. Not as tjie bill reads with-
out the amendment, although they ought lo be
settled just as such claims are arising in other
States, by the quartermaster's department.
Now, in regard to one class of claims, there
can never be any doubt, and that is the class
where tho parties have the quartermaster's
receipts. In regard to the other class of claims,
it strikes me that the billissufficientlygiiarded
to provide against any fraud.
Mr. WARNER. I should like to say a word
to the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. NYii. If the Senator from Alabama
will allow me, I wish to ask the Senator from
North Carolina a question.
Mr. WARNER. Iwish to reply to the Sen-
ator from Missouri first. Iam glad to hear the
Senator from Missouri say that he is in favor
of the principle of putting the southern Union
men upon the same footing with northern Union
men. That is the great point for which I con-
tend. I will join most heartily with him in
maturing this bill in guarding against the pay-
ment of claims of rebels. I will agree with
him most heartily upon that ground. But while
he takes that position, he must remember that
other Senators on this floor—the Senator from
Michigan [Mr. Howard] and the Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner]—have taken the
ground virtually that these people, without
regard to their personal character, or personal
history or antecedents, were all aliens, and
had, as the Senator from Michigan himself
expressed it the other night, no standing in
our courts, and that we were under no obliga-
tion to pay any of them. It is to that prin-
ciple mainly that I was addressing myself.
Mr. DRAKE. Will the Senator pardon me
for interrupting him a moment just there?
Mr. WARNER. Certainly.
Mr. DRAKE. I am sorry to interrupt tho
Senator, but 1 trust it does not embarrass him.
Mr. WARNER. Not at all, sir.
Mr. DRAKE. The point in this—I make it
in reply not only to the remarks just made by
the Senator from Alabama, but to those made
by the Senator from North Carolina—I appeal
to those gentlemen, living as they_do in these
southern States, to say whether it is proper to
apply the same rule to cases of this kind, aris-
ing in the southern States, 'Jiatwe have applied
to cases arising in the northern Slates; and
my reason for putting that question and desir-
ing to bring the candid attention of the south-
ern Senators to that point is this: in the
northern States a man presenting a claim for
quartermaster or commissary stores furnished
to the Army, where he had not the quarter-
master's receipt, and had to depend upon
extraneous evidence to prove it, could, in the
nature of things, hardly be able to prove it
otherwise than by the testimony ol loyal men;
but in the southern States, where these men
live surrounded by rebels, and where rebels
would combine together to sustain each other's
claims,they,before the Quartermastei and Com-
missary General will swear each other's claims
through, and swear to each other's loyalty; and
the gentlemen from ttie South know that they
will not be particular in what they swear to in
sustaining each other in that way; and that is
the reason why I do not think the same rtue
that was applied in the northern States ought
to be applied in tho southern States.
Mr. STEWART. I would inquire ol the
Senator from Alabama—
Mr. WARNER. T prefer to proceed.
Mr. STEWART. Willthe Senator irom Ala-
bama object to a proposition of this land-
Mr. WARNER. i will yielu to a question.
I do not want any more speeches mieijected in
my remarks.
