1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3465
As a matter of protection, it is admitted by
the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Smith,]
! aud has been abundantly shown by the gentle-
man from Michigan, [Mr. Blair,] this increase
is not necessary. But as a question of revenue,
the imposition of even these small duties had
this effect upon our importations from Can-
ada. There was a reduction in the importa-
tions of wheat from $3,584,082 worth in 1866
to $1,678,629 worth in 1869; in other words,
a reduction of more than one half. There was
a reduction in our importations of wheat flour
from $4,498,824 worth in 1866 to $445,761
worth in 1869, or a redaction of nine tenths.
And so of many other articles of importation.
So that, so far as revenue is concerned, the in-
crease of duties propped by the gentleman
from Vermont will simply destroy importa-
tion, and therefore destroy revenue.
But let me call attention again to what is a
matter of interestto gentlemen who represent
agricultural districts, and that is that the great
producer from which we purchase this grain is
Canada. It is the nearest and the best market
outside of our own couutry which the western
farmer has. I desire again to call attention to
the proportion of each kind of grain which they
took from us compared with what wetook from
them; because if the Canadian takes two bushels
of western produce from us to each bushel
which we take from him, then of course it is a
trade which should be encouraged and not dis-
couraged. In 1869 we took trom the Cana-
dians $1,673,000 worth of wheat, while they
took from us $4,502,000 worth, or nearly three
times as much. In the same year we took
$445,000 worth of flour, while they took
$3,869,000 worth, or nearly nine timesac much.
We took from them in the same year $167,000
worth of rye, and they took from us- $1,180
worth—a very small amount. Of oats we took
$299,000 worth, while they took $290,000
worth, or about the same. But as the result
of the whole trade, we purchased from them
$7,084,840 worth, while they purchased from
us, of the sftrae species of grain, &c., $11,069,-
133 worth. In other words, they took nearly
twice as much from us as we took from them.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. By order of the com-
mittee, all debate upon the pending paragraph
and amendments thereto has terminated.
Mr. McCarthy. I ask unanimous consent
to he allowed to make a brief statement.
There wasno objection made j and leave was
accordingly granted.
_ Mr. McCAliTHY". The statement which has
just been made by my colleague from the Os-
wego district, [Mr. Chukchill,] shows that we
have Bold to the Canadas and the provinces
about thesame that we have bought from them.
But he does not give you this fact also, that
the sale of these products by the Canadas and
provinces to the United States has been mainly
to the State of New York and to a portion or
to all of the New England States, while our
sales, with the exception of corn, have been to
the provinces. Now, the balance of trade, one
way or the other, does not depend at all upon
the tariff, or at least to but a small extent. I
represent in part the State of New York. Fully
one half of that State buys barley, wheat, and
flour for consumption, and it must buy it either
from the Canadas or from the West. Now, we
say that it is but rigbt that a duty should be
put on the Canadian product at least equal to
the cost of transporting the wheat, flour, and
barley that we buy of the West, for we prefer
to buy it from the West.
Thegentleman from Illinois [Mr. Burchard]
is mistaken when he says that a tariff does not
benefit the sale of wheat and flour in the West.
But you must have this tariff in order to equal-
ize tbe cost of transportation. We are only
thirty-gix miles from the lakes, the water com-
munication with the Canadas. And while it
cost3 but 10 cents to get a bushel of wheat
Of a barrel of flour from the Canadas to the
western- part of New Yotkj it costs from 25
to 40 cents per bushel or barrel to get these
articles from the West. Consequently the
West needs this protection to enable it to pre-
serve its own market in New York.
Mr. TAYLOR. I ask unanimous consent
to make a statement on this subject.
There was no objection made; and leave was
accordingly granted.
Mr. TAYLOR. I rise for the purpose of
making a statement of facts, which I think
will bear very greatly upon the immediate
question now before the Committee of the
Whole. I think that statement of facts will
reach further, and will b%ar very materially
upon the whole question of protection. That
statement is, that of all the agricultural pro-
duots of this country, save the article of pota-
toes, those that depend upon a foreign market
have averaged during the last ten years from
100 to 800 per cent, more in price than at the
present time, while, on the other hand, all
those articles, with the exception of potatoes,
that depend upon our domestic market are as
high now as they have been on the average
during the last ten years. Here is a remark-
able fact, also : in the month of April of this
year, in the Philadelphia market, for the first
time in tbe history of our country, the price
of wheat and the price of Iodiau corn was
exactly the same per pound.
As to rye, Indian corn, beef, horses, hay,
dairy productions—every article of agricultural
production depending upon the local market
alone and not affected by the foreign market—
the price at Philadelpbiais as high as at any time
since 1860, while articles like wheat, cotton,
&o., depending upon the foreign market, are
from 100 to 300 per cent lower. I wish to
say a word in correction of the statement of
the gentlemen from Michigan, [Mr. Blair,]
which, if it had been correct, would have had
plausibility. He stated that the reason wheat
is brought across the border into the United
States is because of the exportation from the
border. Now, sir, the present duty on wheat
is 20 cents per bushel; and if the freight from
any Canadian port to Liverpool were less than
20 cents a bushel, why should the Canadian
wheat be sent to New York?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENSON. I move to amend the
amendment by adding the following: " on corn,
15 cents per bushel."
Tbe amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Does this
amendment include hay?
The CHAIRMAN. Itdoesnot. Theamend-
ment will be reported for information.
The Clerk read as follows:
On wheat, 30 cents per bushel; on rye, 29 cents per
bushel; on barley, 25 cents per busbel: on oats, 15
cent* per bushel; on corn, 15 cents per bushel.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move to amend tbe
amendraentby strikingout all relating to barley.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I move to amend so as
to make the duty on barley 80 cents per bushel.
The amendment' was not agreed to.
Mr. BURCHARD. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out all except the part
relating to barley.
The amendment was not agreed tp.
The question being taken on the amendment
as amended, there were—ayes 56, noes 14; no
quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Burchard
and Mr. Maynard were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 78, noes 38.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mjt. LOGAN. Inasmuch as we have im-
posed a duty for the protection of com, wheat,
4c.,-I niove, in order to carry out the princi-
ple, that a duty of 75 per eeut, ad valorem be
imposed on each current of fresh air that ven-
tilates this Hall. [Laughter.]
Tbe CHAIRMAN. That amendment is not
iu order.  
The Clerk read as follows:
On malt, 30 per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. judd. I move to amend by striking
out the paragraph just read. It seems to me
that the Committee of Ways and Means, in
proposing an increased duty on malt, have for-
gotten that such an increase strikes directly at
the manufacturer or brewer, and increases the
cost of the beverage to the consumer. Malt is
a raw material, in the sense in which that term
has been defined upon this floor in connection
with all other manufactures. The duty upon
this article is, under the existing laws, 20 per
cent., and the clause that I propose to strike
out increases this duty 50 per cent., and adds to
that extent to the cost of what is now a uni-
versal beverage, and may be considered in these
days almost one of the necessaries of life. This
change will effect a most important manufac-
turing interest.
Mr. MAYNARD. What is that?
Mr. JUDD. The making of a beverage which,
perhaps, the gentleman sometimes indulges in,
or at any rate he must have beard of it. If
not, he will allow me to tell him, beer, lager-
beer, sometimes ale.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is not the manufacture
taxed very heavily already?
Mr. JUDD. I was about to say, what tbe
gentleman from Tennessee suggests in an under-
tone, that upon the manufactures and from the
articles manufactured out of this imported raw
material the Government derives more than
$6,000,000 of internal revenue annually. Now,
when a branch of industry contributes such an
amount to tbe internal revenue for the 'sup-
port of the Government—and they pay it, Mr.
Chairman, without any effort to cheat the rev-
enue—are we to entertain for one moment a
proposition to increase to the extent of 50 per
cent, the tariff upon the raw material used in
the manufacture, thus adding still further to
the expenses in the production of this article?
Twenty per cent, is tbe present tariff. This
bill proposes an increase of 50 per cent. I
think my motion to strike out the paragraph
should commend itself to tfce judgment of the
House, first, because tbe proposed increase of
duty strikes at a branch of industry that con-
tributes so large an  mount of revenue for tbe
support of tbe Government; and in the next
place, because it increases the cost of temper-
ate men's beverage, lager-beer.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope that the motion of
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Judb] will
not prevail. If there were no other reason for
rejecting tbe motion, a suffic ent one might be
found iu the action of the Committee of the
Whole witbin the last few minutes. ; We have
put a duty of 26 cents a bushel upon barley, a
duty which, reduced to an ad valorem standard,
is probably from 23 to 25 per cent. Malt is
now 20 per eeot. under tbe existing tariff, and
the bill proposes to raise it to 30 per cent.,
thus putting a tariff on the prepared article, the
manufactured article, which has to go through
the hand of the maltster in this country, at
something reasonable, a little beyond what is
put on that which is brought in in its raw con-
dition. If we are to make any discrimination
between manufactured articles and raw mate-
rials from which they are prepared, that dis-
crimination should be observed in this as in
any other thing.
But, sir, the gentleman speaks, I think, for
the brewers. He must remember there are
farmers in the country as well as brewers. He
must remember in Ohio, Indiana, Michigan,
and in various parts of the country—-to a very
large extent in my own State I know—barley
can be produced and is produced, and the pro-
duction is. increasing until it is approaching
something like a-supply for the entire demand
for the purposes ot brewers. They still im-
port because we are beginning to be a large
beer-consuming country, as no ons can better
kuow than the gentleman from Chicago. They
import, to be. sure, some 3,000,000 bushels,
which is mostly consumed for*he purpose of
