1870.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
563
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Missouri Contested Election—Mr. Switzler.
Iio. of Reps.
registrars, together with the supervisor," Wil-
liam H. Thomas, certified to the Secretary of
State the law had been violated and trampled
in the dust, and that loyal men had been de-
terred by intimidation and violence from mak-
ing objections and giving testimony before the
board. On these certificates, afterward proven
to be untrue, the secretary of State threw out
t.he vote of the entire county. Yet the Com-
mittee of Elections, six to one, decided the
registration legal, and counted the vote.
in the case now before the House all the
registrars swear the registration in Monroe was
legal; that the law was complied with in good
faith, and that no man was allowed either to
register or vote who was not legally entitled to
that privilege.
4. In the Callaway case the supervisor.
Thomas, submitted a "spotted list" of those
who had voted, designating by name seven
hundred and thirty persons, against whom he
charged specific acts of disqualification. In
this case no single voter's right to the ballot
is impeached by specific testimony or charges,
the sitting .member relying upon general and
vague evidence as to the number of legal voters
in the county.
No fair-minded man, it seems to me, can,
therefore, question that the case now before
(he House is stronger and clearer for me than
I be case decided adversely by the Fortieth
Congress.
MR. Di-TFES, OF MASSACHUSETTS.
Tn this connection I beg to alluds to the
position just assumed by my distinguished
friend from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] who
in this hour of my trial and tribulation deserts
me and the cause of the people ; deserts his
flag in the Switzler-Anderson case and goes
over to the enemy during the rage of battle;
and this he does for a reason which, unfor-
tunately for his consistency, has no foundation
in fact. He, like some others who have spoken,
entirely mistakes the case; and I refer to it
thus prominently in order to correct a funda-
mental error as to the evidence.
The gentleman from Massachusetts says that
if this were the Switzler-Anderson case over
again he should be compelled, after two years
reflection upon it, to cast his vote just opposite
to what he now proposes to do. He then pro-
ceeds to give his reason for a change of base,
us follows:
*' Now, in this ease what was done ? The superin-
tendent appointed his three judges, and tor three or
{our days they undertook to discharge the functions
o! judges: hut because two ot thorn exercised their
j udgnumt, as the law clothed thorn with the power,
ami differed with the third one, lie removed tnoin
and put two others in their place; and when he
found the court thus organized did not work accord-
ing to his pi escribed rule he then removed the third
one. stating the ground, in a letter to one ot them,
tliat he selected a man to work as he would, anu put
him in that place to do it. And thus he not only
constituted this court to pass on this question, but
he packed it after two trials to carry out his views
and nobody else's."
Now, sir, I state it as a fact that Mayo, the
superintendent,removed no registrarin Monroe
county, for any cause, good or bad. Neither
Thompson nor Foreman, who for three or four
days undertook thefunctions of registrars, and
who did not agree with Springsteen, was re-
moved by Mayo. Nor was Burnham remold.
Nobody was removed.
f know that Mayo in his note to the county
clerk of Monroe county speaks of having " re-
moved" certain registrars; but the evidence
ot the men themselves and of Springsteen shows
no removals were made. Thompson and Fore-
man abandoned the registration, as I believe, to
bieak it up, left and went home without assign-
ing any reason for it, and Burnham, after legis-
tering one hour, ascertaining lie was not legally
competent to hold the office, abdicated and left
the State. ,
Mr. DAWES. I would like to be correct
about this matter. There is something here on
page 156, to which I wish to call the attention
of the gentleman.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope the time occupied
by the gentleman from Massachusetts will not
be taken out of the time of the contestant.
Mr. DAWES. Certainly not. I call the
attention of the gentleman to the following,
page 156:
To the Clerk of the County Court
of Monroe county, Missouri:
Sir: You are hereby notified that I have this day
appointed Andrew Scott and Hiram II. Burnham as
members of the board of registration, within and for
the county of Monroe, State of Missouri, in placo of
Dennis Thompson anil Jerry foreman, who have
been removed from office by me.
CHARLES P. MAYO,
Superintendent of Registration
for the Seventh Senatorial District, Missouri.
Given under my hand this 11th day of Septem-
ber, 1868.
C. F. MAYO.
I want to know what that means.
Mr. SWITZLER. I have read that, and
understand all about it. But. the testimony of
Mayo and of Thompson and of Springsteen
shows that they were never removed. Listen
to the testimony of Mayo here on page 150:
"I removed Thompson and Foreman, of Monroe
county, trorn the fact that they refused to resistor
the people—quit the registration and went off. I
removed Andrews, of Howard county, for refusing to
register a man that he had once sworn to his loyalty
in order to draw pay. After my removal of Andrews
I received a letter from theothcr two officers in con-
nection with their registration, in which they said
they would resign for tear of being removed. I had
no intention ot removing them. 1 appointed a now
board out and out. I also removed Burnham, one
of the officers of Monroo county, but lie had pre-
viously resigned and gone to Illinois."
Here, it is true, Mayo speaks of "removing]'
Thompson, Foreman, and Burnham ; but it is
evident the two former '-quit the registration
and went off," and that Burnham "'had pre-
viously resigned and gone to Illinois."
Jacob Springsteen swears as follows:
"Dennis Thompson and Jerry Foreman left while
we were taking the registration in Marion township,
without assigning anv reason therefor, and without
just causc, as tins affiant verily believes, and never
thereatter made their appearance as registrars; and
Captain Mayo appointed other parties to till their
placos, to wit, A. T. Scott and O. W. Pilsue." a
« s "= "He told me that he would appoint,
if those men (Thompson and Foreman) old not come
back, other men in their placcs, but said lie did not
want to be in a hurry, as they had not resigned, and
might comcback; told me to aelcot two men that
he would appoint, anil he would appoint them pro-
vided the other men would not come back. I selected
Andrew T. Scott and Tandy Biddings. Mr. Mayo
asked me if Tandy Uiddmgs did not act with tho
Democratic pirty. I told him I did not know
whether he did or not. lie said he thought he did,
and would not appoint hint.-'
There is no evidence of the removal of a
single registering officer in the county of Mon-
roe. Two of them, after working four or five days
oil the registration, abandoned it and left, and
after that abandonment lie appointed others.
He appointed Republicans. Furthermore, it is
in proof that when a Democrat was suggested
as one of the registering oflieers Mayo refused
to appoint him, on the ground that he was a
Democrat. So, therefore, the fact on which the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
bases his change of front, turns out not to be
a fact at all.
VOTE OP HOWARD AND RANDOLPH.
But Mayo did remove registrars, and Repub-
lican registrars, in the counties of Randolph
and Howard; in some instances appointing
Democrats in their places. And it is one of
the many strange incongruities of the course
of the sitting member, one of the remarkable
developments ot his defense, that in the very
counties where removals were made, and a
large registration secured, the entire vote was
enumerated according to law, and every onicei
elected, even Mayo himself, commissioned.
Sixteen hundred and fifty three votes were
allowed the Democratic candidate (Colonel
Williams) in Howard, and only 160 for Colonel
Benjamin, the Radical; in Randolph 1,758 for
Williams and 246 for Benjamin. The returns
from these two counties were duly opened and
cast up, and the registration indorsed by Rod-
man ; but in Monroe, where no removals were
made, and where Republicans alone conducted
the registration, the congressional vote was
ignored altogether, and Mayo, whom the Re-
publican officials at tho seat of Government
commissioned, was branded as a dishonest
trickster who had sold out to the Democrats.
The most obtuse intellect in Congress cannot
fail to see the hollowness of this subterfuge,
a subterfuge which is trumped up to cover
from popular indignation the flagrant wrong
practiced upon me.
The entire registration of Monroe county was
in the hands of gentlemen who voted against
me—gentlemen who voted the entire Repub-
lican ticket, national, State, congressional, and
county. If there were any frauds, if any rebels
were allowed to vote illegally, I do not think
it just that this House with its large Repub-
lican majority should hold me responsible for
it, especially as the proof wholly fails to estab-
lish it.
MR. BENJAMIN.
But, sir, is it a fact that rebels were allowed
to vote? I know that the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Besjamin,] who volunteers his
testimony here, says rebels voted, and that
Monroe during the war was the worst rebel
county in Missouri, a city of refuge for traitors
and bushwhackers. In the last. Congress this
same gentleman said Callaway was ail this.
Now it is Monroe! Next year it will be some
other county if occasion demands. But, sir, we
all understand it is very easy for a gentleman to
get up in this Hall and talk loudly about rebels
takingpossessionof the registry, and then of the
polls, and voting. But the gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Dyer] who occupies my seat in this
Hall has not proven that rebels voted, or that
they voted for me. Certainly it was incumbent
on him to produce evidence of the fact, if fact
it be.
COXGUliSSMlN AD INTERIM.
Now, one word in reference to another point
and I have done. I do not know, sustaining
the peculiar relations that I do to this Con-
gress, what is my exact legal status. We have
had here for two sessions of Congress, and we
have here now in the person of Mr. Dyer, a
Congressman ad interim. [Laughter.] In my
opinion justice demands that after the vote shall
have been taken by yeas and nays, he ought to be
a Congressman ad outerum. [Laughter.] We
ought certainly to make some compromise
about this matter. He lias served nearly tho
entire term for which I was elected, and now
nearly at the end of this session I ask you to
sustain the report of the majority of your com-
mittee and permit me to serve out the frag-
ment of the term.
C0NCLTJSION.
Sir, in conclusion of the whole matter, I
direct the special attention of the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] to the dam-
aging fact, for fact it is, that in the Switzler-
Anderson case but a single officer elected in
Callaway county in 18CG on what I shall de-
nominate the " Switzler ticket" was commis-
sioned by tho Governor and secretary of State
of Missouri. Yet the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts adjudged that registration legal, and
after two years' reflection adheres to his first
opinion.
He declares the registration in Monroe in
1SG8 illegal, and yet this record establishes
the fact, and if it be denied I will send to
the Clerk official proof of ifc. that the six
county officers who were candidates on my
ticket in Monroe in 18G8, for sheriff, public
administrator, county judge, school superin-
