1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1577
know Mf. Vincent Collyer; I do not know
whether his statement is or is not reliable.
But 1 very well remember having read certain
orders issued by General Sheridan respecting
an attack to be made upon certain Indian tribes
by an officer of the name of Baker; and I recol-
lect reading the report of General Sheridan
respecting that attack, and the results of the
expedition. I should be very unwilling to leave
resting upon General Sheridan, without any
opportunity on his part to justify himself, the
sti-rina which would naturally attach by reason
oHhe report of Mr. Collyer, if unexplained.
Certainly if he is responsible for that massacre
of women and children the responsibility is a
very grave one.
With the permission of the gentleman from
California [Mr. Sargent] I wish to send to
the Clerk'B desk and have read the order and
report of General Sheridan. After reading
them I cannot believe that the facts set forth
by Mr. Collyer, if correctly set forth, relate to
this expedition, but think that there must be
soma mistake. I ask that the Clerk read the
paper 1 send to his desk, in order that those
who know what the facts are may have an
opportunity to vindicate his fame before the
American people.
The Clerk read as follows :
[From the Chicago Tribune, February 4.]
During the past summer communications were
sent to the Secretary of thclnterior by General Sully,
superintendent of Indians in Montana, and by Indian
agents and citiaeus, setting forth the outrages of
various kinds, including several murders and attacks
on small parties of men, committed by these Indians.
These communications were referred, through the
War Department and General Sherman, to General
Sheridan, who replied by the following letter:
Headquarters
Military Division op the Missouri,
Chicago, Illinois, October 21,1869.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of a letter from the Seeretary of the Interior, with
accompanying reports of General Sully, Mr. Pease,
and Mr. Culbertson, Indian agents in Montana, on
the subject of depredations by the Piegan tribe of
Indians. We have had so few troops in Montana on
account of the expiration of enlistments as to have
been unable to do much against these Indian maraud-
ers; but the regiments are now filling up, and I think
it would be the best plan to let me find out exactly
where these Indians are going to spend the winter,
and about the time of a good heavy snow I will send
out a party and try and strike them. About the 15th
of January they will be very helpless, and if where
they live is not too far from Shaw or Ellis we might
be able to give them a good hard blow which will
make peaee a desirable object. To simply keep the
troops on the defensive will not stop the murders;
we must occasionally strike where it hurts, and if the
General-in-Chief thinks well of this I will tty and
steal a small force on this tribe from Fort ShaW or
Ellis during the winter. It numbers about fifteen
hundred, men, women, and children, all told.
Very respectfully, P. H. SHERIDAN,
Lieutenant General.
Brevet Major General E. D. Townsend, Adjutant
General United State! Arms, Washington, D. 0.
This letter was replied to by General Sherman, as
follows:
Adjftant General's Office,
Washington, November 4,"
Sir: Referring to your communication of the 21st
ultimo, relating to depredations by Piegan Indians
in Montana, I have the honor to inform you that your
proposed action, as stated therein, for the punish-
ment of these marauders, has been approved by the
General of the Army.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
E. D. TOWNSEND, Adjutant General.
Lieutenant General P. H. Sheridan, Commanding
Military Division of the Missouri, Chicago, Illinois.
Instructions were then given by General Sheridan
to General Hancock as follows:
Headquarters
Military Division of the Missouri.
Chicago, Illinois, November 15,1869.
General : I inclose you the correspondence which
I referred to in my private note of the 5th instant.
It will be seen trom General Townsend's letter that
authority has been given to punish the Piegans if
found within striking distance; and you are author-
ized by mc to extend this authority to any of the
Blackfcet who may have been engaged in the mur-
ders and robberies lately perpetrated in Montana.
Colonel Baker, who is now en route to Fort Ellis,
is a most excellent man to be intrusted with any
party you may see fit to send out. I spoke to him on
the subject wlien he passed through Chicago.
It wi.l be of no use to make the attempt unless the
positions of the villages are well known. Then the
greatest care should be taken to keep the Indian*
from gaining atiy information on the subject. It
will be impossible to strike these marauders unless
the greatest possible secrecy is maintained.
Very respectfully, P. H. SHERIDAN,
Lieutenant Gtneral.
Major General W. S. Hancock, Commanding Depart-
ment of Dakota, St. Paul, Minnesota.
Before the time for the execution of these direc-
tions had arrived the Indians became so troublesome
that the superintendent of Indian affairs recom-
mended the raising of three hundred mounted vol-
unteers in the Territory to operate against them.
General Sheridan then sent his inspector general,
Brevet Major General J ames A. Hardie, U nited States
Army, to investigate the condition of affairs, and
determine whether any modifications of the instruc-
tions already given were necessary, and on his report-
ing by telegraph the General replied to him as fol-
lows:
Headquarters
Military Division of the Missouri,
Chicago, Illinois, January 15,1870.
Brevet Major General James A. Hardie,
Fort Shaw, Montana Territory :
If the lives and property of oitizens of Montana
can best be protected by striking the Indians, I want
them struck. Tell Baker to strike them hard.
P. H. SHERIDAN,
Lieutenant General Commanding.
The following dispatch shows the result:
Headquarters
Military Division of the Missouri,
Chicago, Illinois, January 29,1870.
General W. T. Sherman,
Commanding Army of the United States,
Washington, D. C. :
In compliance with your permission of November
4,1869, to punish the Piegan Indians who have been
robbing and murdering in Montana, I have the honor
to report the eompleto success of an expedition sent
against them under command of Colonel IS. M.
Baker, seeond cavalry, in which one hundred and
seventy-three Indians were killed and forty-four
lodges destroyed, also a large amount of winter pro-
visions, and three hundred horses captured, &c. I
think this will end Indian troubles in Montana, and
will do away with the necessity of sending additional
troops there in the spring, as contemplated.
! P. H. SHERIDAN,
I Lieutenant General Commanding.
' Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Paine,] if I understood him cor-
rectly, said that he thought there must be some
| mistake in regard to the identity of the Indian
tribe referred to in this connection. I think
there is no mistake in that respect. I think
the letter of Mr. Collyer, and the dispatches
which have just been read, both refer to the
same transaction.
Mr. Y0 ORHE ES. Will the gentlem an from
California [Mr. Sargent] yield to me for a few
moments?
Mr. SARGENT. In a moment; not just
yet. Before I yield to any one, I wish to say
that I have no desire to do injustice to General
Sheridan, or to the General-in-Chief of the
Army. I believe them to be gallant, and per-
haps also humane men. I am simply striking
at the system. I say there is no warrant in the
laws of God or of man for destroying women
and children merely because their husbands
and fathers may be marauders. The act of
the English in India, in blowing the Sepoys
from the muzzles of cannon, was not so atro-
cious, because they simply took the men who
were guilty or believed to be guilty of atroci-
ties and destroyed them. They did not go to
the homes of those guilty men and kill their
women and children. Had they done so, then
they would have been guilty of an act as base,
cowardly, and treacherous as any which the
Sepoys had committed. I say that civilization
shudders at horrors like this, let them occur
where they may.
I now yield to the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Voorhees] for a few moments.
Mr.VOORHEES. I desired the floor merely
to express what the gentleman from California
[Mr. Sargent] has expressed much better
than I could. I desire to express my horror
and to enter my protest against a system of
warfare that is exposed in the report made by
the secretary of the Indian commission. I
understand that in this massacre, which has
been heralded all over the country as a bat-
tle, fifty women and forty children were killed.
I am not correctly advised as to the proper
mode of reaching this great Wrong. Bat so
far as I am concerned I shall wash my hands
of all responsibility for this system of warfare.
It cannot be justified here or before the coun-
try ; it cannot be justified before the civiliza-
tion of the age, or in the sight of God or man.
If it is necessary, in order to stop this system
of warfare, to cut off the appropriations which
are used to carry it on, then I say here that I
shall not vote for one dollar of an appropri-
ation that upholds such a system of warfare as
the indiscriminate massacre of all ages and
both sexes, the innocent as well as the guilty.
Mr. SARGENT. The course which the gen-
tleman proposes can have no reference to the
bill now under consideration. This bill makes
provision not for arms, but for relief. The
place for the gentlem an to strike is the military
appropriation bill. He should endeavor to add
to that such a section as will accomplish the
object he desires.
Mr. "VOORHEES. I ask the gentleman
from California whether the letter from Lieu-
tenant General Sheridan, which has been read
at the Clerk's desk, does not approve of this
system of warfare.
Mr. SARGENT. On that point I take no
issue whatever with the gentleman. I think
he did not understand my remark. This Indian
appropriation bill contains no appropriation
whatever which can be applied to purposes of
warfare.
Mr. VOORHEES. Just for information let
me ask whether the letter of General Sheridan
does not disclose that he has given an order to
General Hancock for the purpose of pressing
this system of warfare, and striking, as he
expresses it, "hard blows?"
Mr. SARGENT. The letter was read at the
Clerk's desk, and I presume the gentleman
from Indiana understood it. I understood it
as he does, recommending to Baker " hard
blows' but I do not believe Sheridan intended
the murder of women or children.
Mr. EL>J)RIDGE. I wish to ask whether
the gentleman from California advocates the
sentiment of the letter of General Sheridan ?
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Chairman, I will not
be drawn into any irrelevant discussion. I am
simply condemning the system, and make my-
self distinctly understood. While doing So,
while saying that I do not think that the mili-
tary arm is the proper power to deal with mat-
ters of this kind, from the unbridled license of
soldiers when let loose, I still say that I believe
General Sheridan to be at heart as kind a man
as the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eld-
ridge] or myself.
But, sir, passing from this matter, let me say
that in the bill which passed this House last
spring it was provided that the sum of $2,000,000
should be expended for general beneficial pur-
poses, and that there should be a joint control
of that expenditure by the commission to which
I have referred and the Secretary of the Inte-
rior. Allow me to give it as my judgment, as
explaining the absence of any such provision
in this bill, that the system was an entire fail-
ure. Not that the gentlemen selected as mem-
bers of the commission were not men of good
sense and high philanthropy; but it was found,
in practice, that the system of necessary checks
for the expenditure of money required that the
ordinary accounting and disbursing officers of
the Government should have exclusive con-
trol and discretion with regard to expendi-
tures.
The report which was made under that law
at the commencement of this session was very
incomplete; it did not go into details. It was
as follows:
Department of the Interior,
Washington, D. C., December 11,1869.
Sir: The fourth section of the act of Congress
approved April 10,1869, (Pamphlet Laws, firstsession
Forty-First Congress, page 40,) making an appropria-
tion of'' $2,000,000 to enable the President to maintain
the peace among and with the various tribes, band:?,
and parties of Indians." &c., requires " a report of all
expenditure* under this appropriation to be made
