4410
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
Mr. STEWART. I will suggest a proposi-
tion to see whether it will be accepted. Sap-
pose we strike out the words:
And it shall be the duty of the Quartermaster
General to cause such claims to be examined, and
wpoii sueh examination he shall decide what sum, if
any, is due thereon.
And insert in lieu thereof:
That the President shall constitute a board of offi-
cers in the quartermaster's department of not less
than five nor more than seven, to examine such
claims,with full power to establish rules for theinvest-
igntion of the validity of the claims and the loyalty
ot the claimants; and to aid such board in their in-
vestigations the President shall appoint, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, an attor-
ney to' appear and defend for the United States; and
nfter such examination and report by sueh board the
(Juartermaster General shall decide what sum, if any,
ib due thereon."
Would not that improve the bill?
Mr. WARNER. Something is said about
the amount of these claims. If we begin by
recognizing the principle we shall have gotten
rid of the main difficulty, and I hope the Sen-
ate by its vote to-night will decide—the vote
on the amendment of the Senator from Oregon
may as well be taken as a test question—
whether the Congress of the United States
does or does not recognize the obligation on
its part to pay the claims of undoubted loyal
men for supplies furnished to our Army. Upon
that principle I ask a decision. Then the mat-
ter of arriving at these claims, of ascertaining
their amount, of determining the loyalty of
the claimants, is a matter of after detail; and
I do not think the risk will be very great.
Those of us who have lived at the South,
even during the years since the war, and still
more those who are natives of the South, will
agree with me, I think, that it is not difficult
and will not be difficult for the Quartermaster
and Commissary General to determine who
have been loyal there. I think we know them
pretty well, and I do not think there will be
any hesitation in testifying as to the fact. And
I feel a little like repelling the insinuation,
which my friend from Missouri does not mean,
that the people of the South are going to be
so ready to perjure themselves in order to col-
lect these claims. I think that the probability
is that Union men will be debarred from the
payment of their claims on account of a sus-
picion of disloyalty cast upon them by rebels,
rather than that rebels will be paid for claims
through fear preventing loyal men from testi-
fying in regard to their conduct and speech
during the war.
This question has been sought to be weighed
down by the insinuation, the charge that this
is an entering-wedge to the payment of all
claims for all losses. It has been said that we
mean to pay both sides. That is an unfair, an
uncharitable, and ungenerous insinuation. I
do not think there is a Senator here who will
in candor impute to any Senator on this floor
representing the southern States, or the Sen-
ators from the North who favor the regulation
of these claims, a desire to pay the claims of
rebels for losses incurred by them during the
operations of our Army. I do not think I need
stand here to disclaim any such intention on
my part, nor do I think any Senator who is
favorable to this bill need do that.
No, Mr. President; we will stand here as
firmly as the Senator from Michigan or the
Senator from Massachusetts, or any other Sen-
ator, to resist any step which looks toward the
payment of the claims of those who have been
in rebellion against the Government of the
United States lor the losses incurred by them
by reason of the operations of our armies or
their own. There shall be no disagreement
on that score.
Mr. STEWART. There will be disagree-
ment as long as you allow it all to be done on
ex parte evidence.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alabama declines to be interrupted.
Mr. WARNER. All these claims are decided
on exparte evidence. The Quartermaster Gen-
eral and Commissary General have been pay-
ing this class of claims in all the other States
ever since the war upon ex parte evidence.
They have not, indeed, asked the question of all
claimants coming from Nevada whether they
are loyal or not. If a man there presented his
claim it has been paid, if it was legal and in
due form and according to the regulations of
the Army.
Mr. STEWART. Does the Senator not pro-
pose to have the question asked in Alabama
whether the man is loyal or not?
Mr: WARNER. Most certainly I do. It
is expressly provided in this bill that the claim-
ant shall prove by conduct or speech that he
has been loyal to the Government; and now
we are brought to this position, that we are
unwilling to trust one of our own officers, an
officer of our Army, to decide upon the claims
of these men through suspicion that they will
be too favorable to rebels.
Why, Mr. President, the most manifest pre-
sumption would be that the prejudice of the
Quartermaster and Commissary General, the
discrimination would be against the people of
the South rather than in their favor; and I
think the result will be in the end, as I said
before, that that discrimination will be exercised
to exclude loyal men from fear of paying rebels,
rather than paying rebels through the belief
that they are Union men.
Mr. President, the objection I have to this
amendment of the Senator from Oregon is that
it seeks to deny the principle that we are under
obligation to pay the claims of undoubted loyal
men at the South. It looks to me like the cup
of Tan talus, that we are providing for a mockery
of an investigation into these claims, and not
only declaring in the bill, as a matter of caution,
that no claim shall be paid until the money shall
be specifically appropriated by act of Congress,
but following that with a distinct disclaimer
that this examination creates no obligation on
the part of the Government, and that the Gov-
ernment recognizes no obligation to pay these
claims.
Mr. President, I am frank in this matter.
I want the Congress of the United States to
recognize distinctly its obligation to pay the
claims of men of unquestioned loyalty for sup-
plies furnished to our Army during the war.
I have no concealment to make in this matter.
I would, if I could have my voice followed,
say just the contrary of the amendment of the
Senator from Oregon. As we pledged the
faith of the Government to the payment of the
bonded indebtedness of this country in good
gold, so 1 would say distinctly that this Gov-
ernment recognizes and pledges itself to the
payment of this class of claims to men of un-
questioned loyalty at the South. I would thus
reach out the protecting and the friendly and
the beneficent hand of this Government to our
friends in the South, and let them know that
their services, their loyalty, their sacrifices
have not been forgotten by a grateful people.
I would have this bill give forth no uncertain
sound nor its meaning to be at all equivocal.
But, Mr. President, it has been said in the
course of the debate on this question that the
Union people of the South got their full reward
when the nation was saved and the flag of the
country restored over them. Mr. President,
what do we still further say if the doctrine of
the Senator from Michigan is to be followed ?
After we have restored them to the Union, and
when wo tell them "You have been amply
repaid for all your losses by this restoration
of the flag," we then tell them, ''Although the
flag waves over you, and you are restored to
the Government, you yet have no standing in
our courts, and had no rights of property dur-
ing the war which we feel ourselves bound to
respect." I ask, Mr. President, what kind
of an invitation to loyalty that would be in
some future trouble into which the country
may get.
But it has been said that the North paid the
taxes of the country; and then the point has
been made that the southern people during the
war paid no taxes. I ask if the expenses of
the war have been paid ? I ask if there is not
now a debt resting upon the country of twenty-
two or twenty-three thousand million dollars
yet to be paid, and if the resources to pay that
debt are not to-day being largely drawn from
the section of the country where these claim,
ants reside ? I ask, what was your debt growing
out of the war when the war ended in 1865,
which these southern States and these very
loyal men came in to pay their full share of?
And I ask you to remember the_ $20,000,000
that was levied at least by a questionable exer-
cise of constitutional power, upon our cotton
which went into your Treasury, au exclusive
tax on us. I would remind you, too, of the
direct land tax which has been paid or is yet
to be paid by all the southern States into the
Treasury of the United States.
Mr. President, we are ready and willing, and
will joyously contribute our share toward pay-
ing this national debt for the preservation of
the Union. The South will pay her full share
of it in the future in proportion to her resources,
and her resources are not to be despised.
This section of the country made the country
$300,000,000 worth of cotton last year and an
equal amount of corn. Last year the products
mainly of the States named in this bill were
not less than $000,000,000 added to the national
wealth of the country, going to swell its re-
sources and pay its taxes; and now all we
ask is that the men of unquestionable loyalty—
and you may find that out as accurately as pos-
sible—shall be put upon the same footing as
loyal men elsewhere are placed.
But, Mr. President, this bill does not go to
that extent. This bill provides, in the first place,
only that quartermaster and commissary sup-
plies shall be paid for. It does not'recognize
in any way any other class of claims. Houses
may have been burned down, property may have
been rented, buildings may have been demol-
ished, a thousand classes of claims might arise
which are not at all included in this bill. So
far as all those classes of claims are concerned
there is a wide distinction kept up still against
the South.
While j'ou in this bill really provide for the
examination simply of two classes of claims,
quartermaster and commissary stores, you yet
have paid the Morgan raid claims in Ohio,
claims arising from losses incurred by reason
of the rebels, when you might well have said
that the Government discharged its obligations
when it did what it could to protectits citizens
from the public enemy. You have gone fur-
ther, if I am not mistaken, and paid a consid-
erable amount of those claims for damages of
the rebels themselves.
Mr. MORTON. I will say to the Senator
that he is mistaken. I know there is an im-
pression of that kind, but the Morgan raid
claims in Ohio and Indiana have not been paid.
Mr. THURMAN. No, sir.
Mr. WARNER. Has no part of them been
paid by the General Government?
Mr. MORTON. No, sir.
Mr. WARNER. None at all?
Mr. MORTON. Not a cent.
Mr. WARNER. The Stateshavepaid many
of their citizens.
Mr. THURMAN. I will explain what per-
haps has led the Senator into error.
There were large amounts of horses and pro-
visions taken by our own troops who pursued
Morgan; and those were allowed as claims
against the Government, I believe; but the
claims for injuries committed by the rebels
have never been paid by the General Govern-
ment at all.
Mr. MORTON. Nor by the States.
Mr. THURMAN. The Legislature of Ohio
passed a bill to pay those claims out of the
]| State treasury to indemnify citizens for their
j| losses ; but the attorney general of the State
jl held that it was unconstitutional, and they
|i never were paid.
ii Mr. WARNER. I presume the Senator
