2522
THE
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
read a first and second time. It provides that
Brigadier General Gabriel R. Paul shall receive
the full pay and allowances of a brigadier gen-
eral in the Army of the United States, that
being iiis rank when wounded and on which
he was retired.
Mr. SCHENCK. Ihope that joint resolution
will pass without objection. General Paul had
the sight of both his eyes destroyed.
Mr. ASPEIt. Very well. I ask that the
resolution be passed.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading ; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. ASPEB moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on tho table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
usury laws.
The SPEAKER announced that he had
appointed Mr. Cook, Mr. Kerr, and Mr.
Mjsecur as the members of the committee of
conference on the part of tho House on the
disagreeing votes of tha two Houses on the
amendments of the House to the bill (S. No.
215) to amend the usury laws of the District
ol' Columbia.
colored soldiers' bounties.
The SPEAKER, byunanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Secretary
of War, transmitting the report of General
Runlde'scommissiononeolored soldiers' boun-
ties; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
income tax.
On motion of Mr. SCHENCK. by unanimous
consent, the joint resolution (H. ft. No. 120)
declaratory of the meaning and intention of the
law relating to income tax, returned from the
Senate with an amendment, was referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means, and the
amendment ordered to be printed.
tariff bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the special order, the tariff bill, and
1 will say to tho House that I think we shall
expedite business if we will sit on faithfully
until five o'clock, and then I shall feel that
time is saved by not moving for an evening
session. I also desire, pending the motion to
go into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, to move that all debate in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the paragraph of the
bill under consideration in relation to spool
thread shall close in ten minutes after the com-
mittee shall resume the consideration of the bill.
The motion to close debate was agreed to.
The question was then taken on the motion
to go into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union ; and it was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Wheeler in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the special order,
being the bill (II. It. No. 1068) to amend ex-
isting laws relating to the duty on imports, and
for other purposes.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 find that there is some
misunderstanding in regard to what was done
with the amendments moved by me to the
pending paragraph ou behalf of the Committee
of Ways and Means. My amendments were to
reduce the rate of duty per dozen spools of
cotton thread from 12 cents to 6 cents, and to
change "200" to "100" as the number of
yards per spool. The gentleman from New
Jersey [.Mr. Cleveland] had moved a substi-
tute for this paragraph, to accomplish about
the same object, and 1 understood that he with-
drew it in favor of my amendments.
Mr. CLEVELAND. The gentleman is cor-
rect. 1 withdrew my substitute, as the amend-
ments of the gentleman were substantially the
same,
The CHAIRMAN. The condition of the
question will be stated to the committee. The
pending paragraph will be read by the Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows:
On spool thread of cotton, 12 cunts per dozen spools,
containing on each spool not cioro than 200 yards of
thread, and for every additional 100 yards or frac-
tional part thereof in excoss of 200 yards on each
spool, 6 cents per dozen spools: and 30 per cent, ad
valorem in addition to tho above rates.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Sohbsck] on behalf of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, moved to amend the
paragraph as the Clerk will read.
The Clerk read as follows :
On spool thread of cotton, 6 conts per dozen spools,
containing on each spool not more than 100 yards of
thread, and for every additional 100 yards or frac-
tional part thereof in exccss of 100 yards on each
spool, 6 cents por dozen spools, and 30 per oent. ad
valorem in addition to tho above rates.
The CHAIRMAN. For the entire paragraph
thegentleman from Iowa [Mr. Allison] moved
to substitute wjiat will be read by the Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows :
On spool thread of cotton, 5 conts per dozen spools,
containing on each spool not exceeding 100 yards of
thread, and in addition thereto 30 per cent, ad valo-
rem ; exceeding 100 yards, for every additional 100
yards of thread on each spool, or fractional part
thereof in excess of 100 yards, 5 cents por dozen and
30 per cent, ad valorem : Provided, That if the duties
imposed by this paragraph shall amount to less than
35 per cent, ad valorem, then the duty shall bo as-
sessed at tho rato of 35 per cont. ad valorem.
The CHAIRMAN. The first question will
be upon amendments to the pending para-
graph.
Mr. COX. 1 move to amend the amendment
by striking out "6" and inserting "8J,"for
the purpose of continuing the thread of my dis-
course, which was cut last night by that repre-
sentative here ofthe fatal sisteis, the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr.
Sciienc'k,] who applied his ruthless shears to
my argument after five o'clock of yesterday.
I was very glad to see that theChairconlined
this debate to matters especially connected
with the subject of the paragraph, for the de-
bate had taken a very wide range. Still I feel
that I ought to apologize for referring last
evening to the fact that in Connecticut now
the seamstresses are making Democratic shirts
and Republican shrouds. As some objection
is made to that statement, I will withdraw it.
And now I ask that I may be allowed to pro-
ceed in a connected manner without being dis-
turbed by gentlemen on the other side as 1
was lastnigbt. We had yesterday an extended
discussion upon the subject, of cotton and cot-
ton manufactures. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schenck] claims some credit for really
reducingthe tariff on cotton cloths percent.,
or something of that kind, and leaving the duty
on cotton goods on an average about 52 per
cent, in gold.
I wanted to know precisely what was the
average ad valorem tax upon cotton goods.
I discard theories of free trade and all that
sort of thing for the. present that wo may be able
to get down to the actual percentage of tho ad
valorem duty paid by the people ofthe Lfnitod
States for the purpose of supporting a little over
a hundred thousand people engaged in the
manufacture of these goods. The gentleman
takes credit for reducing this duty 1J per cent.;
and all I want is that the people shall know pre-
cisely how, and at what rate, these taxes art;
kept up.
In regard to spool cotton the gentleman from
Iowa, [Mr. Allison] said that Ihe present rates
were from 65 to 72 per cent, (id valorem, larger
than upon any other cotton manufaetuie. I
think it will be found that it is a little larger
than that, if it be properly ciphered out. The
consumption of spool thread in the United
States is some 15,000,000 dozen spools, of 200
yards each. The cost of the three-cord thread
in England, as I tried to say last night, is 22
cents per dozen spools of 100yards each. The
duty here proposed is 6 cents per dozen spools
of 100 yards each and 30 per cent, ad valorem,
which will be 01 cents more ; on spools of 2W>
yards each it is 12 cents per dozen and 30 per
cent, ad valorem, or 18J cents in all; about 80"
per cent, protection on this article. Now, of
course it cannot be imported with such a high
duty as that. If it were allowed to come in free
it could be sold for about 27 cents per dozen
spools, in currency, to the consumer. I am
informed that the price in New York is now
about 36 cents per dozen spools.
As to the six-corded thread, which is about
to be made in this country, and for which we
are told that there is a manufactory in the dis-
trict ot'the gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr.
Cleveland,] that is the best article of thread.
What I would like the House to understand is
this: that there is another article besides the
three-cord thread that is far better. The three-
cord thread is a poor article; but because it is
cheaper the poor people, seamstresses and
others, buy it and stitch with it, although it
keeps breaking olf and is a poor concern alto-
gether. Now, if the duly upon that article was
properly adjusted or removed altogether, and
the article allowed to come in free, the people
would have a better article and get it as cheaply
as they now get this three-cord thread. As
to six-corded thread, which costs in England
from 14 to 15 pence, or say 30 cents in gold,
per dozen, of 200 yards, it pays a duty of 12
cents specific and 35 per cent, ad valorem,
making an aggregate of about 22J- cents. It
sells in New York for 80 cents a dozen, and 13
retailed at 8 cents a spool. If free it could be
sold by the dozen for 40 cents, currency. In
other words, it would sell at about the same
price as that at which the poorer article, the
three-corded thread, now sells. As the mat-
ter now stands the poor are tempted to stint
themselves and buy the poorer article, when
by a proper adjustment of our tariff they might
be able to purchase the better at the same price.
This is an illustration of what Henry Ward
Beecher stated as the operation of the pro-
tective principle. He says:
"You cannot protect and at tho same time protect
impartially. You must cheat one side or another.
One will faro as the biggest pig in the litter, another
as the little pigs do. It is a struggle to get at the
breast, and tho woakest squeals."
On behalf of the weaker class I raise my voice
against these so-called "protective" duties.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I wish to correct a
statement made yesterday by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Cox.] It seems that
since making that statement he has "posted"
himself better; but at that time he must have
had before him one of the old speeches which
he was accustomed to make here years ago
when a member from the State of Ohio.
Mr. COX. Oh, no; I had not.
Mr. CLEVELAND. Well, at any rate the
gentleman must have got hold of the wrong
speech. I read from the Globe a part of the
remarks which he made vesterdav :
"We"—
'I hat is, the people of this country—
"only make the three-corded spool cotton. The six-
corded is the best; but it cannot be made here. It
is (.nly used by the better and richer class of people.
It cannot bo. made here, because it costs so much
luorc. It costs in England only 3i- cents a spool."
1 have received this morning from an estab-
1 lishment in my district a telegram which I will
read :
We make the best six-cord thread. Our capital
is $750,000. We do the largest business of any home
manufaclurois, and employ 750 bands.
CLARK THREAD COMPANY.
It is a problem that has puzzled wiser heads
than mine whether a tariff arranged for rev-
ciiup, butwhich induces foreign capitalists, with
all their experience, capital, skilled labor, and
machinery, to come over to this country and
cast their lot with us, is not a judicious tariff.
I believe it is. The proposition I made yester-
day, nod which the committee have adopted,
induces the duty 5 per cent, on the very class
ol threads made by this great establishment,
■ mil the reduction of the premium on gold,
■vliii/h ruled for 1867, 1868, and 1869 from 30
to 4'i per ceul.. making a. reduction of duty in
