5351
THE (JOJN Uli-KSS10JS' AL GLOBE.
July
tho Secretary of the Interior may prescribe; and all
moneys received from the sale of said lands in Kan-
sas. with uie exception ot the expense of removal
and settlement, shall bo held by tho United States
tor the benefit of said Indians: Provided, That tho
sixteenth and thirty-sixlhsectionsof said landsshall
be reserved to tho State of Kansas for school pur-
poses: And provided atso, Thar., if any of said lands
arc not occupied by actual settlers at tho expiration
in' Olio year from the approval of this act, it shall bo
the duty of the Secretary of tho Inteiior to oiler the
same lor sale, to tho highest bidder for cash, in. quan-
tities not to exceed one section to any one person,
and at not less than the appraised value.
Mr. KELSEY. I object to that amendment
that it is independent legislation, and not ger-
mane to this bill.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman insists
on his point of order the Chair must sus-
tain it.
Mr. CLAltKE, of Kansas. I hope that
under the circumstances the gentleman will
not insist on the point of order.
Mr. SHANKS. The Committee on Indian
AH'airs have considered the proposition, and
agreed to recommend it; and the money it
appropriates is not out of the Treasury, but
out of the proceeds of the sales of these lands.
I send to the desk to be read a letter on the
subject from the Secretary of the Interior.
The Clerk read as follows:
Department of the Interior,
Washington, D. 0., June, 20,18T0.
Sir: With a view to relieve tho Kaw Indians in
Kansas Iroin their prcsout difficulty, and to as.sist
the Department m tho future management of their
atiairs, I have tho honor to recommend that $50,000
bo appropriated by Congress for the removal of
these Indians from Kansas, and to reestablish them
in tiic Indian tenitor.y.
I will remark that no arrangements have yet been
made to remove the Kaws; but in consequence of
tho dangers to winch tliey have been and are now
exposed from intruders upon thoir lands it is im-
pel tan t that moans should bo placed at the disposal
ot this Department to enable it to provide subsist-
ence, &e., should it bo iound necessary, to remove
these Indians from their present locality, llonco
this application for an appropriation to meet tho
requirements of tho Indian servico in relation to tho
tribe referred to.
Vcry respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. D. COX, Secretary.
Hon. Jamks Gr. Blaine,
Speaker House of Representatives,
Mr. SHANKS. This amendment is abso-
lutely necessary for the purpose set forth in the
letter just read.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Now York [Mr. Kelsey] insist upou his point
of order?
Mr. KELSEY. Certainly I do._
TheSPEAKER. Then the Chair must sus-
tain the point of order, and rule that the pro-
posed amendment is not in order.
Tins Clerk read the following :
For the erection of penitentiary buildings in tho
Territory of Wyoming, $JO,OoO, or so much thereof
as may be necessary: Provided, That the said sum
bo set apart trom tho proceeds of collections of in-
ternal lovenue tax in that Territory, to be appro-
priated for said purpose only, and expended under
tho direction of the Secretary of the Interior.
M r. B UN,] A M1N. ] rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. BENJAMIN. My point of order is that
the appropriation proposed by the paragraph
just read is not authorized by any existiug law.
Mr. CULLOM. I hope the gentleman will
not insist upon his point of order.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have no doubt they
need a penitentiary in Wyoming Territory ;
but I think it better that the appropriation for
that purpose should not be put upon an appro-
priation bill.
Mr. CUIjLOM. It is very irnpoitant that
this building should be constructed, for the
authorities of the Territory of Wyomiug are
no.iv obliged at great expense to send their
prisoners a thousand miles or more to some
penitentiary.
Mr. DAWES. I am afraid tbe gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Benjamin] has not noticed
the proviso of tins paragraph.
Mr. BK.NJJAM1N. Tho proviso does not
help it a particle. The money would go into
tlx; Treasury if rio(. used for this purpose. I
insist upon my point of older.
Mr. CULLOM. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his point of order. This Territory
has no public buildings at ail, and for want of
a proper penitentiary building the authorities
there are obliged to send their prisoners a
thousand miles or more to some other place,
at a great expense to the Government and to
themselves. This appropriation should have
been made in some former appropriation bill;
but it was not done, and this is the only chance
to make it this session.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I ask the gentleman to
state that all the other Territories have had
just the same appropriation.
Mr. CULLOM. Certainly; every other Ter-
ritory lias had an appropriation of this kind,
and it was granted to them at once, as soon as
thev were organized.
Mr. MAYHAM. Is this an appropriation
for a new building?
Mr. CULLOM. It is for a new building;
the Territory lias been organized but about a
year.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I withdraw my point of
order.
Mr. HAIGIIT. I move to insert the follow-
ing immediately after the paragraph last read :
For tho erection of a building suited to the use of
the post office, the pension and revenue otlicers, and
tho judicial officers of tho United States, in the city
of Trenton, Now Jersey, 8100,000: J'rovided, Thatthe
said sum besot apart from tho proceeds of coll actions
ot internal revenue tax in that Stato, to bo appropri-
ated for said purpose only, and expended under tho
direction of tbe .Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. DAWES. I raise the point of order that
this amendment is not in order, the appropria-
tion it calls for not being authorized by law.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. IIAIGHT. Then I raise the point of
order that the paragraph of the bill last read is
out of order for the same reason.
The SPEAKL4U. It is too late for the gen-
tleman to raise that point. He cannot offer an
amendment on the condition that if it is ruled
out of order he will then make a point of order
on something in tho bill.
The Clerk read as follows :
For expenses to be incurred in taking
census of tbe United States, $1,000,000.
tlio ninth
Mr. BUCKLEY. I move to insert the fol-
lowing immediately after the paragraph just
read :
For payment of claims of loyal citizens for services
rendered as United States marshals and thoir assist-
ants. as provided in the act approved June 24,1870,
£170,000.
Mr. DAWES. Add to the amendment "or
so much thereof as may be necessary."
Mr. BUCKLEY. I will modify my amend-
ment in that way.
Mr. FOX. I raise the point of order that
this amendment is not in order on this bill.
Mr. BUCKLEY. I desire to say one word.
Mr. FOX. I will reserve my point of order
until the gentleman has explained his amend-
ment.
Mr. BUCKLEY. This amendment is in
accordance with an act of Congress approved
Jane 21, 1870. A great many of these census-
takers of 18G0 were honest, loyal, good men,
who performed their duties in good laith, and
they have remained unpaid for their services
from that time to this. Some of them are in
my own district, others are scattered all over
the South. One of them is an old man, now
over eighty years of age, and if he is ever to
be paid at all he must be paid soon ; he cannot
wait much longer for it. He is a loyal man, and
always has been so, remaining true while others
proved faithless. And I think it is but right
and just for Congress to provide for the pay-
ment of honest claims for services rendered in
taking the last census, when we are making
appropriations for the expense of taking the
next census.
Mr. FOX. Tt, seems to me that this amend-
ment, if it. is to be adopted, ought to have the
1 eeuui'm-Mida'ion ol the Interior Department.
1 presume that it it were a just claim the
Department would recommend it. The prop-
osition comes before us unsupported by the
Department or by the Committee on Appro-
priations. For this reason I object to it. " It,
is very singular that an old person, eighty years
old, who has rendered service to the Govern-
ment, years ago, should have been kept wan-
ing so long (or his pay. The gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Bucki.ey] says that this gen-
tleman is "'loyal." Sir, I think we are all
'•loyal," and when we render service to the
Government we generally get our pay in less
than ten years.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman from Ala-
bama has at hand a copy of the Saw to which
he has referred, I ask that it may be read at
the Clerk's desk.
Mr. BUCKLEY. I have the law here; I
ask that it be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
An net to pay loyal citizens in the States la.tely in
rebellion l'or services in taking tho tinned btates
census of 1800.
Be it cnacledl'i/ (he Senate and House of Representa-
tive* of the United States of America >■>. n<>r>'lr(:■■■*■ assem-
bled, That the claims of loyal citizens in the States
ot Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, (jeorgia, Louisiana,
Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Texas,
and Virginia, for services rendeicd ns United States
marshals and their assistants in tJkinar the eigntli
census, in the year 1800, may be paid out of any unex-
pended balancoof any moneys hitherto appropriated
for tho payment of United States marshals and their
assistants tor services rendered in taking the eighth
census in the year I860: Provided, That no money
shall bo paid on account of any such claim until
proof, satisfactory to the Secretary of tho interior,
of tbe loyalty to the United Slates throughout the
lato rebellion ot tbe person by whom said service is
alleged to have been performed, shall have been fur-
nished, among which proofs shall bo tho oath of the
person alleged to have performed the said service,
if such person belivinsr: Provided, Thatsatisfactory
evidence shall besubmitted to the proper accounting
otliceis that tho claiinantsunder this act have never
received compensation for their services from any
source whatever.
Approved, June 21,1870.
Mr. BUCKLEY. 1 wish to add but a single
statement. The Secretary of the Interior says
that, there are no unexpended balances out of
which these persons can be paid. I hold his
official statement in my hand.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I wish to make
but a single remark in connection with this
amendment. When the Committee on the
Ninth Census was sitting it seemed to be a
general impression that the committee would
take charge of all matters of this sort. Hence
a large number of letters were written to them
from all parts of the South, showing that be-
fore the work of taking the eighth census was
completed the war came on, cutting off in
nearly all cases settlements with those who
performed that work in the southern districts.
These persons are entitled to their compensa-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the
amendment of the gentleman from Alabama,
[Mr. IjucKUsr.]
Mr. FOX. 1 reserved my point of order on
that amendment.
TheSPEAKER. The gentleman did reserve
apomtol order; but subsequently he proceeded
to debate the amendment, which of course
waived the point of order.
Mr. Buckley's amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
. For deficiency in the appropriation for public htiild-
Army 1 -; 1 cf00o'" ur>dor the chief engineer of too
Mr. CULLOM. I move to amend byadding,
after the paragraph just read, tiie following:
For expenses of conducting the election on tho
$1 000y September, i&O'J, in Wyoming Territory,
Tt has been usual for the Government of the
United States to pay the expenses of the first
election held in a Territory after its org&niza-
tion. As the amount proposed to be appro-
priated lor this purpose is only SI,000, I hope
the amendment will, bo agreed to.
I he amendment was agreed
Tho Clerk road as follows:
101 deficiency in the pay of certiiiu employe's in tho
