1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3467
The question was pat: and there were, on a
division—aves 31, noes 79 ; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Stevenson and Mr.
Feuriss.
The committeeagain divided; and the tellers ;
reported—ayes twenty-six, noes not counted, i
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows: i
On apples, garden fruit, and edible vegetables, and
roots, in a green orfrosh state, not othcrwiso herein |
provided for, 10 per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to strike out the para- !
„raph. Mr. Chairman, it must be perceived
that this provision of the bill can be of but small
importance. It can only have any effect where
cities are located, in the neighborhood of the
adjacent provinces, and the effect is simply one
of great embarrassmeyt upon those who live in
such cities. The people of Canada who live
in the neighborhood of Detroit, Buffalo, and
other cities similarly situated, and who furnish
the articles mentioned in this section, in my
judgment ought not only to be permitted, but
should be encouraged to do so, such a traffic
being chiefly for the benefit of the people who
are supplied with these articles. This tax
upon these articles operates simply as a great
embarrassment and prejudice in the neighbor-
hood of the line between the two countries, and
leads to the production of ill feeling between
those who ought to be neighborly in the imme-
diate vicinity of that line, while it is produc-
tive of no pecuniary benefit. I hope, there-
fore, that this paragraph will bestricken out.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not know that I |
have any great objection to striking out this j
paragraph, because the tariff now is precisely j
the same, and by striking it out'the duty will
be kept at 10 per cent., with the exception of
dried fruit. The language of the present law
is: "on fruits, green, ripe, or dried, not other-
wise provided for." Then vegetables come in,
under a general provision, of non-enumerated
articles at 10 per cent, ad valorem. So that
we have not altered the existing law except in
respect to dried, apples, dried peaches, and
other dried fruits, upon wjiich we propose a
specific duty of 3 cents per pound.
Mr. DAVIS. My object in moving to strike
out this paragraph was to move afterward to
add these articles to the free list.
Mr. SCHENCK. These garden fruits and
edible vegetables in a fresh state ought to pay
but a small duty, if any at all; we have there-
fore pnt them at the same rate that they now
are subject to, 10 per cent, ad valorem, be-
cause they comprise articles which will not
bear transportation to any great distance. Ap-
ples are brought in considerable quantities from
over the border, and they are produced in
almost unlimited quantities in the northern part
of the United States. So far as they are con-
cerned, the duty is very reasonable. There is
no departure here from the present duty upon
these articles, except in regard to dried fruit.
Mr. MAYNARD. There is an interest in
this country which I think ought to be pro-
tected ; that of the gardeners and vegetable pro-
ducers along the South Atlantic coast. This
is all the protection they have against the vege-
table productions that come from the West
ludia Islands, the Bermudas, &c. I think this
provision should be retained.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CONGER. I move to amend this par-
agraph by striking out the words " edible vege-
tables," for the purpose of calling the atten-
tion of the Committee of the Whole to the
protection which may be needed by the pro-
ducts of the northern States along the borders
of Canada. The gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Maynard] speaks of the protection which
is needed against the productions of the West
India Islands. There is a very large amount
of capital invested in orchards and gardens in
Michigan, Minnesota, Wisconsin, Ohio, and
^northern New York—much larger, perhaps,
thatf gettflterawf tff 'flfifc tfonfmitt^M ature
of, unless they have given the subject some
reflection. A careful estimate has been made
of the production of apples and peaches, and
the small fruits of the gardens and the forests
in the State of Michigan. A very careful esti-
mate has been prepared for the year 18G9, and
by reference to that statement I find that these
articles in the State of Michigan alone amount
to over $1,500,000. That, 1 think, is an inter-
est that is deserving of some protection. ;
Mr. ALLISON. 1 would ask the gentleman
from Michigan [Mr. Conger] where the people i
oLhis State find a market for their fruits V j
Mr. CONGER. A large portion of the
peacheB raised iu Michigan are sent to the
western States.
Mr. ALLISON. How as to apples ?
Mr. CONGER. A large portion of the apples
raised in Michigan are sent to the eastern States
and to Europe, beingshipped in many instances
directly from the ports of Michigan. In this
way hundreds of thousands of barrels of apples
are shipped every year from our State. Now,
although our production in this respect may
not appear to be very large, yet it is one which
comes into competition with the production
across the line; and I trust that at least our
agricultural friends who are so desirous to pro-
tect the farming interest will favor the protect-
ive duty of 10 per cent, proposed upon these
fruits. The raising of them is a branch of
industry requiring considerable care and the
investment of a good deal of capital. The
protection of this interest is demanded by the
interests of our people.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to close debate on
the pending paragraph.
The motion was agreed to.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Davis, to strike out the paragraph, it was
not agreed to.
Mr. ROGERS. Mr. Chairman, it has been
my custom here to seek to understand as far as
possible the questions presented to me for my
vote ; and I see in this paragraph an item 
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on the para-
graph has been closed by order of the com-
mittee.
Mr. ROGERS. I would like to put a ques-
tion to the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. MAYNARD. That is debate, and I
object.
The CHAIRMAN. Objection is made.
Mr. ASPER. 1 move to strike out in lines
four hundred and ninety and four hundred and
ninety-one the words "and roots."
Mr. ROOTS. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. [Laughter.] I protest that it is wrong
to strike out "roots."
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On oranges, lemons, and limes, and on bananas,
plantains, shaddocks, mangoes, pineapples, grapes,
and cocoanuts, 10 per cent, ad valorem: Provided.
That no allowance shall be made for loss by decay
on the voyage, unless the said loss shall exceed 50
per cent, of the quantity.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have been directed by
the Committee of Ways and Means to offer
several amendments to this paragraph. In the
first place I move to amend by striking- out
"50" and inserting "25."
The hour of half past four o'clock having
arrived the Committee of the Whole, pursuant
to the order of the House, took a recess till
half past seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING- SESSION.
At half past seven o'clock p. m. the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
resumed its session, (Mr. Wheeler in the
chair,) and proceeded with the consideration
of the bill (H. R. No. 1068) to amend existing
laws relating to the duty on imports, and for
other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will report
* th^pwdi n g paragraph.
The Clerk read as follows:
On oranges, lemons, and limes, and on bananas,
plantains, shaddocks, mangoes, pineapples, grapes,
and cocoanuts, 10 per cent, ad valorem: Provided,
That no allowance shall be made for loss by dccay
on the voyage, unless the said loss shall execed 50
per cent, of the quantity.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending question
is upon an amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Sciienck,] which will be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out, in line four hundred and ninety-seven,
"50" and insert "25."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend by add-
ing at the end of the paragraph the following:
And the allowance thus mado shall be only for tho
amount of loss in exccss of 25 per cent, of tho
whole quantity.
The amendment was agreed to.
message from the senate.
The Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union rose informally, when a message
from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin, one of its
clerks, announced that the Senate had recon-
sidered its vote agreeing to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (S. No.
95) in relation to the Hot Springs reservation
in Arkansas, and ordered that the report be
recommitted to the committee of conference
for the purpose of correcting clerical errors
therein.
tariff bill.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union resumedits session.
Mr. BUCKLEY. I move to amend thepend-
ing paragraph by striking out "10 " and insert-
ingin lieu thereof" 15," so as to make the duty
"15 per cent, ad valorem." This paragraph
proposes a reduction of 15 per cent, upon the
existing duty on all these articles. I move this
amendment with special reference to oranges.
The culture of oranges is a very extensive busi-
ness in some of the southern States, especially
Florida. It is a business which has been entered
into largely since the close of the war. The
production of the orange groves is a slow pro-
cess. The wild growth is first taken and trans-
planted, and it takes some five or six years
before the husbandman receives any reward for
his work. Now, just about the time these
orange groves begin to bear and the growers
of oranges to receive some benefit for their
labor expended some five or six years ago, the
Committee of Ways and Means propose to
make a large reduction of Bome 15 per cent,
on oranges.
In addition, Mr. Chairman, I see there is a
proviso attached to this paragraph which in my
opinion amounts to nothing. It is provided
that no allowance shall be made for loss by
decay on the voyage unless the said loss shall
exeeed 50 per cent, of the quantity. The im-
porters of oranges invoice their cargoes at such
a low figure as to cover all this loss by decay
on the voyage. There is therefore nothing iu
that proviso. I hope there will be no objec-
tion to the 5 per cent, increase I propose.
We have just left paragraphs imposing duties
upon imported products of 100, 75,50,40, and
35 per cent, ad valorem. Now we have got
down to 10 per cent. It is the second time
we have had a duty of 10 per cent, proposed.
We are on the brink of ruin. We are near the
edge of the precipice. One step more will
bring us to the heresy of free trade. -
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, it is well,
perhaps, for the House to understand what is
the effect of the amendment to this duty as
proposed by the Committee of Ways and
Means. The present duty on oranges attd
lemons is 25 percent., on limes 20 per cent.,
on bananas and plantains 25 per cent., on
shaddocks 10 per cent., on mangoes 10 per
cent., on pineapples 25 per cent., on grapes
20 per cent., and on cocoanuts 25 per cent.
The committee have regarded nil these) not
