1870.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
565
41st Gong....2d Sess.
Louisiana Contested Election—Mr. Stevenson.
HO. 03? Eeps.
fjfitter if some white people had followed the exam-
ple of that negro, and had tried to allay the excite-
ment?
" Ansxcer. I think it would have been better, per-
haps.
"Question. Do you notthmk that that colored man
beha ved better than any other man there, white or
black ?
"Anbwer. I cannot say that. He behaved very
well. I knew him to be a very violent Republican,
and X was much struck with his course.
" Question. Jiut would it not have been agreatgood
fortune if some white men had taken the same course
toward the white people in the parish?
"Answer. I suppose so.
" Question. There was not any real necessity for
both parties to rush to arms in Opelousas ?
"Anwar. I cannot say.
" Question. Was there anybody killed there?
"Answer. There was nobody killed there that day.
"Question. Was anybody killed therethenextday,
except those prisoners that were taken out of the
j ai 1 ?
" Answer. I do not know the casualties. _
44 Question. Do you know anybody on either side
who were killed in the town of Opelousas, or nearer
to it than the place where the collision occurred?
**Answer. No, sir. 1 understood there were others
killed in the neighborhood of Paillefc's plantation.
" Question. Vou clo not know anything personally
about the prisoners being taken out of the jail and
killed?
"Anmocr. $To, sir.
" Question. You say you saw the wounded brought
in from that first fight?
"Answer. Yes; I saw some prisoners there, somo
four or five prisoners; I think there werenota dozen;
I think that most of them got away; I understood so;
I do not know what was done with them.
" Question. Were there any wounded colored men
among them?
** Answer. There was one colored man taken to the
plantation. He was not left with the other prisoners.
44 Qctition. Do you know what was done with the
colored men who were killed?
"Answer. No, sir.
*' Questioa. Do you know who buried them?
** Answer. No.
"Question. Do you know whether any coroners
jury ever sat over them?
"Anviei. I do not know.
"Question, lias anybody been tried and punished
for those riots?
"Answer. Not that I know of. We had no regular
court there since.
" Question, lias anybody been bound over on ac-
count of it?
"J* tuwer. Nobody that I know of.
"Question. Has any preliminary examination been
held? .
"Answer. The only preliminary examination was
-that one alluded to by Lieutenant Lee in his report.
X was carrying on that examination jnysclt with a
mere view of establishing the facts, it was an ex-
amination by the citizens, not official. That was the
only examination that 1 know of.
"Question. How do you account for so many men
being in Opelousas so soon?
"Amwer. The intelligence was sent out from Ope-
loubas that we were ahont to be attacked, and men
came immediately from almost all i)arts of the parish,
and there weie men there at three or four o clock
from probably twolve or fifteen miles distant. News
fpcads Quick, and is almost more or less exagger-
ated."
How the Peosc-Maker was treated midtvhat he says.
" T. Biinms:
"Question. Whoro do you reside?
"Anwar. In the town of Opelousas, parish of bt.
"QuUtion. Are you a voter of that parish?
'M/jw. Yes, sir.
"Question. What is your position now?
"Ariftwer. I am a Republican ot tho parish of St.
Landry. _
"Qaisfion. What are your polities?
i'A micer. I belong to the Republican party.
"Question. What knowledge have you of tho fool-
ing of" the strength of both parties? ... , .
"Amwer, At the time I loft they had about six
or seven hundred majority, Republican voters.
"Question, llave you any reason to believe these
poodle liavo changed their political principles /
" Anticer. I have no reason to believe they have.
" Question. Have you been bock to the parish smco
the Legislature adjourned, in October last?
"A nsicer. I have not.
"Question. What is tho reason that you dad not
return ?
"A'osu-cr. I have received some fifteen or sixteen
letters from mv friends of the Republican party, and
from seme Democratic friends, stating it would not
be sate—my life would be in danger if I returned;
and consequently, believing my life would not bo
safe. I did not return.
" Question. Do you know whether many of the lead-
in llepublicans have been forced to leave the parish
lo save their Uvea ? .
4' 4 nsver. Yes ; there arc a great many m this city
now, refugees, who are afraid to return; men of
lamiVie.s and largo properties.
" OifshoK ill your opinion, it tin; people ot t'K-t
oaribli hail had the rrdn ol' exeu-Lsins their feeling
openly at the late congressional election, what party
do you think would have elected their candidate?
"Answer. The llepublicans.
** Question. Who would have been elected to Con-
gress, in your opinion ?
"Answer. Hon. C. B. Darrall, the Republican
nominee,
" Question. Have you been in constant communi-
cation with your friends in that parish sinceyouleft?
"Annoer. Yes, sir; and I have been well informed
of the condition of things there.
" Question. Would it be possible for you to give this
evidence as you have before this commissioner in
your parish?
"Answer. No, sir; it would not be safe for my life."
Hoio the Riot began—Attack on Editor and School-
master—Armed whites scour the country and come
upon colored men on a plantation—They resist.
"h Saunders King called for Mr. Bailey:
" Question. Wereyou of that part> that called upon
him then?
"Answer. No, sir.
"Question. How did tho riot arise?
"Answer. The school-house isaveryshortdistanco
from where I live. I knew that Mr. Bentley would
probably get a cowhiding or give somebody else a
cowhiding that morning, and I thought I would step
out and see tho affair go off. I met the school children
running all over the town and screaming that threo
men had gone up to the school-house and killed Mr.
Bentley. Some free negroes came up, among them
Francois David, and he told Mr.B.R. Gantt thatnow
was ttietime to bring about the difficulty between the
negroes and the whites which had been so long antici-
pated. Ho was hoard to send couriers first to the
Anderson and Hill plantations, and then to the (Gar-
land and Paiilct places. I heard John Simms, a col-
ored man, tell one of (hose uoiuiers who had been
ordered off not to go. lie said it was a useless thing
to interfere in a personal difficulty between Mr. Bent-
ley o.nd Mr. Dickson, and that they ought not to have
anything to do with it one way or the other. This
negro courier—i do not know who he was—replied
that Mr. David had sent him, and that he was going
to bring the negroes in, and to bring them in aim«d.
I thought then that it was a squally time and pretty
exciting^ and I went home and saddled my horse and
got my double-barreled shot-gun and pistols. There
were eleven or twelve young men who did the sainc.
We went to flie mayorof tho town, Mr. Felix 3ving,
and got an order fioin him to stop all armed bodies
coming into the town of Opelousas. Wc started ou(,
and at the first placo where we bad heard the negroes
were coming from (General Anderson's) we overtook
John Simms. lie went and stopped the negroes from
tho Anderson place coming in. I suppose Lhero were
some thirty or forty oi them. John Simms stopped
them and got them to go back. There was no col-
lision with that party at all. Wo then rode to the
Parrot placo, and everything was quiet there. The
negroes seemed to be attending to tneir business at
that place. Wchadgotaheadof their courier. About
three o'clock in the eveuing we ran foul of some
twenty-throe armed negroes at the Paillet Phicc.
Five of our party had split off from the rest. We
did not know how many negroes there were taere,
and wc thought wc would ride up to see what was
tho matter. We galloped around the funcc to too
back part of the house, and there wc wore confront-
ed by twenty or twenty-five negroes—L say twenty-
throe, bocauso I think that is nearest to the number.
They were told not to fire, that we wore acting under
orders. With that tho lender, whose name I forget
now, said that he had brought his guns there to use
them, and that, he intended to do it, and with that
he gave us a volley of buckshot, which we returned
as a matter of course. That continued, 1 suppo&e,
not over five minutes, but it seemed like a year tome.
Then tho negroes gave up and asked for protection.
They threw up their arms and surrendered, which
wps tantamount to asking for protection.
"Question. Howmany rounds did you fire, and how
many did they fire ?
"Answer. I can tell you how many our live men
fired. Bach of us had a double-barreled shot-gun
and two six-shooters, and they were all emptied. 1
suppose the negroes fired as many as wo did, it not
more, bccause their number was greater.
"Question. State wluit the result of the affray was r
"Answer. One of our horses was killed, and three ot
us wore wounded; and on the negro side there wcio
four killed and one wounded. Wo took what negroes
we had. (I do not think there were over eight or ten
at the outside,} and the balance got away and maUo
their escape. The^e eight or ten were taken to Ope-
lousas, andleft at thecourt-honsesquare with a party
of citizens. I do not suppose they wcio turned over
to anybody formally. Wc left them there and stai ted
to another part of the town, which it was reported the
negroes were about to attack. We rode tnero and
found that there was nothing of the kind. The ex-
citement was general. We concluded that we wouid
let other people do a little work. Ave returned to
our homes, and went to bod to preparo ourselves to
get up early next morning. Wc did not know what
might transpire the next day. _
"Questioa. State how extensivo tho assembling ot
the people of the parish was, and what, the feeling
of apprehension and excitement was during that day
tl'' \ in si ocr. 1 e nd o d all over ihc parish. There
were at lea^t twenty-five hundred men in?tho town
of Upelousdc b> trtulvo o'clock that night.
This was the first and only resistance mhde
by colored men. None of them survive or
appear to give their version of the conflict.
The casualties to the whiles were very slight.
By the account of the whites the colored men
were justifiable in resisting unlawful attack or
arrest, yet the war was prosecuted by the whi tes
for two days after, resulting in the killing and
wounding of hundreds of unresisting colored
men.
The following shows the conduct of the col-
ored men after their first ineffectual resistance:
" In the riot of St. Landry, while the carpet-bag-
gers were fieeing for their lives at the close of the
'unpleasantness,' the negroes, by hundreds, wcro
flocking to Opelousas, begging the protection of the
white people against the white seouts that were
sweeping over the parish,shooting down the negroes
in all directions. Large quantities of red flannel
were torn in strips and tied in the button-holes of
the negroes'clothes to showthat protection had been
granted them. Such is the protection they getfrotu
carpet-baggers when they are in trouble."—Flant-ers*
Banner of October 17,1S6S.
When the gentleman from Indiana states that
there is no evidence to show that more than
thirty men were killed in that riot, he certainly
should know better, for a Democratic witness,
whose testimony is to be found on page 10, ol'
volume two, swears that there were seventy-
five killed, and he says he has heard the num-
ber estimated as high as two hundred. The
editor of a Democratic paper, Mr. Dennet,
boasts and gloats over the horrid fact that one
hundred negroes were killed and one hundred
more were wounded. Here it is on page 547,
volume one of the testimony.
"Vikws on tub St. Landry Riot.—Iherpooplo
generally are well satisfied with the result of tho
St. Landry riot, only they regret that tho carpet-
baggers escaped. It was the last and only effectual
argument that could bo used with tho negro. The
negroes are to be pitied; but if they will not listen
to honest men, and choose to follow a set of miser-
able, Jying, thieving strangers, they must tako tho
consequences. A carpet-bag editor and his misnr«,blo
incendiary sheet caused the riot. The editor escaped,
and a hundred dead negroes, and perhaps a hundred
morowounded and crippled, adead white Radical, a
dead Democrat, and three or four wounded Demo-
crats, are tho upshot of tho business."—Planters
Banner of October 10,1S63.
He says there were one hundred dead negroes
and one hundred more wounded and crippled,
and a white Radical killed and one Democrat
dead and three or four wounded Democrats.
That was the upshot of the riot; "one dead
Democrat and three or four wounded Demo-
crats;" one hundred and three dead Repub-
licans, and one hundred wounded Republicans !
We made war upon you, did we, and you ex-
terminated us? Mr. Speaker, here was one
of the most horrid and inhuman massacres
ever perpetrated even by Democrats on inno-
cent men.
And if the victims had been doves hunted
by vultures they could hardly have done their
pursuers less harm in proportion to the harm
done them. Yet they are charged with guilt.
How, I cannot understand, save when I remem-
ber tho gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerr]
during the investigation of these bloody pro-
ceedings sitting unmoved, cold and critical as
a surgeon running the knife through nerve and
artery of a dying subject. Thus I saw the
gentleman from Indiana probe and dissect wit-
nesses who came before the committee wounded
and sufl'ering fiorn recent outrages, or banished
-and ruined by long persecution. I heard liim
doubt, cavil, and dispute as he does here. If
a man testified that ho saw a dead body lyiu:;
butchered he doubted if it were murder ; if
the killing was established he wanted proof
"who did it." If it appeared that Democrats
were seen firing at the murdered man as lie
fell, the gentleman questioned the motive for
the net, whether personal or political, a fresh
quarrel or an old grudge. He required every
case to be made out beyond all reasonable
doubt by such full, complete, and unexception-
able proofs as would have sent each person
