1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2523
currency of at least 25 per cent. It seems to
me that this is a sufficient protection.
The proprietors of the establishment to which
I have just referred came over here tod started
the business under the tariff of 1864, which
was not a prohibitory tariff. It proved itself to
be a revenue tariff. In 1867 we collected on
imported thread a revenue of $886,363; in
1868, $975,109 ; in 1869, $1,012,616. By this
bill we propose to reduce the duty in currency
sorag 25 per cent. This, I think, is all the
reduction the people ought to ask. Hence I
oppose the amendment of the gentleman from
Iowa, [Mr. Allisox.]
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COX. I withdraw my amendment.
The question recurred on the amendment
offered by Mr. Suuexck, to make the paragraph
read, as follows:
On spool-thread of cotton, 6 cents per dozen spools,
containing on each spool not more than 100 yards of
thread, and for every additional 100 yards or frac-
tional part thereof in excess of 100 yards on each
spool, 0 cents per dozen spools, and 30 per cont. ad
valorem in addition to the above rates.
The amendment was agreed to.
The question then recurred on the amend-
ment of Mr. Allisox, as follows:
Strike out the following:
On spool-thread of cotton G cents per dozen spools,
containing on each spool not more than 101) yards of
thicad, and for every additional 100 yards or frac-
tional part thereof in excess of 100 yards on each
■spool, 0 cents per dozen spools, and 30 per cent, ad
valorem in addition to the above rates.
And in lien thereof insert the following:
On spool-threadof cotton, 5 cents perdozon spools,
containing on each spool not exceeding 100 yards of
thread, and in addition thereto 30 per cent, ad
ca'orem; exceeding 100 yards, for every additional
100 yards of throad on each spool, or fractional part
thereof in excess of 100 yards, 5 cents per dozen
and 30 per cent, ad vtlorem : Provided, That if tho
duties imposed by this paragraph shall amount to
less than 35 per cent, ad valorem, then the duty shall
be assessed at therateof 35 per centum ad valorem.
The amendment was rejected.
The paragraph, as amended, was agreed to.
The Clerk proceeded to read the next para-
graph, as follows:
On cotton thread, yarn, warps, or warp yarn, not
wound upon spools, whether single or advanced
beyond the condition of single by twisting two or
more single yarns together, whether on beams, or in
bunJies, skeins, or cops, or in any other form, 40 por
cent, ad valorem.
.Mr. MAYNARD. I move to add to that
the following:
And in addition thereto, on all numbers finer than
No. CO, 15 cents a pound.
Mr. ALLTSON. I should like to know a
litlie about that amendment.
Mr. MAYNAIiD. I will explain. I thought
the gentleman understood about it. The amend-
ment contemplates making a provision for the
finer numbers of yarn and to provide against
fraud in undervaluation. I will ask to have a
communication read on this subject.
The Clerk read as follows:
Boston, February 5,1S70.
The proposed duty on fine cotton yarns of 40 per
cent, ad valorem can and will bo evaded in part, and
the revenue defrauded so far.
The price of No. 80 yarn in cop in Manchester now
is from 45 to 50 cents per pound for common, 58 to
05 cents per pound for medium, 75 to 80 cents per
pound for fino.
To send out here the medium or fine cheaply it is
only necessary to invoice the yarn as ''common."
No one can certify that it is notwhat is represented.
[Forty per cent, duty is ample, if it be possible to
eoHcet it.]
The remedy will be by substituting a duty partly
lid valorem and partly specific, or one purely specific.
Under the advalortm duty tho fine mills cannot com-
pote with the cheap labor and capital of England ;
certainly not as our labor is now. „„„T„xv
A5I0S A. LA%^ REInCE.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Lawrence is a man
of great experience in reference to the manu-
facture of cotton. The manufacture of fine
yarns, in reference to which my amendment is
moved, has grown up in the country as high as
one hundred and one hundred and twenty, as
small as the specimen in my desk. The stock
of which they are made is a finer class of cot-
ton and more expensive than ordinary numbers.
The machinery is more elaborate and delicate,
and as has been well said by the communica-
tion which has been read, there is great facility
for substituting the inferior for the more valu-
able ; and in order to do away with that it is
proposed to have a specific duty amounting to
15 cents per pound, which on this kind will be
more than the difference in the market price
of the cotton of which these finer numbers are
made, and the cotton employed in the coarser
manufacture.
Mr. SCHENCIi. Mr. Chairman, I shall
be unwilling to assent to an amendment of
this kind. It was not presented for the con-
sideration of the Committee of Ways and
Means. We agreed, from the difficulty of
having a specific duty imposed, to put it all
under an ad valorem duty of 40 per cent.
Now, sir, if there be that difference which my
colleague refers, an ad valorem duty will bo
the fairest. According to the value of the
article imported will be the rate of duty upon
it. The committee prefer to put all in one
class, and the only change which I understood
was recommended, and received the sanction
of the committee, was to do away with the pres-
ent law because of the impossibility of fairly
executing it; indeed, because of the impossi-
bility almost of executing it at all. The pres-
ent tariff is 4 cents upon a skein of 840 yards
and 30 per cent, ad valorem on one class, and
40 per cent, ad valorem on another. Now,
instead of having one class at 40 per cent, and
another at so many cents of specific duty and
30 per cent, ad valorem, we preferred to have
one general ad valorem duty covering the whole
reduced to one class.
[ may here remark that the 30 per cent, ad
valorem on the average invoice valuation on
this as a dutiable article, as I find from the
Treasury reports, is equivalent to 6j cents per
skein ; 40 per cent, is equal to 8^ cents ; the
average invoice valuation being 22^ cents. All
these difficulties are removed by tho propositi on
of the committee to put tho article under an
ad valorem duty all round, which will give the
advantage, of course, of a higher rate of pro-
tection in proportion to the value of the article,
and accomplish the object my colleague has in
view. But, as I stated before, I would be
unwilling to go now into a new examination of
this subject to see what would be the effect
of a proposition thus brought suddenly before
the House. It has not been considered by the
Committee of Ways and HeanS. I hope the
gentleman from Tennessee will not insist upon
his amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend my
amendment by striking out the last word. This
is a branch of a subject that was submitted
more especially to myself and my colleague
on the committee from Massachusetts [Mr.
Hooper] which I had occasion to examine
very much at length. The chairman of the
committee will please remember that after the
bill was reported it was deemed desirable to
have as few modifications by the committee as
possible. I have therefore hesitated to bring
up several matters which I deemed of import-
ance. This proposition I prepared and have
presented, not on consultation with the com-
mittee, but on consultation with the sub-corn
mittec that had this matter in charge. And I
present it to the House as one that is eminently
deserving the consideration of the House, and
eminently just in itself.
I will not disguise from the House the fact
that I feel a peculiar interest in this branch
of manufacture, the manufactuie of cotton.
Although there is no cotton, or next to none,
grown in my immediate district, yet in my State
and in my immediate locality the cotton-pro-
ducing interest is a very large and very import-
ant one; and whatever tends to develop the
manufacture, especially of the higher grades
of cotton goods, goes so far to enhance the
value of the product. As I showed the other
day, out of say 3,000,000 bales of cotton, now
produced in this country more than one third
of that cotton is consumed and spun in the
United States, and I hope to live to see the time
when not one third merely but two thirds will
be spun here on our own looms. The spinning
of ^ the finer and nicer style of yarns is an enter-
prise that has sprung up in this country within
the last few years under the stimulus of the
additional duty which the war has compelled
us,_ or which we felt that the war compelled
to impose, affecting various branches of Indus
try, this among the rest.
I trust, therefore, that the House will, whet,
it gives its consideration to this particular inter-
est, which not merely represents a finer staple
of cotton and a more delicate"class of machin-
ery, but represents much more labor, because
I need not say that it requires fourfold the labor
to produce a pound of cotton thread of this
texture that it does to produce thread of the
ordinary character, say from No. 10 to No. 20,
I trust that the House will, when it gives its
consideration to these things, feel that the man-
ufacture is fairly and justly entitled to every
protection by our laws.
As to the suggestion made by tho chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means that an ad
valorem duty taxes the more valuable articles
more than it does the less valuable ones, that,
of course, is true, but it applies to everything.
If tho argument i3 worth anything at all we
might make all the duties ad valorem and not-
specific. The argument in favor of specific
and against ad valorem, duties is this: that ad
valorem duties can be evaded by undervalua-
tion and fraud. It is shown by the communi-
cation of Mr. i jawrence that an ad valorem duty
of 40 per cent, on these yarns would be evaded,
and that what he calls the finer mills would be
utterly destroyed by the operation of this pro-
vision. 1 hope, therefore, the committee will
adopt the amendment I have offered.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to say a word upon
this question. It occurs to me that the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means is
correct in his statement that an ad valorem
duty is the fairest, and the gentleman from
Tennessee will not deny that, if you can enforce
it. An ad valorem duty which taxes the higher
priced article according to its value is certainly
a fair duty. It is only because of the difficulty
of collecting an ad valorem duty that we im-
pose specific duties. Now, the gentleman from
Tennessee does not propose to remove that
difficulty; he only provides that on a certain
kind of cotton thread this ad valorem duty
shall not" apply, but that there shall be a spe-
cific duty of so much a pound.
Mr. MAYNARD. Did the gentleman at-
tend to the reading of the communication of
Mr. Laurencc?
Mr. ALLISON. Not very closely, but I
attended to the gentleman's amendment. The
return of imports shows that there is now very
little of these goods imported, and none at all
under the first classification. In 1868 we only
imported $2 m value of the one class and only
$242,000 of the other. The duty which the
gentleman proposes is 40 per cent, ad valo-
rem. But I call the attention of the gentle-
man from Tennessee to another point. This
class of threads is used chiefly in the manu-
facture of lace, and we have imposed an ad
valorem duty of 40 per cent, on lacc, so that
if we increase the duty now on this article as
he proposes, wo shall be compelled corre-
spondingly to reduce the duty on other arti-
cles, and thus disturb the harmony of that part
of the bill in relation to textile fabrics so care-
fully prepared by the gentleman. I hope the
amendment will not be adopted, but that the
higher classes of threads will be compelled to
pay a higher duty under the 40 per cent, ad
Mr. MAYNARD. I withdraw the formal
amendment to the amendment, and ask for a
vote on my original amendment.
The question was taken on Mr. Mayxard s
amendment, and it was rejected.
The Clerk read as follows:
On cotton shirts, drawers, and other articles.knit
or woven on frames. 5 cents per pound and ■>> per
ccnt. ad valorem.
Mr. KELLOGG 1 wish tooffrran amend
