1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1579
Congress can safely calculate on a saving of
$2,500,000 in our Indian expenditures for the
coming fiscal year over the amount expended
during tlie current year, and not only that, but
it can also calculate npon the Indians receiv-
ing a greater benefit from the money expended.
I now yield whatever time I have left to the
gentleman from Kansas.
Mr. CLARKE. Mr. Chairman, it is not my
purpose, even if I had the time, to enter into
any general discussion of the questions sug-
gested by this bill. Nor was it my intention
at this stage of the session to enter into any
general discussion of our Indian policy. I rise
now only for the purpose of saying that I be-
lieve the policy which has been pursued by the
Administration since the last session of Con-
gress has been a great improvement on the
policy which has heretofore been pursued with
reference to the canduct of our Indian affairs.
I believe, sir, that with the exception, per-
haps, of views which may be entertained at the
other end of this Capitol, there has now come
to be a general concurrence of opinion that
this treaty system, which in my judgment
lias been the occasion of a great deal of diffi-
culty in connection with our Indian matters—
that this treaty system should be at once aban-
doned and abolished. And indeed, sir, in look-
ing at the report of the commission, of which
Mr. Brunot, of Pittsburg, is the chairman,
appointed by the President, in connection with
the $2,000,000 appropriation made at the close
of the last session of Congress, I find that these
commissioners, in their report, go further even
than I, for one, have ever gone in advocating
my views in this House or elsewhere. They
say that the treaty system should be abandoned,
and as soon as any just method can be devisea
of accomplishing it such treaties should be abro-
gated. Now, sir, while I have not heretofore
advocated here or elsewhere the abrogation of
any existing treaties with the Indians of the Uni-
ted States, I nevertheless agree in the opinion
expressed by the gentlemen of this commis-
sion, that the time will come in the progress
of our Indian affairs, under the carrying out
of an improved and liberal and just policy,
when it will be necessary, not only in the in-
a tereBt of this Government, not only for finan-
cial considerations, but in the interest of the
Indians themselves, to abrogate, to a certain
extent at least, the Indian treaties already exist-
ing. Why, sir, if I understand aright the gen-
tleman from California, [Mr. Sargent,] who
reports this bill from the Committee on Appro-
priations, this bill itself abrogates to a certain
extent treaties which have been made. At
least if it does not abrogate, it refuses to com-
ply with treaties which were made by General
Sherman and what was known as the peace
commission some four or five years ago.
Mr. SARGENT. Following the action of
the House last spring.
Mr. CLARKE. Yes, following the action
of the Honse last spring. Now, as a matter
of fact, as a matter of actual and undoubted
fact, there is no practical difference, as regards
their negotiation or ratification or character,
between these treaties made on the plains two
or three years ago by the peace commission,
of which General Sherman, I believe, was chair-
man, and all the other treaties which have
been made between the Government of the
United States and the Indian tribes. AU these
treaties rest exactly on the same basis. All
of them have been made on exactly the same
principle. All of them have been negotiated in
almost exactly the same way. All of them have
been ratified exactly in the same manner; and,
so far as our action here is concerned, I see no
particular reason for making any distinction
with reference to these particular treaties.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The hour for general
debate has expired, and the Clerk will proceed
to read the bill by paragraphs.
The Clerk read as follows:
Be it enacted, Ac., That the following sums be, and
they are hereby, appropriated, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the
purpose of paying the ourrent and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian department and fulfilling
treaty stipulations with the various Indian tribes.
Mr. CLARKE. I move to amend by adding
to that paragraph the following, which I send
to the desk to be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Provided, That from and after the passage of this
act the Indian tribes in the States and Territories
of the United States shall beheld to be incapable of
making treaties with the United States, ana no such
treaty shall hereafter be made: And provided further,
That no convention, agreement, or contract between
the United States ana any Indian tribe, made, en-
tered into, or ratified 8fter the passage and approval
of this act, authorising or providing for the payment
of money from the Treasury of the United States, or
the sale or other disposition of the publie lands or
Indian reservations, in whole or in part, whether
held in severalty or in common, shall nave force and
effect, eith er in law or equity, or be enforced by any
officer of the United States, or of any State or Ter-
ritory, unless the enforcement thereof shall be au-
thorised by an act of Congress passed and approved
subsequent to its date.
Mr. HOLMAN. I make the point of order
that that is independent legislation, and is not
in order on an appropriation bill. It may be
a proper subject to be considered, but not here.
Mr. CLARKE. As I understand the action
of the House, under the motion made by the
gentleman from California [Mr. Sargent] to
suspend the rules in reference to this bill, I
am entitled to offer this amendment. I am
not quite sure, however, whether it ought to
be offered at this point in the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
point of order is well taken, and sustains it.
The order made by the House was applicable
only to the bill as reported and not to amend-
ments.
The Clerk read as follows:
For pay of clerk to superintendent of Indian
affairs at St. Louis, Missouri, $1,600.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to strike out that
clause. This clerk is really employed at the cen-
tral superintendency and not at St. Louis, and
irovided for further on in the bill.
are the duties
of the clerk at St. Louis?
Mr. SARGENT. There is now no clerk at
St. Louis, Missouri. This clerk is now at the
central superintendency. At the proper time
I shall ask that this amount be added under
the head of temporary clerks at superintend-
encies. This is an anomaly in previous bills
which escaped the attention of the committee
before it was reported. I wish to avoid it for
the future.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For pay of clerk to superintendent for California,
$1,800.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I move to strike out
" $1,800." I make the motion merely as a
formal matter to give me an opportunity to
submit a few remarks on this bill.
I regret somewhat that the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Holman] made the point of order
that he did upon the amendment offered by the
gentleman from Kansas, [Mr. Clarke. ] I think
it would be very well that this House should
express by a positive declaration of law its
determination that there shall be no more
Indian treaties made; but I do not think that
it is essential whether the declaration be made
or not; for, in point of fact, I apprehend that
no Indian treaty will ever again De made.
Some two years ago, Mr. Chairman, I took
occasion in this House to denounce Indian
treaties, and especially those which undertake
to dispose of the public lands. Since that time
some treaties have been made, I believe.
Mr. CLARKE. No, sir; none.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I am told by the gen-
tleman from Kansas that no Indian treaty has
since been made, but however that may be,
this House lias from that hour to this, in every
instance, refused to recognize the binding valid-
ity of any Indian treaty, either as it purports
to obligate us to appropriate money, or as it may
undertake to dispose of the pablic lands. The
ought to be provided for further <
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Whati
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,]
the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations, near the close of our last session
declared in this House that the last Indian
treaty had been made, and I was very much
gratified to find that the President, only a few
days since, had withdrawn from the consider-
ation of the Senate all the Indian treaties
pending before that body.
Now, sir, we have come to adopt precisely
the position toward the Indian tribes that the
British Government occupies in Canada. No
treaties are made there. The Indians are
treated as people to be legislated for, just as
we ought to legislate for them in this country.
So much, then, for Indian treaties. While I
deny their binding efficacy I would neverthe-
less preserve inviolate the faith of the nation,
and observe with scrupulous exactness every
duty, every obligation, every engagement with
the Indians, but I would not permit the public
lands to be disposed of except in pursuance of
an act of Congress.
I wish to make a single remark in relation
to the amount appropriated by this bill. It
will be seen that the policy of retrenchment
inaugurated since the administration of Grant
came in is faithfully carried out in this bill.
As has been very well said by the gentleman
from California, [Mr. Sargent,] this bill ap-
propriates nearly two million dollars less than
the estimates, and will be a reduction of
$2,500,000 upon the expenditures for the cur-
rent year for the Indian service. This is one
of the fruits of the administration of President
Grant, and of that peaceful policy inaugurated
under his direction by Indian superintendents
selected by and practicing the faith of the So-
ciety of Friends, whose principles, alike com-
mendable and just, are illustrated by works
which all good men must approve.
As to our general Indian policy it may be
proper to say that the Committee on Appro-
priations could not in an appropriation bill
determine it or provide for a system of man-
aging Indian affairs. That belongs to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs. The Committee on
Appropriations could only carry out by appro-
priations the existing policy of the Govern-
ment, always, however, taking care, as this
bill does take care, not to recognize the binding
obligation of any treaty with any Indian tribe.
If I might be permitted to express my individ-
ual opinion as to what our policy toward the
Indian tribes should be I would say that when-
ever an Indian tribe is hostile 
[Here the hammer fell.J
Mr. BECK. I oppose the amendment merely
for the purpose of saying that this bill has been
considered with very great care by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and especially by the
gentleman from California, [Mr. Sargent,] who
had it in charge. He has not only spent weeks,
but I think I may say more than a month, with
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs examining
it in all its details.
It is an effort on the part of the Committee
on Appropriations to carry out the idea that
we ought to treat the Indians, if not as citizens
in every regard, at least as persons subject to
the laws of the United States; that we should,
as far as possible, ignore the idea of dealing
with them as separate and independent tribes.
We should endeavor to treat them with kind-
ness and humanity, but at the same time en-
deavor to drive from their minds the idea in
which they have heretofore been educated, that
they were not men in the true sense of the word
until they had taken the scalp of some white
man. They should be trained to understand
that their only safety and interest were to re-
gard the rights of every man in this country, and
that if they undertake hereafter, as they have
done heretofore, to seek for glory by destroy-
ing the lives of citizens of the United States
they will be surely dealt with in accordance
with the law.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him for a moment?
