1580
THE OOKCrRESSIO^AL GLOBE.
February 25,
Mr. BECK. Certainly.
Mr. ELDKtDGE. I desire to interrupt the
gentleman ut this point, lor fear his remarks
might seem to indicate to the Hoiise and to
the country that he agreed with the senti-
ments expressed in the doeatnent which has
been read at the Clerk^s desk. I know he does
not; I know that his heart has no sympathy
with the ideas there expressed; and I wish he
may now state, for the benefit of the House
and of the country, whether he does or does
not agree with the infauAous sentiments ex-
pressed in the order of General Sheridan.
Mr. BECK. I was trying to say that the
policy of the Committee on Appropriations
and of this bill was not to encourage this
extreme rigor toward these natives. I ato not
sufficiently familiar with the order of General
Sheridan, which has been referred to here, to
say how far I approre or disapprove it. If
there isarrythingiri it which would justify going
to war with these Indians, and murdering their
women aud children, then I can say that the
Committee on Appropriations most certainly
disapprove it.
The object of the Committee on Appropri-
ations is to have these Indians encouraged to
labor, to have them placed on reservations and
taught the arts of civilized life, so as to render
unnecessary the rigorous measures which I
assnrae were recommended by the order to
which reference has been made here. We
want to ignore the treaties now pending; we
want these Indians to understand that they
must give up the idea in which they have here-
tofore been educated, that tintil they had gone
upon the war path and taken sealps they could
not be regarded as irien in their own tribes;
that that idea must be done away with, and
that if they shoald so act hereafter their deeds
would be regarded as crimes and punished
accordingly.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BECK. I will merely add that this bill
has been drawnaa carefully as any bill can be
drawn.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Iwi&dfaw my amend-
ment.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I renew the
amendment. A matter has been brought- into
this discussion which perhaps is not quite rele-
vant to it Still I feel like entering my protest
against the disposition which seems to be
manifested here, to overturn our whole policy
for eighty years past in relation to Indian
treaties. I am free to Confers that those treaties
have been connected with frauds in later years, !
that many of them have been thoroughly fraud- j
ulent. Bat that la an abuse of the system, not }
inherent in the syBtem itself. I believe it is
better to renovate the system, to have these
treaties carried on by proper agents, by proper
men, to have the officers purified, and then I
believe that that which is already the system
of the land, which has obtained for the last
eighty years, will still be the best for the man-
agement of these Indian tribes.
I fear that sfronld yoa do away with all oar
treaties with the firitttis Indian tribes, and
makethe Indians the mefe Subjects of legislation
in thfe Capitol, they will be placed entirely at
the mercy of the mett who even now try year
after year to get away froth them wbtft little
land they have remaining. I do not Want them
to be here without any rights of their ownj and
altogether dependent upon Congress for what-
ever they may be* permitted to have. The
Indians no# have Certain possessory rights in
the soil that e-_in be taken away from them only
through the medium of a treaty; and because
that treaty-making power has hitherto been
abused, as I admit it has been, I do not see in
that a Sufficient reason for changing our whole
system of the management of the Indian
tribes. It is proposed to abrogate all the old
treaties by a mere act of legislation, and thus
do away with vested rights. Sir, we have the
decisions of our Supreme Court, as well as
universal prtttfM, fe«ogtti*itt| Wefctietf
to be fas binding as any other treaties. You
cannot by legislation take away the rights which
have vested under them. Whenever you at-
tempt it you will be met by the decisions of
our courts, and will be prevented from carry-
ing out any such purpose.
Mr. LAWRENCE. In what case lias the
Supreme Court decided that a treaty with an
Indian tribe has conferred any vested rights,
except when authorized by an act of Congress ?
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. The gentle-
man will find such a decision in the case of
Worcester vs. The State of Georgia, where the
question is thoroughly discussed. In that de-
cision the gentleman will find the whole policy
of the Government and the legal rights and
status of the Indians fully set forth. In that
case the court held that a treaty between the
United States and the Indian tribes—a treaty
made in the ordinary way, not by virtue of
any act of Congress; a treaty made between
the agents of the United States and the Indians
and ratified by the Senate—is just as binding as
a treaty made with a foreign nation.
Mr. LAWRENCE. The gentleman is mis-
taken. I have examined the cases decided by
the Supreme Court. So far as any treaty since
the adoption of the Constitution i8 concerned
all are subject to the power of Congress. A
treaty cannot appropriate money from the
Treasury for an Indian tribe. That requires
an act of Congress.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I will take
an early opportunity of bringing to the gen-
tleman's attention the decisions upon this point.
The Indians are regarded, of coarse, not as
an independent nation, but as wards of the
Government, having a mere possessory right
to the soil, not a right in fee; but so far as
that possessory right goes their title is as good
as that of the man holding a patent from the
Government. The gentleman will find the law
laid down as I have cited it, not only in the
case I have named, but in another case decided
originally, I believe, in the State of Illinois.
I cannot at this moment name the case, but I
promise to give the gentleman the exact cita-
tion.
Mr. SARGENT. I suppose gentlemen are
aware that this discussion is not pertinent to
the pending paragraph.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I was aware
of that; but the question was introduced by
other gentlemen.
Mr. SARGENT. If gentlemen desire to test
in the Committee of the Whole the question
whether the amounts estimated to carry out
these treaties are to be appropriated in this
bill, an opportunity to test that question will
arise when we have advanced two or three
pages further with the bill, and that will pre-
sent a suitable occasion for the discussion of
the question. I beg that gentlemen will allow
us to make as much progress as possible with
these merely formal parts of the bill.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I withdraw
nay amendment, and will simply add that I do
not think this question can be properly dis-
cirtsed under the five-minutes rule.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr< Chairman, I will
delay the committee but a moment, for I wish
to say but a word. I do not desire to reply to
my friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Beok,] yet. I
feel now as I felt when he was speaking, that
his remarks might possibly be misunderstood
or misapprehended. The gentleman says that
this bill has been well considered. I make no
issue with him upon that point. It may have
been well considered. The gentleman says
that it is the policy of the Government to regard
these Indians as the "wards of the Govern-
ment." If they could be considered, Mr.
Chairman, as the "wards of the Government"
in the true sense of that expression, I would
agree with the gentleman; but they have not
been so considered and so treated. They have
been dealt with as a people capable of making
treaties with this Government, and they have
made Weaties. I insist that when the; do make
treaties with this Government, those treaties
should be as sacredly and religiously observed
as though they were made with a nation able
to enforce its construction of the treaty which
it makes with another nation.
Sir, are they considered as the "wards of
the Government?" Has my friend seen the
letter of Yincent Collyer, recently written, in
which he describes the manner in which these
'' wards of the Government'' have been treated ?
Has he learned how fifty women, thirty-nine
children, and twenty old men, lying sick with
small-pox in one lodge, dying with disease,
were attacked by the order of a general of the
United States Army, and all massacred? Are
we to appropriate money for such purposes ?
Are these people to be thus destroyed, and is
no man to utter one word of remonstrance
against such barbarity ?
Mr. Chairman, if they are the wards of the
Government, then we who are taking care of
them are the most barbarous people on earth.
We are the worst guardians ever heard of in
thus sacrificing the wards intrusted to our care.
This is proved incontestably by the orders which
have been read to-day, which we have allowed
to be issued and carried out against these In-
dians who are the Wards of the Government.
Mr. Chairman, the Indians of this country
are more sinned against than sinning. The
wards of the Government have been preyed
upon by all branches of the Government. They
have been struck down on all occasions and
everywhere. Treaties with them have been
constantly and shamefully disregarded. Yet,
we are told that the policy of this Government
is kind and gentle and generous to them, as
gentle and as generous as that of a parent to a
child. I enter my solemn protest against the
manner in which these Indians have been
treated, and especially do I enter my protest
against that barbarous—I will not say barbarous
only, but I will say that infamous order which
has been read at the desk of the Clerk.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman from Wis-
consin certainly did not hear the remarks which
I made on the subject to which he has alluded.
He says there has been no protest against the
barbarity practiced toward the Indians, or  
rather the particular barbarity to which I called
attention. I did call attention to it and did
enter my indignant protest. But the instance
in question unfortunately is not novel or rare.
Such cases have stained our history and every
Administration from the foundation ofthe Gov-
ernment. The gentleman proposes no remedy,
whereas in this bill we have, I think provided
for the future ample protection and justice to
these Indians. The treaties to which he has
referred are really and practically no safeguard.
They are a mere wall of paper against the
outrages perpetrated upon the Indians. When
tribes of Indians commit aggressions upon
the whites they of course shut themselves
out from all rights they may have under the
treaties with the Government, as much as
any foreign nation would which violated its
treaties. We propose as far as it is possible to
be done under the existing order of things to
change for the better the treatment of the
Indians. We propose that the money appro-
priated shall go to the Indians directly and be
expended for useful purposes and not to be
thrown away upon mere fanciful objects for
which they can have no use. Then I will direct
the gentleman's attention particularly to the
fact that this bill does not appropriate any
money for the purpose of keeping np military
posts to which he has specially objected.
He has announced his condemnation of the
military order which was read at the Clerk's
desk, and he therefore agrees with me and with
the Committee on Appropriations in the policy
we have marked out for the future, in providing
that this money shall go directly for the benefit
of the Indians who are named, and we shall
expect, therefore, to have his assistance in
carrying this bill through. I yield the rfcfit of
