4412
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
disloyalty. I apply the terra as it is applied
in the laws of nations and in the laws of war;
for I bold this struggle to have been a war and
not u mere insurrection, not a mere mob, not
a mere emeute to be put down by the police or
by a small squad of armed men. It had all
the attributes and characteristics of a great
war, and so it has been recognized by the
world, and so it will forever be recognized by
the world ; and all persons resident within the
hostile lines, within the hostile country, are,
as every gentleman in this body knows, spoken
of in the laws of war as enemies ; the country
is enemy's country, the inhabitants are all, in
contemplation of law, enemies.
_ Suppose, sir, we engage in a war with a for-
eign nation, for instance Great Britain, and we
move our armies into Canada, a British province,
and there we come in contact with immense
numbers of American citizens, quietly and
peaceably settled in Canada, carrying on their
avocations within the province, raising there
their families, cultivating their fields, carrying
on their merchandise or any other branch of
business, and they may be as loyal to the Gov-
ernment of the United States as the very sol-
diers who enter the enemy's country; slill we
all know that in contemplation of law, the law
of war, the law of nations, those persons found
theie, although loyal to the United States, are
regarded as enemies, because they are in the
enemy's country, I use that term merely for
the purpose of conveying theidea, not with any
intention of imputing disloyalty or treason to
persons in the rebel States. J have explained
ilii:-; so often that I feel I am performing' a work
of supererogation in repenting it.
It should be remembered at the same time
that all the in-operty within the rebel States
during the war, whether owned by rebels in the
army or out of the army, or whether owned
by loyalists and friends o( the Government of
the United States, was subject to the laws of
the rebellion. All this property contributed
in the shape of taxation to the aid and comfort
of the rebels, and during the whole struggle
the United States of America did not derive a
single dollar of aid or assistance by way of
taxation from the whole property of the south-
ern people. Instead of muring to the beneht
of the Government of the country, their prop-
erty inured to the benefit of the rebel confed-
eracy, and was used to uphold it and to give it j
final success. It was the cotton of the South
more than any other articlo of merchandise
that maintained and upheld the credit of that
confederacy.
Now, Mr. President, it is easy to see that \
this is a subject of delicacy both to men from
the North and men from the South. To the
latter it is an interesting theme upon which to
descant before a southern audience. It is a
political theme which maybe used for the pur-
pose of obtaining votes. In short, it would be
an excellent theme upon the stump. But those
gentlemen from the South who regard it in
that light should remember at the same time
that there is at the North a feeling of soreness
when our people are asked to pay out of their
own hard earnings in the shape of taxation a
large amount of money to indemnify persons
at the South whose property during the whole
war contributed to support and uphold the
rebellion. They must pardon us when we tell
them that our people are very sensitive on this
subject, when we tell them that there are
thousands and hundreds of thousands of north-
ern people who have been rendered poor and
penniless by this war, which has cost so much
blood and treasure ; that we have at the North
fathers who have been deprived of their sons
by this war, mothers who have been deprived
of their only support, and sisters whose only
supports have been taken away by the rav-
ages of this dreadful war; and we feel very
sensitive, let me tell my friends from the South,
when they ask us to pay out our hard-earned
cash to indemnify peisuns at the South who
were mere neutrals and did nothing to man-
ifest their loyalty in the cause in which they
now seek compensation..
Mr. HARLAN. With The consent of the
honorable Senator, I will move 
Mr. HOWARD. One moment. I wish the
amendment that I sent to the Chair to be
printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The order
to print, the amendment will be entered if there
be no objection.
Mr. MOIIRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
offer a substitute for the whole bill, which I ask
to have printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The order
to print will be entered.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
from Iowa allow me five or ten minutes ? I will
renew the motion to adjourn at the end of that
time, if he desires me to do so.
Mr. HARLAN. Would notthe Senator pre-
fer to go ou to-morrow?
Mr. DAVIS. I have but a few words to say,
and I would rather say them to-night.
Mr. HARLAN. I will certainly withdraw
the motion, if the honorable Senator prefers it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Kentucky is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I think that the
fact and the principle that were assumed by the
English Government during the revolutionary
war have been misstated.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not give way to tlio
Senator from Kentucky. I gave way for a
motion to adjourn made by the Senator from
Iowa.
_The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
did not so understand it. The Chair under-
stood the Senator to yield to tbe Senator from
Iowa, and the Senator from Iowa yielded to
the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. HARLAN. It was a blunder of mine.
The honorable Senator from Michigan gave
way only for a motion to adjourn.
Mr. HOWARD. That was all.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator permit me
to state a tact?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DAV IS. 1 respectfully rose to ask the
Senator from Michigan leave to interpose foi a
minute. He curtly denied me that couitesy,
but immediately afterward extended it to three
other Senators. Now, I think, under the cir-
cumstances, the Senate ought, in courtesy, to
hear me for a few minutes, and I ask oaky to
be heard for a few minutes.
Mr. President, I deny that the fact and the
principle as to the course of the English Gov-
ernment at the close of the revolutionary war
and duiing its progress have been correctly
stated by the Senator from Michigan. The
insurgents, the colonists, were never treated as
public enemies by the Government of England,
by the successor of Lord North, or by any
statesman of England, until they established
their independence; and if that insurrection
had been suppressed, they never would have
been treated as public enemies.
I maintain that this was the practice of the
English Government throughout the revolu-
tionary war ; whenever they took quartermas-
ter or commissary stores they paid for them
as they went. That was the course of General
Scott in prosecuting the war in Mexico. He
was there carrying on the war in the name of
the United States against a foreign Power that
undeniably was a public enemy ; and yet that
great and just chieftain scrupulously required
all the quartermaster and commissary stores
which he took for the American Army from
that public enemy to be paid for.
Sir, we have another example more noted ;
and that was the great insurrection against the
British rule in India that occurred some fifteen
or sixteen j ears ago. That insurrection was
suppressed after a most bloody conflict on the
part of the Sepoys and the natives. I deny
that during that conflict the Sepoys or their
countrymen or the English subjects resident
within the country of the Indians were ever
treated as public enemies. They were not. On
the contrary, all the quartermaster stores and
commissary stores that were taken by Have-
look and the Scottish chieftain who eventually
brought the war to a close, Lord Clyde, were
paid for from the public chest of the British
army, and the people there were never treated
as public enemies.
I deny that there is an example in the his-
tory of the world where there has been an
unsuccessful revolt on the part of the people
of a particular nation against the Government
of that nation, and that revolt has been sup-
pressed, of the people in revolt being treated
during that revolt ais public enemies by the
Government; and the honorable Senator can-
not, Itbink, adduce any authority to establish
that proposition.
Now, Mr. President, I have said all that I
intended to say; and I therefore conclude by
moving to adjourn, in accordance with my
agreement with the Senator from Iowa. ■
Mr. HOWE. I hope the Senator will allow
the enemies of the bill to move an adjournment.
I shall call for the yeas and nays upon it.
Mr. HARLAN, (at ten o'clock and fifteen
minutes p. m). 1 renew the motion to adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Iowa moves that the Senate do now
adjourn.
Mr. HOWE. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays wore ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 18, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Me.^rs.Uayartl, .Boroninr;, Carpenter, Cor-
bett, Brake. Harlan. Howard, MeCreery, Morton,
Nye, 0shorn, Uamscy, Scott, Stewart, Stockton, Sum-
ner, W llliams, and Yates—18.
NAl'S— Messrs. Abbott, Davis, Fowler, Ilnrri?,
Hope, Lewis. McDonald, Pomcrey,Pool, Pratt, Itice,
llobetlson, Koss, Spencer, bprague, Thayer, War-
ner, and Wilson—18.
ABSENT — Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Brownlow,
Bunkinsham, Cameron, Casserly, Cattell, Chandler,
Cole, Conktme, CraKin, Edmund-!, Fenura, Ferry,
Flanagan, Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland. Hamil-
ton of Texas ilatnlm, Howell, Johnston, Ivellog^,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Norton. Pat-
terson, llevels, Baulsbary, Sawyer, Schurz, Sher-
man, Thuvman, Tipton, Trumbull, Viekers, and
Wiliey—36.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
refuses t.o adjourn; but there is no quorum
voting.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. HOWE. I ask that the absentees may
be called.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate
adjourn. That motion is in order when there
is no quorum.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts moves that the Sen-
ate adjourn.
Mr. HOWE. I ask that the absentees be
called.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
of the Senator from Wisconsin was recognized
by the Chair us first m order, if the Senator
insists upon it.
Mr. IIOWE. I desire to have the absentees
called.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin insists on his motion;
| and the Senator from Massachusetts moves
] that the Senate do now adjourn, which takes
I precedence of the motion of the Senator from
S Wisconsin.
! Mr. HOWE. I rise to a question of order.
I wish to know if when the Senate is dividing,
when the yeas and nays are being called, a
motion to adjourn is in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not
Mr. HOWE. I think there arc Senators in
