5358
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
An act (H. II. No. 2311) granting a pension
to Enoch Lytle;
An act (H. 11. No. 2363) to incorporate the
United States Freehold Land and Emigration
Company, and to confirm certain legislation
in Colorado Territory ;
An act (H. R. No. 1987) to define the duties
of pension agents, to prescribe the manner of
paying pensions, and for other purposes;
An aet(H. R. No. 353) authorizing the allow-
ance of the claim of the State of Minnesota to
lands for the support of a State university ;
An act (II. R. No. 1714) to revise and con-
solidate and amend the statutes relating to
patents and copyrights; and
An act (H. R. No. 2104) providing for refund-
ing the interest paid by the State of Massachu-
setts on money expended by her on account
of the war of 1812-15.
KATIKICATION Ob' AMIWUUUNTS.
Mr. BINGHAM, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back a bill (H. R. No. 915)
to regulate the mode of determining the ratifi-
cation of amendments to the Constitution of
the United States proposed by Congress, with
an amendment in the nature of a substitute.
The .SPEAKER. The substitute will be
reported.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out all after tlic enacting clause, and insert
Hio lollowing:
That whenever the Legislature of .111 y State shall
have ratified an amendment to tho Constitution of
the United States heretofore proposed, or which shall
be hereafter proposed, by Congress to tho Legisla-
tures of the several States for ratification, it shal I be
the duty of the Executive of such State so ratifying
to eei tii'y forthwith under the heal of such State such
rat ilication ;i ad the date thereof to the Secretary of
Stale oi the United States, "whose duty it shall be to
iiie and record the same in the Department of State.
Skc. 2. And be if further cnocteU, That in alj eabes
wherein official notice has been ftiven, or shall hero-
after be givon to, and has been or shall hereafter be
received, by the Secretary of Stale of tho United
States, that the Legislature of any State has ratified
any amendment heretofore proposed by Congress,
or which shall hereafter be proposed by Congress, to
tho Constitution of the United States, it shall be
unlawful forany officer of such State to certily there-
after any repeal of such amendment, unless an
amendment Tor the repeal thereof shall have been
first proposed by the Congress of tho United States,
or by a convention called by Congress lor proposing
amendments; and if such certificate of repeal be
made, said Secretary of State shall not receive or
make any record thereof in the Department of State,
but the same shall be void and of no effect.
SKC. 3. And be il further cimcled. That whoever, after
the Legislatures of three fourths of the States shall
have ratified any amendment to the Constitution of
the United States heretofore proposed, orwiuch shall
hereafter be proposed,by the Congress thereof, tdial)
do any act declaring the repeal, either hv color of
State legislation or of State ordinance, of any ratifi-
cation ol Mich amendment after the &auie shall have
been certified to the Secretary of State of the United
Stales, and before the Congress of the United States
shall have proposed an amendment providing for
the repeal thei oof, or a, convention called by Cou-
giess ior proposing amendments sha,llbave proposed
such amendment, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor,
and upon conviction thereof in any court of the Uni-
ted States having jurisdiction in the premises shall
be subject to imprisonment not less than one nor more
than ten years, or to ahneof not less than 62,000 nor
m.'ro than $10,000, or to both, in the discretion of the
court.
Ki:c. 4. Andbe ilfurther enacted, That all acts or parts
ol acts inconsistent herewith arc hereby icpealed.
Mr. BIMU-llAM. I movethe previous ques-
tion.
Mr. NIBLACK. I move to lay the bill 011
the table.
Mr. COX. I rise to a point of order. I
distinctly remember that when the House con-
sented io give this hour to the Committee on
the Judiuiaiy for the purpose of reporting bills
it was distinctly understood that the hour was
to be devoted to the current, business of the
committee, involving no politics.
Mr. BINGHAM. fj?lie gentleman has made
n most extraordinary statement, and I deny it
in ioto.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Sco-
1'iFi.i).) The Chair is aware of 110 nuch agree-
ment as is allo/red by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Cox.] Tho question is on the
motion of the fMitlonian "irom Indiana, [Mr.
Nibi.ack,j to inylhe hill on the table-
Mr, McNEELY. On that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and navs were ordered.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I ask to
have the bill again reported.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object.
Mr. McNEELY. If the bill is not allowed
to be read again before the vote is taken I shall
move that the House do now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Massachusetts does not insist on his objection
the substitute will be again reported.
The substitute was again read.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in tho negative—yeas 51, nays 129,
not voting 50; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Axtcll, Biggs, Bird, Booker,
James Brooks, Burr, Calkin, Cleveland, Conner. Cox,
Crebs. Dickinson, lOldridgo, Pox, (ietz, (irisvvold,
llaight, Ili'idoman, Haniill, Johnson, Thomas L.
Jonejs, Kerr, Knott, Lewis. Mayham, McCorimck,
McNeely.Miln 0?, Mungen, Niblack, Potter, Randall,
llccves, Rice, Rogers, Schumaker, Sherrod, Slocuin,
Joseph S. Smith, Slilcs, Stone, Sweeney. Trimble,
Van Auken. Voorhces, Wells, Eugene M. Wilson,
Winchester. Wood, and Woodward—51.
jMAVS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Armstrong, Ar-
nold Aspcr, Atwood. Bailey, Buiks, Bairy, Bentty,
Benjamin, Bennett. Benton, Bingham. Blair. Boles,
Ceorge M. Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Bulhnton, Uurcfo-
ard, Burdetl, Roderickll. Butler, Cessna, Churchill,
William T. Clark, Sidney Clarke. Amasa Cobb, Co-
burn, Congei.Cook, (Jovode.Cowles. Cullom, l>arrall,
Davis, Degener. Dickey, Donley, Duval, Dyer, Kla,
JOerriss, Ferry, Finkelnburg. Fisher, Fitch, Garfield,
Cillillati, Hale, Hamilton. Harris, liawley, Hay,
llavs, lieflm, iiill.Ji.oar, lngersoll, Jenekes, Judd,
Julian, Kellogg, ICelsey, Ketcham, Knapp, La^h,
Lawrence. Loughridse, Lynch,Maynard, McCarthy,
McCrary, McGrew, MeKonzie, Mcrcur, Eliakim II.
Moore, William Moore, Morpliis, Myers. .Ncgley,
O'Neill, Orth, Packard, Packer, Paine, Peek, Peters,
Phelps, Poland, Porter, Prosser. Roots, Sanford,
Sargent, Sawyer, Scofield,Shanks, Lionol A. Sheldon,
Porter Sheldon. John A. Smith, William J. Smith,
Worthington C. Smith, William Smyth, Stark-
weather, Stevenson, Stokes, Stoughton, Strong,
Tall'e, Tanner, Taylor, Tillman,Townsend, Twichell,
Tynor, Upson, Van Horn, Wallace, Ward, Cadwala-
der C. Washburn, William B. Washburn, Wolker,
Wheeler, WhUmore, Wilkinson. Willard, Williams,
and Wirians—120.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Ayer, Bar-
num.Beaman, Beck, Bowen.Boyd, Benjamin F. But-
ler, Cake, Clinton L. Cobb, Dawes, Dixon, Dockery,
Dox, Farnsworth. Gibson, Hambleton, Hawkins,
Hoge, JJolman, Hooper, ilotchkiss, Alexander II.
Jones, Kelley, Laflm, Logan. Marshall, Mclvee,
Jesse II. Moore, Morgan, Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel
P. Morrill, Morrissey, Newsham, Palmer, Perce,
Piatt, Pomeroy, Iiidgway, Schenck.Shober, Stevens,
Strader, Strickland, Swann, Van Trump, Van Wyck,
John T. Wilson, and Witch.or—50.
So tho motion to lay the bill on the table
was not agreed to.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the House
now adjourn.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that the rules be
suspended, the substitute for this bill adopted,
and the bill, so amended, passed.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Bingham,] that the rules be suspended and
this bill passed.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I made the motion to
adjourn before the gentleman from Ohio made
his motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair recognized
the gentleman from Ohio to make his motion.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 know it; but I claim
that I should have been recognized to make
my motion.
The SPEAKER. The rule is very distinct
that the gentleman having charge of a measure
before tho House is entitled to be first recog-
nized by the Chair, even should another gen-
tleman first rise and address the Chair.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hold that is not the
' rule.
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules that it is.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I know the Chair rules
so, but it is not the rule.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
rule, and the Chair asks the particular atten-
tion of the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Elduidge] to it as it is read.
The Clerk read as follows :
jj "By pajliamontary courtesy, llu- member upon
11 wTio^e motion a, Mibjofl is moughf }<* kno th  [!oti*o
i! is /ii^f eui-'tl'-d to the Door. So,^on. it is au iuvi'im-
ble. practice for the Speaker, at every new stage of
a bill or proposition, to recognize first the member
who has had charge of it, even if another member
addressed him first: Provided, lie is a competitor
for tho floor."
Mr. ELDRIDGE. That rule does notapplj
to this ease.
The SPliAKER. The Chair declines to
hear anything more upon the subject. The
question is on the motion to suspend the rules
and pass the bill.
Mr. McNEELY. I move that the House
now adjourn.
Mr. WOODWARD. Before the question
is put 011 that motion, I ask the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Bikgham] to allow me five
minutes. I ask it as a right to my constituents,
and particularly because I have here some his-
torical reminiscences, connected with the State
of Ohio, to which 1 wish to call the attention
of the gentleman.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I want to say that there
never was a more i ufernal proposition presented
in this House.
Mr. STEVENSON. I object to the gentle-
man proceeding in that way.
Mr. BINGHAM. The motion 1 originally
made for tho previous question gave roe an
hour for debate. But I was interrupted by a
motion to lay the bill on the table. I would
have been glad to yield to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Woodward] for five or ten
minutes.
Mr. COX. The gentleman called the pre-
vious question before there was any opportu-
nity for debate.
Mr. BINGHAM. I would have been enti-
tled to an hour after the previous question was
seconded. I did not desire to delay the House
unnecessarily, and therefore called the pre-
vious question, so as to limit the debate to one
hour. And I certainly would not have hesi-
tated to give five or ten minutes to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania to state his objections
to this bill. And I will do so now if 
The SPEAKER. It requires unanimous
consent, pending the motion to suspend the
rules.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am willing t.o yield to
the gentleman for five minutes, and then take
five minutes myself to reply, if by so doing I
shall not lose my right to the floor.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. And I claim five minutes
as a member of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
The SPEAKER. It
consent.
Mr. IvELSEY. I object.
Tho SPEAKER. The first question is upon
the motion of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
McNeely,] that the House now adjourn.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. On that question I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays wore ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the negative—yeas 40, uays 1-1,
not voting t)U; as follows:
YKAS—Messrs. Archer, Bock, Biggs, Bird, Jaines
requires unanimous
Cor;)iiek, i\I;jNcc;!y, M'n^in, Niblack, Poiter, K.in-
ciaU. jaGeves, Rico, Sherrod. Sloeum, J oseph SS. .Smith,
btilos. btonc, Van Auken, Voorhees, Eugene M. Wil-
son Winchester, Wood, and "Woodward—10.
lirooks
dett,
Cessi
Atoa     
Cre'rxs CallouxUarrjfl, bouU-y. Duv.il, Dyer, Da!
£ erriss, _b en j'. Finkeliibiu i.;. Fhiu i\ 1 vcn, GiStUian,
itato. Ilarrw, Hawkins, ilawley, iluy, iloiun,
llojr, xn?er>o!l, J eni-liu-s. Johnson, Jiollosc^,
ko soy.kDteliain. Knayp.LaA, Mayn n.i, Oarihy,
Mc(,re\v,AIekee. MoIvc:i/,.e, Mercur.M ,lm^ Kliakuu
il. ivioore, J esse_U. Jioore, '.Villhim Aiooie. JMorpais,
layers, O Neill.Orlh, Packard, iVcker. I'almorJ'eek.
r. Roots-*, .Saw-
John A. Smith.
Siiui {j, Wiiitam
Perce. Peters, iJhcl[>s. j>K)v
yer;Se°field,Shanks. PorierSholdi-i
William .J. Mnuh, Woriluusjton V
Smvtls, Shirk weal hor, ^icvru.-. Sh .    
R"U«rlMun, Mriek! inJ, Sir^n'u 'J'I m «M
'vVV Tynef, V\>s-nu
U W... Waliuri' H p-'i, Wiliumi 15. Wa^Ubuin, VU
