18T0.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
567
41st Gong....2d Sess.
Louisiana Contested Election—Mr. Stevenson.
Ho. of Beps.
that it was strangers from New Orleans and from
ouior placcs, and some negroes have stated tbatthey
could nut tlieir finser upon the men who did it; but
upon investigation they find these statements to be
utterly false and unfounded.
" Wo have no idea of the roal perpetrators of the
crime; but from appearances we conclude that it
mu-sf have been so well planned and so completely
executed as to defy investigation."—Planters' Ban-
ner, October 24, 1868.
"Wf.kr they Kxkmjx?—Some of our citizens
believe, and not without very good cause, tliat a
ulub of Ivukluxes has lately been established in this
oarish, or the parish of St. Martin, and that the
terrible event of last Saturday night was their first
blow struck in this section of the eitale."—Planters'
J)annei\ October 24, 18<>S.
Yet iii the face of this testimony, and much
more the gentleman from Indiana says there
is no evidence that those officers were killed
by Democrats. Perhaps the gentleman thinks
they committed suicide. Other assertions and
assumptions are equally unfounded and con-
trary to evidence. The gentleman asserts that
(here was general peace and quiet in the dis-
puted parishes, save temporarily during excep-
tional riots or solitary acts of irresponsible
outlaws. And he denies that there was any
open or actual violence or intimidation any-
where in the district ou the day of election.
Testimony additional (q that already cited in opening—
Men, taken from jail and killed.
''New Orl J5,iX"S, June 3,1S69.
"Joseph Gradn^y (colored) sworn and examined
on behalf of Mr. DarroJI,
"To Mr. rfr/i\"j:.v.sox."
" I reside in the town of "Washington, in the parish
of .St. Landry. I was there when the Opelousas riot
occurred. I heard the_news that they were fighting
hi Opelousas; and as I hca*& that they wore going
Co mob ail the colored people there 1 wanted to see
my relatives before they were Killed, and I and my
brother and two others were making1 our way to Ope-
lousas when we wereeaptuved and thought into Ope-
lousas. We were captured by Captain Como, awhite
man. I had my gun with me. None of the rest of
them were armed. The party consisted of myself
and my brother and two young men who were going
to work in a brick-yard at Opelousas. I was the only
one who had a gun, and I did not have it with the
intonijon of hurting any one. It was about three
o'clock in the eveningwhen they arrested us. They
took my gun away fiomine, and they brought us ail
*o Opelousas. On our way there a gentleman, who
lives near the place whore we were captured, was
coming from Opelousas, and he told the gentlemen
who bad us that there were about fifteen or sixteen
men killed and wounded ill Opelousas. He was asked
whether any white man was killed or wounded, and
he said that Ciptain Mayo, awhite man, was wound-
ed. As we went on to the town wc were met by an-
other person who asked Captain Como, 'Who have
you got there?' He icplied, 'Wc have got four
grand rascals.' The other said, 'Captain Mayo has
been wounded; why should you not kill one of those
fellows to pay for his wound?' II o said, 'Ye?, kill
one or two oi them, if you like to.' Then Captain
Como paid he would take pity on ns and not kill us.
"lietook us into town. Colonel Thompsonspokoto
liim and said that he did not want them to bring in
any prisoners, and that ho wanted them to kill every-
thing that was captured. We were putinto jail and
stayed there two days. There were plenty oi other
colored men in thejaii. Xnlhecoll wnerelwastheio
were len besides me andmy brother, idid not go to
pee how many there were in the other cells. Next
insbtthey took us out and put us into a bi£ yard.
There v,'ere twenty-nine of us, about, in this yard, of
tuloied men. That, ramo mght we were taken down
oni of the prison, between ten and eleven o'clock,
and brought down stairs. My name was (he
railed, and then my brother's, and w<  were brought
in Jhe load of thc-emcn downstairs. Wewcrecailod
by Mr. Solomon Loeb, who was captain or the 8ey-
niourKnights in Opelousas. He came up and called
down staiis, and marched u? down into tho ' 00111.
Their gun-: were all cocked and teady for us, so chat
if wc made an effort to getaway tliev could stop us.
I cannot cay how many of these men there were
thon\ There were thirty or forty 011 guard over us.
They were all white men, and they were all well
ai mcd. I looked at them as I came down stairs. Tho
moon was shining as brighta.3 any caudle-light could
thine. I saw thojailorm the evening. A gentleman
i-inn1 there and got the key out of his hand. I saw
M.. Perrodtn, the deputy sheriff, there. lie is tho
: :.in who Wok me out of tho crowd of the other men.
lie took ine and my brother out of the gang and
jaarehed us to the back port of the jail.
' (x)u< tfton.. Could Peirodm sco those persons who
t i.Wi tin re for you ?
Ycs.sii; they wore all standing when be
took me and my brother. He did not speak to any
oi (hem. , . ,
"Question. How many men were taken down with
^ ' .i,i%wer, Ten men, counting mo and my brother,
y«"i • tak« n down at the time out ot one How
m-m> I he 1 e were taken akenvard i cannot say.
"Question. W ero they taken out after ward the same
way ?
"Answer. Yes, sir. The gentleman, Mr. Perrodin,
told ine that they would be taken out in the same
way. Ho took us around in front of the court-house,
and in a short time afterward we heard another vol-
ley, the same as I heard when I was first taken out.
That, I suppose, was about an hour or so afterward.
It was just about the time that they would have had
time to walk half a miie and back.
"Question. While you prisoners wero all thero
together in the back yard did you see Mr. Perrodin
about there? r
"Answer. No, sir; I saw Mr. Loeb there, tho cap-
tain of tho Seymour Knights. He was there in the
evening about four o'clock. He took tho jailor and
spoke to him. He told him he wanted the key at a
certain hour. I could not understand exactly the
time, but he told him to keep himself handy, as he
wanted tho key at that time.
"Question. Bid you overgo to see the bodies of thoso
men who were shot?
"Answer. No, sir; I never went to look at them,
but when I was on my way back, the second day.
returning from Opelousas, I saw a man on the other
side of the bridge, about a hundred yards from the
road, killed. lie wns a man with whom I was very
well acquainted. His name was Victor Dauphin, a
colored man. I do not know who raurdered him.
There was a young fellow fioni Taylor's, planta-
tion who was brought into town in the daytime.
During the night he was taken out and brought out-
side of the town on the edge ot the wood, and mur-
dered there. That young boy was named Flander.
1 knew him bv his clothes and by his look. I sat 011
tho coroner's jury myself that held an inquest over
him.
"Question. From the best information you could
get, how many colored people were killed in those
riots on that day ?
"Answer. 1 cannot exactly say, but X havercceived
statements from many who were wiser than I was,
and who knew a heap more than me. The next day,
while I was coming from Opelousas to Washington,
Dr. Little asked meif I had anyideahow many col-
ored people were destroyed. I said no. Ho told me
that we were the cause of it, and that at the least
calculation there were over two hundred killed within
a distance often miles. Captain Como, the man who
arrested me, said he was very sorry lie had forgiven
me, because he thought he might have left himself
in danger by forgiving me; and that he was sorry he
had not killed nie when ho had me.
"Question. How many do you think were killed?
"Answer. From tho best information X can get, I
judge that about two hundred men were killed
around the parish. I am certain that there were
men killed all around the parish. There were some
killed out on tho prairie, and their bodies lay thero
until last April. I have seen the bodies of a couple
of them there myself.
"Question. What was tho feeling among tho colored
people after that as to their own safety?
"Answer. There were no hope* for anv safety at
all. There were threats made that those who did not
join the Democratic parly and did not act with it
would have to mind the consequences after the elec-
tion, Those who were registered, and who were sus-
pected by the Democrats, had to give their legisla-
tion papers to men who were sure not to go back
upon them. My own ticket was taken from me and
given to a Democratic negro of the name of Jim Har-
vey. I was oidered by (icorge Robinson to givo it to
him, because he was a truer man to the party than I
was, as there was no confidence to bo placed m mc.
"Question. What ticket did you vote?
"Answer. I voted the Democratic ticket for life's
sake, but it was not my desire to do so, This negro
who got iny registration paper voted the Democratic
ticker, lie has been always considered a Democrat
since X knew him."
" F. Perrodm, deputy sheriff;
"Question. Don't you know thatsome colored men
were taken from thejaii and shot ?
".1 nswer. That is ille report.
Question. Wero you not thero?
"Answer. If I was thero X don't think there is any
law to make me say X shot the men or to criminate
myself.
"Question. X did not a«k you that: but I will ask
you, did you shoot any of these men ?
"J iitiwer. X did not.
"Question. Do you know that they were shot?
"Answer. I was there when they were taken out;
X was t here with the jailer. There was acrowdcamo
and took t hem out.
"Question. Wero they white men or black men that
came?
'Mn-wer. Icannotsay.
" Question. Wei u they disguised?
"Answer. Itwusinthe nighttime; theyernncthere
as uiti'/^ns and demanded tho prisoners whom they
had brought. «
"Quest ton. Wero thev disguised ?
"Answer. They had hats on; I could notseo their
faces.
"Question. Could not you tell whether they were
white or black men.
'Vins>«/\ No, sir.
"Question. Who had brought the prisoners there?
"Answer. I could not tell. ,
"Question. Ilave vou never heard who they were?
No, fir; I didn't inquire. They were 1]
brought there by some citizens. ii
"Question. White or black?
Ansioer. I could not say, because I didn't see
them.
" Question. Have you any impression as to whether
they were white or black?
"Answer. I may tell you-what I think; they wero
white and black along with them.
* Question. Don't you know that these men were
shot afterward?
"t Answer. I don't know it.
*''Question. Wero you not so informed?
Answer. It was so reported, but a great many
tmngs wore reported.
"Question. How many were thero?
^Answer. I could not tell you.
^Question. Didn't you see them como out?
Answer. Yes; but it was night.
"By Mr. Kerr:
"Question. Do you know by whom these negroes
were taken out of this jail?
*'Answer. No, sir.
y Question. Do you know, in fact, what was dono
with these men?
'Answer. No, sir; I never saw them afterward.
Question. Were these men put in jail ou any pro-
cess, or had they just been put in there by tho cit-
izens ?
"Ansioer. Yes, sir; from what I understood, by tho
citizens.
" F>y Mr. Stevenson:
"'Question. These men who wero in jail were tho
persons captured at the time of this riot?
"Answer. It seems so. I was not there whon they
were, brought in. To the best of iny information,
there were live or six white men wounded and some
twenty-three negroes killed or wounded."
No "punishment.
y Question. Did you hear of any white men being
kilh«d ?
^viviswer. In that skirmish ? No, sir.
"Question. I mean in that riot.
I heard of one man who ran away, Em-
erson Bentlcy, who disappeared—I don't know if I10
was killed or not.
"Question. Do you know how many negroes woro
killed ?
"Answer. No, sir.
"tQuestion. What was the estimate up there?
"Answer. I never heard any estimate.
"Question. Has the matter never been talked of
between you deputy sheriffs up there?
"Answer. Yes, sir; of course, each one wondered
how many had been killed, but no information was
received.
"Question. Have you arrested any white Democrats
up there on account of that riot?
"Answer. No, sir; no warrants wero handed to me.
'Question. AVas anybody punished on account of it,
on a civil process?
"Ansioer. No, sir; nobody. Thero was an investi-
gation which lasted several days in Opelousas, by
some United States officer.
"Question. Was that not a Frcedmen's Bureau
investigation ?
"Ansioer. I don't know who he was. Thenlbelittvo
Captain Hooker came there also.
"Question. "What was the result of their investiga-
tion ; did they find out who were guilty?
"Anstocr. I cannot tell you what was the conclu-
sion of the investigation."
"Question. When you went to the house of Mr.
Amrein, did you go on purpose, or were you just pass-
ing by ?
"Answer. I was going to Grand Coteau. My curios-
ity was to know if he had fled. I told the boys I
wondered if ho was there. I went there with some
young men and spoke to Mr. Amrein. Xfe thon told
mo about his child being buried, and he was about
going off when a man who had a personal quarrel
with htm wanted to curse him, but I took this young
man away.
"Question. Did not they demand his arms?
I think they did, but Mr. Amrein said
he had no arms on the place.
"Question. Dirt you not go for the purpose of mo-
lesting or injuring him ?
"Answer. No, sn*^ because if I had had that idea
I would have dono it.
"Question. Have 3rou not told Mr. Amrein since
then, heio in this city, that you went there for the
purpose of killing him?
"Answer. I met Mr. Amrein in a beer saloon. lie
said that he had lui't tiio parish because he was in
danger of his life. X told lnm everything was quiet
alicrward, mid that I v^ould have killed him right
there if 1 had thought he would have brought 011 any
other trouble. I asked him why he left, because if
he was to have been la! led I could have done it with
the men I had vciy easily.
"Question. Did not you tell him you came there
for J iie purpo.-c of killing him ?
"An/hoet. X may have done so: but if Mr. Amrein
is called he will state tho condition X was in at the
time.
"Question. I>id not you tell himyou went there for
the purpose ot killing hiui >
"Answer. Perhaps I did; because when I met him
Iwas^urunk. There wero two gentlemen with me.
X don't deny that X may have told him that.
"Question. Are you in the habit of telling false-
hoods whon vou aic drunk?
X cannot say what I may have said when
drunk.
