1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5357.
ker. Wells, Wheeler, Whitmore, Willard, Williams,
and Winans—121.'
NOT VOTING— Messrs. Adams, Asper, Axlell,
Ayer, Banks, Barniun, Beaman, Beatty, Bowen,
Boyd, Calkin, Clinton L.Cobb, Davis, Dawes, Dege-
ner. Dickey, Dixon, Dockery, Dox, Farnswortli,
(riu-fiold, Gibson, Ilnmbleton, Hamilton, Hill, Hoge,
Holman. Hooper, llotchkiss, Alexander II. Jones,
Julian. Kelley, Lailin, Lawrence, Logan, Lough-
j a>;o, Lynch, Marshall, Mayhain. McCraiy, Daniel
J. Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey, Mungen,
Nt.-giey, New-sham, Paine, Piatt, Poland, Pomeioy,
Ridgwav. Rogers, Sanlord, Sargent, Schenek, Schu-
niakcr, Lionel A. Sheldon, Shober, Strader, Swann,
Svceeney, T.iti'e, Tillman, Van Horn, Van Trump,
Cadwalador C. Washburn, Wilkinson, John T. Wil-
son, and Witcher—69.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
Daring the roll-call,
Mr. LAWRENCE said: On this bill I am
paired with the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Marshall,] who is opposed to the bill, while 1
am in favor of it.
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on
the motion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Binoiiam,] to suspend the rules in order to agree
to the substitute, and pass the bill as amended.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Let us liave the yeas
and nays. This is one of the most infernal
measures ever brought before the House.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask that the bill be
reported.
The SPEAKER. The motion is to suspend
the rules in order to bring the House to an
immediate vote; and the bill cannot be reported
without unanimous consent. It lias already
been read twice.
Mr. 15LI) RIDGE. I ask the House to allow
the bill to be again read.
Mr. CULLOM. I object.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 venture to say that the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Cullom,] who
objects, cannot tell what the provisions of the
bill are.
The question was taken; and there were—
ayes 181), noes 54, not voting 46; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison. Ambler, Ames, Armstrong,
Arnell, Asper, Atwood, Bailey, Barry, Beatty, Ben-
jamin, Bennett, Benton, Bingham, Blair, Boles,
George Al. Brooks, Buckley! Buihnton, Burehard,
Burdett, Benjamin ll. Butler, Roderick It. Butler,
(..'ike. Cessna, Churchill, William T. Clark, Sidney
Clarke, Amasn, Cohb, Oobnrn, Conger, Cook, Cowles,
Cullom, Darrall, Davis, Dawes, Deg-ener, Dickey,
Donley, Duval, Dyer, Ela, Ferriss, Finkelnburg,
Fisher, Fitch. G-arlield, Giliillan, Hale, Hamilton,
Harris, Hawley, Hay, Hays, Ileflm, Iliil, Iloar,
Jcnekes, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kelsey, Ketchain,
Knapp, Lash, Loughridge, Lynch, Maynard, McCar-
thy, Mc-Crary, MeGrew,McKee, MeKenzie, Mereur,
Ehakun II. Moore. Jesse H. Moore, William Moore,
Myers, Ncgley, O'Neill, Orth, Packard, Paine,
Palmer, Peek, Perec, Peters, Phelps, Poland, Porter,
Prosscr, Hoots, Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer, Scofleld,
Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, John
A. Smith, William J. Smith, Woi thington C. Smith,
William Smyih, Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson,
Stokes, Stoughton, Strickland, Strong, Tanner, Tay-
lor, Tillman, Townsend, Twichell, Tyner.Upson.Van
Wyck, Wallace, Ward, Cadwaladcr C. Washburn,
William B.Washburn. Wei ker. Wheelor.Whitmore,
Williinl,Williams, John T.Wilson, and Winans—130.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Beck, Biggs,Biid, Booker,
James Brooks,Burr, Calkin, Cleveland,Conner, Cox,
Crebs, Dickinson, Eldridge, Fox, Getz, Griswold,
Haiglit, Haldeman, llamill, Hawkins, Johnson,
Thomas L. Jones. Kerr, Knott, Lewis, Maykam,
MeCormiek, MoNeely, Milnes, Morgan, Mungen,
Niblack, Potter, Randall, Reeves, Bice, Rogers,
Schuniaker, Sherrod, Slocum, Joseih S. Smith,
Stiles, Stone, Swann, Sweeney, Trimble,Van Auken,
Voorhees, Wells, Eugene M. Wilson, Winchester,
Wood, ami Woodward— 54.
NOT VOTING- — Messrs. Adams, Axtell, Ayer,
Banks, Barnutn, Beaman, liowon, Boyd, Buck. Clin-
ton L. Cobb, Covode, Dixon, Dockery, Dox, Earns-
Yv.irth, Ferry, Gibson, Hamoleton, Hoge, Holman,
Hooper, llotchkiss, Ingersoll, Alexander II. Jones,
 ok, Shober, Strader, Tail'e, Van Horn, Van
'trump, Wilkinson, and Witcher—46.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
mles were suspended; and the bill, as amended
bv the adoption of the substitute, was passed.
"Mr. BINGHAM. Before proceeding to pre-
sent further reports from the committee, I wish
to say that! deeply regret the utterance of any
language which may have seemed harsh or
offensi ve toward the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Cox,] for whom I have great personal
respect.
Mr. WOODWARD. As we have had no
opportunity for the discussion of the bill just
passed, I ask leave to have published in the
Globe the remarks I would have made upon the
subject if I had had the opportunity.
Leave was granted. [See Appendix.]
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they bad examined
and found truly enrolled bills and joint resolu-
tions of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 781) making appropria-
tions for the payment of invalid and other pen-
sions of the United States for the year ending
June 30, 1871;
An act (H. li. No. 1828) making appropria-
tions for the service of the Post Office Depart-
ment during the fiscal year euding June 30,
1871;
An act (H. R. No. 1883) making appropria-
tions for the construction, preservation, and
repairs of certain fortifications and other works
of defense for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1871;
An act (H. R. No. 2241) for the relief of
heirs of William Eddy, deceased;
An act (II. II. No. 2353) to create a port of
delivery atDuluth, Minnesota-,
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 290) author-
izing the improvement of the grounds owned
by the United States in the city of Buffalo, New
York, known as Fort Porter; and
A joint resolution (H. li. No. 305) concern-
ing arsenal grounds at St. Louis, Missouri.
Mr. NEGLEY, from the same committee,
reported that they had examined and found
tiuly enrolled bills of the following titles ; when
the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 378) to provide for the re-
demption of the three per cent, temporary
loan certificates and for an increase of national
bank notes; and
A bill (S. No. 47G) to fix the status of cer-
tain Federal soldiers enlisting in the Union
Army from the States of Alabama and Florida.
RESIGNATION OF UNITED STATES JUDGES.
Mr. BINGHAM, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, reported back a bill (H. R. No.
1605) to authorize the President to accept the
resignation of judges of any court of the United
States, with a substitute.
The bill was read. It provides that the
President is hereby authorized and empowered
to accept the resignation of any judge of any
court of the United States who shall have held
his commission as such for not less than seven
years, and who shall have attained the age of
sixty-five years, upon the same terms and con-
ditions contained in the fifth section of the act
of Congress approved April 10,1869, whenever
satisfactory proof shall be laid before him that
such judge is, from physical or other infirm-
ity, permanently disabled from performing
efficiently the duties of his said office.
The substitute, whichwasread, providesthat
the President is hereby authorized and empow-
ered to accept the resignation of any judge of
any court of the United States who shall have
held his commission as such for not less than
ten years, whenever satisfactory proof shall be
laid before him that such judge is, from phys-
ical or other infirmity, permanently disabled
from performing efficiently the duties of his
office ; provided that the judge whose resig-
nation shall be so accepted shall thereafter,
during the residue of his natural life, receive
the same salary which was by law payable to
him at the time of his resignation; provided fur-
ther, that nothing in this act, or in any other
act contained, shall be authorized to extend
to any judge other than a judge the tenure of
whose office is during good behavior.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the,
main question ordered.
The substitute was agreed to. '
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; ami being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
The question recurred on the passage of the
bill.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
65, noes'46.
Mr. COBB, ,of Wisconsin, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Cobb, of Wis-
consin, and Mr. Bingham were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 82, noes 36.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. BINGHAM moved-to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. DICKEY moved tliat the House do now
adjourn.
The House divided; and there were—-ayes
95, noes 30.
Mr. CONGER demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 55, nays 112, not voting
03; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Archer, Bailey, Beatty,
Blair, J runes Brooks, Buck, Cowles, Crebs, Cullom,
Dickey, Eldridge, Finkelnburg, Fox, Gei , Haight,
Kamjll, Hawkins, Hawley, Hay, Hays, Johnson,
Thomas L. Jones. Marshall, McCarthy, McCormick,
McNeely,Milnes, Morgan, Mungen, Negley,Randall,
Rice, Rogors, Sari ford, Schumakor, Porter Sheldon,
Shorrod. John A. Smith, Stevenson, Stiles, Stokes.
Stone, Talfe, Tillman. Trimble, Van Auken, Van
Wyck.Welker.Wells, Willard, Williams. Eugene M.
Wilyon, Winchester, a.nd Woodward—55.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ames,Armstrong,
Arnell, Asper, Atwood, Barry, Beck, Benjamin,
Benton, Biggs, Bingham, Bird, Boles, Booker, Buck-
ley, BuiTmton, Burchard, Burdett, Benjamin F. But-
ler, Roderick R. Butler, Cake, Calkin, Cessna,
Churchill, William T. Clark, Sidney Clarke, Ainasa
Cobb, Cob urn. Conger, Cook, Davis Dawes, Degener,
Dickinson, Donley, Duval, Dyer, Ela, Ferriss, Ferry,
Fisher, Fitch, Garfield, Giliillan, tJriswold, Hamil-
ton, Harris, Iloar, IngersolL Jenckes. Judd, Julian,
Kelley. Kellogg, Kehcy. Ketcham, Knapp, Knott,
Lash, Lawrence, Lewis, Logan, Loughridge, Lynch,
Mayham, Maynard, MeCraiy, MeCrrew, MeKenzie,
Mereur, Eliakim H, Moore, William Moore, Myers,
O'Neill,Orth,Packard, Palmer, Peek, Peters, Phelps,
Porter, Potter, Prossor, Reeves, Roots, Sawyer,
Selienck. Scofield, Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, Slo-
cum, William J. Smith, William Smyth, Stark-
weather, Stevens, Stoughton, Strickland, Strong,
Tanner, Townsend, Twicheli, Tyner, Upson. Voor-
hees, Wallace, Cndwalader C. Washbarn, William
B. Washburn, Whitmoro, John T. Wilson, and
Winans—112.
NOT VOTING-Messrs. Axtell, Aycr. Banks,
Barnum, Beaman, Bennett, Bowon, Boyd, George
M. Brooks, Burr, Cleveland, Clinton L. Cobb,
Conner, Covode, Cox, Darrall,Dixon, Dockcry, Dox,
Farnsworth, Gibson, Haldeman, Hale, Hambleton,
Heflin, Hill, Hoge, Holman, Hooper. Hotchkiss,
Alexander H. Jones, Kerr, Lailin, McKcc, Jesso
H. Moore. Morpliis, Daniel J. Morrell, Sanmel P.
Morrill. Morrissey, Newshain. Niblack, Packer.
Paine, Perec, Piatt, Poland, Pomeroy, Ridgway,
Sargent, Shober, Joseph S. Smith. Worthinglon C.
Smith, Strader, Swann, Sweeney, Taylor. Van Horn,
Van Trump, Ward, Wheeler, Wilkinson, Witcher,
and Wood—63.
So the House refused to adjourn. -
COTTON CLAlSlS.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am instructed by the
Committee on the Judiciary to report back,
with the recommendation that it do pass, the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 340) authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay certain
cotton claims, the net proceeds of which are
at present, covered into the Treasuiy, arising
from the sales of cotton unlawfully seized after
the 30th June, 18G5.
The joint, resolution was read. The pream-
ble recites that the Secretary of the Treasury
of the United States issued a circular letter of
instructions, bearing date June 27, 1865, in
which United States Treasury agents were for-
bidden to seize any cotton after the 30th June,
18G5. The joint resolution therefore directs
the Secretary of the Treasury, without delay,
to pay to the lawful owners the netproceeds of
