3470
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
doing. All of ns do not always know, not
having looked into the subject. I will state, if
the Committee of the Whole will regard what
I say, just what the effect is in reference to the
present duty, and they will see what is pro-
posed on each of these different articles. The
present rate on dates is 2 cents per pound, the
same as proposed in the bill. On Zante cur-
rants, and prunes, and plums, the present duty
is 5 cents per pound. We propose, as none
of them are produced in this country, to lower
the whole one half, so as to make the duty 2J-
cents per pound. Zante currants are the only
commodity in which Greece, a country with
which we are at peace, deals with us. There
are large quantities of Zante currants imported,
and the duty now is high in regard to the value
of the article, amounting almost to 100 per
cent. What are called Zante currants are
not exactly currants, but a sort of small grape,
growing in clusters, and which, when shelled
off from the stem and imported, look like what
We would call dried currants. They have thus
obtained the name of currants, and are known
in commerce as Zante currants. On them, as
I have said, we have taken off one half of the
duty. On raisins and figs the present duty is 5
cents per pound, and we have reduced it to 3
cents per pound. On dried apples, dried
peaches, ana other dried fruits the presentduty
is 10 per cent. I do not know what it is when
made to a specific duty ; but we have in the bill
put them all on a specific duty of 3 cents per
pound. Here alone is where we meetwithany-
tliing which we produce ourselves. We do pro-
duce in large qnantities dried apples, dried
peaches, and some other dried fruits, such as
dried whortleberries, in which the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] takes an
interest. [Laughter. J Taking the whole par-
agraph, we have considerably reduced the duty
with a view of bringing these things not pro-
duced in this country within the reach of our
people who wish to use them. We believe we
put the duty high enough when we put it at 3
cents per pound on dried apples and dried
peaches, which are produced in this country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ASPER. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out " 1" and inserting "4."
I protest in the interest of revenue against the
proposed reduction of duty on these articles,
from which during the lastfiscalyearwereceived
a revenue of $2,538,423 91. The committee,
however, have added to the list, as it now stands
in the existing tariff, "dried apples, dried
peaches, and other dried fruits." These dried
apples, dried peaches, and dried fruits, which
we raise in this country and manufacture here,.
I think should be stricken out from the para-
graph, so that it shall include simply these
articles which are imported and which, we do
not raise in this country. And it seems to me
that if we make the duty 4 cents—the present
duty beiug 5 cents—we shall still have a slight
reduction, and we will have nearly as much
revenue as we have now, and perhaps, by an in-
crease of importation, quite as large a revenue.
These are articles which are only to be found
on the tables of the rich and wealthy. The
fig, the raisin, the currant, &c., are luxuries
used by the rich. And, I ask, are you going
to reduce the duty on these articles V Are you
going to take from them the taxation which is
necessary for revenue and place it on articles
which enter into the consumption of the family
of every poor man in the land ? it seems to ine
that if we are going to raise revenue, if that is
the object to be kept in view in the provisions
ofthis bill, then we ought, asa matter of course,
to keep the duty on these articles nearer the
amount it now is than the Committee of Ways
and Means have proposed. We know how
much the present rate will produce. We know
that it runs up into the millions, and we ought
to endeavor to keep the revenue from such
articles at the same figure. I am in favor of
having the daty fixed at 4 cents, and then, if
the committee agree with me, we can strike
out "dried apples, dried peaches, and other
dried fruits" from the paragraph.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 should like to close
debate on this paragraph ; but as 1 see that my
friend from Arkansas [Mr. Rogers] desires
the floor, I shall yield to him.
Mr. ROGERS. Mr. Chairman, I agree with
the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Asper] that
these tropical fruits should be taxed at the
rate he proposed, of 4 cents per pound. I de-
sire,, however, to strike out from the paragraph
"dried apples" and "dried peaches," these
being staple articles used by the great mass of
the people of the country, and not being im-
ported into this country, as I understand, or
if they are imported, only in very limited quan-
tities. Therefore, the rate proposed to be put
upon them by the committee would, simply
amount to a prohibition upon the foreign im-
portation. 1 am not aware, however, that
dried fruits of this description are actually
imported into this country, and I would iuquire
of the chairman of the- Committee of Ways
and Means if such is the case?
Mr. SCHENCK. There is a small importa-
tion of dried apples. We found them in the
existing tariff, rated at 10 percent. We knew
that they were produced in this country, and
we desired to simplify the tariff by putting all
these articles together when we were proposiug
to lower the rates on these other articles which
are imported from the various countries which
produce them, being fruits which we do not
produce.
Now that I am up, I may mention that there
is a large importation of the articles included
in this paragraph. From Zante currants alone
last year more than one third of a million,
nearly $400,000 of duty were obtained—this
fruit beiug almost the'entire production of one
country, almost the only thing they produce
largely for exportation. We have abundance
of information from there, and are satisfied that
if you put the duty down one half, and make
it 2J cents instead of 5 cents, it will not only
not decrease the revenue, but will perhaps
increase it.
Mr. ROGERS. On -the explanation which
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means has given I am willing to accept the
rate of duty proposed by this bill on those arti-
cles. But I must insist that the rate on the
dried fruits which I have mentioned should be
reduced to 1 cent, or that those articles should
be stricken out from the paragraph altogether.
• Mr. SCHENCK. If the gentleman chooses
he can make a motion and let us have a vote
upon it. I move that all debate on this para-
graph do now cease.
The motion was agreed to.
The question was put on Mr. Asper's amend-
ment to the amendment, to strike out "1"
and insert " 4."
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment of
Mr. Rogers, to strike out " 3 " and insert " 1.".
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
On fruit juice, or fruits preserved in their own
juice, 25 per cent, ad valorem; preserved in spirits
or brandy, $2 per gallon; preserved in sugar or
molasses, and all other sweetmeats, 35 per cent, ad
valorem ; Provided, That all preserved fruits and
pickled fruits put up in jars, bottles, or other pack-
ages, shall pay duty on the cntiro cost, including
packages.
Mr. ASPER. I understood that there was an
amendment pending, moved by the gentleman
from Arkansas, [Mr. Rogers,] to strike out
the words "dried apples and dried peaches."
If that amend mentis not pendiug I now move it.
The CHAlRMAN. The gentleman's amend-
ment comes too late. The next paragraph has
been read. .
No amendment being offered to the para-
graph, the Clerk read the next paragraph, as
follows:
On potatoes, 15 cents per bushel.
Mr. PETERS. I move to amend by strik-
ing out " 15" and inserting" 25." The present
rate is 25 cents, and the Committee of Wavs
and Means have gone into a small-potato busi-
ness, to the injury of my State, in attempting to
reduce it to 15 cents per bushel. I wish to say
that the whole of this bill down to this item has
been in its imposition of rates substantially a
slap in the face and eyes to the interests of the
State of Maine, and that this is the first item,
in which any protection can be given to my
section of the country, of the items in which it
can receive under any circumstances protection
at all. I will say further that there is not an item
' in the whole range of the tariff in which my sec-
tion of the country has an interest on which
this bill does not lower the rate below what it
is in the existing tariff. Now, sir, the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means ask that the 25 cents
duty on potatoes shall be reduced to 15 cents.
These are the produce of New Brunswick and
the produce of Nova Scotia. And I put the
inquiry to this House in the first place, will
you strike down this duty for the benefit of the
people of New Brunswick and Nova Scotia who
were such bitter opponents of ours during the
war? Will you strike it down for the benefit
of those provinces which have upon their bor-
ders ships of war to keep off our humble fisher-
men from fishing along the shores, where they
have a right to fish according to the American
construction of the treaty of 1787? The argu-
ment before the committee, as I understand,
was this : that, the only way to get the annex-
ation of the provinces is by giving them this
soothing treatment in the form of rates of duty
under which they can introduce their produc-
tions into this country. Why, sir, we abrogated
reciprocity ; this House has pronounced against
it; the country has denounced it. And now are
you to restore it by pieces, first on this article,
then on another, and then on something else?
This is an important interest in the State of
Maine. The present tariff is not a prohibit-
ory one. We get $50,000 of revenue annually
from this article. We get more upon this item
than we do upon copper, and about the same
as we do upon lead. And this is an import-
ant question, because it enters into the race
of labor between the State of Maine—looking
at it from my Stand-point—and the provinces
adjacent to it. While our people are taxed
in all sorts of ways, the people there are not
heavily taxed ; and labor with us wants more
to live upon than labor in the provinces. Labor
with ns is intelligent, supports schools, sup-
ports churches, wears good clothes. But in
the neighboring provinces they do not care for
schools ; they hate taxation as the devil does
holy water, and care little about churches,
and still less about schools. And labor is a
good deal cheaper in the provinces of New
, Brunswick and Nova Scotia than it is in Maine,
i Now, while we pay all sorts of taxes, internal
and external, I would like to knowthepropriety
. of having the duty on this item of potatoes cut
down from 25 to 15 cents a bushel. Potatoes
with us are worth from 40 cents to $1 40 a
bushel, according to the year and to the time
of year. Here is where you touch the farm-
ers of Maine, if we have any farming there.
This is the only production of the farmers of
j Maine that is exported from the State of Maine
; to other States.
! Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That is
a mistake. How about hay?
j Mr. PETERS. I am not mistaken. We
' export very little hay. We buy more than we
export, and we buy it from the provinces.
We also buy wheat, oats, and barley from
: Canada and New Brunswick, on which you
have steadily increased the duties to-day. I
make this appeal for the poor, shriveled farm-
ers of Maine, [laughter,] because they are poor
indeed. We have not much wealth there.
What little we earn in Maine Boston sucks
out of us, [laughter;] and Boston is Massachu-
setts. I appeal to the House, on these consid-
[ erations, to keep the duty on potatoes at 25
cents a bushel.
