1682
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
An mot (H. li. No. 1097) tasking appropria-
tions to supply deficiencies in the appropriation 8
for the naval service for the year ending June i
30, 1S70, and for other purposes; and
An act \H. 11. No. 1204) making an appro-
priation to defray the expenses of witnesses in
the investigation of the Military Committee in
reference to the sale of cadetships.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
l'he motion was agreed to; and the House
(at four o'clock and five minutes p. m.) ad-
journed till Monday.
TKTITIONS, ETC.
The foilowiug petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. AS PER: The petition of W. II.
Murker, postmaster, and 20 others, citizens
of Blue Mound, Livingston county, Missouri,
askiug the abolition of the franking privilege, i
By Mr. BLAIR: The memorial of William
A. Butterand others, citizens of Detroit, Mich-
igan, in favor of a tariff upon strict revenue
piincipies and against protection.
By Mr. CLARKE: Concurrent resolutions
of the Legislature of the State of Kansas in
reference to the organization of colored troops
iu said State.
Also, concurrent resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of the State of Kansas in reference to a
grant of lands to the Preston, Saliua, and Den-
ver Railroad Company.
Also, resolutions of a public meeting of cit-
izens of Augusta, Kansas, in reference to a
grant of lands to the Prestou, Salina, and Den-
ver Railroad Company. *
By Mr. DONLEY: The petition of Rev.
John Brown and others, citizens of Knob,
Beaver county, Pennsylvania, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of John Hudson, post-
master, and othen, citizens of Greene county,
Pennsylvania, for the same purpose.
By Mr. DOX: The petition of E. C. Lnck,
postmaster at Guntersville, and others, citi-
zens of Marshall county, Alabama, asking for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
P.y Mr. DUVAL: A petition of the citizens
of Kanawha Station, West Virginia, praying
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. HAWLEY: The petition of E. H.
Johnston, esq., and 50 others, citizens of Rock
Island county, Illinois, praying Congress to
grant to Adam Zeigler and Lyaia, his wife, a
(tension, because of their patriotism in send-
ing seven of their sons to fight in the Army of
the Union in the late war, and because of the
present pecuniary necessities of said Zeigler
and wife.
By Mr. MEIICUR: A petition of 66 citi-
zens of New Albany, Bradford county, Penn-
sylvania, praying for the abolition of the frank- ,
ing privilege. !
Also, a petition of 6 citizens of Campbells- 1
ville, Sullivan county, Pennsylvania, praying
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. MORGAN: The petition of Mrs.
Ann G. Barker, widow of Captain Thomas
Barker, late of first United States infantry,
asking that her pension may be made to date
from the death of her husband.
By Mr. PHELPS: A petition from 86 citi-
zens of Butler county, Pennsylvania, to abolish
the franking privilege.
By Mr. POME ROY: The petition of R. P.
Furlong and 200 others, for relief to homestead
settler*.
By Mr. RANDALL: The petition of Eliza-
beth Oechslin, widow of Meinrad Oechslin,
late of company K, twenty-seventh Pennsyl-
vania volunteers, asking a pension.
By Mr. SCHENCK: A memorial and peti-
tion of the National Board of Trade of Bos-
ton, praying Congress to enact a marine ap-
prentice law as a means of restoring ocean
commerce to its former prosperity.
IN SENATE. !
Monday, February 28, 1870.
Prayer by the Rev. G. W. IIoubs, of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia.
l'he Journal of Friday last was read and
approved.
HOUSE 1ULLS UKKKUKKD.
The followiug bills, received from the House
of Representatives on b'ridav lust, were sev-
erally read twice by their titles, and referred
to the Committee on Pensions:
A bill (H. R. No. 1338) granting a pension
to Martha Davis;
A bill (H. li. No. 1339) for the relief of
Maria Lea;
A bill (11. 11. No. 1340) granting a pension
to Sarah Barry, of Johnson county, Tennes-
see ; and
A bill (II. R. No. 1341) granting an increase
of pension to Edmuml Johnson.
hxkcutivk communications.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a messago from the President of the
United State?, communicating, in compliance
with a resolution of the Semite of the 11th
instant, a copy of the official correspondence
of Charles E. De Long, minister resident of
the United States to Japan, relating to Amer-
ican interests in thai country; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of
the Secretary of the Treasury, communicating,
in compliance with a resolution of the Senateof
the 15th instant, an estimate of the cost of
constructing a walk or passage way on each
side of the custom-house in Bangor, Maine ;
which, on motion of Mr. Hami.in, was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
He also laid before the Senate a report from
the Secretary of the Treasury, in answer to tho
resolution of the Senate of the l-lili instant,
transmitting a report upon the condition of
the branch mint at New Orleans ; which was
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a report
from the Postmaster General, communicating,
in compliance with two resolutions of the Sen-
ate of the 8th instant, information relative to
blank petitions recently sent from that Depart-
ment asking for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege; which was, on motion of Mr.
Edmunds, ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
constitutional amendments.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a joint
resolution of the Legislature of Rhode Island,
ratifying the proposed fifteenth amendment to
the Constitution of the United States; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a joint resolution of the
Legislature of Virginia, ratifying the fourteenth
I and fifteenth articles proposed by Congress as
| amendments to the Constitution of the United
, States; which was referred to the Committee
I on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
| PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a large number of
petitions from citizens of Minnesota and other
States of the West, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege; which were ordered
to lie on the table.
j Mr. SAULSBURY presented the petition
' of Edward S. Deam, of Nottoway county, Vir-
ginia, praying for the removal of his political
disabilities; which was referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. ABBOTT presented the petition of J.
J. Mott, of North Carolina, praying the removal
of the political disabilities of 11. 1'. Simonton,
| William J. Brawly, and J. A. W. Kerr, of
> North Carolina; which was referred to the
\ select Committee on the Removal of Political
j Disabilities.
I Mr. SPENCER presented the petitions of
Cadmus H. Alley, Americus, Mississippi; of
J. Burns Moore, Colbert county, Alabama ;
of John Bonner, Sparta, Georgia; and of
William M. Jackson, Colbert county, Alabama,
praying for the removal of their political dis-
abilities ; which were referred to the select
Cominitteo on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. SCHURZ presented the petition of
Mark L. D. Mott and twenty-seven others, of
Lexington, Missouri, praying the removal of
the political disabilities of Joseph O. Shelby,
of Missouri ; which was referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. CORBETT presented three petitions of
citizens of Oregon, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege ; which were ordered to
lie on tho table.
Mr. OSBORN presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Florida, in favorofthe extension
of mail route No. 0410, in that State, from
Camp Izard to Crystal Springs; which was
referred to the Committee on Post Ollices and
Post Roads.
He also presented n memorial of the Legis-
lature of l'loridn, asking the removal of the
political disabilities of Edward Hopkins, of
Jacksonville, Florida ; which was referred to
the select Committee on the Removal of Polit-
ical Disabilities.
lie also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Florida, praying for the establishment
of a mail route from Tampa to Fort Harrison
in that State ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented a petition signed by citi-
zens of the United States and civil engineers
in the Navy, praying that a rank be given to
civil engineers in the Navy, and that they be
appointed by the President and confirmed by
the Senate ; also, that assistant civil engineers
and assistant naval constructors be appointed
in the same manner, and also given rank in
the Navy ; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
He also presented two petitions of citizens
of Florida, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege ; which were ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented a copy of a let-
ter of George W. Ginn, Winchester, Virginia,
withdrawing his protest against the petition of
Richard Parker, praying the removal of his
political disabilities ; which was referred to the
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
He also presented the petitions of John
Dickinson, Virginia; of T. J. Higginbotham,
Virginia ; of Robert Barns, Virginia; of Pat-
rick Henry Aylett, Virginia ; of R. B. Higgiu-
botham, Virginia; of William Gibboney, Vir-
ginia ; of J. W. Thompson, Virginia; of A. W.
Stark, Virginia; of William I. Mayo, Virginia,
praying for the removal of their political dis-
abilities ; which were referred to the select
, Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
! abilities.
He also presented the petitions of Robert
H. Logan, Virginia; of G. W. Hainsbrough,
. Virginia; of Henry E.Blair, Virginia; of_B.
Pollard, Virginia ; of Jaines L. Brown, Vir-
ginia; of W. T. Shelor, Virginia; of J. V.
Fulkerson, Virginia; of H. S. K. Morrison,
Virginia; of William R. Graham, Virginia;
of John A. Mann, Virginia; of William Ro-
defer, Virginia; of George A. Perkins, Vir-
ginia; of E. J. Armiss, Virginia, prayitig the
removal of their political disabilities; which
were referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. JOHNSTON. 1 also present a joint
resolution of the Legislature of Virginia, which
1 ask to have read.
The Secretary read as follows:
Joint resolution in relation to tho presont tax on
tobacco, agreed to February 21, 1870.
Whereas the people in the tobacco-growing sec-
tions of the State are, many of them, already greatly
embarrassed in their pecuniary matters, ana have
