5858
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
all cotton at present covered into the Treasury
arising from the sales of cotton seized after
30th June, 1865, such seizures being made in
violation of the injunctions of the Treasury
Department, and after the surrender of the
armies of the rebellion and proclamation of
amnesty by the Presidentof the United States.
Mr. BINGHAM. I yield five minutes to
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. But-
ler,] and shaU afterward call the previous
question on the joint resolution.
_ Mr. CULLOM. Does not the joint resolu-
tion contain an appropriation ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, will a point of order lie to that res-
olution?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state when
the point of order is raised whether it does or
not.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then I
raise the point of order that the resolution
appropriates money from the Treasury, and
must have its first discussion in Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order: and the joint resolution, under
the rules, goes to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move that the House
do now adjourn. When we have got down to
cotton claims I think we had better adjourn.
Mr. CULLOM. 1 voted to adjourn before
because I expeeted that such things as this
were to be proposed.
Mr. CONGER. I demand the yeas and nays
on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would suggest that we
first take a division by tellers. I call for tellers.
Mr. CONGER. I want to say just one
word 
The SPEAKER. The question is not debat-
able.
On ordering tellers there were—ayes twenty;
not a sufficient number.
The question was then put on ordering the
yeas and nays; and there were—ayes twenty-
three, not one fifth of the last vote.
So the yeas and nays were refused.
The motion to adjourn was agreed to; and
thereupon (at four o'clock and thirty five min-
utes p. in.) the House adjourned.
petitions.
The following petitions were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittees :
By Mr. BANKS: The petition of Matthew
Maguire, detective, of Liverpool, England, for
acknowledgment of his services during the war
in giving information to the United States Gov-
ernment of vessels trading with the southern
confederacy.
By Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee: The peti-
tion of Mrs. Saraphina Wilson, praying for a
pension.
Also, the petition of John Fain, praying for
removal of political disabilities.
By Mr. JULIAN: A petition of 950colored
laborers, of Washington, District of Columbia,
praying lor justice and fair play at the hands
of the authorities of the city in the employ-
ment of laborers upon the public works of the
city, and protesting against any discrimination
against them on account of race or color.
IN SENATE.
Friday, July 8, 1870.
ihe .Senate met at eleven o'clock a. m.
jjray(-'r ky the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. Niswman,
Mr. McCIlEERY. I move that the reading
of the Journal be dispensed with this morning:
and 1 will remark at the same tune that I hope
after the morning business is concluded I may
be allowed to eaif up Senate bill No. 1041.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT, if there be no
objection the reading of the Journal will be
dispensed with. The Senator from Kentucky
asks unanimous consent to take up the bill
indicated by him.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope not now.
Mr. DRAKE. I object.
Mr. McCIlEERY. i say, after the morning
business is concluded.
order OF business.
Mr. SUMNER. There is a resolution that
I offered yesterday with regard to the order
of business this evening which I ask to have
acted upon now. It is, that we proceed with
unobjected bills on the Calendar this evening.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 do not think we ought
to do that now.
Mr. SUMNER. Why not?
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 think that is the very
thing we ought not to do at this stage of the
session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois objects, and the morning business has
priority.
Mr. SUMNER. Does the Senator from Illi-
nois object ? It is the only chance of disposing
of unobjected bills.
Mr. TRUMBin.iL. The objection I have
is to the measuredtself. I do not believe that
we ought to dispose of bills in that way at the
close of a session, to call up the unobjected
bills and run them through. We shall pass
more bills that we ought not to pass than bills
that we ought to pass.
Mr. SUMNER. We did not before.
Mr. IRUMB ULL. I think we did pass some
before that we ought not to have passed.
ihe VICE PRESIDENT. It is objected
to, and is not subject to debate. The morning
business is in order, prior to which the Chair,
under the twenty-fourth rule, presents a bill
from the House of Representatives for .refer-
ence.
house bill referred.
Ihe bill (II. li. No. 2370) to establish cer-
tain post roads was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. THAYER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 510, granting land to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad from Sioux City, Iowa, to
Columbus, Nebraska, and if that motion is
agreed to I will consent to let the bill lie over
until the morning business is disposed of.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not think that is
fair.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois objects.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ken-
tucky has asked unanimous consent to call up
a bill, and the Senator from Massachusetts
objected to it. If objection is to be made to
one it should be to another,
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of
the Senator from Nebraska is objected to, and
petitions and memorials arc in order.
Mr. SCO l1 f presented four memorials of
citizensof Pennsylvania, remonstrating against
the continuance of the income tax ; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of
Joseph Miller, late a corporal of companv D,
twentieth regiment New York State volun-
teers, praying to be allowed a pension ; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented a petition of i
citizens of Grayson county, Virginia, prayin® !
for the reestablishment of the weekly maU
route from Maison, Smythe county, Virginia, I
to Mouth of Wilson, Grayson county, Virginia: !
which was referred to the Committee on Post !
Offices and Post Roads. j
He also piesented the petitions of George '
Muriek, of Russell county, Virginia, ami 7>i'
John Tyler, jr., of Williamsburg, Virginia,
praying for the removal of their political dis-
abilities; which were lefeired to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. McDONALD presented the petition of
Lewis Johnson & Co., praying to be reimbursed
for certain moneys paid by them on a check
drawn by Paymaster Benjamin F. Gallagher,
United States Navy, on the Assistant Treasurer
at New York, payment of which was prohibited
by the Secretary of the Navy; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
O/tDBIv Oi" BUSINESS.
Mr. STEWART. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to take up Senate bill No.
973, being the servile labor bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I havealready objected
to unanimous consent being given for one bill,
and I must do it for another. I give notice
that I shall object to every request for unan-
imous consent this morning.
Mr. STEWART. Is it in order to move to
take up the bill?
• The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not. The
morning business has just commenced, and it
will require unanimous consent to take it up
until the morning business is concluded.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to call up a bill
this morning, and I think I can do so, if I can
get unanimous consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Illinois has stated that he objects to every prop-
osition of the kind.
Mr. HOWARD. I hardly think tbe Senator
from Illinois will object to this.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
put the question. The Senator from Michigan
asks unanimous consent to take ud a bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I dislike very much to
have to keep rising all the time to object to
these motions. I have stated that 1 would
object to unanimous consent being given to
anything. Does the Senator from Michigan
suppose that having made the objection to the
motions of two or three Senators whose bills
I am in favor of I can now in consistency
withdraw it in his favor?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Itisobjected to..
Mr. HOWARD. I was about to ask to take
up the Georgia bill which passed the House.
I thought the Senator from Illinois would not
object to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is
made, and the reports of committees are in
order.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (H. Ii,
No. 1917) for the relief of Leonard Harding,
submitted an adverse report thereon; which
was ordered to be printed, and he moved the
indefinite postponement of the bill; which was
agreed to.
bill introduced.
Mr. SCOTT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
3048) to extend to the widow and children of
Henry Jenkins, for seven years, from Oth
March, 1868, letters-patent for an improvement
in the process of manufacturing wire gratin-*-
which was read twice by its title, referred "o
the Committee ou Patents, and ordered to be
printed.
ATLANTIC AND PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. SAULSBU11Y. I hold in mv hand a
resolution which I have been requested to pre-
sent to the Senate; and if there be no objection,
i ask for its present consideration :
nmlTj'lfh Tilat t!le,B«=reUry of the Interior he,
K ?,h"-c,by- lnstTucte,l tu communicate tu the
bcnate ail evidence on file m h,s D.-pariuient show-
■t
c-
"°rlyb?K
olXehiifof xlTaish the Indian title to the- same
ou benaa ot said company.
