270
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
sea-board or in the interior, has an interest
that the nation should assert this jurisdiction.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, when this
bill was called up by the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts I supposed it related
wholly to the French cable lately landed upon
conditions upon which those cables may_ be
landed in Massachusetts or elsewhere. I sim-
ply desire to call the attention of the Senator
from Massachusetts to the question whether
he intended to make it applicable to telegraphic
lines connecting thiscountry with the provinces
the shores of Massachusetts, and I voted to ij of Great Britain on this continent.
take it up with that impression ; but on look-
ing into the bill I discover that it has a uni-
versal application to all cases where there is
any telegraphic communication between this
country and a foreign country. I am not pre-
pared to vote for the bill in its present form.
Now, there is a line of water boundary between
the United States and the provinces of Great
Britain of some fifteen hundred miles in length
where the boundary itself runs along the center
of the water-course or through the center of
the lake, as the case may be; and all along
this line of water communication there are
telegraphic lines already constructed and in
operation opening a communication between
Canada and the United Slates. They are in
daily, hourly operation all along the line ; and
they are, of course, acting under the supposi-
tion that they are conforming to the will and
wishes of the United States. They have been
encouraged to construct their lines to make
this telegraphic communication. What would
this bill do in reference to those lines already
constructed should it becomealaw? Itwould
simply stop all communication for the present.
Mr. SUMNER. Not at all.
Mr. HOWARD. Stop it absolutely.
Mr. SUMNER. How stop it?
Mr.IIOWARD. Head your own bill and
you will see at once.
Mr. SUMNER. Not at all; it will not stop it.
Mr. HOWARD. Read your own hill, sir.
The first article in its code declares "the Gov-
ernment of the United States shall be entitled
to exercise and enjoy the same or similar priv-
ileges with regard to the control and use of any
such line or cable and the lines or cables con-
nected therewith that may by law, agreement,
or otherwise be exercised and enjoyed by any
foreign Government whatever."
Mr. SUMNliR. Is not that right?
Mr. HOWARD. Right 1 It may be right,
bu t it does not conform to the existing state of
things. It contemplates something different;
it contemplates that this statute is to operate
wilhin the jurisdiction of Canada beyond the
national boundary lino.
Mr. CONKL1NG. And iu despite of all
existing agreements or provisions.
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, iu spite of all legis-
lation to which Canada can resort, to the con-
trary. Does it not? Clearly so. If this bill
shall become a law it will close communication
absolutely by telegraph between the United
States and Canada, a thingwhich [ should very
much dislike to see.
Mr. SUMNER. How?
Mr. CONKLING. With the amendment
proposed.
Mr. HOWARD. Certainly.
Mr. SUMNER. IIow so? It is impossible.
Mr. HOWARD. It does not appear to me
to be impossible. I think I see it quite plainly.
I am quite willing to vote for this bill and apply
it to the single case which is so strenuously !
insisted upon by the honorable Senator, that ;
ot the I< rench cable. That is a res nova. That i
is a new ease which has now arisen or is about ■
to arise, there being no interest affected by i
applying it to that cable; that is, there being 1
110 injurious effect inflicted upon the French
company, because they have been acting with
their eyes open ; but I am nnwilling under the
existing state of things in reference to foreign
cables to pass such a lav/ as this, because I am
satisfied it will work injuriously upon interests
that have already vested,
Mr. MORTON. _ I desire to be understood
as being in favor of the main provisions of this
bill as applicable to ocean cables. I think the
power exists in the Government of the United
States to regulate and provide the terms and
Mr. CARPENTER. I understand the Sen-
ator from New York [Mr. Conkling] to say
that he is in favor of the bill as it was origin-
ally introduced, applying only to lines to be
established hereafter; from which I infer that,
in his opinion, the regulations proposed by this
bill are proper in themselves, for otherwise he
would surely oppose the bill as it was intro-
duced. Now, sir, conceding these regulations
to be a proper exercise of the power of Con-
gress to regulate the matter in hand, I am in
favor of the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] ex-
tending the provisions of the bill to existing
lines. In other words, proper regulations ought
to be applied to all the lines; improper regu-
lations ought not to be applied to any line. I
am not speaking of the details of this bill, but
of the principle embodied in it; and I shall
support the amendment all the more willingly
since the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Morton]
has called our attention to the fact that the bill
if amended as proposed will apply to all ex-
isting lines between this country and Canada.
It should so apply. Canada is as yet a for-
eign country.
This is an exceedingly important subject, and
without attempting a discussion of it at this
time I desire to say that if our liberties are in
danger to-day from any source it is from the
fearful growth of monopolies in the country.
The States are powerless in the premises. A
charter granted by a State Legislature, no mat-
ter how improvidently, becomes a contract
between the State and the corporators, which
since the decision of the Supreme Court of the
United States, in the celebrated Dartmouth
College case, is protected by that provision in
the Constitution of the Union which forbids
any State to pass any law impairing the obliga-
tion of a contract; but fortunately no such
restraint upon the power of Congress. There
is no such thing as a vested right, in the tech-
nical sense, in any corporation created by Con-
gress, which is beyond the control of Congress.
Any corporation which Congress has ever
created might be to-day dissolved ; and I may
on some fitting occasion hereafter discuss the
question of the duty of Congress to regulate
our internal railroad and telegraph systems
under the provision of the Federal Constitution
which empowers Congress to regulate com-
merce between the several States.
The growth of special privilege is as insid-
ious as it is dangerous, and the earliest oppor-
tunity is the best for asserting in the most un-
qualified manner the control of Congress over
all these international lines, so far as they are
established or exercising any franchises within
the United States.
Mr. MORTON. I call the attention of the
Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Carpexter] to
the inconvenience and injury that would result
from the passage of this bill as applicable to
lines connecting this country with Canada,
aside from the question of good faith involved
in suddenly applying conditions to lines in
existence which were not applied or contem-
i plated when those lines were first authorized.
The bill contains this provision :
Provided, That the privileges conferred by this
act shall no t be enjoyed by any company or persons
whoso line or eablo, by its connections or otherwise,
terminates m or extends to any foreign country in
and by which similar privileges are not conferred
upon companies incorporated by the authority of
the United States or of any State of this Union.
The effect of which would be to suspend the
operation of every line connecting us with
Canada until the Government of the Dominion
or the English Government should pass a law
conferring similar privileges——
Mr. HOWARD. .Tust such a law as this.
Mr. SUMNER. But allow me to ask, is
there any question of reciprocity with Canada
now? Do not our lines communicate with
Canada?
Mr. MORTON. There is no question now;
but the effect of this bill would be to suspend
the operation of existing lines until the Gov-
ernment there should enact a law granting to
us the same privileges.
Mr. SUMNER. But they do grant the same
privileges now. There are lines from theUnited
States that go into Canada and into all the
British provinces. I think that in point of fact
the question cannot occur. I think the Senator
anticipates what cannot arise: that is, I cannot
see it so.
Mr. MORTON. The conditions provided
here in order to become fully operative must be
concurred in by the authorities on the other
side. Therefore these conditions cannot be fully
enjoyed unless they are concurred in upon the
other side. There is reciprocity now upon the
terms that now exist, for now there are no con-
ditions ; but when we impose new conditions
it will require legislation upon their part before
they will concur in them.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, the Congress
of the United States has an express power to
regulate commerce with foreign nations and
among the several States. This agency of the
telegraph is a very important instrument in the
commerce of both these classes—with foreign
nations and among the several States. I do
not doubt myself the general and absolute
power of Congress to regulate the whole sub-
ject of telegraphic communication between the
United States and foreign countries and among
the several States. I agree with the Senator
from Wisconsin that in the regulation of com-
merce, either foreign or domestic, Congress
cannot pass any law whatever in process of that
regulation that a subsequent Congress may not
repeal. I believe that the power of the Con-
gress of the United States over the subject is
lull, complete, and that it cannot be shackled
by any legislation which may have taken place
by Congress upon the subject so as to prevent
the repeal by a subsequent Congress of that
legislation.
I have read this bill, and I think its provis-
ions are judicious and well guarded. I believe
that Congress has the unquestioned power to
prohibit the landing of a telegraphic line upon
the shores of the United States in any State if it
chooses to do so, except upon the express con-
dition of reciprocity with the foreign country.
That condition is eminently just; and I agree
that if the French Government has refused to
accent that condition of reciprocity it is no
sufficient reason, in my judgment, why a similar
condition should not be imposed in relation
to telegraphic lines that had been previously
established.
I think it is a very important subject, and it
is one over which and all such subjects the
power of the Government ought to be distinctly
asserted and distinctly executed; and I there-
fore am ready myself to vote for this bill. I
think that the objection made by the Senator
from Michigan will not practically apply. As
t I understand it, the telegraphic lines between
the British provinces and Michigan and other
States ot the Union are now conducted upon
principles of entire reciprocity between the two
countries and the persons who are engaged in
their use.
Mr. SUMNER. So I understand.
_ Mr. DAVIS._ Of course if this bill passes
it will only be in conformity to that existing
provision and practice; it will not be objected
to by the British authorities. It cannot sus-
pend this reciprocity, because the principle of
reciprocity is now in full operation, and the
effect and object of this bill are not to extinguish
or to suspend it, but to confirm it and make it
perpetual.
^Mr. MORTON. My friend from Kentucky
will allow me to ask him one question, whether
there is any reciprocity so far as these condi-
