5G8
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 2,
Ho. op Reps.
Louisiana Contested Election—Mr. Stevenson.
41st CoNi«....2i) Sess.
" Question, There is an old saying, 'When the wine
is in the truth comes out.' Is that so in your ease ?
"Answer. If I had gone to kill him I would have
<lonc it.
" Question, Butyoumightliave changed your mind
after you got there ?
"Answer. 1 would not go so far and change my
mind after I got thero.
"Question. Suppose you had gone for the purpose
of killing him, and after you got there you found that
he had just buried his child, and was just fromasick
bed himself, and that his wife was sick, what would
you havo done then ?
"Answer. Well, X don't know. If a man makes a
determination to kill another man he cortainly wants
him no good, and will tako no pity on him afterward.
M Question. You think, then, if you had left town
with the intention of killing Amroin that you would
have killed him?
"Answer. I think so; if I had gone out to do it."
A Swiss ltc})ullicim driven off three wreJcs after the riot.
" jNte\v Orleans, Mhv iso').
"John Amrein sworn and examined on behalf of
Mr. Darrnll.
"To Mr. Stevenson :
"T reside in Opolousas, St. "Landry parish, third
congressional district. 1 havo boon appointed par-
ish judgo of that parish. My opponent has refused
to give up the office, and the question is in litigation
before the court. I was residing, since the monlh
of February, 18GS, on a plantation about four miles
from tho town of Opelousas, and remained there not
qui to until the election, butiinf ilsomo time after tho
riot or insurrection that wohadin St. Landry parish.
I whs a candidate on tho .Republican ticket in tho
spring of 1808 for the oflieo of parish judge.
"Question. State what you know as to tho condi-
tion of that parish lor peace and order prior to the
November election.
" Answer. After the April election I had very little
to do, and was very seldom in town until the month
of J uly, whon I went through the town of Opclousas
to tho city of Now Orleans. Hero 1 got tho yellow
fever, from which I did not recover till about tho
1st of January, 18GD. AVhen I recovered sulheiently
I returned homo to my plantation and i cm.iined sielc
there. My wife and children wore also sick from
fever and ague, which 1 afterward contracted. I
was very severely sick, and whs, most of tho time,
lying in bed. I cannot, therefore, toll you what
transpired outsido of my plantation, exeunt Innn
public notoriety. On tho very same day that the
riot or hiMirieeuon broke out in tho town of Ope-
lousas a child of mino died. I could not bring it
into town for burial because armed men were guard-
ing the roads; amino communication was permitted
with tlie town on tho part of Republicans, unloss
they put, on a rod ribbon as a sign that they had
joined tho Democratic party, ft was a sign of pro-
tection for them. L was obliged to bury my child in
tho yard of my plantation. That, happened tho
pceond day after tho riot, i had the child buried in
the morning. About two or throe hours afterward a
deputy sheutT came, with about fourteon or lift eon
men,armed,mostof them, with new Winchester rifles,
revolvers in thoirbolts, and some with bowie-knives
besides. Thoy rodo into my yard in full career. All
the colored poople had left me, and 1 had gone info
tho kitchen to make a little soup or something for
my wife, who wa,> siok in bod. Shecalled to me, and
I went out on tho porch to see theso men. 1. said,
'Gentlemen, what do you desire?' * Wo came to
disarm tho Radical party. Have you any anus?' I
fcaid L had none. J used to havo a double-bai i clod
shot-gun for killing raccoons, buta, scoundrel, whom
I had employed as a laborer on my place, stole a
Iioimj und this gun, and lei t for Texas. Consequent ly,
[had no arms. I told them so. Tlie.v did not soein to
believe me. 1 said, ' If you do not bcliovemy words
you arc at liberty to search the house.'
"Alter that they began to insult mo, say "irk, 4 You
are a pretty follow. Vou are the cauM! of th;-s riot.
You havo advised these colored men to make all this
luss and riot.' I said, 'Gentlemen, L have never,
to my knowledge, given any man any had advice,'
They began to curso mo, and said that L should have
been buried two years ago instead of that child. 1
do not know whether the dichon.tiy contain* any
words ot insult that were not applied to me. I sim-
ply turned my back upon them and went into tiic
house. They then left. After that tune I was not
disturbed (or about throo weeks, 1 was at homo,
siek, never going outside. 1 forgot to mention ono
thing. One evening, about eight, days alter tho riot,
Lmerson Bentley came to my house about midnight.
It was raining one of the heaviest rants I ever saw.
No called me by name. I went out and asked what
he wanted. iii> had a colored guide with him. lie
asked mo if hu could not come into my house, i
said \ e:\' lie came in, and I kept him that night.
In the morning, about four or live o'clock, I said to
Jiirn, 'Rent iey, you cannot stay in the house. li you
were found hero you would certainly be killed, aud
I too; thero is no question about that. But it is
} aming vciy hard, and you had better go out into
the bam and make yourself as comfortable as possi-
ble, and I will send you something to eat there.' lie
did so, and staid there till the afternoon. I heard
some ^hots fired in the vicinity, and i learned that-
some men on horscback were coming along. So J
sent some colored men down to tell him to gel out,
ot the wa> ; that f did not wi.>>h him to be found on
my place, as ir was perfectly certain that if he was
they would kill both him and me. lio went away.
"About three weeks after the insurrection at Ope-
lousas, between eleven and twolvo o'clock at night,
somebody came to my door and rapped. I asked who
was thero. The answer was, 'A friend of yours.'
Said I, 'What is your name?' 'Never mind my
name; open the door.' Said 1, 'T do not open the
door unless you mention your name. If you arc a
friend of mine I want to know your name first.'
finally ho told me that his name was Sounders King.
1 knew the young man, having traveled with him on
tho boat from New Orleans. I considered him a last
young man, but I knew that he belonged to a very
good family. As I was sick and unable to protect,
myself I thought that tho best course for me to pursue
was to put on a bold face and to open the door. 1 said
'Saunders, if you give me your word of honor that
nothing shall happen to mo I will open.' Ho hesi-
tated a little and lmally gave me his word of honor
that nothing should happon to me. Tne moment I
opened the door my hand was grabbed and I was
pulled out on tho porch. On the porch was a young
man with a double-barreled shot-gun cocked and
leveled at me. The others had their revolvers in
their hands; but as soon as I got out thoy put their
revolvers back. The double-barreled shot-gun, how-
ever, was leveled at me duiing the whole conversa-
tion that followed. They asked me whether I did
not belong to the Grand Army of the Republic. I
told them I did. They afterward asked me whether
L did not write a letter to New Orleans which had
reference to tho position of leading Democrats to be
killed on account of that riot. I told them I did
not. They questioned me about the Grand Aimy
of the Republic, where I was mado a member, <tc.
1 told them I joined the Grand Army of tho Re-
public in Rook Island, Illinois, and that, as far a,s
any secrets of tho organization were concerned, I was
not at liberty to divulge them, as I had taken an
oath not to do so. 1 thought, however, that I would
iaiso their curiosity by telling tliem that I had a
printed copy of the constitution of the Grand Army
of tho Republic, that if they would come round
to-morrow I would lot them have it; bat that I could
not find it immediately among iill my papers. Saun-
ders King and anot her young man went aside on tho
porch aud consulted a. little, which ended in their
sa> in g that they would eoino to-morrow. They said,
significant ly, ' To-morrow wo will have another con-
versation.' Next day, m (he afternoon, thoy came
to my house. 1 was lying in a heavy fever at tho
time. I got tho printed constitution of the Grand
Army of tho Republic and handed it to Saunders
King. J turned round from them, and had no more
eonveis.Uiou with them. They told mo, however,
that some men wero patrolling during tho nights,
and that I had better not go outsido, but keep quietly
in tho houso. Two nights altorwaul a party came
up to the house. J heard them coming up. My dog
was after them a little. Thov threw some brick-bat ? 
at the djg and at tho front door. 8ick as I was, Igot
out of bed and droned mjsell and took a hatchet in
my hand, thinking that, anyhow, I would have a
chop at tho fii>tthat would come in, I went in the
roar pan ol my houso aud had actually decided to
jump out of tiic window and go into the bush and
hide myself; but when L looked out I saw two men
in the garden with their guns to their .shoulder, so i
thouuht il best to stay m. That thing was lepeated
for ihrno days. I had heeu very seriously sick with
fever, and the sta-to of things had not a tendency to
ameliorate my condition, l-nrdly, I decided to go
into tho town of Opolousa1-'. This win about three
or four weeks after the not had happened and
before tho election. Tho riot happened on the 2-Sth
of Septembci. i got into tho town and went to
tho pla.ee whore 1 generally stopped, kept by a man
named Christian J)eiino. When I got m there I
was so sick, from the motion ol tho buggy, that
I could not sit uptight on a chair, and was obliged
to go somewhere to liedown. i went down to the
hou-e of an old Union man named Christian uMorn-
iwcg, auil l.'v down theie till about five o'clock.
Then Louis Walter, a member of the Masonic frater-
nity, came and said to wo, 'Captain,you are not safe,
m this house; wo cannot answer for somo of the
individuals in tho town, who might tako you out at
midnight andinurder you. Tho excitement is rather
great, and L am charged by the Masonic lraternity to
come to >ce you.' Uo then proposed that I MioaUl
go to his house, where he said nobody would harm
me. F went to hi# hou.-e and st ayed there a. couple
ot day*!, when one day lie e.iruc in and told me that i
was ordered oil froui tho paiish ofSt. Landry. I was
greatly surprised. Iiesaidhohad ju<t been infoimcd
of it, and that he could not give me protection, but
thatlmust leave. L asked him to go and sco Dr.
Thompson, the so-eallcd military governor or com-
mander of the secret organization thero, (T believe
they had a different name for i t than the Xuklux,)
and learn from him whether it was actually true
that I was ordercd oil*. He went out and came bade
and said it was actually so, but that through bis
iutiuenco J had received oight da>s' extension. 1
knew 1 could not dispose of my plantation and crops
aiulsetHc up my business in that time. One day 1
met this Dr. Thompson on the street. I knew him
to bean outspoken man. and I said to him,'Col-
one!, I wurh to speak to you.' 'What do you -wish
for y " I understand that you ordered me oft from
tho pari-h of St.. Landry.' 'L did..' I said, "will
von be kind enough to tell me tho reason why':'
S.ud he, ' '1 he people do not wif.h you hero any more.'
I said,' Colonel, tins is rather hard on me. i havo
traveled a good deal iu tho world, and wherever I
have been 1 can go back anain. It is rather a reflec-
tion on my character as a man and a gentleman to
be ordered off. I would therefore be obliged to you
to tell me the reason why thepcople do not wantmo
any longer.' Said ho, '1 never know anything
against your character as a man, but your politics
do not suit the poople.' That, more or less, ended
the conversation. After that I went home, and in a
couple of days afterward I was threatened with a
severe sickness? and was swollen up from the fever.
I was laid up in bed till tho 1st of January, and I
could not leavo until then. When I got better, as
the order for me to leave the parish had never been
countermanded, 1 obeyed the order, and went to
New Orleans.
" Question. Ilaveyou been back thero since ?
"Answer. Yes.
"Question, When?
"Answer. I went back about fourwccks ago. I was
commissioned by the Governor as parish judgo of St.
Landry parish, as the Opposition candidate hadfaiiod
to quality, and as he was disfranchised by the four-
teenth amendment of tho Constitution of the United
States. I went back with United States troops. I
made a requisition for a company of troops, stating
that I did not believe I could freely and impartially
executo my duties as parish judge for the parish of
St. Landry without assistance for tho protection of
life and property.
"Question, What condition did you find things in
when you arrived there?
"Ansiocr. When I arrived there thero appeared to
be a little excitement, bntl have not boon molested,
except that scliool-boys as thoy pass point at mo
and call mo ' Yankee,' &c. Otherwise 1 cannot say
that 1 havo been interfered with or disturbed in any
way. Tho troops aro still there.
"Question. Prior to tho election did you scotho
while Republicans of tho parish, and havo conver-
sation with thorn?
"Answer. Yes; I hadsomoconversation withsomo
of t hem.
"Question, What was the feeling among them as to
their own security ?
"Answer. This very man, Christian Morniwcg, a
Union man, stated to mo that he certainty could not
vote; that tho prejudice was so great that he could
not.
"Question. What was tho genoral feeling among
tho white Republicans?
"Answer. There were no white Republicans thero
atthotimo. Every leader of tho Republican party
whom 1 knew of, who did not escape, has been killed.
"Question. How was it with the colored Repub-
licans? What was the fooling amongthem after the
riot and previous to the election ?
"Answer. They wore extremely seared. You could
not lind one of them to say thathe was aRepubhcan.
" Quention. Do you know whether Re publicans wero
obliged to woar badges for protection?
"Answer. I havo seen those whom I had known to
bo Republicans wearing these red ribbons, and sev-
eral of them have shown me their protection papoiS,
given to them for joining tho Democratic clubs.
"Question. Were you inthc Union Army?
"Answer. I was.
" Question, In what capacity ?
"Answer. 1 joined tho Union Army on 18th April,
1801, as lieutenant in the twenty-eighth Ohio regi-
ment, Colonel Aufiu^. Mooie. I remained m tho
Armylilltho 1st of January, TSt S. 1 was born in
Switzerland. I am about thiriy-six ycais of age.
"Question. Did you yourself havo any appiohen-
sioti of personal danger?
"Answer. I did. 1 had nottho least apprehension
of any danger before these men called at my place.
" Question. Had you taken any part in the riot?
" Annwer. Not hi tho least. I had been sick for
about four months previously, and never went off my
plantation. 1 never have much conversation with
colored men. Itold the colored men employed with
me that they could vote as they pleased, but that I
thought it was to their interest to support General
Grant, tho loyal candidate for President. 1 did imh
attend meetings nor march in processions during tho
presidential campaign. 1 did so in tho spring elec-
tion. I was sick during the presidential election, i
had been sick along while, and that fact was gen-
erally known.''
Lafayette.
" E. C. Wilkins to Mr. Stkvkxson* ;
" I reside m Lafayette parish; I was chairman of
Uie board of registrars in that pan.di; 1 was in iho
parish from tho 4th of October until after tho election.
I went to different points in the parish.
" iJu>'st>oii. Slate the condii son of t ho paihd), as to
pence and order, flaring tho hist canvass.
"Answer. Thero wero several disturbances there.
Somo negroes wero killed while 1 was there.
" Qnrition. Did you hear of any whiiepoople bein^
killed?
" Ansi'^r. No, sir.
" Qu-'stion. Where were those disturbance.^ .'
Answer. In different parts of tho pa rkb.
" Qucv'ion. Do you know of any threats having
been used against tho negroes to control tiiem in
poht ics ?
"Aiibiccr. ] ncversawnny; I hoard of such thing;.
It was <x general rcmaikin the puri-.li; 1 heatd it
from d ilfercn* parties there in common conversation,
both from colored people and white people.
"QutMion. Did you hear anything about protec-
tion papers having been issued to colored p^opio
the.-o who joined the Democratic clubs ?
" Answer. Yes. sir.
