1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1583
notthe means necessary to pat their &rms in a con-
dition for profitable cultivation; and whereas to-
bacco is pretty much the only production upon
which they can depend to raisemoney; and whereas
many of them, in consequence of the comparatively
low price of tobacco at present, and the great cost
of producing it, have been constrained to diminish
considerably the quantity which they have hereto-
fore cultivated, and many of them have been com-
pelled to relinquish the cultivation of it altogether;
iind whereas tobacco, though it may be classed
among the luxuries, is nevertheless a necessity in
those sections of tho State in which it is tho chief
staple, and consequently should be placed by Con-
gress upon the same footing with cotton and sugar
und other chief staples: Therefore,
1. Jie it resolved, (the Senate concurring.) That
Congress be, and it is hereby, respectfully solicited
by the General Assembly of Virginia, so to reduce
tho tax which is at present imposed upon tobacco
as to give the people of Virginia an equal chance
with the people of other States to increase the mate-
rial wealth and prosperity of this State.
2. That this request is not made from any desire
on the part of Virginia to evade tho payment of her
just proportion of the burdens of Government, but
from a clear conviction that the revenues arising
from the tax upon tobacco in Virginia would, in a
few years, be greatly augmented by the reduction
of this tax.
3. That the Governor be, and h is hereby, author-
ized to present this preamble and these resolutions
to Congress, through the agency of our Senators and
Bepresentatives in that body.
A copy. Teste: J. BELL BIGGER,
Clerk House Delegates,
and Keeper of Roll* of Virginia.
The resolution was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
Mr. WILLEY presented tho petition of John
W. Grantham, of Jefferson county, West Vir-
ginia, praying for the removal of his political
disabilities; which was referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
West Virginia, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. McCREERY presented the resolutions
adopted at a meeting of citizens of Iowa, held
in Ottumwa in that State, on the 22d of Feb-
ruary, 1870, in favor of the repudiation of the
present debt of the United States; which were
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Boston, asking Congress to place the
Construction Bureau of the Navy Department
in an improved condition; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. POMERO Y. I present the petition and
other papers of Rev. Dr. Bacon, who repre-
sents himself as beiog-a citizen of Louisiana
before and during the war. He says that sup-
plies were taken from him for the use of our
Army by Union officers. He establishes his
own loyalty, and offers in addition to that
proof that he was in the naval service of our
Government during the rebellion, or a portion
of it. I think this is a case that the Commit-
tee on Claims could report on favorably, as
coming within the rule which ought to be
adopted as a universal rule, as I think, for all
the States that have been lately in rebellion.
I move to refer this petition, with the accom-
panying papers, to the Committee on Claims,
hoping that they will make an early report.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY presented a memorial of the
Berwick's Bay and Texas Railroad Company
of Louisiana, remonstrating against a grant to
the New Orleans, Mobile, and Chattanooga
Railroad Company of lands heretofore granted
to the New Orleans, Opelousas, and Great
Western Railroad Company; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. COLE presented a resolution of the
Legislature of California, urging the establish-
ment of a mail route from Tuolumne City to
Millerton, in that State; which was referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented the petition of J. C. Mer-
rill & Co. and others, of San Francisco, Cali-
fornia, suggesting that the classification of the
present tariff on sugars be retained and the
duty be reduced on each grade, say one and
a half cent per pound; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
He also presented two petitions of citizens
of California, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege; which were ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. ROBERTSON presented the petitions
of Isaac Wickliffe and James P. More, of South
Carolina, praying for the removal of their
political disabilities; which were referred to
the select Committee on the Removal of Polit-
ical Disabilities.
Mr. HARRIS presented a memorial from a
committee of the Chamber of Commerce of
Louisiana, praying that the duties on raw sugars
imported be not reduced; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. CASSERLY presented a resolution of
the Legislature of California, urging the estab-
lishment of a mail route from Tuolumne City
to Millerton, in that State; which was referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
He also presented the petition of Mrs. Leann
Cox, of California, mother of the late George
C. Cox, company M, second California cav-
alry volunteers, praying for a pension ; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of J. N. B.
Cobb, of Dalton, Georgia, praying compensa-
tion for property taken and supplies furnished
to and used by the United States Army during
the rebellion ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. LEWIS presented the petitions of Charles
S. Hutchinson, Mecklenburgh county, Vir-
ginia, and of J. R. Bowen, Frederick county,
Virginia, praying the removal of their political
disabilities; which were referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. KELLOGG presented the petition of
Edward Downey, mayor of Brownsville, Texas,
in behalf of John S. Ford, S. Powers, George
Dye, William Neale, Louis Cowan, Nestor
Maxan, F. I. Parker, I. G. Browne, Alexan-
der Wirsbiski, and Adolphus Glaevecke, citi-
zens of Cameron county, Texas, praying the
removal of their political disabilities; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petitions of James A.
Lowndes, Washington, District of Columbia,
and of William D. Wilson, Maverick county,
Texas, praying the removal of their political
disabilities; which were referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
He also presented the petition of B. G. Ken-
ney, of New Orleans, Louisiana, praying the
removal of his political disabilities; which was
referred to the select Committee on the Re-
moval of Political Disabilities.
He also presented two petitions of citizens
of Alabama, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege; which were ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to take up a bill
for the purpose of having it considered in the
morning hour; and after it is taken up Sen-
ators who wish to present petitions and make
reports can do so.
Air. SHERMAN. I object, desiring to pre-
sent a petition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Petitions and
memorials are still in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I present a petition of a
large number of citizens of Toledo, Ohio,
praying for the passage of a law at an early
aay requiring the tax on spirits distilled in the
United States to be collected at the distillery
or distillery warehouse. I move that it be
referred to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN presented the memorial of
the Sandusky Tool Company, remonstrating
against any farther addition to the duties levied
upon imported steel, and asking for a redaction
of the same; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, presented the
petition of David W. Dyer and others, citizens
of Belfast, Maine, and vicinity, ship-builders,
praying that in any reorganization of the naval
:i service the ship-building or naval-construction
department in our navy-yards have a suitable
and proper rank, not below any other class of
officers, except the officers having command
of the navy-yards; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. ANTHONY presented the petition of
William T. Eustis, ot Boston, praying that the
compensation legally and justly" due to the
| Rhode Island brigade in the revolutionary war
may be paid to him and the other representa-
■ tives of the brigade ; which was referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. THAYER presented the petition of J.
L. Webster and others, members of the bar of
| the State of Nebraska in attendance upon the
: circuit and district court of the United States
now in session in the city of Omaha, praying
: that the salaries of the judges of the United
States Supreme Court, and also of the circuit
and district judges, be increased ; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. FOWLER presented the memorial of
T. T. Garrard and others, claiming compensa-
tion for the destruction of their salt, salt-wells,
&c., in Clay county, Kentucky ; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPKI'.S.
On motion of Mr. COLE, it was
Ordered, That the papers relating to the claim of
Dexter R. Crocker, of Yolo county, California, for
mail transportation in 1853, be taken from the tiles of
, ■ the Senate of the Thirty-Sixth Congress and referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, it was
Ordered, That James C. SIoo have leave to with-
draw his petition and other papers from the flies of
the Senate.
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of James F. Joy be
taken from the files of the Senate and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
On motion of Mr. EDMUNDS, it was
Ordered, That the memorial and papers in thecase
of George A. Schreiner bo taken from tho files of the
! Senate and referred to the Committee on Pensions.
j BKPORT3 OF COMMITTEES.
I Mr. HOWARD. I now renew my request.
' The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
i Michigan asks unanimous cousent to take up
; a bill.
! Mr. EDMUNDS. I must object. Let us
! get through with the morning business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the motion cannot be entertained.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 550) to incorporate the National
Union Savings-Bank of the District of Colum-
bia, reported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 671) concerning
notaries public for the District of Columbia,
reported it with an amendment.
| Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, to whom was referred
I the petition of General Lorenso Thomas, pray-
ing that he be retired on the highest brevet
I rank, to report that he have leave to withdraw
i his petition and papers.
' The report was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, from the same committee, to
whom was referred a memorial of the Society
of Friends against the proposed enlargement
of the West Point Military Academy, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred resolutions of the Mechanics'
State Council of California, in favorof the pas-
sage of an eight-hour law that will positively
require that the public work be done at eight
hours for a day's work, and making it a penal
offense for officers and contractors to evade its
provisions, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration, and that it be referred
