1870.
the congressional globe.
2527
now in the interest of the manufacturer and
in the interest of the people at the same time.
These cotton webbings, &c., elastic and non-
elastic, may be regarded as a raw material, of
which there is not a great amount made in
this country. I trust the amendment will pre-
vail.
Mr. JENCKES. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] if his amendment
would not let in all the materials of which In-
dia-rubber and other elastic substances form a
part at 5 cents per pound of duty?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No; it
would only admit at that duty that peculiar
manufacture of rubber and cotton which is
used in the manufacture of shoes.
Mr. JENCKES. The gentleman proposes
to take off the duty to a very large extent on
those articles of wlneh rubber or other elastic
materials form the whole or a part.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. When
used in the manufacture of shoes.
Mr. JENCKES. The effect would lie to
admit them for all the various uses to which
they may be applied. This is a substance which
is worth in the market at least $1 a pound,
and it now pays a duty of 35 per cent, ad val-
orem. The reduction consequently would inter-
fere with a very large interest now engaged in
the manufacture of this article in this country.
Jt is idle to say that it would have the effect
of reducing to any material extent the price of
shoes or any other article into which this ma-
terial enters. But it will in effect destroy the
interest now engaged in the manufacture of
this article in this country by letting il, in from
Canada, where it can be manufactured cheaper
that it can be in this country. 1 hope the
amendment will not prevail.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
think, if the committee understand the effect
of this amendment, they will not be in favor of
adopting it. This article of elastic which the
gentleman refers to is being manufactured to a
considerable extent in this country at the pres-
ent time. The duty on the thread which is
used in its manufacture we have already fixed
at 40 per cent. That thread is imported to a
very great extent. And having now lixed at -10
per cent, the duty on the thread which is used
in the manufacture of the article, the manu-
factured article itself is protected only by the
rate of 35 per cent. It would be a singular
anomaly, under these circumstances, if we were
to provide, as the gentleman desires, that this
article should be admitted at a duty of 5 cents
a pound. In other words, for the sake of saving
perhaps 2 cents a pair on shoes he proposes to
destroy the manufacture of this article all over
the country. The manufacture is carried on in
different Slates at the present time. This class
of manufacturers object even to the arrange-
ment as it stands in the bill, on the ground
ihatwe were legislatingagainst them by placing
10 per cent, duty on a material which they are
obliged to import, while they get only a pro-
tection of 35 per cent, on the article they
manufacture. I do not believe the House is
prepared to do what the gentleman proposes ;
but if we reduce the duty on the manufactured
article the duty on the thread which is used in
manufacturing it ought to be reduced also.
Mr. ALLISON. Mr. Chairman, we seem to
be agreed that the duty on thread has been put
too high. I think it would be well, by unani-
mous consent, to go back and reduce this high
duty on thread. It interferes with so many
industries that I think we had better take this
course.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. One
thins-1 think is understood by the entire House,
that in undertaking to select out different arti-
cles and reduce the duty on one or the other,
while we intended to benefit one interest we
unintentionally destroy or injure another. And
such would certainly be the effect of this amend-
ment; while it might benefit one manufacture
it would destroy another, and I hope it will
not be adopted.
_ Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire,
sir, to call the attention of the committee to
the exact condition of this question. Rnbber
enters very largely into a variety of manufac-
tures. I do not propose to interfere with the
manufacture of rubber. It is protected by
many valuable patents on which large royalties
are paid to gentlemen for whom. I have the
highest respect and love. And I will not under-
take in this House to oppose the great rubber
interest in favor of the poor man's shoes. Such
a work is one which I would never think of
undertaking. And I only ask that while sus-
penders and other articles of luxury made of
rubber are heavily taxed, I ask that the rubber
webbing which goes into the shoes of poor men
andpoorwomen shall not have to bear too heavy
a tax. I would have moved to put it upon the
free list, but I have put it at 5 cents per pound
because I desired that we might not wholly
antagonize the manufacturing interest of rub-
ber or cotton in connection with rubber. But
this goes further than rubber. All the bind-
ings of shoes are made of cotton webbing, and
cotton webbing ought to be free, for it is, so far
as shoe manufacturing is concerned, a raw
material; it is a material out of which shoes
are made. It is a specious argument to say
that when you put a duty of 45 or 50 per cent.
ad valorem on the raw material that does not
increase the price of the manufactured article.
It does increase the price; it must be so. I
only ask that a single industry, which is one
of the largest industries in the manufacturing
States, to wit, shoe-making, and that the men
and women who are the consumers, shall have
consideration on this one article ; and I trust
that any man who has the good of the tariff at
heart, either for protection or for revenue, will
not antagonize any man that wears shoes. The
friends of the tariff make a great mistake when
they antagonize everybody. They cannot do
it for a great while.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was taken on Mr. Butler's
amendment; and there were—ayes 61, noes
32 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Butler, of
Massachusetts, and Mr. Washburn', of Massa-
chusetts, were appointed.
The committee divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—-ayes 67, noes 52.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk then read the following clause:
On wools on the ; kin, tho Game rates as on other
wools, the quantity and value to be ascertained
under such rules as tlie Secretary of tho Treasury
may prescribe.
Mr.BROOKS, ofNevvYork. Wehavedone
with cotton and have now arrived at wool. I
move to strike out that clause in relation to the
article of wool on the skin.
Mr. Chairman,we have destroyed a large por-
tion of our woolen manufactures because of
the enormous duty upon wool, and some of the
woolen manufacturers have appeared here in
poison remonstrating against it; but some of
them have been enabled to live by the importa-
tion of wools on the skin, and by this bill it is
proposed to raise the rate of duty, now 30 per
cent, arl valorem, to the same rate of duties
paid upon other wools, under such rules as the
Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe. Sir,
in 18G7 there appeared in this House certain
woolen men in the interest of the carpet man-
ufacturers and the blanket manufacturers of
the country, and by a bargain between the
growers of wool and the woolen manufacturers
of New England engaged in the carpet trade
and in the blanket trade a compact was made
by which a bill was carried through this House,
almost without any debate whatever, under the
previous question. Since then the woolen
manufacturers of the country, in orderto import
wool from the Cape of Good Hope, which it is
essentially necessary to mix with the Ameri-
can warp ill order to produce the finer woolens,
have been in some degree enabled to evade the
law by the importation of wools on the skin.
But in order to destroy that branch of Ameri-
can industry, the manufacture of the higher
and finer qualities of American woolens, this
proposition is brought forward. This finer
class of wooleti goods is now largely imported
from abroad, and it is almost impossible to
make them in this country because of the im-
possibility of obtaining wool of the proper tex-
ture in this country. They can only manufacture
them by importing wools on the skin from the
Cape of Good Hope and other foreign coun-
tries.
Sir, the compact which was made in 1867.
between Mr. Bigelow at the head of the car-
pet manufacturers of New England and the
blanket manufacturers elsewhere, should now
be broken. The protection of American labor
which is most wanted is not such protection as
is given in this bill, but protection against the
steam-fengine, against all the operations of
steam-power which come in competition with
American labor. Nowhere on earth could
blankets be produced as cheaply as in this coun-
try, and yet the duty on them is over 300 per
cent, ad valorem. The Chinese labor of Cali-
fornia, the cheapest labor in the world, cheaper
than any European labor whatsoever, is now
making these blankets, with 300 per cent,
bounty, against the competition of the world,
while all others are excluded solely for the ben-
efit of the cheap Chinese labor of California.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the proposition to
strike out this provision will not prevail. It is
an attempt on the part of the committee report-
ing this bill to perfect legislation in the inter-
est of the wool-producing population of the
United States. In the progress of the discus-
sion upon this subject we have heard a great
deal from time to time about protecting the
producers of this country. I undertake to say
that there has not been any legislation what-
ever touching foreign importations at any time
in the history of the American Congress which
is more directly adapted to secure to the pro-
ducer of this country a decent reward for his
industry than the very legislation of which
this paragraph is amendatory, and which the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] now
proposes to strike out.
Under the existing law all wool that is im-
ported into the United States on the skin is
subjected to a duty of 12 cents per pound.
Now, if you will consult the report of your
Department you will find that your Treasury
is robbed from year to year of at least two
thirds of the revenue that ought to be derived
from this article, and that, too, to the hurt and
injury directly of the producers of wool in this
country. Now, I make this appeal in behalf
of the wool-growers of Vermont, of New York,
of Pennsylvania, of Ohio, of Kentucky, of
Tennessee, and of the States westward on the
Pacific coast. Representing as I do upon this
floor an agricultural community, I have very
little interest in sustaining at all this system of
legislation, if the interests of the producing
classes of this country are to be ignored. I
wish also to call the attention of this Com-
mittee of the Whole to the fact that the trade
in wool on the skins is increasing from year to
year at an enormous rate. If the motion of
the gentleman should prevail I undertake to
say that during the current year it will exceed
twofold the importation of any former year.
By the tricks practiced upon your officers it
pays a duty of only 4 cents per pound, although
it should be subject to a duty of 12 cents per
pound.
During the year 1860 there was imported of
this article of wool on the skin §160,000 in
value ; in 1889 there was imported about
$600,000 in value. Now, let the gentleman
from New York have his way. Strike out this
paragraph which is intended to prevent these
frauds on the revenue, and to protect as well the
agricultural interests of the country, and you
will give the importers of this article the ben-
efit, at the expense of your Treasury, of 66 per
