1870."
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
569
4 1st Cong....2d Sess.
Louisiana Contested Election—Mr. Stevenson.
Ho. of Reps.
•' Question. To protect them from what?
" Aaiwa'. From any violence to be used toward
them.
"Question. By"whom?
"Answer. By the Democratic party, as itwas sup-
posed.
" Question. Was that the understanding they had ?
"Answer. That is what I understood from them.
" Question, Have you any knowledge as to how the
coloied people felt as to their security in voting the
Republican ticket?
" Answer. 1 do not think they felt secure in doing so.
"Question. W ere you in the Army?
41 A nnicer. I was engaged with the Union Army in
the quartermasters' department. I know that Re-
publican tickets were sent to the parish; I think tha t
a package of five hundred was sent; I got them in
my office and placed them on the top shelf; I did not.
distribute them; I did not think it safe "to do so; I
was a Republican; I did not vote at all, because I
did not think it safe to vote there.
" Question. Bo you know what were the politics of
the commissioners of election m that parish ?
" Amwer. They were Democrats, because they
voted; and no Republican vote was castin the parish.
" Question. You say that the leading colored men
left the parish?
"Answer. Yes; they left the parish shortly after I
arrived there. One of them was named Donato, I
think, ami another one Rernond; they were colored
loaders; I think Mr. Remond was a justicc of the
peace there."
" W. B. Bailey, Democratic editor, to Mr. Stev-
enson :
"I am the editor of the Lafn.yctte Advertiser, pub-
lished at Vermilionville, tho parish scat of Lafayette.
1 became the editor of thatpaper in September, 3865,
and have been editor ever since. X was in the eon-
federate army as a private."
Mr. Stevenson offered in evidence the following
article from the Lafayette Advertiser, of October
10,18(38.
"We are glad to have it in our power to give
assurance to our community that, under any emer-
gency, we are ready and able to preserve order. Our
people are patient and forbearing, busily engaged
in taking in their crops, and there is no good cause
lor any excitement.
" With the exception of six or eight mischief-mak-
ers, there is no community in the whole Stale more
peaceably disposed than ours; therefore, we will
again say to those few bad men, if you continue to
4 sow the wind,' you must expect' to reap the storm.'''
Mr, Stevenson also offered in evidence an article
from the same paper, of the same date, as follows:
"Persons whipped and shipped from any of our
sister parishes will not find a place of rest in our
midst. Should there be any one under this head in
our midst, they had better git."
" Question. To what had this article reference ?
" Answer. It had reference to Mr. Smith, who had
been thrashed on the streets of St Martinsville, and
who came to our town. He had a son there who
was a very respectable man.
"The chairman offered in evidence an article from
the same paper of the 31st of October, 1<508, as follows:
" Sublata causa, tollitur cjfeclus. That is the only
way. Remove causes and you destroy effects, 'lhe
consciences trieken Radical leaders of our parish have
disappeared for parts more or less unknown, and we
have peace and quiet in our midst. We would say to
them, the longer they stay away the bettor for our
community; and we could not be positive, but do
sincerely think, that it would be better for them,
too. J
"Question,. Do you believe these articles to have
been true in fact and justified by the state of public
sentiment at'thc time?
" Anncer. There was no disturbance m our town ;
but this thing was going on in Opelousas, and we
wanted to keen quiet as much as we could, and to
keep persons Irom coming there.
" Question. You say in this articlc, the conscience
shioken Radical leaders of our parish have disap-
peared for parts more or less unknown, and we have
peace and quiet in our midst. We would say to
them, tho longer they stay away tho better lor our
communitv; and wo could not be positive, but do
sincere! v think, that it would be better for them,
too.' Weie these statements justified by the facts?
"Arswer. Well, sir, the Radicalleadersat the time
wei e tluee colored persons, and they left our parish
immediately after hearing of the Opelousas not.
''Question. You thought it for the good oi your
community for them to stay away ?
"Anwar. Yes, sir."
"Nicholas Young to Mr. Kerb:
"Answer. I reside in the parish of Vermilion. I
have boon living therefor thirty years. My bu^ne^s
has been that of a planter. Prior to the war! be-
longed to the old Whig party. I tookno part what-
ever in the wai. I was a. Union man. I cannot say
that I know of any white Republicans in the parhli;
one or two white men weie charged with being Re-
P'tbl'cun?, but they denied it; I only know of one
who I am ceitain was o Republican, and he diodlast
year. Two or tincc white men in the parish weie
"cii.tr-cd with boinu Republican.-;, but thev always
(Ir-.n. 1 it. 1 know only of one white nun m the
pai .-b n'hoiu T k""w to be a. Ropublk-'in, and he died
j.'o'-ion- to the ohction. There were ono or two
wh.te men aeea-ed_ ot\ being Republicans xn the
t\n i-h, but denied ir. .,
"Hwntum. What do you mean by saving mat yuii
heard of oneor two white men being accused of being
Republicans?
"Aniwer. I only heard it said in the parish that
they were accused of being Republicans, and that
they denied being so. I know that they didnot vote
the Republican ticket. They were told by Demo-
crats that they were Radicals or Republicans, and
they denied being so. I think that about one third
of the colored voters wcro Democrats, and probably
there might be more. I did not hear of any protec-
tion papers being given to colored men up there who
voted the Democratic ticket. I heard talk previous
to the election of not giving work to colored men
who did not vote the Democratic tickct; but that
thing was dropped. I heard the Kuklux spoken of
up there, but I know nothing about them. I never
saw one. I beard that there had been a company in
the parish. I am fifty-three years of age. I would
not be apt to be callcd upon to do active duties in
such a ciowd as that. I heard them talked oi among
the young fellows of the parish who were talking
about negroes being frightened at night. They said
that the Kuklux had come from an adjoining parish,
it was more for a laugh than for anything else. No
old man ever thought of such a thing there, or had
anything to say about it. I do not think that any
prudent man, young or old, would indulge in such a
business. Wo had the order of the Knights of the
White Camelia up there. I belonged to the order.
Tho white people generally joined it. It extended
pretty generally over the parish. 1 attended their
council very rarely. They generally held their meet-
ings at night, and I could not go about at night. I
attended them very seldom, only three or lour or
five times. Their meetings were generally held in
the early part of the night, at eight or nine o'clock.
While I attended they sat a very short time, not
more than an hour or two. The last time that I was
in the council of the order was some time last sum-
mer, beforeIcamctotheLegislaturo. Idonotknow
whether the colored people knew what the order of
the Knights of the White Camelia was. They knew
that there was an order of some kind, lor wo did not
keep it secret, and tho colored people knew that we
had those meetings just as well as the white people.
Whether they knew what the order was or not I can-
not say. I do not suppose they did. It was secret,
ot couise. Wedidnot'idmitspectatorswhowerenot
members of the order.
" Question. You say tho colored people there who
did not want to vote with you stayed at home unmo-
lested. Why did they not go to tho polls and vote
the Republican ticket?
"Answer. My reason for it is that there were no
leading men there representing the Republican
paity to give them tickets, or to solicit their votes.
No one solicited their votes on that side. Tho Dem-
ocrats electioneered among all parties, and they got
all the colored votes that wero willing to go with
them. I electioneered myself, and got all the votes
I could. I was at barbecues of the Democratic
party—white and colored men. They wero treated
all alike. Wo held out every inducement that we
could lawfully and legally to get all to vote with us
that we could.
By Mr. Bailey:
"Question. How do you know that tho colored men
who refused to vote were Republicans?
"Ansicer. 1 lieaid-some say so. 1 cannotsay pos-
itively how many I heard say so. Some of those
with whom I conversed, in trying to get their votes,
told me that they did not care to vote the Demo-
cratic ticket; that they belonged to the other side,
and that if they voted at all they would vote the
other way, but that tlicy would not go to the elec-
tion at all. They gave me no reason why they did
not vote the Republican ticket. I think there wero
Republican clubs in existence during the November
contest. I cannot say positively. That was the talk.
It was said that there was one on the rice planta-
tion. It was said that the frcedmen congregated
tlieruvery often. I do not think that there have
been any meetings on the rice plantation since the
election. I understood that there were meetings
there preceding tho November election. I have
seen negroes passing, and they said that they were
going to the meeting at tho rice plantation. I have
heard one hundred persons say so.
" Question. How is it that the Republicans did not
go and vote at lhe last ejection ?
" .Amsmw. You must put that question to some one
who knows better than I do. i cannot answer it.
They could have voted if they had wished to do so.
The only reason 1 can give for it is, I suppose they
had no leading men there to get them out. I think
that about one hundred and seventy-three negroes
in the parish voted the Democratic ticket."
" Aehilie Francois to Mr. Stevenson :
" I live in La Payette parish. I am twenty-nine
years of age. I was born free. My lather was a free
man. Iw aainLaPnyetto parish previous to the last
election. I was butchering there. Thecondition of
the parish was very good as to peace and order before
the election. There was one colored man named Joe,
and his mother, killed. I donotknow by whom. It
was said that they were killed by white people. This
was about two weeks before the election. It is said
that there were Kuklux there. I never saw any.
Nobody ever troubled mo. 1 came here to New
Orleans eight or ten dins before the election. 1 was
afraid to be killed myself ii 1 stayed m the parish,
because tncy wcv killing pcopIom) muchureunu. 1
was a Republican, Tho whitepeople did nottellme
how to vote. Those who wanted to stay had to get
Erotection papers. They never asked me to join tho
'emocratic party. Some colored men didjoinit. I
am a son of Senator Francois. He is dead. Tho peo-
ple up there knew that I was his son. My father
was a prominent Radical. My brother lived there.
Ho was a justice of tho peace there. Ho left tho
place and came here. The colored people were afraid.
1 have French blood on both sides—on the father's
side and on the mother's side. I aia aeolored French-
man.
"ToMr. Bailey:
" I never saw any Kuklux. Some people said they
had seen them. Ido not know their names, nor tho
name of any of them. The people there did beliovo
in the existence of the Kuklux, and they were afraid
of them. I have met persons armed at night; but
they never said anything to me. I met them back
of the town of Vermilionville. They were spoken of
as the patrol of the parish.
"Question. How many wore killed in the parish
besides Joe and'his mother?
" Answer. It was reported that parties were killed
back of the parish. I do not know of it myself.
Nobody told me that anybody else had been killed.
Nobody offered me protection papers. I sawonoout
therewith protection papers. His name was Bmdon.
It was given to him by Mr. Salles, who keeps tho
tavern. I do not know by what authority Mr. Salles
gave these papers. I raetaman coming outofSalles's
house with his protection paper, and he said he felt
safe in having it. I left the parish eight or ten days
before the election. No ono offered me any violenco
or any friendship; but there was a great deal of
excitement, and I thought the best thing I could do
was to leave tho parish. I was never iusultcd or
threatened while I was in the parish."
M Arm and Franpois to Mr. Stevenson:
" I live in New Orleans. I have lived here about
a month. I camc here from St. Martin's parish. I
was born thcie. I am sixteen years of ago. My
father was A. R. Francois. He was a. State senator,
lie is dead. 11c died on the 21st of May of wounds
which he received in St. Martinsville on 3d May.
Tho wounds wero inflicted by white persons. I was
present.
" P. Martin, for Mr. Bailey:
"Question. IIow many Republican votes wcro ca&t
at tiie last November election?
"Answer. None.
"Question. Why did not some colored people vote
the Republican tickct last fail ?
"Answer. I cannot tell. I took uo pait myself in
that election. 1 did not see any one electioneering
on the Republican side. They had no leader-:.
"Quest-ion. What made their leaders leave?
"Annocr. 1 cannot tell.
"Question. Were they not afraid to stay?
"Answer. I heard that they wero.
"Question. Were not a great many of tho negroes
who remained there afraid to advocate the Radical
cause or to vote the Radical tickct?
"Ansicer. t do not know. I do not think myself
that there was any danger.
"Question. Did they not think there was?
"Answer. I conversed with colored men every day,
and they never told me so. They may have been
alarmed, but I do not think that there was any eauso
for it. I suppose that some of them wero alarmed.
They may have thought that there was cause lur
ulaim. The parish of Lafayette joins St. Landiy
parish. Wo heard there ot the St. Landrv troubles.
There is a bayou dividing the parishes. It is about
ten or fifteen yards wide, and there is a bridge at
high water, but at low water tho bayou can be crossed
anywhere. A stranger would not know when ho
crossed from one parish to another. That little bayou
is the only dividing line that I know of. This Joo,
who was killed, did a heap of talking, most generally
when he was drunk; but he was not considered among
the colored people as being a prominent man. Tliuiu
was a colored ball in town the night before Joe was
murdered, rind the next day Joo left town intoxi-
cated. L think there wore illty or sixty colored men
iu town that nightatthe ball. "We had the Kuicrhtd
of the White Camelia up there. I was a member of
the order. I was only twice m the lodge. Mon of
the white people in the parish belonged to it. 1
joined about a year ngo.I think. I did not hold any
office in the order. I think the negroes knew of tho
existence of that order/'
" M. Casey, being duly sworn, deposes and says:
" Question. Where do you reside?
".1 nnoev. At the present in this city, but my resi-
dence was in the parish of Lafayette, of which 1 am
a resident voter. I was last m the parish about tho
middle of October, 1868, but have not beer, tln.-io
since." * * "I had been driven Jrom
the parish by armed men, narrowly escaping with
my life. The frecdman who helped me to escape was
altorward murdered for doing so. and 1 would n .1
have returned but for the protection afforded by tiio
committee.
" Question. Aro you well acquainted with the frecd-
mpn of that parish and with their political senti-
ments?
" Ansicer. I am, and know that for the most p-u t
they are all republicans.
"Question, iu whatcondition.so far as regards the
peace and Older of the parish, did you find thnurs
iheio ?
"Am>i':rr. 1 found that a. complete reisnof terror
and intimidation existed there among the fieednu.n.
, 1'ney could not express their political nentiimm'e at
