272
THE CONGBl&MOFAL GLOBi.
December 21,
all companies which have been formed hereto-
fore and are now in operation, it becomes
altogether a new bill; it is not the bill that was
before the Committee on Foreign Relations and
which was brought into the Senate under the
recommendation of the Committee on Foreign
Relations. I might go possibly for the amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts,
but I should wish to consider it and its retro-
active influence. Therefore, I say I do not
wish this bill to be considered as coming from
the committee under the influence of that
amendment, although possibly, when fully
considered I might adopt it.
Mi-. SUMNER. I would say to the Senator
that he was not in his seat when some days
ago I called this bill up. I then looked around
for the members of the committee to confer
with them on this amendment. The Senator
was not in his seat, so that I had not the ad-
vantage of his counsel upon it. It was a source
of regret to me at the time as it is now. The
Senator from Indiana will remember that I
submitted to him that very question as a mem-
ber ofthecommittee. Now, Mr. President 
Mr. CASSERLY. Will the Senator from
Massachusetts allow me, as I have just had
my attention for the first time directed by the
romarks of the Senator from New Hampshire
to the circumstance of an amendment being
offered which alters the character of the bill as
reported from the Committee 011 Foreign Re-
lations, to ask that the amendment be read?
Mr. SUMNER. It has been pending now
for several days.
Mr. CASSERLY. This particular amend-
ment? This is the first time I ever heard there
was such an amendment to the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. This particularamendment
has been pending several days.
ThePRWSIDINC! OFFICER, (Mr. Stewart
in the chair.) Does the Senator from Califor-
nia call for the reading of the amendment?
Mr. CASSERIA. I desire to hear it read,
and I desire to say now once for all that this
amendment was never brought to my attention,
though I am a member of the Committee on
horeign Relations.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be read.
J.ho Chief Ci.kiuc. The amendment, is in
line three of section one to strike out the word
"whenever" and insert "all," and after
"communication" to strike out the words
"shall hereafter be established;" so as to
make the bill read:
That all communication between the United States
Mini any Joreisn conntiy by momw of telcKrauhie or
mugnctio linos or cubic* )aid in any part thereof in
and over tlio waters, l-eela, islands, shores, and lands
wiUiinthojunsdjctiouiil'tlio United States, tliosame
ghu.il bo subjecf to Uio following conditions, it*.
Mr. CASSERLY. That is very material,
undoubtedly.
Mr. IIO\VE. Mr. President, so many mem-
bers of the Committee on Foreign Relations
confess the novelty of this amendment, and it
makes such a radical change in the character
of the bill, as it seems to me, that I think it
ought to be more fully considered by that com-
mittee before the Senate votes on it. Now, I
have not paid any special atteution to this mat-
ter until to-day; my attention has been directed
ilt; l0,"day ^ debate, not otherwise. 1
did understand that there was a controversy
about the landing of a certain cable giving us
telegraphic connection with France, and that
the managers of that line were said to have
conducted not in entire good faith ; that they
had been allowed to connect their lines with
our snores upon a sort of stipulation that we
stiouui have the same privilege in connecting
with their shores, and after getting firmly fast-
ened to us no such privilege is conceded to us.
1 thought that a grievance which ought to be
redressed ; everybody seemed to think so: but
tills bill, I understood, was brought in for the
purpose of correcting that abuse and makino-
that matter right. But as the bill will stand if
the amendment now moved by the Senator
from Massachusetts is agreed to it will become
a law which goes very far beyond that, if it is
not entirely different from that. If it does cor-
rect that abuse it will impose a burden upon
existing lines.
My colleague says, the Senator from Massa-
chusetts says, and lam not disposed to dissent
from such authority, that our power over ex-
isting lines is just as ample as it is over lines
hereafter to be built; and my colleague asks
with a good deal of force are these conditions
proper, and if proper in themselves why not
a-pply them to existing lines just as well as to
lines to be constructed hereafter. But I do not
think that question answers itself, if my col-
league will allow me to say so. Conceding that
we have sovereign authority to impose these
conditions upon lines already existing ought we
to exert that authority in all cases ? If we have
authorized cables already to be laid through
the ocean, the grants of which do not reserve
to us the extraordinary powers here asserted
over cables afterward to be laid, ought we to
exert those extraordinary powers unless there
is some abuse on the part of the existing com-
panies, the companies now acting? The ex-
periment, if I may be allowed to say so, of
connecting this country with the European con-
tinent by means of a telegraphic cable was a
grand experiment, a wonderful experiment, a
very doubtful experiment in the commence-
ment, as the world knows; an experiment which
has proved grandly successful.
I do not know what were the particular con-
ditions created to the company under which
the first experiment was made ; I do not know
exactly what are the conditions under which
the Florida cable was made; I do not know that
the Committee on Foreign Relations are pre-
pared to tell us. These experiments have been
made; these lines exist. 1 suppose they are
not subject to the restrictions which this bill
proposes to impose upon cables hereafter to be
laid. Now, have they abused any powers that
have been conferred upon them so far? For
instance, this bill claims the right to regulate
by act of .Congress the price at which messages
shall be transmitted. That is a very proper
direction to give to companies which propose
in view of it to construct new lines ; and we
may have the same power to regulate the price
of messages over lines already constructed,
but will we exert, that now ? If they persistently
charge too high a price for the transmission
of messages, then will it not be time enough for
us to assert this power ? If we have it, whether
it is asserted before the line is built or not,
then we lose nothing by deferring the assertion
of the power. There is nothing to be lost. If
this Committee on Foreign Relations can tell us
that there is a pressing necessity for asserting
this power, that there has been an abuse of the
powers already conferred upon existing com-
panies that ought to be corrected now, then,
perhaps, there may be ground for asserting this
authority now. As they do not tell us that, I
think we had better recommit the bill to that
committee. I think on the whole I shall not
make that motion, but 
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is the best motion
to make.
Mr. HOWE. \ ery well; I move to recom-
mit the bill to the Committee on Foreign
Relations. °
Mr. POMEROI. I ask that my amend-
nrent may be printed, and referred with the bill
if it is to be referred. I insist upon it that the
trench cable is the one we want to legislate
about.
Jlr. RAMSEY. It the bill is to be recom-
mitted I should like to suggest an amendment
to the Senator who lias charge of the bill. On
the second page, in the seventeenth line of the
first section, after the word "cable," I think
the words "for a period of one hour in every
twelve" should be inserted, so as to read :
1 TIlc, .Jj mted Stales Government shall at all times
™S, 'lf F10 use ot any sueh 'me or cable for a
penod of one hour m every twelve.
This I understand to be presumed to be
legislation mutually advantageous to the na-
tions at both ends of the cable. We cannot
expect, of course, to impose our legislator
entirely upon each extremity of this long line.
If our proposition is to be of any value we
must give as well as take. It is not to be ex-
pected that our Government should have the
monopoly of this line for twenty-four hours or
forty-eight hours at a time; but we should be
confined to some reasonable time, say one hour
in every twelve. That is all we should expect.
It would be reasonable, probably, to concede
that to us, and we might allow the same to the
Government of the other end. It would not
do, of course, to rule out private communica-
tions entirely ; nor could you entirely exclude
communications from the Governments on the
other side ; but you should be prepared to
divide evenly with them. One hour in twelve
is as much probably as you would want.
Then, in addition to the phraseology I before
proposed inserting, " for a period of one hour
in every twelve," Iwouldadd "under regula-
tions to be established by the Postmaster Gen-
eral." You must provide some officer of this
Government to carry out the provision.
_Mr. POMEROY. That is covered by the
bill now.
Mr. RAMSEY. No, it is not. It says the
fee shall be fixed by the Postmaster General;
that is all; but you must give the general
charge of whatever interest your Government
proposes to take in this cable to some one of
your officers. Who is more appropriate than
the Postmaster General ?
Then, in the twenty-second line, I suggest
that after the word "thirdly" wo should in-
sert "general regulations for the use of the
telegraph on this side, and;" so as to make
that clause read:
Thirdly. General regulations for the use of the
telegraph on this side, and the rates to be paid tor
the transmission of any such message ov messages,
when not otherwise iixed by agreement, shall be
established by the Postmaster General of the United
States.
I only wish to say one other word. I imagine
that this legislation is induced by the course of
the French Government in granting to a com-
pany there a certain monopoly. While we are
perfectly justified in meeting them with restric-
tions upon our side, we ought not to forget at
the same time that they have been of immense
service to our people in the matter of tele-
graphing. They have reduced the charge of
ocean telegrams from five dollars a word to one
dollar, and in all our legislation we ought to
take info consideration that great service to
our country, amounting to millions of dollars.
I understand from the amendments which
have been made under the advice of the Sen-
ator having charge of the bill, that it is now
general m its character. I thought it was
objectionable before in that regard; that it gave
the virtual control to whatever monopoly the
English Government might create. I under-
stand now that that monopoly is restricted as
well as the French company.
Mr. SUMNER. My amendments are not
yet adopted.
Mr. RAMSEY. That is the proposition, at
any rate.
Mr.CONKLING. Before the bill shall take
the direction suggested by the Senator fr om
Wisconsin I beg to ask the attention of the
senator having it in charge to one or two sug-
gestions. In the first place, I submit as*a
suggestion the amendment which I indicated
to come in at the end of the bill, which I think
in few words will cover the case of the French
cable, and I ask that that go with the bill to
the committee.
Then I ask the attention of the committee
to tne matter embodied in a joint resolution
whic.i I had the honor long ago to introduce,
which is No. 12 on the Senate files and was
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
by them reported back favorably. As the
equivalent ot it, it the Senator prefers to incor-
