3472
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
dig their potatoes, and those shoes which they
buy are manufactured iu the district represented
by the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Butler,] and which manufacture is protected
by a duty of from 35 to 40 per cent. These
farmers, too, have to pay a high duty on all
the tools they use in hoeing and digging their
potatoes. They have to pay duties on their
shovels, and protection on iron manufactures
in various other forms. If we are to continue
to keep on these high protective duties, then
their labor also ought to be protected.
It is not a large interest, Mr. Chairman, but
it is an interest which comes home to these
men. It is a little interest. It may sound
like a free-trade argument, but it is one that
is used, that where you begin to protect you
must continue to protect; but it is a legitimate
argument here, where one interest is sought to
be protected and gets protection, while the
other gets the go-by. The duty proposed is
not too much when compared with other du-
ties which have been proposed, and I do not
believe this committee will do the injustice to
cut it down while the duty on almost every
other article is kept up.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOAR. Mr. Chairman, it seems to me
there can be mentioned no argument by any
person in this House in favor of. protection
which would warrant the imposing of a duty
or tax on the potato. It is the food of the very
poorest classes. It is the only alternative they
have oftentimes from actual starvation. There
are two grounds upon which protective duties
have been supported in this House. The first
is that we must protect our. domestic manu-
factures while they are acquiring the skill i
necessary to compete with the accumulated
capital and experience of foreign countries, j
Certainly no increase of skill is to be gained
by the potato-raisers of Maine in consequence
of any high duty we may impose. The other
ground on which high proteptive duties are
justifiable is that it facilitates and encour-
ages persons to engage in oome new employ-
ment. Now, the State of Maine does not
want any more of her population to enter into
agricultural pursuits, or to be encouraged in
doing so by this increase of duty on potatoes.
The State of Maine imposes her taxes to-day
upon the agricultural portion of her people, and
excludes from taxation for ten years any per-
son engaged in tnanufacturiog pursuits, to the
extent of the capital invested therein. Why
shall Congress, then, impose a tax upon the
poor Irish widow and orphan, and the lowest
class of laborers, by increasing the duty on
potatoes, when Maine herself has imposed all
ner taxes upon the agricultural classes, exclud-
ing those engaged in the manufactures from the
burden? .
Now, Mr. Chairman, one word in regard to
the suggestion that Boston is sucking up the
wealth and. population of Maine. 1 bad an
opportunity to examine the statistics profes-
sionally in regard to this question, and although
1 have not them in my head, I challenge any
gentleman from that State to deny that while
the foreign commerce of Boston has not been
retrograding but remaining stationary daring
the last ten years, that of Portland has been
increasing and multiplying at the expense of
Boston at a rate almost unparalleled in the
commercial prosperity of the pities apon this
continent. To-day the commercial prosperity
of Boston is fading away as that of her new
and promising rival, Portland, is assuming its
place, among the large commercial cities of the
United States.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HALE. 1 withdraw the amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. NIBLACK. J mo veto amend the am end-
.merit by inserting 20 cents. Mr. Chairman
•this is comparatively a very small matter; but
still it illustrates very well a principle which
is applicable to all the productions, uot only
of the 8tate of Maine, but of the whole farm-
ing community throughout the United States.
I find, sir, that during the last year there were
131,000 bushels of potatoes imported into the
United States, valued at $80,000, and upon
those we collected $32,000 of duty. I think,
therefore, I am justified in saying that this
matter of the tax on potatoes is a very small
matter, relatively speaking. But, sir, it is a
matter of some interest to the friends of this bill,
and to the friends of protection generally, that
they shall keep up the appearance of protect-
ing the product of the farmer, however small
the interest it is sought to be protected may
be. Now, except in the border States touch-
ing Canada, like the State of Maine, it is not
of the slighest importance what amount of
tariff may be put upon potatoes; it is not felt
at all. And the only purpose in the world
that it can serve is, that when free-traders, as
they are called, men who advocate a revenue
tariff only, shall assail the protection given to
certain manufacturing interests, those protec-
tionists may be able to turn round and say to
the farmers, " See how we protect your pota-
toes and the other products of the farming
interest of the country."
Sir, as one of the Representatives of the
farming interest, I am unwilling to be bought
off in this cheap way. And I desire here to
say in my place that we regard all efforts ot
this kind, all efforts to give protection to wheat,
corn, oats, and potatoes, as applicable to the
whole farming interest of the United States, as
being of the very slightest importance, and as
no compensation at all for the taxes which we
have to pay to support other great interests,
and for which this is intended as a compensa-
tion to us. It is, to use a familiar expression,
"A mere tub to the whale," and a very small
tub at that.
But what astonished me most in the course
of this discussion were some remarks of my
friend from Maine, [Mr. Peters,] who at-
tempted to make good his argument by telling
us what an undesirable population these people
inhabiting Nova Scotia are. According to that
gentleman, they are a stupid sort of folks, who
sympathized with the rebels during the war,
a class of men entitled to no sort of consider-
ation at the hands of the American people.
But before the gentleman got through he was
telling us how we could get them to become
annexed to the United States, and intimated
that by a certain line of compulsion we could
compel them to become annexed. I under-
stand one of the specialties of the gentleman
is opposition to rebels of all classes and de-
grees. Now, if these people in Nova Scotia
were during the war such rebels as he repre-
sents them to be, I have some curiosity to know
why he wants to have them annexed to the
United States.
Mr, PETERS. I will tell the gentleman.
If we took them and put them under proper
tutelage we would make them in time good
citizens and a valuable portion of our popula-
tion.
Mr. NIBLACK. I think we have got enough
tptelage on our hands> at this time, and a suf-
ficient number of pupils to educate to loyalty,
without having any others brought in for that
purpose. .... ,
Mr. PETERS., I would further say to the
gentleman that these people would not need so
much reconstruction as we have had to pro-
vide for the rebels of the South; but still they
would need some.
Mr. NIBLACK. The gentlemen who would
undertake this work of reconstructing this peo-
ple, unless they can be a little more successful
with them than they have been with the people
of the South, had better get out of this business
of reconstruction altogether and turn their
attention to something else.
Mr. SCHENCK. Is debate on the pending
amendment exhausted?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I move that all fur-
ther debate on this paragraph shall cease.
Mr. PETERS. Let me have one moment.
Mr. Chairman, I desire to say that, I think it is
very consistent in the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Butler,] whom we have seen
at a fever heat about getting a tariff on the
cotton which the farmer wears for his shirt, on
the shoes which he wears, on all the woolens
which he wears, and upon all the farming tools
which he uses, articles every one or nearly
every one of which the farmer of the State of
Maine buys of Massachusetts, paying that State
tribute and giving her profit upon them now
and for half a century past—I say it is very
consistent in the gentleman now to turn around
and refuse any protection to the State of Maine,
when this small item is reached, one of the
very few items in which the State of Maine is
interested. When, afterall those items of this
tariff have been gone over, and many others,
fixing heavy taxation upon the farmers of" our
State—when, after having passed all those
items, the gentleman now insists that there is no
necessity for any duty on potatoes, I think 1 may
repeat the remark I made some time ago that
such a sentiment toward us is a little that of a
sucker. And, Mr. Chairman, the question of
potatoes, as large as it is, or as small as it may be,
is a question before this committee to-night,
from our standpoint between the Stateof Maine
and the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, and
with all the duties that the latter has got from
hooks and eyes and hair-pins up to the largest
articles of machinery and the products of
machinery, I want to know whether the House
I will stand by us, the farmers of Maine, or by
these gentlemen from Massachusetts?
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to close debate on
this paragraph.
The motion was agreed to.
All formal amendments being withdrawn,
the question recurred on the amendment of
Mr. Peters, to strike out "15" and insert
"25;" so that the clause should read, "On
potatoes, 25 cents per bushel."
Mr. McCARTHY. I wish to suggest to the
gentleman from Maine that he rnqve to strike
out the paragraph. That will leave t,he duty
at 25 cents.a bushel.
Mr. PETERS. No; I wpujd rather Bee it
before my eyes. [Laughter,]
The amendment was agreed to,
Mr. PLATT. I move to insert immediately
after this paragraph, "On peanats, 2 cents
per pound."
In explanation of this amendment I wish to
say 
Th6 CHAIRMAN. Debate on this para-
graph has been closed.
Mr. PLATT. I ask unanimous consent of
the committee that it be put in.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman can offer
the amendment, but cannot discuss it.
Mr. PLATT. Then I will withdraw it until
the next clause ia read.
The Clerk read as follows:
On paddy, 1 cent per pound.
Mr. PLATT. I now offer my amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I would ask the gentleman
to reserve his amendment until we dispose of
rice ; otherwise he will separate the different
kinds of rice. .
Mr. PLATT. Very well; I will wait until
the next clause is Tead.
The Clerk read as follows:
On rice, cleaned or unclean ed, 2 cents per pound,
Mr. PLATT. I now renew my amendment.
Mr. BUCKLEY. I desire to offer an amend-
ment on the subject of rice before we leave the
paragraph. ,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. And so
d°The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understood
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] to •
suggest to the gentleman from "Virginia LM!fj
Platt] that he withhold his amendment until
the paragraph relating to rice should be_ read.
Mr. SCHENCK, Yes; until rice is dis-
posed of.
