1584
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
to the Committee on Education and Labor;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 443) to release
from Government reservation the island of
Yerba Buena, or Goat Island, in the bay of
San Francisco, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration, and that it be referred
to the Committee on the Pacific Railroad;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
the subject was referred, reported a joint reso-
luXion (S. R. No. 140) appointing managers of
the National Asylum for Disabled Volunteer
Soldiers; which was read, and passed to a
second readiug.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. LEWIS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
597) to authorize the authorities of the city of
Washington, District of Columbia, to indorse
the bonds of the Southern Maryland Railroad
Company; which was read twice by its title,
referred to tlie Committee on the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by uuanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 598) to enforce the amendment of the Con-
stitution declaring that the right to vote shall
not be denied or abridged on account of race,
color, or previous condition of servitude; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. EDMUNDS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 599) to amend-an act entitled "An act
providing for the taking of the seventh and sub-
sequent censuses of the United States, and to
fix the number of the members of the House of
Representatives, and to provide for their future
apportionment among the several States,"
approved May 23, 1850; which was read twice
by its title.
Mr. EDMUNDS. As thatbill is chiefly one
of penalties in aid of the old law, I move that
it be referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary and printed, and I feel more at liberty to
do this from the fact that I heartily concur in
the report of the committee that had the gen-
eral subject under consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 600) to provide for the disposition of fine3,
penalties, and forfeitures; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ROSS asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 601)
to incorporate the Kansas, Indian Territory,
and Gulf Railway Company, and to enable the
Missouri River, Fort Seott, and Gulf and the
Leavenworth, Lawrence, and Galveston Rail-
road Companies to unite upon and construct
a single track through the Indian territory and
to reach the Golf; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 602)
to grant the right of way for the Alameda road
through certain lands in the State of California;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 141) to provide for sur-
vey and estimates of cost of removing obstruc-
tions from the Bayou Teche, in the State of
Louisiana; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 142) for the relief of William
M. Kimball; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ROSS. I desire to give notice of an
amendment which I propose to offer to the bill
j (S. No. 529) to provide for the sale ofthe Great
and Little Osage Indian reservations, in the
State of Kansas, and for the settlement of said
j Indians in the Indian territory. I ask to have
| the amendment printed, and laid on the table.
; The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
| will be received informally, and ordered to be
| printed.
\ PRINTING FOR STATE DEPARTMENT.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following
' resolution ; which was referred to the Commit-
i tee oil Printing:
I Jlenolved, That there shall be printed for the use of
M the Department of State five hundred copies of each
I document transmitted by that Department to either
House of Congress in response to resolutions of Euoh
House.
AMENDMENT OF RULES.
Mr. POMEROY submitted the following
i resolution for consideration:
Eetolved, That the following proviso be added to
the fifteenth rule of the Senate:
Provided That if there bo no unfinished business
the bills and joint resolutions as they stand upon
i tho Calendar shall be proceeded with in theirorder;
and no bill or joint resolution shall be considered
| out of its order unless by a two-thirds vote of the
Senate; but this shall not beheld to affect questions
of privilege and privileged questions.
Mr. HOWARD. I think that had better
lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Or be referred
to the Committee on the Rules?
Mr. POMEROY. If it is to lie over I
, move that it be referred to the Committee on
S Revision of the Rules.
| Mr. HOWARD. Very well.
j The motion wa3 agreed to.
J AMERICAN INTERESTS IN CHINA AND JAPAN.
Mr. STEWART submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be requested
to furnish the Senate with any information in bis
Department as to what legislation is necessary to
insure the administration of justice and to protect
American interests in China and Japan, and whether
any funds have been received from those countries
which can be applied to theerection of suitablelega-
■ i tion buildings, post offices, court-houses, and jails;
; and th a t the Secretary be also requested to make any
, suggestions and recommendations on this suhject
I which he may deem proper.
SETTLERS ON LANDS GRANTED FOR RAILROADS. :
Mr. HOWELL submitted the following j|
resolution for consideration:
Betolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be
instructed to insert in all bills hereafter reported for '
grants of land to aid in the construction of railroads
a provision which will secure the rights of settlers to
homesteads on said grants and require that the sale
of the lands thereof shall be made at the same price
as the alternate sections of the Government lands, in
order to promote the speedy occupation of said lands
and the rapid settlement of the section of country in
which theymay be located, and to protect the people,
against the evils of land monopoly.
Mr. HOWARD. Let that lie over.
Mr. POMEROY. I object to its considera-
tion now.
Mr. HOWELL. I propose, if I can have
the indulgence of the Senate, to call np the
resolution to-morrow morning and submit some
remarks upon it.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection to
the Senator making his remarks at this time,
if he chooses.
Mr. HOWELL. To-morrow morning will
suit me. >.
RECOMMITTAL OF A BILL.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 12) authorizing the sale /
of a portion of the Fort Leavenworth military ;
reservation to the Kansas Agricultural and Me-
chanical Association of Leavenworth county,
| in the State of Kansas, for fair grounds, which
j was introduced at the first session of this Con-
J gress, and withdrawn by order of the Senate
1 from the Military Committee, be, with the i
papers now present, referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
FRANKING PRIVILEGE PETITIONS.
The following petitions for the abolition of
the franking privilege were filed with the Sec-
retary, and ordered to lie on the table:
By the VICE PRESIDENT: Seven peti-
tions from citizens of various States.
By Mr. THURMAN: Three petitions from
citizens of Ohio.
By Mr. DAVIS: A petition from citizens of
Kentucky.
By Mr. HARLAN: Two petitions from citi-
zens of Iowa.
NORTHERN PACIFIC RAILWAY.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to take up Senate
joint resolution No. 121.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (S. R. No. 121)
authorizing the Northern Pacific Railroad Com-
pany to issue its bonds for the construction of
its road, and to secure the same by mortgage.
It proposes to authorize the Northern Pacific
Railroad Company to issue its bonds to aid in
the construction and equipment of its road,
and to secure the same by mortgage on its
property and rights of property of all kinds
and descriptions, real, personal, and mixed,
including its franchise as a corporation ; and
as proof and notice of its legal execution and
effectual delivery, the mortgage is to be filed
and recorded in the office of the Secretary of
the Interior; and when so filed is to be deemed
to be a good and sufficient conveyance of all
the rights and property of the company as
therein expressed; and also to locate and con-
struct its main road to its western terminus,
via the valley of the Columbia river, with the
right to locate and construct its branch from
some convenient point on its main trunk line,
across the Cascade mountains to Puget sound;
and in the event of there not being in any State
or Territory in which the maiB line or branch
shall be located at the time of the final loca-
tion thereof the amount of lands, per mile,
granted by Congress to the company, within
the limits prescribed by its charter, then the
company is to be entitled to receive so many
sections of land belonging to the United States,
and designated by odd numbers, in such State
or Territory as will make up such deficiency
on the main line or branch.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee
on the Pacific Railroad report various amend-
ments to the joint resolution, which will be
reported in their order.
The Chief Clerk read the first amendment
of the committee: which was in line thirteen,
after the word " construct," to insert the words
" under the provisions and with the privileges
and duties provided for in its act of incorpora-
tion and the amendments thereto;" so as to
read:
And, as proof and notice of its legal execution
and effectual delivery, said mortgage shall be filed
and recorded in the office of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, and when so filed shall be deemed to be a good
and sufficient convoyanoeof all the rights and prop-
erty of said company as therein expressed, and also
to locate and construct, under the provisions and
with the privileges and duties provided for in its act
of incorporation and the amendments thereto, its
main road to its western terminus, via the valley of
I the Columbia river.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twenty-one,
after the word "branch," to strike out the word
"shall" and insert the word "may;" so as to
read:
And in the event of there not being in any State
or Territory in which said main line or branch may
be located, at the time of the final location thereof, Ac.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twenty-
four, after the word "entitled," to insert the
words "under the directions of the Secretary
of the Interior;" so as to read:
Then said company shall he entitled, under tha
