5360
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
six weeks after the approval of the act of
March 7,1870, removing disabilities. In about
five weeks from that time forty-three of these
names had been reported, and they had been
reported six weeks before the approval of the
enforcement bill,on the 31stday of May, 1870.
These are the facts about this matter. There
was no great haste. In five weeks forty-three
of these men had passed an examination before
the committee and iiad been reported to this
body. That is thefact. Andnowlwouldaskthe
Senator from Missouri, a distinguished and an
able lawyer, whether he proposes to convert the
Senate of the United States into astar chamber
or a Spanish inquisition ? Are we to take up
men here on ex parte evidence and condemn
them? Ifthese men have been guilty of crime,
or have offended against the law, they are
amenable to law ami should be punished by
law. I hold that the gentleman himself and
that this body are estopped from taking the
position he has taken this day. You have
already removed, by the act of the 7th of
March, 1S70, the disabilities of a large num-
ber of men who at that particular time, on that
very day, were holding office in the State of
Kentucky. The auditor of Kentucky came
here in company with Albert G. Hodges, one
of the leading Radicals of that State, a man
whose kindly disposition renders him always
willing to do an act of goodness. The case of
the auditor of Kentucky was stated to mem-
bers of this body by himself and Hodges, pri-
vately, to be sure, upon my introduction, and
hispoliticaldisabilities were removed. Richard
[lawes, the judge of the county court of my col-
league's county, a man against whom the tongue
of slander never uttered a word, had his dis-
abilities removed, heholding office at the time.
General Joseph Ii. Lewis was a member of
our Kentucky Legislature; and his disabilities
were removed and he was elected to Congress
to (ill the unexpired term of Mr. Golladay, who
had resigned. I ask if those who did hold
small offices in Kentucky were not justified in
the conclusion that they were committing no
crime?
This has been the action of this body; and
1 tell this Senate that the names in the present
bill have the recommendation of every dele-
gate from Kentucky in the other House, with
whom my colleague and myself join. Know-
ing myself a large numberof these petitioners,
J tell you that a more respectable lot of gen-
tlemen cannot be found in any State of the
Union. 1 know a very large proportion of
them myself. My colleague knows them. We
knew what we were doing when wo recom-
mended them to this body as worthy of this
relief; and I am sorry that the precedents of
the Senate themselves have to be outraged by
the Senator from Missouri. They have re-
moved disabilities of men who were at the
time, as he construes it, violating the Consti-
tution of the United States; and were these
gentlemen to conclude that they were to be
singled out and disfranchised, when other men
doing the same thing had had their disabilities
removed ?
Mr. President, I feci a good deal of interest
in this subject. 1 think 1 have answered the
position taken by the Senator. 1 have shown
that forty-three of these men handed in their
petitions before the loth day of April last, that
the enforcement bill to enforce the fourteenth
amendment was approved on the 31st of May
following, and the probability is that very lew
of these petitions were piesented subsequently
tu the olsi day of May. I feel, as I have re-
marked, a deep concern in this matter.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Kentucky whether all the
persons whose names are in the bill now before
the Senate have asked to have their disabilities
removed ?
Mr. McCREERY. Every solitary one of
the iv.,
Mr. MORTON. Over their own signatures?
Mr. McCREERY. Yes, sir. In one or two
instances letters were written to me where the
parties were not acquainted with the forms, and
I filed the letters as petitions.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Every one has asked it?
Mr. McCREERY. Yes, sir. Youwillfind
in the bill reported by the Senator from Mis-
sissippi oil the 15th day of April forty-three of
these names.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him one other question ? He has
answered that they have all, either by letter or
by formal petition, asked to have their disabil-
ities i-emovod. Now, [ wanttoask anotherques-
tion : how many names are in this bill ?
Mr. McCREERY. Seventy-five names.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And forty three have
been reported favorably before ?
Mr. McCREERY. You may say fifty-three,
because the bill that followed this, the largo
bill reported by the Senator from South Caro-
lina, contained ten others.
Mr. DRAKE. More than twenty names not
in either of the preceding bills are here.
Mr. McCREERY. The Senator from Mis-
souri is correct; there are about twenty names
here which are not iu cither of the preceding
bills; but they have asked for it over their own
signatures, and these petitioners have been
indorsed by the delegation from Kentucky and
by myfiiend who sits on my right, [Mr. D.vvis,]
to say nothing of myself. Certainly no Sen-
ator will be inclined to question a statement
of fact made by Hon. Gaiuiett Davis, of
Kentucky.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to ask one other
question. Can the Senator read the names
of those who were not reported upon, that the
Senate may hear the names; not those that
have been reported in former bills, but I un-
derstand there are here some twenty or thirty
not before reported on ?
Mr. McCREERY. I will say that there are
twenty-one or twenty-two names iu this bill
not before reported.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator read
those?
Mr. McCREERY. How can I distinguish
them? L have made alphabetical lists ; I can
take either list with the bill and read them
over, and Senators can look for themselves
and see whoso name has been reported and
whose has not.
Mr. TR'JMBULL. If the Senator could
give us those twenty-odd names 
Mr. DRAKE. 1 move that this bill be
referred to the Committee on the Removal
of Political Disabilities.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kentucky is on the floor unless he sur-
renders it.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to ask one or two
questions. Were any of these parties persons
who were members of Congress, and who with-
drew from Congress for the purpose of going
into the rebellion?
Mr. McCREERY. If there is one of these
parties who was a member of the United States
Congress I do not know it.
Mr. HARLAN. Was any one of them an
otlicer of the regular Army and withdrew for
the purpose of entering the rebel service, or a
graduate of West Point?
Mr. McCREERY. There is one of them
who was an officer in the regular Army and
withdrew to go in the rebel service, I think.
Mr. HARLAN. Can the honorable Senator
point out that man ?
Mr. McCREERY. Gustavus W. Smith ; and
I would remark in behalf of that petitioner that
I have been told that his circumstances at this
time are very reduced.
Mr. JOHNSTON. The Senator is mistaken
about Gustavus W. Smith. Gustavus W. Smith
was holding a civil office in the city of Nuw
York.
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly, he was street
commissioner.
Mr. MeCREERYr. I am very glad the Sen-
ator from Virginia corrected me. I intended
to answer correctly, and I answered as I under-
stood the facts.
Mr. JOHNSTON. General Smith was hold-
ing a civil office in the city at New York at the
time the war broke out.
Mr. SPENCER. lie was a graduate at West
Point.
Mr. McCREERY. I am told that the health
of General Smith at this time is most preca-
rious, and it was during the war. He is para-
lyzed; but I am told that at this time he can
get a small office connected somehow or other
with insurances under the auditor of Kentucky
if his disabilities are removed. 1 thought it a
strong case, and think so now, and 1 do not
believe the Senate will be inclined to higgle
about this name.
Mr. CONKLING. As I contributed the fact
that Gustavus W. Smith was street commis
sioner of the city of New York, I will say that
I did not mean to contribute it in the direction
in which the Senator from Kentucky employs
it. I did not know that Gustavus W. Smith
was paralyzed. If I believed as much as those
of greater faith do in the general harmony of
things I should not wonder that lie is par-
alyzed. When the war began he held in the
city of New York a lucrative and honorable
place; and it is true, therefore, that without
the extenuation arising from the force of ex-
ample, of locality, and of surrounding, this
man, who had been conspicuously treated with
kindness in a free State, flung down the op-
portunities which he enjoyed to go into the
rebellion. I confess I am surprised to see that
his name is in this bill. If paralysis has over-
taken him, 1 do not know but that, people of
greater faith than I might suppose that even
that is something more than one of the mere
accidents of things.
Mr. HOWARD. Let me inquire of the
Senator from New York whether he was a
citizen of the State of New York?
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, sir; within the defi-
nition of the Democratic lexicon m t.he city
of New York ; he was resident enough to be
put in a position of large emolument and great
power.
Mr. HOWARD. "What office did he hold
there ?
Mr. CONKLING. He held the office of
street commissioner, I think.
Mr. HO \VARD. Yes, I recollect now.
Mr. CONKLING. It was either the office
ofstreetcommissioner or an office which, though
possibly going by a title which I do not state
precisely, was that office in substance. I am
able to give that assurance. When the war
broke out, with two or three men who belonged
to the same coterie with him, and who like him
had been conspicuously treated with gener-
osity and kindness in the community which he
deserted, he turned against,itand went, into the
rebellion. I am sorry for him if he is par-
alyzed. I am sorry for him as a man ; I am sorry
for htm as a Senator; but 1 confess 1 listen
with some surprise to the suggestion that Gus-
tavus \v. Smith,who was educated and nurtured
at the public cost, and who afterward drew
against the country the sword the country gave
him and taught him how to wield, comes hero
so hastily after the blood has dried which he
helped to spill and seeks condonation for his
okenses.
Mr. McCREERY. Mr. President, I sup-
pose that General Smith may have relied on
precedent, and supposed the Senate and the
Congress of ihe United States would be in-
clined to extend to him the same courtesv and
justice they had extended to others. General
omitu, as 1 understand, shoulv after going
South was stricken with paralysis or di.?ea.,?
of some soit, so that be was able to perform
no service. I mink the Senator from New
1 oik Will agree with me that he performed less
than General Longstreet; and, not attempting
l-'^ecede General Longstreet, but coming in
months am. years after nun, X expect General
11LJ Inay thought there would be very
