1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1585
directions the Secretary of the Interior, torweiTe
Smaiiy sections of land belonging to th« United
States, and designated by odd numbers.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twenty-
seven, after the word "Territory," to insert
the words " within ten miles on each side of
said road beyond the limits prescribed in said
charter;" so as to read:
In such State or Territory, within ten miles on
e*cU side of said road beyond the limits prescribed
in said charter, as will make up such deficiency on
said main line or branch.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was at the end of the
joint resolution, to insert the following:
And that twenty-five miles of said main line be-
tween its western terminus and thecity of Portland,
in tho vStateof Oregon, shall be completed bythelst
day of January, A. I). 1S72, and forty miles of tbo
remaining portion thereof each year thereafter, until
the whole shall be completed between said points.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to strike out
the clause beginning after the words "'Paget
sound," in line nineteen, to the end of that
sentence in line thirty.
The words proposed to be stricken out were
read, as follows:
And mi the event of there not being in any State or
Territory in which said main line or branch may bo
located fit the time of the final location thereof tho
amount of lands per mile granted by Congress to said
company within the limits prescribed by its charter,
then said company shall be entitled, under the direc-
tions of the Secretary of the Interior, to receive bo
many sections of land belonging to the United States
and designated by odd numbers in such State or Ter-
ritory within ten miles on each side of said road
beyond the limits prescribed in said charter as will
make up sttch deficiency on said main line or branch. ,
Mr. HARLAN. I desire the attention of ;
ihe Senate to this provision. The members of
the body may not all be aware of the extent
of the grant heretofore made to this company.
By reference to the original act it will be seen
that the company is entitled by law to one half
of the land for the space of forty miles on each
side of this proposed road so far as the line
shall be located in a Territory, and within the
States to one half that quantity, so that out-
side of the State of Minnesota, and possibly
the State of Oregon, if any part of the road
should be located in that State, for a distance
of one thousand or twelve hundred miles the
original charter grants half the lands in a strip
of eighty miles in width. Now, this provision
is an additional grant of half the land for
twenty more miles, making one half the land
in a strip of one hundred miles in width across
half the continent.
I am aware that the land is not all good
agricultural land ; but I submit to the Senate,
and especially to the members representing
western States, whether we can in good con-
science ask the Congress of the United States
to enlarge that grant?
Mr. KELLOGG- Will the Senator from
Iowa permit me. to inquire what the extent of
the additional subsidy given by this resolu-
tion is?
Mr. HARLAN. It proposes to give half
the land for an additional distance of ten miles
on each side of the road.
Mr. KELLOGG. In addition to the old
grant?
Mr. HARLAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWARD. I know that the Senator
from Iowa does not intend to misstate the effect
of the joint resolution.
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly not.
Mr. HOWARD. Well, sir, the joint reso-
lution does not grant any additional lands
beyond those lands which were contemplated
by the charter itself. He stated correctly the
effect of the charter. This resolution only
authorizes the company in cases where lands
which otherwise would have belonged to the
company have been taken up by settlers on
homesteads to go beyond the limits of the odd
sections to the extent of ten miles on each
side of the road to make up the deficiency.
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 100.
That ia all. He is entirely incorrect, he will
pardon me for saying, when he informs the
Senate that the joint resolution contains an
additional grant of land to the company. Where
the odd section has been taken up and occu-
pied by homestead settlers, or by preemption,
it cannot be taken by the company at present,
under existing laws; and the effect of the
clause which he now desires to strike ont is to
enable the company to make up for such defi-
ciencies by seeding lands to the extent of ten
miles beyond its line on each side. It gives
them really no additional land.
Mr. KELLOGG. So they have fifty miles.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator from Mich-
igan and I do not differ at all in relation to
the facts to which I called the attention of the
Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to ask the
Senator from Michigan if this clause does not
give them any additional land why does he
put it in?
"" ' " In order that they may
Mr. HARLAN,
acquire more land.
Mr. POME HOY
Mr. KELLOGG.
Mr. HARLAN.
Of course. J
Certainly ; that is it. ]
Land that they would not
acquire under the law as it nOw stands.
Now, Mr. President, what has been the bis*
tory of grants of land in aid of the construc-
tion of railroads? The first laws enacted pro-
vided for the grant of three sections on each
side of the land-grant railroad. This was the
extent, all told, and no more. The grant made
to Illinois, and originally to Iowa and the other !
States in the North and Southwest, provided \
that the alternate sections for the space of six
miles on each side of the line of the road might
be granted to aid in the construction of the
road; but here the original law provides that
half the lands for a space of ten miles on each
side within the States and for twenty miles in
width on each side of the line of the road within
the Territories shall be granted. Now, I sub-
mit to the friends of this measure if that is not
enough. The time may come when we may
want to aid another railroad on the northern
end of this continent; and would it be well to
exhaust the whole public domain in that part
of our possessions in aiding in the construction
of one road? When you give half of all the
land you possess for the space of forty miles
lying on each side of the line of the road is.it
not enough, the whole grant being half of a
strip eighty miles wide? You may in time
want another railroad nearer to this line of
road than forty miles. You may desire to have
public lands to aid in the construction of such
a line.
But, independent of all such considerations,
is not the grant as it now stands large enough ?
If the road can be built by the donation of
public lands at all, when you have granted forty
sections to the mile have you not granted
enough 1 If the majority of the Senate shall
differ from me in opinion I shall shift the
responsibility front my shoulders to theirs. I
efclf their attention to the facts in this case.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr, President, it is cer-
tainly vety proper that the honorable Senator
should call the attention of the Senate to the
bill under consideration and its provisions.
Allow me to say a few words. The Committee
on the Pacific Railroad have had this matter
under consideration at repeated meetings, and
the measure now before the Senate is the result
of their labor.
This iAmense enterprise, the Northern Pa-
cific railroad, in my judgment quite as import-
ant as any other enterprise of that description,
intended to connect the Pacific ocean at Puget
sound with the eastern portion of the United
States, was inaugurated in 1864 by a grant of
lands to the corporation created by act of Con-
gress upon the terms and in the quantities
described by iny honorable friend who has just
addressed the Senate. We have given to this
enterprise no cash subsidy whatever. Not a
dollar of money has gone out of the Treasury
of the United States to aid them in this vast
undertaking—an undertaking, I venture to
say here, quite as important to the interests of
the United States and to the commerce of the
world as the Union Pacific railroad or any
other existing or projected Pacific railroad of
which we have any knowledge. It involves
the expenditure of perhaps $100,000,000. I
think it will involve more than that in the end;
but it will ultimately be constructed, because
the wants of commerce and the necessities of
the country require it.
The company have been laboring under great
embarrassments since their incorporation, but
during the present month they have commenced
work upon the road, and they have at this time
some hundreds of men engaged in grading the
road. They are anxious to raise money, as is
natural for them to be, to carry on this great
enterprise. They must issue their mortgage
bonds for the purpose of raising money to
pay laborers ana to pay the manufacturers of
their rolling-stock and every other species of
expense. There is no other way for them to
raise it except by issuing the mortgage bonds
of the company and negotiating them in the
market, unless they put their hands in their
own pockets and take out the cash and bear
the expenses in that way. They are about to
issue their bonds and put them upon the mar-
ket for the purposes of contracting a large loan.
What they want is a distinct and clear author-
ity in their charter authorizing them to mort-
gage, not only their line of road, but the lands
which belong to them, or which may belong to
thera, under their charter. These lauds are to
be granted to them in sections of twenty or
thirty miles each as fast as the road is com-
pleted ; and as the Senator from Iowa says,
they have under their charter the right to every
alternate section of land for ten miles on each
side of the line in the States through which the
road passes, and for th$ space of twenty miles
on each side of the line through the Territories
of the United States.
Mr. HARLAN. Twenty sections on each
side.
Mr. HOWARD. Alternate sections. I state
the contents of the charter with accuracy ; I
intend to do so. Well, sir, capitalists enter-
tain a little apprehension that, there may be
some doubt or uncertainty about the power of
the corporation to mortgage the lauds, the title
to which they have nofcyetacquired absolutely,
and hence they want a distinct authority put
in their charter for that purpose. That is the
first want which they now feel.
Now, through the State of Minnesota and
along some other portions of thp line these
lands, including the odd sections, have been
taken up by settlers and by homestead owners,
so that the benefit of this grant of laad has been
considerably impaired in the State of Minne-
sota and elsewhere by settlers *na by home-
stead owners. What they waa| is to nave this
grant of land as it exMtsin their charter simply
made good to them throughout their whole
line, and to be allowed, where there are defi-
ciencies in consequence of homestead settle-
ments and preemptions, to go beyond the limits
of their twenty miles or forty miles, as the case
may be, and to take up lands of the United
States lying between the outer limit and a line
ten miles beyond the outer limit merely to
make up the deficiency which may have been
occasioned by homesteads and preemptions.
That is all that is embraced in this section ot
the bill. n ...
I think that is reasonable. The Committee
on the Pacific Railroad thought so. The char-
ter itself gives the ia the right already to go ten
, miles beyond the outer limit of their sections
i to make up these deficiencies; but they say that
! lands have been taken up in such quantities
' and are now being taken up in such quantities
! by settlers, who follow the tracks of their aur-
; veyors and seize upon the best tracts or land
■ aa settlers or homestead owners, that they fear
[ this donation will be greatly impaired iu value
