1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5361
little difficulty in his getting through. This is
the only answer I will make to that remark of
the Senator from New York. I have no idea
that Senator will oppose this bill or oppose the
passage of the relief, as far as General Smith
ie concerned.
Mr. President, I ask the passage of this
measure at the hands of the Senate of the
United States as an offering of kindness to a
departing brother. The march of time ad-
monishes me that ere long I shall leave this
splendid Hall with its beauteo"usly carved ceil-
ing and pictured skylights, and perhaps the
place which now knows me will know me no
more forever. I will retire to a home of far
humbler pretensions than this, and when I
shall be there I shall think of you oftener than
you will think of me, and when my thoughts
do turn in this direction it will he a pleasing
reflection that my last appeal to your justice
and magnanimity was not made in vain.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, when I was
up before I spoke of one of the persons named
in this bill, Mr. McCreary. I ought not to do
him injustice, and would not consciously. The
person to whom I alluded was not a McCreary;
but William C. McCleary, entirely a different
individual. McCleary was one of the persons
charged before the military commission who
tried the assassins of President Lincoln; a
very different person, I dare say, from the one
alluded to in this bill. I wish to do McCreary
the justice to make this public announcement,
for I was mistaken as to the name.
Mr. McCREERY. I thank the Senator from
Michigan for his correction.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, we know
so little about the persons named in this bill,
and it is likely to give rise to so much discus-
sion, that I really think we had better commit
the bill to the Committee on Disabilities, and
let them examine carefully and report it as
speedily as practicable. I would not deprive
the Senator from Kentucky of the pleasure
which I know it will give him to pass this bill,
so far, at least, as the names that are in it may
be worthy ; but I think it needs examination,
and I therefore move that the bill be referred
to the Committee on Disabilities.
Mr. NYE. I wish to make a suggestion, if
it is in order. There are, no doubt, a large
number of these names proposed by the hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky as to which
there will be no objection to removing the par-
ties' disabilities. A large number have been
before reported. Now, I submit to the Sen-
ator, from Kentucky to allow the na.me of Gen-
eral Smith to go to this committee for investi-
gation, and we can pass the rest of them at once,
as a matter of courtesy and of right to him.
Mr. DRAKE. There are twenty which have
not been to any committee.
Mr. NYE. I submit to the honorable Sen-
ator whether the course I suggest would not
be the better way?
Mr. McCREERY. I expect to be satisfied
with the action of the Senate, except so far as
the passage of the motion of the gentleman
from Missouri is concerned. If this bill is
referred at this time I have no idea that we
shall hear from it again this session. We know
the labors of the Committee on Disabilities;
we know they have passed on between four
and five thousand names; and it is utterly
impossible, if this bill is now referred, that we
shall hear from it again at this session.
Mr. NYE. I think the honorable Senator
from Kentucky will see the propriety of taking
out, for instance, General Smith, and names
like that.
Mr. McCREERY. If the Senator wants
that case referred, very well.
Mr. NYE. Then let us take out the objec-
tionable names and pass the rest.
The VICE PRESIDENT. No motion is in
order while the motion to refer is pending.
Mr. STEWART. If the Senator from Michi-
gan will withdraw his motion I will move an
amendment. I move that the Clerk strike out
41st Cong. 2d Sess.-—No. 336.
Smith's name, and the names not reported in
the other bills, and with that amendment let
the bill be put on its passage.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will require
unanimous consent during the pendency of
the motion to refer.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
from Nevada be content to strike out the name
of General Smith ?
Mr. STEWART. I shall be content with
almost anything. I want to facilitate business.
Mr. RICE. I have one objection to the
suggestion made by the Senator from Nevada.
The names from Kentucky that are in the other
bill should have no preference over names from
other States. I want that other bill to pass,
including the names that are in it from Ken-
tucky ; but I should be unwilling to carve out
one State from that bill, pass that by itself,
and then leave Arkansas and the other States
out.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Arkansas objects. The motion to refer is
pending.
Mr. MORTON. Is it in order to make a
motion ?
The VICE PRESIDENT.^ Some motions
would be in order. A motion to refer has
priority of a motion to amend. The Sena-
tor from Michigan has moved to refer. That
has priority of a motion to amend, except by
unanimous consent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the bill will not
be referred. We have repeatedly, let me say
to the Senator from Arkansas, passed bills in
reference to particular States. We did it for
Mississippi. I think the better way would be
not to refer the bill. I feel exceedingly anx-
ious to accommodate the Senator from Ken-
tucky, after the statement he has made.
Mr. HOWARD. There seems to be a dis-
position to act on this bill finally, and I there-
fore withdraw my motion to commit; but I beg
to say a word. I can never vote to remove
disabilities from those persons named in the
bill whose names have not been before the reg-
ular committee of this body for investigation.
For instance, there is the name of Mr. Smith.
According to my recollection his case was a
most wanton one. He was educated at the
Military Academy of the United States, and
raised in the free State of New York ; he had
received employment in the city of New York,
and went off to the rebellion and joined the
southern insurgents without any excuse or
apology at all, not even the apology of resi-
dence in the insurgent States.
Mr. CRAGIN. Let us strike out that name.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope that name will be
stricken out; for if there is anything in the
world, in my judgment, that shows a bad char-
acter, it is the act of a military officer who has
taken the formal oath to be true to the flag and
then goes off wantonly, without excuse deserts
his flag, and joins the enemies of his country.
Why, sir, that will never do. I move, there-
fore, to strike out the name of Gustavus W.
Smith.
The VICE PRESIDENT. 'The Senatorfrom
Nevada [Mr. Stewart] has already moved to
strike out that name and the other twenty
names not reported on by the Committee on
Disabilities; which amendment was only sus-
pended by the pendency of the motion of the
Senator from Michigan.
Mr. HOWARD. Let me say one word fur-
ther. Let me inquire whether the twenty will
include the name of Basil W. Duke. I believe
he was on the staff of General Morgan. Was
not that so ? I should be very sorry to remove
the disabilities of such a man without some
peculiar reason.
Mr. McCREERY. I will attempt to give
the gentleman a reason. I know Basil Duke
very well. He went into the war, and like all
other men who entered, I suppose he went in
to do what he regarded as a soldier's duty.
If he ever went beyond that it has never come
to my knowledge, and I do not believe it. He
fought through the war, and when he came
out of the war his poverty was the best recom-
mendation that I could have of his integrity ;
for it was an occasion that furnished oppor-
tunity for spoils, and he never stained his hand
in any way that has ever come to my knowl-
edge. I suppose, as I remarked before, that
he went in to do his best; and it is more than
likely that he, Morgan, Longstreet, and every
other man who joined that standard, went in
for the same purpose.
I should dislike to see the name of this gen-
tleman stricken out. I should dislike to see
that punishment visited upon him. He is a
poor man, a man of culture, a man who passes
in all ranks of society as a gentleman. He has
a young and rising family on his hands. I
should like to see him, with all these other men,
out loose to pursue the same line of promotion
that belongs to the other citizens of this eoun
try. I cannot see in the case of Basil Duke
anything so peculiar that his name should be
stricken out from a bill of this description.
Mr. WILSON. Has he asked for relief?
Mr. McCREERY. Yes, sir; he has asked
for it, and he has been recommended by other
persons; and I had hopes that when this bill
came up it would pass this body unscratched
of a single name.
Mr. CAMERON. I am very anxious to
gratify the Senator from Kentucky; there is
hardly anything in reason that I would not do
to gratify him; but I never will vote to take
the disabilities off such a man as Gustavus W.
Smith. I remember the impression his leav-
ing New York made upon the patriots of this
country at the time. It was done with a flour-
ish of trumpets. It was said that here was a
man holding one of the most lucrative offices
in this country, who gave it up to go to the
South and fight in the cause of his countrymen
against ours. Ho is a mau who had received
his education from the Government, the very
education which gave him the office at Now
York, and the one which gave him all the dis-
tinction he had in his life; and he was not con-
tent with throwing that up and going quietly
to his countrymen down there, but he made a
flourish of it, and boasted himself that he gave
up this office yielding him, as I was told, forty
or fifty thousand dollars a year, to sustain that
cause which he called a holy one. How can
gentlemen here vote to take the disabilities off
such a man as he?
Reference has been made to Longstreet.
Longstreet never ought to have had the office
he holds. It was a wrong done to the men
against whom he fought, a wrong done to the
men who were killed, and a wrong done to the
orphans and widows which his position in the
southern army enabled him to make. I forget
my kindliness whenever such cases are brought
up here for us to act on. Gentlemen ought to
remember that the orphans and widows and
the Relatives of the slain upon this side of the
line have feelings which ought to have some
sympathy and some regard as well as those on
the other side. I will go for everybody in the
bill, upon the word of the Senator from Ken-
tucky that they are proper persons.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Mr. President 
Mr. RICE. Will the Senator give way one
moment? 'I wish to state, in regard to the
motion of the Senator from Nevada 
Mr. TRUMBULL. He will withdraw that.
Mr. RICE. If he will withdraw that and let
the bill stand with the name of Smith struck
out, it is not objectionable.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg pardon, there are
twenty there.
Mr. RICE. These twenty other names are
just as good, as far as Iknow, as the names that
have passed the committee.
Mr. DRAKE. They have been rejected by
the Committee on Political Disabilities, as X
am just informed by the chairman ; these very
twenty names. They are put in this bill and
not in the others, and have been rejected by
that committee.
