1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2529
(iota the fact that the bill, which pithed this
House in 1866, was suspended in the Senate
of the United States without, action for an
entire year. He forgot, Mr. Chairman, to note
the other fact that the importers of wool took
ad vantage of this suspension, and anticipating
the effect of this proposed tariff upon importa-.
tions of foreign wools covered your seas with
shipments and brought into this country in the
interna such importation of wool us no man
"living ever saw before.
Mr. LAWRENCE. And woolen goods, loo.
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, sir; and woolen
goods, too. Your rnaikets were overstocked.
Now, when this unusual and extraordinary for-
eign stock of wt.ol is about to be exhausted,
the gentleman proposes to strike down this
provision from the Committee of Ways and
Means, directly against the interest, the agri-
cultural interest, as I have said before, from
Vermont to California,. People of this conn-
try will not be idle spectators of what is going
on this day touching this great interest. For
myself, sir, as I said before, 1 piopuse to en-
deavor so to shape our legislation here as to
bring the greatest good to the greatest number
of all classes of the community in this cpun-
try j and among others, to that first and fore-
most of all classes, the original producer of
whatever men call wealth; that is to say, of
what ever is essential to the prosperity and hap-
piness of n great people. I trust the gentle-
man's proposition will find but very few sup-
porters.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. COX. 1 move to amend by making the
rate 50 per cent., or one half. I have only
one word to say. 1 remember some years
ago, in the year 1857", when this matter came
up, and the same sort of argumentation was
indulged in by gentlemen on both sides of the
Jiousc, Democrats and Republicans, as to this
wool business. It was claimed by gentlemen on
the Republican side of the llouse that the rais-
ing of the tariff on woolens would increase the
production. And every time that the tariff has
been raised on woolens. As the gentleman from
Harrison county, Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] and
the gentleman from another part of Ohio, [Mr.
La whence.] know very well, and as 1 know,
who onee represented Licking county, whore
the largest number of sheep is raised, except,
perhaps, Washington county in Pennsylvania
and liutlaud county in Veimout—every time
this Congress has raised the tariff on wool
brought from abroad the result, has been to
depress the woolen interest at home. I want
the chairman of the Committee of 'Ways and
Means, who appears to be smiling over the idea
•which I amputtingbeforethe House, to explain
the fact. Why is it so, that, when you attempt to
protect the wool interests of this country you
strike thorn down?
Mr. lvELLEY. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will answer his question. It is in accord-
ance with a universal and inflexible law that
the result should be as the gentleman has
stated. By protecting Bessemer rails the price
was put down in the same way. The gentle-
man speaks for the importers.
Mr. COX. I beg the gentleman's pardon. I
am speaking not for Ohio or for Now York, but
for the United States and for the consumers,
the men who purchase the woolen fabrics
made out of this raw material. The tariff has
been raised in the interest of the woolen-man-
utacturer and the wool-raiser. And every time
that it has been raised, by some sort of fatal-
ity the wool-interest has been depressed. My
friend from Beilefontaine [Mr. Lawrence]
knows very well that the raising of sheep has
idmosfc gene from Ohio in any large sense. It
has moved from Ohio to Illinois. Then the
wool-growers have taken their flocks from Illi-
nois to Iowa, from Iowa to New Mexico, and
fiom New Mexico to California.
JL. LAWRENCE. There are other reasons
for that.
Mr. COX. I would like to hear them. But,
41st Cong, 2d Sess.—No. 159.
in the first place, I wish to yield to the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Kerb,] to make a
statement 011 points with which he is more
familiar than myself: for, according to the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Mayxam).]
I arn merely a commercial man. representing
the importing interest.
Mr. IvERK. I desire to say, in reply to the
remarks of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Bingham, ] in exaggeration of the importance
of the material which is the subject of the par-
agraph now under discussion, that during the
last year the total amount imported is put at
£>130,000, while the total revenue derived from
it, is $38,000 ; so that the whole is a most incon-
siderable part of the commerce of the country,
and certainly a still more inconsiderable part
of the woplen product of the country which has
been manufactured in the country into articles
entering into common consumption. 1 merely
rose for the purpose of making this statement
as an addition to what has been said by the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Cox] in con-
nection with the general subject.
Mr. 1 j A W HENCE. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Cox] has particularly called upon me
to state here why sheep Slave gone from Ohio
west. I think I can give a sufficient reason for
this. In the first place, during the war the
number of sheep in this country, as well as the
manufacture of woolen goods, was largely in-
creased, so as to bo in excess of the usual
dema,nd. This, in connection with the facts
stated by ray colleague, [Mr. Bingham,] the
fact of the immense importations of wool in
advance of the tariff of 1867, and the immense
importation of wooleu goods in advance of that
tarilf, so overstocked the market that we found
ourselves with a greater capacity to produce
wool than the demands of the country required.
In addition to this, when the war closed the
cotton product of the South again began to flow
in upon us and supply to some extent the place
of wool. In this condition of things in 1807
we were mot with the question whether we
should preserve something of that branch of
industry by a duty on the importation of foreign
wool, or whether, by the importation free of
duty of foreign wools, wo should utterly pros-
trate that entire branch of industry. We re-
solved to save it from destruction, as we did
by the tariff of 1SG7. The result has been that
Ohio farmers, from the causes stated, have found
the prices of wool depressed; but still anxious
to save their flocks, they have sent many sheep
to Illinois and further west, where pastures
were cheaper and the cost of keeping less.
And that is the reason why sheep have gone
West.
Now, what is the proposition here? Why,
the gentleman from New York tells us that if
we import foreign wool free of duty wool can
be furnished to the manufacturers at half the
present price. Wool which now costs 75 cents
a pound, perfectly scoured and free from im-
purities, the gentleman from New York tells us
can be imported at 37J cents apound; and this
would continue to be the case for a year or
two. if we would annihilate our wool-producing
industry. But I want to know how the reduc-
tion in the price of wool will benefit the wool-
grower of this country ? Will it not drive him
out of his business and utterly annihilate that
branch of agricultural industry? Undoubtedly
it will. But, Mr. Chairman, if we continue to
protect the production of wool ia this country
the sheep will continue to go west from Ohi0
and Illinois to Colorado, New Mexico, aftd
Texas, and I do not doubt but that in-ten or
fifteen years from this time wool will be pro-
duced in Texas, New Mexico, and Colorado_ at
a price as low or nearly as low as that at which
it. is now brought in from South America and
the Cape of Good Hope.
I understand very well that in the process
of. time our flocks are to go out into'the great
interior of the continent, where sheep cair be
grazed, raised, and wintered without feed, Sim-
ply on the pastures found there. Under that
process wool must ultimately go down in price,
if we will only protect our existing flocks and
allow this branch of industry to have a lit,tie
time, to live in the States where if, now is, and
ultimately it will go into the great interior, and
we will pioduce more wool fnd cheaper wool
than any other country on the face of God's
globe. All I ask h thai, I his industry shall
have a chanc to live where it now is until in
j the ordinary course of tilings our sheep shall
go out to the interior of the couniry, and we
I will produce woo! so cheap that no foreign cotn-
I petition can interfere with our production. By
this means we will give a value to the great
interior grazing plains of our continent which
(hev can have in r.o other way. Within twenty
years* llie laising of cattle and sheen will be
revolutionized by the immense grass plains 01'
the interior. To secure the fruits of these we
must now preserve our flocks. It would be
just as wise to .slaughter all the cattle of the
continent, in view of this great future of stock-
growing, as to destroy our sheep-growing now
by the repeal of the wool tariff.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr, COX. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. NiBLACK. It renew it. it does seem
to me that a very brief recurrence to the con-
dition of tilings on this question of wool dur-
ing and since the war will satisfy us of the rea-
son of tiie depression of tins v/ool interest tit
this time, anu of the utter futility of endeavor-
ing to resist the inevitable laws of supply atxl
demand by mere legisla live enactments. Every-
body knows, who has given any attention
to the subject at till, that during the war tho
growth of woo! and t he manufacture of woolen
goods wore greatly stimulated by the scarcity
of cotton. The failure to produce eotlon,
and tho great difficulty of getting it to mar-
ket, raised tho price of cotton goods beyond
tho reach of tho great mass of the people ,-
beyond the price at least at which they could
afford to purchase. The deficiency occasioned
by this failure in tho supply of raw cotton was
gradually replaced by the growth of wool and
the manufacture of woolen goods, so that wheu
the war closed, under the stimulus created by
high prices, wo found an immense stock of
manufactured woolen goods upon the maricer,;
andas cotton gradually came into the market
again after tho close of the war, and began to
resume its former relations to the commerce
and consumption oft lie people, wool and woolen
goods became more and more depressed. In
other wofds, cotton has been displacing wool
ever since the close of the war, and still con-
tinues to do so.
in this condition of things the wool-growers
appealed to Congress in 1807 for additional
protection, for an increase of the tariff on wool,
hoping by those means to revive the price of
wool and woolen goods. This was resisted by
tho woolen manufacturers ; but, as the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Brooks] has stated,
eventually a compromise was effected by those
two interests, and it was agreed that both should
have increased protection in the form of addi-
tional tariff duties. Congress enacted this com-
promise into a law. It was confidently hoped
by the wool-growers all over the country that,
this arrangement would restore tho former price
of wool and give increased activity to the wool
trade in all its ramifications. But the subse-
quent history of the country has demonstrated
that they were mistaken in their remedy; that
they were, mistaken in theeffect which this legis-
lation Would have upon the commerce and econ-
omic condition of tlie country. In consequence,
therefore, simply- of this excess of wool Sr.d
woolen goods in the market, and also of their
being replaced by cotton ,fabrics, the demand
for wool-which had existed during the last years
of the war ceased to exist* and all the acts of
Congress we could enact during the remainder
of this session of Congress wiil not restore the
former prices of wool and woolen goods. If
increased prices shall come to these articles it
must be the result of natural causes. - These
