5362
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
Mr. ROBERTSON. I can inform the gen-
tleman from Missouri that I do not say these
twenty names have been rejected, but a great
many names from Kentucky have been rejected
because of counter-petitions and protests being
entered against them. I move to amend at the
proper time by adding to this bill 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nevada, the Chair understands, modifies his
motion so as to strike out merely the name of
Gustavus \V. Smith?
Mr. STEWART. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection, and that name is stricken out.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I move to amend it by
adding Senate bill No. 969.
Mr. MORTON. Before the Senator makes
that motion will he hear me a moment?
Mr. ROBERTSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORTON. I find in this bill the name
of Basil W. Duke, the second in command
under John Morgan. I suppose it is not neces-
sary to say anything more. I move to strike
out his name.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator permit me
tosnya word? The subject is now fairly before
the Senate. My colleague and myself desire
the Senate to remove the disabilities of all these
gentlemen. If that is not the pleasure of the
Senate, let them remove the disabilities of as
many as they choose and strike out those they
choose, and we shall be satisfied.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Indiana suggests that the name of Basil W.
Duke be stricken out. Is there objection?
The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. McCREERY. I should like a vote on
that subject.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I move a substitute
for the whole bill.
Mr. RICE. Is a motion to amend that in
order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly.
Mr. IlICE. I move to add after the last
name from Kentucky, in that substitute, the
name of Joseph T. Tucker, of Clark county.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that that can be done if this amendment
is agreed to. Further additions can then be
made.
Mr. McCREERY. I hope the Senator from
South Carolina will not undertake to add such
an omnibus bill as that after all the trouble I
have had in getting up this little bill. I have
had a great deal of difficulty in getting it up,
and I do not think it is fair for the chairman
of the committee who has had charge of the
matter the whole time to come in and under-
take to incumber my bill by offering his as an
ameudment. Just let my bill pass.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands the Senator from South Carolina to
move to strike out all of this bill after the
enacting clause, and to insert as a substitute
the names of all the persons recommended by
the committee in Senate bill No. 969.
Mr. CONKLING. I sympathize with the Sen-
ator from Kentucky in this regard. He brings
forward a bill containing names, all of which,
excepting twenty or something like that, have
been examined by the committee and reported
on. He has it much at heart, and, as we all
know, we are about to part with him ; he will
not be here very much longer to ask the con-
sideration of any bill from us. Now I appeal
to my honorable friend from South Carolina
to allow the Senator from Kentucky to havo
action upon this bill of his, excepting these
twenty names, and we will all stand by him
at any time when he shall seek to get up his
bill.
Mr. ROBERTSON. This substitute includes
forty names from Kentucky recommended by
the committee.
Mr. CONKLING. I appreciate that; and
yet my honorable friend will see that intro-
ducing a large number of names not only com-
plicates the question, but changes it and en-
larges it altogether. Now, we will stand by
him in getting the consideration of his bill.
This comes rather in the nature of a personal
request from the Senator from Kentucky to
the Senate, to consider this bill on his account.
Ithas been criticised; we have eliminated those
names which should come out; and now he
asks that the two sets of names, being quite
large in number, which have been examined
by the committee, be left in the bill, and that
we act upon them. I suggest to rny honorable
friend from South Carolina that he will lose no
time by letting this pass, and I hope he will
do it.
Mr. ROBERTSON. In reply to the Sen-
ator from Now York, I cannot say_ what names
havo been examined by the committee that are
in this bill, but there are about thirty-five or
forty names from Kentucky on this general bill
that have been examined by the committee,
and therefore I move that substitute.
Mr. McCREERY. I move to postpone the
regular order, so that we can have a vote on
this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The regular order
is not yet reached; it will be in one minute.
It requires unanimous consent, before the time
arrives, to make the motion.
Mr. POMEROY. I thought there was no
order for to-day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kansas has certainly forgotten the special order.
The first bill on the Calendar of special orders
is the bill to abolish the franking privilege, sent
to the Senate by the House of Representatives,
which comes up at twelve o'clock, if there is no
unfinished business, as there is none to-day.
Mr. POMEROY. We have no special orders
that come up now of themselves, since the rule
was repealed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They come up
by the old rule.
Mr. McCREERY. It is now twelve o'clock,
and I make the motion 
The VICE_ PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the Calendar of special
orders is before the Senate. The Senatorfrom
Kentucky moves to postpone the special order
for the purpose of continuing the consideration
of this bill. There being no unfinished busi-
ness, the Calendar of special orders is before
the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that that will be
done, and that we shall have the attention of
the Senate for five minutes, and in that time we
can dispose of this little bill of the Senator
from Kentucky ; and now I appeal to my friend
from South Carolina; it does not delay his
general bill, he can get that up just as well.
Let the Senator from Kentucky have this one
thing, all that he has asked, striking out such
names as are objectionable.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Why make exception
of citizens of Kentucky, when they had less
excuse for going into the rebellion than citi-
zens of any other State ? I cannot see why we
should make an exception of them. [ ask to
have substituted the bill the committee have
reported, which I hold in my hand.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from South
Carolina will recollect that it has not been
unusual in the Senate to take up names from
particular States. We did it for Mississippi;
wc have done it in several instances. Here is
a bill that we are about ready to act upon.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I understand that the
only names objected to in the bill of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky are the names of General
Duke and General Smith.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Those names
have been stricken out.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I propose, then, that
the Senator from Kentucky's bill be passed
with those names out, and the other bill be
added as an amendment, which accomplishes
the object of all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that will not be
done.
Mr. McCREERY. I cannot see why there
should be such an attempt as this made.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to add one
reason to those assigned by the honorable Sen-
ator from Illinois why we ought to do what
the Senator from Kentucky now asks; and I
think the honorable Senator from South Car-
olina, unless I have mistaken him, will appre-
ciate what I am going to say. Knowing my
honorable friend as I do, I wish to assign one
reason, which I am very sure will appeal to
him, because he is never wanting in generosity.
The Senator from Kentucky is going to part
with us finally in a few days. He will not be,
as the Senator from South Carolina, I hope,
will be, in his place in this body for manyj
many days to coine.
Mr. ROBERTSON. He will sit here as
long as I shall. I remind the Senator his time
expires on the 4th of March next, when mine
does.
Mr. CONKLING. I am very sorry, indeed,
to discover that. I thought I was quite correct
in supposing the honorable Senator from South
Carolina was going to be here longer.
Mr. ROBERTSON. While I am here in the
Senate I mean to discharge my duty fearlessly.
Mr. CONKLING. I have no doubt of it.
I thought the Senator's time did not expire
for a few years from this time. But I was
going to say that inasmuch as the Senator from
Kentucky is going to part with us so soon it
would be a gracetul thing for us to allow him
to put such of these names on their passage as
are not objected to.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I will consent to the
request of the Senatorfrom New York with
pleasure, provided he adds the name of John
C. Breckinridge to the Kentucky bill, for this
reason: the committee have refused a part of
the names on this bill; and if the committee's
opinions are not worth anything, then remove
the disabilities of all.
Mr. CONKLING. The opinions of the
committee are worth a great deal to us, and I
am in sympathy with the Senator. I think
that all the names which are improperly hero,
which have not been stricken out, ought to be.
I am making an appeal only in behalf of those
that I think should be inserted; and I confess
very frankly that I do feel a very strong dis-
position to see the Senator from Kentucky get
through with those names which, in truth, ought
to pass, and I should be willing to see the Sen-
ate put itself to some inconvenience as a grace-
ful act of accommodation to him. As to John
C. Breckinridge, I hope there is no name m
this bill that has not been stricken out which
deserves mention in the same connection with
that of John C. Breckinridge. If there is Such
a name, or a name against which half the rea-
sons can be assigned that could be against his,
I am sure we shall all vote to strike that out.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I was only guided by
the protests of gentlemen that I rely upon in
rejecting part of the applications for the re-
moval of disabilities from Kentucky. When
cases are referred to the committee they must
take notice of protests sent to them coming
from gentlemen worthy of credit, and hence
they struck off the names of objectionable men
who are holding office now in defiance of tho
third section of the fourteenth amendment.
The great part of these men that are objected
to, so I am informed, are holding office, and
others are aiding to drive Union out men of
the country, and that was the cause of rejecting
their names. I am in favor of, and intend to
debate, this motion to amend by substituting
the bill known as the amnesty bill, removing
the disabilities of all but three classes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator has
one amendment now pending.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I am perfectly willing
that the names from Kentucky that the coin-
mittco have reported upon, if that be insisted
upon, shall be passed,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kentucky moves to postpone the special
order tor the purpose of continuing the con-
sideration of this bill.
