572
APPENDIX TO THE CONGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 2,
Senate.
Naturalization—Mr. Johnston.
41st Cong 2d Hess.
prevent the proceedings of election. Sir, this
never was a sound principle of law. Under
its operations a party having the greater num-
bers, strength, courage, or skill might make
war upon its opponents up to and until the day
and hour of election, and then proceed to vote
alone, or by moral terror, consequent upon
the bloody conquest, constrain its opponents
to vote for it without the actual use or display
of arms or any open intimidation. Nay, one
party might, as war, done in the riotous par-
ishes of this district, conquer their opponents
by arms and lead them captives into its party
organization, enroll and enlist them, and mark
them with badges, and having thus reduced
them to political slavery vote them on election
day against their will and sentiment; and the
gentleman's theory would uphold such an
election.
Mr. Speaker, that rule might do for the com-
bative Anglo-Saxon, who relishes the privilege
of lighting for his rights, but it will not do for
the negro, who loves peace and pursues it as
a Christian duly. And it is well that in con-
ferring the right to vote upon tins element oi'
our population we have adopted a more right-
eous rule as applicable to them. They are a
kind-hearted, submissive race, both by nature
and hereditary habit, and unless we desire to
cultivate animosity and violence, and present
increased temptations to riotous proceeding
during the canvass and elections iu the South,
we should maintain the rule adopted by Con-
gress, alfirmed by this House, and applied time
and again, and voted for by both parties in this
House at this session, namely, that violence
and intimidation which prevent a free and fair
election are sullicient to void the returns from
those purls of districts so alfected.
This principle should now be considered loo
firmly sellled to be doubted. And the only
real question is whether, rejecting the disor-
derly parishes, the peaceable portion of the
district is sufficient in sine and population to
sustain a Representative. If so, the person
receiving the greater number of legal votes
legally cast in that portion of the distuet should
be admitted to represent it
In the settlement of the Louisiana eases this
House has eleaily indicated its opinion that
wheie the returns from parts of a district are
rejected for violence and intimidation, and the
peaceable portion is Hie greater, containing a
large majority of the inhabitants and of the
voters and easting the majority of I he vute
registered and east, then the election iu the
peaceable part shall be sustained. In this case
the peaceable parishes are to the riotous as
seven to live, am! the population and vote are
in about, the same proportion.
Herein this case tlitiers from those of the two
I jouisiaiia districts which the House held vacant.
In each of those the greater part of the distriet
was violent; here the greater is peaceable, and
it choice of evils would rather maintain the
validity of the peaceable election by the law-
abiding majority than to deny to them the right
of' representation because of the fault of the
lawless minority.
Naturalization.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN W. JOHNSTON,
01'' VIUdlNIA,
J.\ 1HU SeN'A'JT. of tiik U.xttei) Sl'.vms,
July 2, ioTO.
The S'.'iKiM! having utnicr consideration the bill
(It. K. iSO. to amend the natui-ntization laws
and to imnidi crimes a;;:HTi!;t the same—
Mr. JOHNSTON said
Mr. !V!>ii);::>T : The right of expatriation
heteiof'oie denied by European Powers has at
l.t^t been admitted by them. ''Once a citizen
always a citizen " is no longer their maxim.
Great Untam, which took the lead in the an-
nunciation and enforcement of the maxim, has
receded from it. We insisted, however, upon
the right of every man to abandon one country
aud adopt another; and finally our example
produced a liberalizing effect. The result of
our application of that doctrine to persons
coming from abroad to this country has been
to produce here a progress unexampled in the
history of the world. It is estimated by those
well informed that one fourth of our present
population is due to our immigration. In other
words, of our present population of forty mil-
lions, ten millions are either immigrants or the
descendants of immigrants. But for immigra-
tion the population of this country would be in
this year 1870 what it was in 1825; the pop-
ulation of the United States by the census of
1870 would only have been the population of
the United States by the census of 1830. In
other words, immigration has advanced our
population nearly halfacentury. The immense
strides this country has made have been owing
to this element. The immigration of foreigners
has been aforce which communicated the mighty
impulse to our country. It is the leaven that
lias caused the great rise in the United States.
But tor the immigrants, and the labor and the
wealth communicated by them, we should have
to-day only about two thirds of the Senators
wo now have on this floor. The Senators from
California, Texas, Oregon,Nevada, Minnesota,
Iowa, Wisconsin, Kansas, and various other
States would not be here to-day. We should
have no Pacific railroad, nor thegold and silver
mines of California aud Nevada. We should
have none of those great vital enterprises which
have advanced this country beyond any other
country oil earth, if it had not been for immi-
gration.
Air. President, not only has the population,
the wealth, the progress of our country been
advanced by immigration, but it has had its
effect in improving the condition of foreign
countries. Take the case of Ireland, for in-
stance, during the terrible famine in 18-10,
1817, and 18-18. If Ireland, suffering as she
then was a most unparalleled national calam-
ity, had been denied the benefit of emigra-
tion to this country, if restrictions had been
•thrown around her people seeking to mi-
grate to America, the population of that island
would have been almost totally destroyed.
Therefore, immigration to this country is not
only an immense benefit to the United States,
but is a lelief to the crowded countries of the
world, which must havo some outlet or must
sutler.
The starving man in England or in Ireland
who is often a charge on the community, but
who still possesses health, on coming to this
country becomes a useful laborer. As a
laborer, if he does not bring a cent of money,
ho is worth, according to the estimates made
by good authorities on that subject, at least
$1,(J(J0, If besides he brings money, that
money, of course, goes to add to the general
wealth of our country.
Wo in the United States are receiving acces-
sions of population now from most of the coun-
tries of the world. The populations that come
to us bring not only themselves, but they bring
money to add to our wealth. The estimate of
the average amount brought by each immigrant
is SlOl). Multiplying that by the number of
immigrants, and we have forty or fifty million
dollars annually added to our means by the
immigrants arriving here, ill the form of money
brought with them alone.
We have a country that can sustain a pop-
ulation of six hundred million people. We
have yet millions of acres of land perfectly wild
and desolate. In some of the countries of
Europe a part of the population is almost all
thp time on the verge of starvation. In all
those countries there are people an^iimq to get
! away, anxious to come Iieie where they (au
obtain work, where they can provide for their
families, where they can get civil and political
rights. Is it not our policy to make the way
smooth and easy, instead of hard and difficult?
Is it not our policy to invite those people so
that the progress we have heretofore made may
be kept up? Surely that policy, which has
made this country what it is, should not be
arrested at this stage.
Mr. President, when I think of what the
country is now and compare it with what it
would be but for the foreign element; when I
reflect that but for that element Washington
city would now be a city of fifteen or twenty
thousand people only, New York a city of one
hundred and fifty or two hundred thousand,
Chicago not existing at all, Milwaukee not
existing at all, all those western cities which
are so flourishing, and all that western coun-
try which now affords such a vast supply of
everything the world eats yet in a state of
nature—when I think of all this and remem-
ber that the present condition of things is due
in a large degree to immigration, to the influx
of foreign population, I cannot but wonder
that any one who has the development of our
country at heart, who desires to relieve op-
pressed peoples, should seek to throw obstacles
m the way of the immigrant.
Mr. President, the European comes to this
country not merely for food, not merely for a
home, not merely for the purpose of getting
fair wages for his labor and the chance of
acquiring property, though those are strong
motives, but for the purpose of acquiring civil
rights. In his native land, in Ireland, in Ger-
many, in other of the European countries, ho
cannot vote ; he comcs to this country for the
purpose of acquiring civil rights and of being
able to hold olliee and bearing a part in admin-
istering the atl'airs of Government.
The substitute reported by the Judiciary
Committee, which I understand to be now be-
fore the Senate, has some features to which
1 desire to call the attention of the body. The
second section provides in what manner a party
may become a citizen. It, provides that if an
alien claims to have served in the Army or
Navy and to bo honorably discharged he must
give the name of the regiment and company
or vessel in which ho last served and from
which he was discharged. II a man was not
a member of a regiment and discharged from
it, according to this provision, be cannot bo-
come a citizen. If ho commanded a regi-
ment, or if he was a general, as was one of tho
Senators from Missouri, [Mr. Suuun/,,] he
cannot become, a citizen under this provision
of the law. He requires to be a private or an
inferior officer in a regiment and to have been
discharged from service. If he was a brigadier
or a major general he docs not come within
this provision, and his services in that char-
acter as Held officer do not entitle him to bo
naturalized.
The third section has some features that are
quite novel and certainly -Jery objectionable.
It provides that when a foreigner makes his
application to become a citizen of the United
States any person shall be allowed to produce
evidence or show cause adversely to the appli-
cation. It allows the whole world, when a
party comcs into court, to attack him. Any-
body, no matter who, may appear in court and
contest his rightto become a citizen. Personal
enemies, political enemies, those who have
any other motive, have a right, not upon a
final hearing, but when he comes to make his
preliminary application, to contest it. Cer-
tainly, while it might bo proper to authorise
persons to make objection ou the final hearing,
1 conceive no reason why when a man makes
his application, to be the basis of a hearing at
some future time, he should be allowed thus to
be interrupted or thus to bo interfered with by
anybody at alb
