1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1587
reading has not beeu demanded. The Senator
from Ohio now desires the substitute to be
reported, to which he intends to direct his
remarks.
The Secretary read the substitute reported
from the Committee on Finance, as follows:
That for the purpose of funding the debt of the
United Slates and. reducing the interest thereon the
Secretary of the Treasury be, and ho is hereby,
aut horiied to issue, on the credit of the U nited States,
coupon or registered bonds of suoh denominations,
uot less than titty dollars, as ho may think proper,
to an amount not exceeding $400,000,000, redeemable
in coin at ttic pleasure of tlio Government at any
time after ten years, and payablo in coin at twenty
years from date, aud bearing interest at the rate of
lire per ccnt. per aunurn, payable semi-auoually in
coin ; and the bonds thus authorized may be disposed
of at the discretion of the Secretary, under such reg-
ulations as he shall prescribe, either in the United
States or elsewhere, at not less than their par value,
forcoin; or they in ay be exchanged tor any of the out-
standing bonds of an equal aggregate par value here-
toioro issued and known as the live-twenty bonds, and
for no other purpose; and the proceeds of so much
thereof as may be disposed of for coin shall bo placed
in th« Treasury, to be usedfor the redemption of such
tix per ceut. bonds at par as may not be offered in
exchange, or to replace such amount of coin as may
hare been used for that purpose.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the Secretary
of the Treasury be, aud he is hereby, authorised to
issue, on the credit of the United States, coupon or
registered bonds to the amount of $400,000,000 of such
denominations, not less than fifty dollars, as he may
think proper, redeemable in coin at the pleasure of
the Government at any time after fiitcen years, and
payable in coin at thirty years from date, and bear-
ing interest not ezoeeding four and one half per cent,
per annum, payable semi-anuually in coin; and the
bonds authorized by this scction may be disposed of
uuder such regulations as the Secretary shall pre-
scribe, in the United States or elsewhere, at no less
ttiau par for coin; or they may be exchanged at par
for any of the outstanding obligations of the Govern-
ment bearing a higher rate of interest in coin ; and
the proceeds of such bonds as may bo sold for eoin
shall be deposited in tho Treasury, to be used lor the
redemption of such obligations bearing interest in
coin as by the terms of issue are or may become re-
deemable or payable, or to replace sucti ooin as may
have been used for that purpose.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the Secre-
tary of the Treasury be, and hois hereby,authorized
to issue on the credit of the United States, from time
to time, coupon or registered bonds of such denom-
inations, not less than fifty dollars, as he may think
proper, to the amount of $400,000,000, redeemable in
coin at the pleasure of the Government at any time
after twenty years, and payable in coin at forty
years from date, and bearing interest at the rate of
four per cent, per annum, payable semi-annually in
coin; and such bonds may be disposed of either in
the United States or elsewhere at not less than their
par value for coin, or, at the discretion of the Secre-
tary, for United States notes; or may be exchanged
at not less than par for any of the obligations of the
United States outstanding at the date of the issue of
such bonds. And if in the opinion of the Secretary
of the Treasury it is thought advisable to issue a
larger amount of four per cent, bonds for any of the
purposes herein or hereinafter recited than would be
otherwise authorized by this section of this act, such
further issues are hereby authorized: Provided, That
there shall be no increase in the aggregate debt of
the United States in consequence of any issues
authorized by this act.
SBC. 4. And be it further enacted. That tho bonds
authorized by this act shall bo exempt from all tax-
ation by or under national. State, municipal, or local
authority.
Sec. 5. And he it further enacted. That the coupons
of said bonds may be made payable at the Treasury
of the United States, or at the office of an authorized
agent of the United States either in the cities of
London, Paris, Berlin, Amsterdam, or Frankfort, in
dollars or the equivalent thereof in sterling money,
in francs, or in thai erg.
Sec. 0. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary
of the Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized to
appoint such agents in the United States and in
Europe as he may deem necessary to aid in the nego-
tiation of said bonds; and he may advertise the loan
herein authorized ana the conditions thereofin such
newspapers and journals in this country and in Eu-
rope as he may select for that purpose ; and asum not
exceeding one-per cent, of the bonds herein author-
ized is hereby appropriated to pay the expense of
preparing, issuing, and disposing of the same.
Sbc. 7. And be it further enacted, That in order to
carry into execution the provisions of the fifth sec-
tion of the act entitled "An act to authorize the
issue of United States notes and for the redemption
or funding thereof, and for funding the floating
debt of the United States," approved February 25,
1862, relating to the sinking fund there is hereby
appropriated out of the duties derived from im-
ported goods the sum of $150,000,000 annually, which
sum during each fiscal year shall be applied to the
payment of the interest and to the reduction of the
principal of the public debt. And the United States
bonds now held as the sinking fund and the United
States bonds now held in the Treasury shall be can-
celed and destroyed, a detailed record thereof being
first made in the books of the Treasury Department.
And the bonds hereafter purchased under this sec-
tion shall in like manner becanceled and destroyed.
And a full and detailed account of the application
of the money herein appropriated shall be made by
the Secretary of the Treasury to Congress with his
annual .report; and the aggregate amount of the
bonds canceled and destroyed shall be stated in tho
monthly statements of the public debt.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted. That on and after
the 1st day of October, 1870, registered bonds of any
denomination not less than $1,000, issued under the
provisions of this act, and no others, shall be depos-
ited with the Treasurer of the United States as secur-
ity for the notes issued to national banking associ-
ations for circulation under an act entitled "An act
to provide a national currency secured by a pledge
; of United States bonds, and to provide for the cir-
■ culation and redemption thereof," approved June
3,1864; and all national banking associations organ-
: ized under said act, or any amendment thereof, are
hereby required to deposit bonds issued under this
, act, as security for their circulating notes, -within
one year from the date of the passage of this act; in
, default of which their right to issue notes for circu-
lation shall be forfeited; and the Treasurer and the
Comptroller of the Currencyshall bo authorized and
required to take sueh measures as may be necessary to
call in and destroy their outstanding circulation, and
to return the bonds held as security therefor to the
association by which they were deposited, in sums of
not less than $1,000: Provided, That any such associ-
ation now in existence may, upon giving thirty days'
notice to the Comptroller of the Currency, by resolu-
tion of its board of directors, deposit legal-tender
notes with the Treasurer of the United States to the
amount of its outstanding circulation, and take up
the bonds pledged for its redemption : And provided
further. That not more than one third of the bonds
deposited by any bank as such security shall be of
either of the olasse3 of bonds hereby authorised on
Which the maximum rate of interest is fixed at four
and one half or five per cent, per annum.
Sbc. 9. And be it further enacted. That the amount
of circulating notes which any bank may receive from
the Comptroller of the Currency under the provisions
of section twenty-one of said act may equal but not
i: exceed eighty per cent, of the par value of the bonds
!! deposited, but shall not exceed in the aggregate the
!: amount to which such bank may be entitled under
*i said section.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted. That any banking
I association organized or to be organized under the
national currency act, and the acts amendatory
thereof, may, upon depositing with the Treasurer
|i United States notes to an amount not less than
! $100,000, receive an equal amouot of registered bonds
, of the United States, of the kind and description
' provided for by section three of this act, and may
. deposit the same as th e security for circulatingnotes
and thereupon such banking association shall be enti-
tled to andshallreceivecirculatingnotesupon terms
|: and conditions and to the extent provided in the
; said national currency acts, and without respect to
| the limitation of the aggregate circulation of national
currency prescribed by said acts: Provided, however,
That as circulating notes are issued under this sec-
tion an equal amount of United States notes shall
be canceled and destroyed.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I do not
deem it necessary in opening thia debate to
invoke the attention of the Senate to the im-
fortance of the subject embraced in this bill,
t is unnecessary to discuss the public policy
of reducing the interest of the national debt
and returning to specie payments. These
subjects I have had occasion frequently to dis-
cuss in the Senate, and I could add nothing
to what has been already said. The question
is whether the condition of the public debt is
now such as to justify our undertaking the task
of reducing the interest upon it, and whether
our financial condition is such as to enable us
i| to take another step toward specie payments.
! These questions, and the practical one whether
!i this bill will tend to accomplish the object
1! proposed, are the only questions which I mean
!j to discuss at this stage of the debate.
The first six sections of the bill that has
been read prescribe the form and description
of bonds into which it is proposed to fund the
entire debt of the United States, and the neces-
sary agencies by which they may be disposed
of. The seventh section provides for the reduc-
tion and the ultimate payment of the public
debt, not only of the old debt, but of the new
debt created under this act. The remaining
sections of the bill, three in number, contain
important changes in our banking laws, by
which the national banks are required^ to aid
in funding the public debt, and bv which the
banking system will become free and specie
payments will be resumed.
In order to understand the effect of this bill
it is necessary to recall the history of the public
debt and the precise condition of the existing
laws ; and I shall perhaps weary the patience
of the Senate by a recital of necessary facts
in order to present the question fairly for this
debate.
Under the loan laws of July 17 and August
5, 1861, gold was borrowed in the same mode
and on the same principles that had been
usual in the loans of the United States since
the formation of the Constitution to that
time. Bonds running twenty years, principal
and interest payable in gold, were sold in the
money markets of the world for what they
would bring. In addition to such bonds there
were issued Treasury notes bearing seven and
three tenths per cent, interest, and also demand
notes not bearing interest payable in coin and
receivable for all classes of public dues. The
whole were on a specie basis, and the discount
on the bonds sold represented the deprecia-
tion of the public credit. After the sudden
suspension of specie payments, however, in
the fall of 1861, at a time when the Govern-
ment was raising from two to three hundred
thousand men, when its daily wants were from
one to two million dollars, when the people
for the first time began to see that they were
involved in a great war that would task the
atmost resources of the country, when specie
had disappeared from circulation, the Con-
gress of the United States was compelled to
adopt a new financial policy.
After a long and memorable debate of over
two months in both Houses of Congress the
act of February 25, 1862, was adopted. That
was a revolutionary act. It was a departure
from every principle of the financial policy of
this Government from its foundation. It over-
threw not only the mode and manner of bor-
rowing money, but the character of our pub-
lic securities, and was the beginning of a new
financial system unlike anything that had been
ventured upon by any people in the world
before. This new policy was adopted under
the pressure of the severest necessities, and
only because of those necessities, and was
intended to meet a state of affairs never fore-
seen by the framers of the Constitution.
Now, sir, it is important to understand the
principles of this act; for this act was the
foundation of all the financial measures during
the war. It was upon the basis of this act,
enlarged and modified from time to time, that
we were enabled to borrow $3,000,000,000 in
three years and to put down the most for-
midable rebellion in modern history. This act
was based upon three distinct provisions or
fundamental conditions.
First, extraordinary power conferred npon
the Secretary of the Treasury to borrow money
in almost any form, at home or abroad, practi-
cally without limitation as to amount, or with
limits repeatedly enlarged. Every form of
security which the ingenuity of man could de-
vise was provided for by this act or the acts
amending it. Under these acts bonds were
issued payable in twenty years, Treasury notes
were issued, certificates of indebtedness, com-
pound-interest notes, and other forms of in-
debtedness with varying rates of interest.
There were, however, distinct limitations
upon the nature and character of these loans.
It was stipulated, first, that more than six per
cent, interest in gold should not be paid on the
bonds issued, nor more than seven and three
tenths interest in currency should be paid on
the notes issued; and second, all the loans
provided by this act were short loans, redeem-
able within a Bhort period of time at the pleas-
ure of the United States. Thus the gold bonds
were redeemable after five years, the Treasury
notes were redeemable after three years, and
all forms of security were within the power of
the United States at the end of five years at
furthest. And third, no securities were to be
sold less than par. Their unavoidable depre-
ciation was measured, not by the rate of their
discount, but by the depreciation of the cur-
rency. We held our bonds at par in paper
money, though at times they were worth only
forty per cent, of gold.
The second leading feature of the act of
