1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2*5:
The message also announced that the House
had passed, without amendment, the , follow-
ing bill and joint resolution of the Senate:
A bill (8. No. 281) to promote the recon-
struction of the State of Georgia; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 88) suspend-
ing existing provisions of law for taking the
census.
The message further announced that the
Hou.se had passed the following resolution, in
which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
Jlesolved, (the Senate concurring,) That the recess
Srovided for by the" concurrent votes of the two
[ouses. and to commence on the 22d instant, be, and
is hereby, extended from the 5th to Monday, the 10th
day. of January next.
The result of the vote on the motion to ad-
journ was then announced—yeas 28, nays 18;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Brownlow, Buck-
ingham. Casserly,Chandler, Davis Edmunds,J?enton,
Ferry.Fowler, Hamilton, Hamlin. Howe, McDonald,
Morrill bf Vermont, Patterson, Pomeroy, Ramsey,
Rice, Boss. Saulsbury, Sherman, Stoekton, Sumner,
Thurman, Yickers, and Willey—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Cole, Conklintr, Drake,
Harlan, Harris, Kellogg, Morton.Osborn, Pratt, Rob-
ertson,, Schurz. Scott, Spencer, Stewart, Warner,
Williams, and "Wilson—18.
ABSENT—Messrs. B.oreman, Cameron, Carpenter,
Cattell, Corbett, Cragiri, Gilbert, Howard, MeCreery,
Morrill of Maine, Norton, Nye, Pool, Sawyer, Spraguc,
Thayer, Tipton, Trumbull, and Yates—19.
So the motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 21, 1869.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Buti.ee.
On motion of Mr. BLDR1DGE, by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was "dispensed with.
DEFICIENCY APPROPRIATION' BILL.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Appropriations, reported a
bill (H. 11. No. 095) making appropriations to
partially supply deficiencies in the appropri-
ations for the service of the fiscal year ending
the 30th of June, 1870; which was read a first
and second time.
Mr.,DAWES. Unless some gentleman de-
sires some explanation I will not. take up the
time of the House.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DUTIES OF PENSION AGENTS.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to report a bill
from the Committee on Invalid Pensions, to
define the duties of pension agents and pre-
scribe the manner of paying pensions. It is
very important that the bill should pass at an
early day, and I presume there will be no objec-
tion to it.
The bill was read for information.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Does the gentleman
propose to allow discussion on the bill?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have no objectiou.
The SPEAKER. The bill can only come in
by unanimous consent.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I must object.
Mr. KERR. I call for the regular order of
business.
RECONSTRUCTION OS GEOUOIA.
The SPEAKER. The House resumes, as
theregular order of business, the consideration
of Senate bill No. 281, to promote the recon-
struction of the State of Georgia, upon which
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Getz]
is entitled to the floor for fifty minutes.
Mr. GETZ. The limited time allowed to the
minority for debate upon the important bill
now before the House forbids me to waste any
portion of it by remarks of my own, when I
know that gentlemen abler and far better ac-
quainted with the questions involved than I am
desire and have prepared to speak upon them;
Asking leave, therefore, to print what I might
have otherwise spoken, I yield my time to the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Voorhees.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania asks unanimous consent to print some
remarks in the Globe. Is there objection?
The Chair hears none.
[See Appendix.]
Sir. POTTER. Will the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Voorhees] yield to me for five
minutes ?
Mr. VOOEHEES. I will yield to the gen-
tleman from New York for that time.
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Speaker, I do not pre--
same to impugn the action of any member of
this House upon this bill when I declare, as I
do for myself, that I am unable to comprehend
how this House, whose only authority to legis-
late at all is derived from the Constitution, can
lawfully pass this bill, or how any member
sworn to support the Constitution can vote for
it. I am, however, well aware that so satisfied
are the gentlemen on the other side of this
Chamber in respect of this bill that no discus-
sion, however protracted it may be, will modify
their views in this regard, and I only desire,
therefore, to declare my own opposition to this
bill. I am opposed to it as wholly unconstitu-
tional, and not merely unconstitutional; for
were it never so constitutional I should be
opposed to it—opposed to it as unjust, as un-
necessary, and as unwise ; unjust, because its
effect will be to impose conditions upon Geor-
gia which no northern State would submit to;
unwise, because 1 cannotbelievethat the intro-
duction of a few negroes into the Legislature
of Georgia can better the peace or the order
of that State; and because if their presence
there would better the peace and the order of
that State I conceive that the action necessary
to bring them thereshould be left to the Legis-
lature of that State, so soon to convene;
unwise, because I believe the " policy of ven-
geance," with which designation this bill has
been characterized, is a policy which will lead
to dissatisfaction and distrust and to that sense
ofinjustice whichmorethan anything else tends
to prevent the prosperity and well-being of the
State.
I can appreciate, sir, how a great nation can
feel compelled by necessity to hold one of its
revolted States under continued military rule ;
but I cannot conceive any just reason for hand-
ing over the administration of a great territory
like Georgia to the control of negroes and
turncoats and carpet-baggers.
When I listened to the exposition of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beok] of the rea-
sons which probably led to the presentpressure
for the passage of this bill I felt as if, perhaps,
it would have been better if the party in power
had seen fit to treat those southern States as
newly acquired territories, without rights and
without voice in the Government as States. It
could hardly have been worse for them than
the policy of reconstruction which has been
adopted, and surely it would have been less
dangerous to us of the North ; for, as it seems
to me, this bill threatens not merely the rights
and liberties of the people of Georgia, but the
rights and liberties of the people of every north-
ern State as well.
Why, sir, the action of the State of Georgia,
so much complained of, is no more objection-
able in the respect complained of than the
action of my own State, to which reference has
been made. The people of my own State have
lately declared, by a vast majority, not merely
that men of color should not hold offices in
the State, but that they should not be allowed
even to vote without special qualifications.
Now, if Congress may lawfully assume that
the government which in Georgia excludes
men of color from holding office or from ex-
ercising the right of franchise is not the repub-
lican form of government which the Constitu-
tion guaranties to every State, then I am at a
loss to perceive why Congress may not so
assume in regard to the State of New York.
No, Mr. Speaker; m my view ot this bill it
is but one of those strides every day growing
larger toward centralized and absolute govern-
ment, and toward the overthrow of that system
of limited.and localized government which our
fathers established, and under which, as 1
think, only true liberty can be found.
Mr. VOORHEES resumed the floor.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. With the per
mission of tbe gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Voorhees.] I ill say th$t I had desired to
discuss this bill; but as the time can no doubt
be better occupied- by older members of the
House I will ask leave to print my remarks m
the Globe.
No objection was made; and leave was
accordingly granted. [See Appendix.]
Mr. VO ORHEES. Mr. Speaker, I approach
the discussion of this measure, Itrust,inaspirit
of candor and fairness, and with a much greater
desire to promote the general welfare of the
country than to attain any party success or
party triumph. No graver or more important
subject ever engrossed the attention of this
House than the powers and rights of a State
under the Federal Constitution.
This measure comes before us at this time
surrounded by singular circumstances. It ia
notanewone; it has been here before. Itwas
here last April. In its general scope and pur-
poses it is the same as that proposed by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butleb,]
the chairman of the Reconstruction Committee,
at the last session, and acted on by the House
atthat time. Itwas then met here and defeated.
The proposition was then, as it is now, to in-
vade the State of Georgia and strike down her
government. This House then deliberately
voted upon that question. The majority refused
'to follow the lead of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts. They made a record against invad-
ing and dismantling a State in full, legal, and
absolute existence. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts was abandoned to defeat without
even the condolence or commiseration of the
distinguished gentlemen upon his own side of
the Chamber who combined to inflict this dis-
aster upon him.
This measure is, however, now revived under
very different circumstances. Since the action
of this body some hidden influence has ap-
proached the ear of the Executive; some mys-
terious instrumentality to me unknown has
been at work. The offenses claimed in this
bill to have been committed by Georgia are of
old standing. There has been nothing new ill
that respect since the last session. She has
committed no new sin. But there is a new
departure here, a new line of action springing
from the suggestions of the Executive in his
annual message. Last spring the proposition
of the gentleman from Massachusetts was. as
this proposition is now, to authorize the Gov-
ernorof Georgia to convene a Legislature which
had expired by_ the limitations of law. The
whole question was discussed, and a decision
rendered that Georgia should not be thus,
assailed and stricken down. What have bet-n
the influences upon the Executive ? I do not
pretend to find out his ways or fathom his silent
mysteries. Perhaps, however, the busy toneuv
of one who is entitled the Governor of thai
unfortunate State, and whose form I believe now
haunts these lobbies and this floor, has been
at work instilling into his ear the destructive
poison which we find in his message.
Ihe Senate has been in anxious baste to act
upon the suggestions of the President. That
grave and sagacious body had long witnessed
in silence the offense with which Georgia is
charged. Itwas committed in July, 18G8; the
negroes were then declared ineligible to seat,;;
i'Sfl'i. ^'s'a',ure  an^ f°1- nearly a year and it
halt the Senate as well as this House haw
without protest or action allowed that Stata to
go unpunished. The Senate, however, at iusi
