4420
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
must be recollected that we liave at Trieste,
■which is really the port of Austria and the out-
let of Vienna itself, a consul at a large salary,
and if necessary his salary might be raised and
we could dispense altogether with the consul
at Vienna. At Vienna we have an envoy ex-
traordinary and minister plenipotentiary, at a
salary of, I think, abouttwelvethousanddollars,
and also a secretary of legation. Trieste is but
a few miles away from Vienna; and there will
be economy to the Government, if gentlemen
desire economy, by dispensing altogether with
any appropriation for a consul at Vienna, and
by increasing if necessary the $2,000 to $3,000
fortheconsul at Trieste. I make this suggestion
to the chairman of the committee, if the object
is to economize where we can. That I think
ought to be done. In addition to that I should
like before this bill passes to obtain some
explanation Irom this committee as to why the
proportion of consuls is so enormous for Great
Britain and the British possessions.
Mr. CASSERLY. They have more than one
fourth of all the consuls in this bill.
Mr. STOCKTON. My friend from Califor-
nia says they liave more than one fourth of all
the consuls m this bill. It certainly cannot be
possible that our trade is divided in that way.
I should like some explanation from the chair-
man of the committee.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senaiorwili exam-
ine the book 1 hold in my hand he will learn
the reason. It is because a consul is a mere
commercial agent, and he is only sent where
the interests require that he should be sent;
and if he will look over the list, he will find
that our consular receipts from the British
possessions very much more than pay the ex-
penses of the consular system in the British
possessions ; and it is solely on account of our
commercial intercourse with those possessions.
Our commerce with the British possessions is
greater than with all the rest of the world.
Mr. SPENCER. I suppose one answer to
the inquiry of the Senator irom New Jersey is
that the British possessions extend all over the
world; they are in every quarter of the globe.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator from
New Jersey would like an explanation on any
particular point i can give him the data on
which any particular consulate is established.
1 have all the data in my hand, and shall be
very happy to give the Senator any inform-
ation he may desire.
Mr. STOCKTON. I am perfectly aware
that a consul is only a commercial agent sent
out simply for business purposes ; but in addi-
tion to his duties as commercial agent he has
many other duties to perform, and out of which
lie makes these fees. It is nothing to say that
these consulates pay expenses ; that the lees
amount to more than the salary paid. Where
do those fees come from? They are a tax on
commerce, or a tax on the American traveler.
Yon make him pay so much for visaing his
passport at Vienna. He rides an hour or half
an hour in a railroad car, and, stopping thero,
you make him pay for getting his passport visM.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator will allow
me, there is no passport required in any part
of Europe except at Rome. The consul at
Vienna gets no fees whatever for visaing pass-
ports. At Rome alone, in Europe, are pass-
ports now required.
Mr. STOCKTON. The Senator has been
much more recently abroad than I have, and
therefore I shall accept his statement. I know
when 1 was there passports were required to be
vised at almost every step, and great complaints
were made on the part of American travelers.
But it seems to me that if the whole business,
as the Senator suggests, is commercial business,
we have no need of two commercial agents at
places so near as Vienna and Trieste. The
Senator's argument, 1 think, proves that we
can dispense with a consul at Vienna entirely.
All the commercial business done with this
country by Vienna must go through the port,
of Trieste"or pass by some other consulate. I
move, by way of testing this question, that tho
clause for a consul at Vienna be struck out.
Mr. CHANDLE R. The Senator is evidently
not aware of the change that has been made in
our consular system. It was ascertained a few
years ago that great frauds were perpetrated
in the importation of merchandise by having
the invoices certified at the point of shipment.
Pour or five years ago we changed the law so
as to compel the shipper at the point of manu-
facture to have his invoices certified on the
spot, and not at the shipping port. Hence the
consulate at Vienna more than pays its ex-
penses by the certification of invoices alone.
This change has rendered the whole consular
system a paying system, and it is estimated that
the Treasury has been indirectly—that is, by the
prevention of frauds—benefited to the amount
of $20,000,000 a year by this change in the
consular system. If the Senator's motion should
prevail you would restore the consular system
virtually back to the old plan of having invoices
certified to at tho point of shipment, instead
of at the point of manufacture. Now, itis the
duty of every consul or commercial agent to
know the value of every article that he cer-
tifies to tho value of; and in the performance
of that duty ho is familiar with the value of
every article to which he places his consular
certificate.
As the Senator is very well a.ware, Trieste
and Vienna are several hundred miles apart.
The merchandise shipped from Vienna is of
entirely a different character from that shipped
from Trieste. It would be utterly impossible
for a consul at Trieste to know anything about
tho value of merchandise shipped from Vienna.
Mr. STOCKTON. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the multiplication of these
commercial agencies, required to certify to all
these different things, so close together; be-
cause, although Trieste and Vienna may be
some hundred miles apart—I do not remember
the exact distance—yet they are united by rail,
and the question is how many minutes or how
many hours they are apart.
Mr. CHANDLER, i think about twelve or
fourteen hours.
Mr. STOCKTON. I say that the multipli-
cation of these different offices, although they
may pay expenses, and although they may
actually bring a revenue to this country, is
nothing but adding so many taxes upon com-
merce ; and 1 think that is the mistake made
by this Committee on Commerce, not only
in external matters, but, in internal matters.
Their idea seems to be to tax commerce, in-
stead of to assist commerce and make new
avenues for commerce. Now, sir, I say it is
impossible that any tax, the smallest tax, can
be levied upon the facility of goods coming
from these different countries to this country
without its being added to the cost of the goods
when they arrive here and being paid by the
people of this country; and in this way you
deprive them of the power of competition with
other nations who have a more economical
system.
I have the greatest respect for the chairman
of the committee, and I throw out these ideas
without much information on the subject, I am
free to admit, merely as suggestions to that
committee.
Mr. CASSERLY. 1 should like to ask the
chairman of the committee two questions. The
first, is, whether the number of these consuls
and commercial agents is larger or smaller, as
proposed by this bill, in comparison with the
list of last year or the preceding year?
Mr. CHANDLER. It is smaller.
Mr. CASSERLY. In tho next place, how
much is the total expenditure called for under
this bill, and how does that expenditure com-
pare with the expenditure of former years?
Mr. CHANDLER. I will give the Senator
that information.
Mr. SPENCER. I can give it, as I have it
before me. The increase in salaries by this
bill is $37,750, and the decrease is over forty
thousand dollars; so that there is a saving of
some $3,000; and I will here remark that our
consular system pays into the Treasury of the
Government something over one hundred thou-
sand dollars annually in gold.
Mr. CASSERLY. I should like to inquire
at what points tho diminution of consulates
takes place, and at what points the diminution
of expenses takes place ? 1 do not ask the
chairman to state all the points, but only the
principal points.
Mr. SPENCER. I have the list of them here
if the chairman has not. The consulates dis-
continued are Boulogne, $1,500; LaRochelle,
$1,500; Moscow, $2,000; Mahe, $1,500; Sau
Juan del Sur, $2,000; San Juan del Norte,
$2,000; St. Petersburg, $2,000; Caneau,
$1,000; Cyprus, $1,000; Piraus, $1,000;
Elsinore, $1,500. Then there is a large num-
ber of consulates where the salary is decreased,
and the aggregate of the decrease is $23,100.
Then there is a large number of consulates
where the salary is increased. The saving
altogether by the bill is about three thousand
dollars.
Mr. CASSERLY". I should like to know at
what, places the consular agent or consul is
stricken out?
Mr. CHANDLER. I will give the Senator
the names of every one stricken out.
Mr. CASSERLY. Oh, no; at what places.
Sir. SPENCER. I have already given those.
Mr. CHANDLER. At Boulogne, La Ro-
cheile, Moscow, Mahe, San Juan del Sur, San
Juan delNorte, St. Petersburg, Caneau, Cyprus,
and Pircous, and then others were stricken out
by the committee to-day.
Mr. SPENCER. And Elsimore before those.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not understand upon
what principle so large a number of consuls is
necessary in Europe, in view of the fact stated
by the ehairman of the committee, no doubt
quite correctly, that tho nuisance of the pass-
port system has disappeared almost totally in
Europe.
Mr. CHANDLER. It has been abolished
everywhere except in Rome.
Mr. CASSERLY. That is an advance for-
ward in civilization, of course ; and that must
have released a large number of consuls 
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator will allow
me, I will inform him 
Mr. CASSERLY. 1 hope I shall be allowed
to finish the sentence. That must have re-
leased a large number of consuls whose busi-
ness had been chiefly to vise passports.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator will par-
don me, a very large proportion of them, as
ho will see by looking over the executive docu-
ment I hold m my hand, receive nothing but
the fees of the office. Wherever it is deemed
important for the interests of the Government
that the consul or the consularagent should not
engage in business himself, there the Govern-
ment allows a salary, and prohibits him, if the
salary be $1,500 or upward, from engaging in
any commercial pursuit.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understand that.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator will look
over this Executive Document No. 29, he will
find (hete an immense preponderance of the
consuls recoive nothing but the fees. We have
made some changes. In cases where the De-
partment deemed it for the interest of the Gov-
ernment that tho consul should not bo engaged
in business we have substituted a regular sal-
ary for the fees in several instances.
Mr. CASSERLY. I quite agree with tho
Senator from New Jersey irnvhat he has said of
the evil effects of the system which the Senator
from Michigan, the chairman of the Committee
on Commerce, seems to regard as a merit in the
present consular establishment. The Govern-
ments of Europe, including many which we are
accustomed to regard as despotisms, have had
j the good sense to abolish the passport system as
| to persons, it is not too much to say that that
I passport system was a barbarism worthy only
I of the Middle Ages. Now, the chairman of the
