zm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
restoration of Captain Dominick Lynch, of the
United States Nary, to the active list from the
reserved list;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 128) allowing
late acting Ensign George M. Smith a share
in certain prizes captured by United States
steamer Aries;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 184) for the
relief of Jane Dean Bishop;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 211) for the set-
tlement of the accounts of Charles C. Uphara,
late paymaster in the Navy, deceased; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 285) in favor
of Joshua Bishop, late lieutenant commander
United States Navy.
Message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clixtox Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed a joint
resolution (H. R. No. 286) making an appro-
priation to pay the Government of Great Brit-
ain and Ireland, in accordance with the award
of the commissioners appointed under the treaty
of July 1, 1863, to settle the claims of the
Hudson Bay Company and the Paget Sound
Agricultural Company, in which the concur-
rence of the Senate was requested.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills; and they were thereupon signed by the
Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 546) for the relief of the minor
children of Sylvester Dreyer;
A bill (S. No. 759) granting a pension to
John C. Abercrombie; and
An act (S. No. 865) increasing the pension
of John Coonafl.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 286) making
an appropriation to pay the Government of
Great Britain and Ireland} in accordance with
the award of the commissioners appointed
under the treaty of July 1, 1863, to settle the
claims of the Hudson Bay Company and the
Puget Sound Agricultural Company, was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. SAWYER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Pleasant Hill, Lancaster county, South
Carolina, praying the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
He also presented the petition of N. H.
Wood, of Portage city, Wisconsin^ praying for
an increased and. elastic volume ot currency to
the extent of $300,000,000; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. DRAKE presented the petition of Mary
J. McMullin, praying the refunding to her of
certain moneys taken by the military authori-
ties during the war of the rebellion; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I present the memorial
of David Fultz, of the town of Staunton, Vir-
ginia, who represents that he was the owner
of a large farm near that town, and that Fed-
eral soldiers under the command of Generals
Hunter and Sheridan, when they passed through
the valley, took and carried away from him
nine valuable horses, all of his grain and pro-
visions, and entered his dwelling and broke and
destroyed and carried away many articles of
property and some family relics of great value,
leaving him withoat the necessaries of life. He
also teets forth that he iwver, by word, act, or
deed, aided or abetted the rebellion, bnt, on
the other hand, he had uniformly denounced
secession as an abominable political heresy and
rebellion as the madness of folly and wicked-
ness. He therefore prays, that being a loyal
man and a friend to the Union, he may be speed-
ily compensated lor the actual losses sustained
by him. I know him personally as a man of
high standing and good character, Mid 1 hope
the prayer of the petitioner will receive the
favorable attention of the Committee on Claims,
to whom I move the reference of"this petition.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petitions of
James P. Jordan, of Isle of Wight county,
Virginia; of William Rock, of Orange county,
Virginia; of Thomas A. Gatewood, of Caroline
county, Virginia; of Charles K. Tubberville,
of Halifax, Virginia; of William A. Stephens,
of Spottsylvania county, Virginia; of F. J.
Barnes and of L. T. Barnes, of Charlotte
county, Virginia; of J. W. Dunningford, of
Lynchburg, Virginia; of Joseph D. Craig, of
New Hope, Virginia; of James T. Porter, of
Marion, Smyth county, Virginia; of J. Foot
Haller, of Smyth county, Virginia; of E. S.
Keesling, of Rural Retreat, Wythe cjunty,
Virginia; of John M. White, of Washington
county, Virginia; of Joseph W. Tubberville,
of Halifax, Virginia, and of Richard B. Rich-
ardson, of Botetourt county, Virginia, praying
theremovalof their political disabilities; which
were referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petitions of William
G. Williams, of Franklin county, Virginia; of
Cornelius Barnes, of Charlotte county, Vir-
ginia; of John P. Bailey, of Westmoreland
county, Virginia, and of B. Walker, oFWest-
moreland county, Virginia, praying the removal
of their political disabilities; which were re-
ferred to the select Committee on the Removal
of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petition of F. W. Kel-
ley, Andrew Baldwin, and George Gose, in be-
half of Rev. John G. Greever, of Burks Garden,
Virginia, praying the removal of his political
disabilities; which was referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. SPRAGUE presented a petition of cit-
izens of Rhode Island, praying the removal
of Bulkhead rock, and to establish permanent
lights at Sassafras Field, Sabin Point, and at
Guard Bed, so called, in Providence river;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. WILLEY presented the petition of
George P. Moore, of Edray county, West Vir-
ginia, praying the removal of his political dis-
abilities ; which was referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. HOWELL presented the petition ®f
Oscar Malmbourg, late colonel of the fifty-fifth
Illinois infantry, praying an increase of pen
Mr. VICKERS presented the petition of
"The Universal Decimal Weight, Measure,
and Coinage Association ofthe United States,''
asking a simple, uniform decimal system of
money ; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
reports op committees.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of
George W. Thomas, praying to be allowed a
pension, submitted an adverse report thereon ;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. PATTERSON, from the joint select
Committee on Retrenchment, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 783) to repeal all exist-
ing laws authorizing transportation and export-
ation of goods, wares, and merchandise in bond
to Mexico, overland or by inland waters, and
for other purposes, reported it without amend-
ment, and submitted a report thereon ; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOWELL, from the Committee oh Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
624) explanatory of an act entitled " An act
to continue half pay to certain widows and
orphans," approved February 3,1853, reported
adversely tliereoh, and mdved its indefinite
postponement; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 801) for the relief
of certain surviving widows of the revolu-
tionary war, reported adversely thereon, and
moved its indefinite postponement; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Florence O'Brien,
of company A, fourth New York infantry,
| prayiBg to be allowed a pension, reported
I adversely thereon, and asked to be discharged
| from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
Mr. TIPTON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was recommitted the bill (S.
No. 623) to grant a pension to Celia Tweed,
reported adversely thereon; and it was indefi-
nitely postponed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Martha Sisson,
widow of Lewis Sisson, kite of company L,
first regiment New York veteran cavalry vol-
unteers, of Unadilla, New York, praying that
she may be granted a pension, asked to be
sion; which was referred to the Committee on
PeBEkme.
Mr. FLANAGAN presented the petition of
Stephen H. Darden, of Seguin, Guadalupe
county, Texas, praying the removal of his
political disablities; which was referred to the
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
Mr. POOL presented the petitions of John
D. Hyman, of Henderson county, North Caro-
lina ; of W. H. Royster, of Pearson oounty,
North Carolina; of B. Jones, jr., Ashbe
Jones, and John A. Pledger, ofTyrrel county,,
North Carolina; of W. H. Hughes, of Lenoir
county, North Carolina; ofT. W. SIocnmb,
Wayne county. North Carolina; of Cicero
Lowe and Henry Watson, of Davidson county,
North Carolina ; of Nathaniel Kelsey, of Madi-
son county, North Carolina, andofW. A. Dan-
iel, of Halifax county, North Carolina, praying
the removal of their political disabilities; which
were referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. FENTON. I present the petition of
Margaret C. Bell, asking that Congress appro-
priate for her use a sum equal to one year's
pay of rear admiral of the Navy. She is the
widow of Rear Admiral H. H. Bell, who was
drowned at Osaka harbor while commanding
the squadron in Japanese waters in 1868. 1
move its reference to the Cooami'tse on Naval
Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of John Haley, pray-
ing to be allowed a pension, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration ; which
was agreed to.
Mr. THAYER, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to wbom were referred the bill
(S, No. 910) for the relief of John E. Wheeler
and the joint resolution (S. R. No. 142) for
the relief of William M. Kimball, reported
them without amendment.
Mr. McCREERY, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the bill (K.
R. No. 1339) for the relief of Maria Lea,
"^'"Vj^Sported it without amendment.
'10Vr X. Mr- POliEROY, from the Committee on
' ?, Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
' (S. No. 5G6) to make a grant of land to aid
in the construction of a railroad in the Terri-
tory of Dakota, reported it with amendments.
bills introduced.
| Mr. VICKERS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 919) to prevent an appropriation therein
named from Lapsing becaase ot delay in adjust-
ment ; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
: and ordered to be printed.
j Mr. HOWE asked, and by unanimous con-
! sentobtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
; 920) for the relief of John Wilson ; which was
i read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STOCKTON asked, and by unanimous
