2532
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I propose
this reduction of duty', living as I do in a coun-
try where we have remarkably cold winters
and our people are much interested in getting
cheap woolen clothing. There are no duties
now that are so high as those upon the cheap
classes of woolen goods and upon woolen
blankets. Running up as some ol them do as
high 300 per cent., the.v become totally pro-
hibitory ; so that the question of revenue does
not enter into this discussion except in the
aspect that the revenue will be increased by
lowering the duties. Although we use a very
large amount of blankets in this country, I
suppose nearly $10,000,000 worth,we imported
last, year but $22,854 worth of blankets, and
those were all of the higher quality of blankets.
There were none of the poorer article imported.
I confess that this bill in some respects lowers
the duties on blankets ; but as the tariff is now
the duty on a 4-pound blanket costing $1 in
gold is llo percent; the duty on a 4-pound
blanket costing $2 in gold is 100 per cent.;
and the duty on a 4-pound blanket costing $4
in gold is 85 per cent.
Now, 1 think this reduction of the duties
would leave all that is necessary to protect
manufacturers. It would still give Ihern at
least (H) or 75 per cent, upon a very common
tu'ucie of blanket; and since this duty produces
no revenue, wo have u, right to claim that the
duly on tln's.o blankets shall be reduced for the
j'.ui ;>(.,(> of reducing the price of blankets,
(je.ilicinen till us that the price of woolen
gonds is lower now than it whs in 18(10. In
ivvar.l to some article.", ibat may be the ease;
liui it i.-. not so in regard to the cheaper goods
of weoi'-n lnaiiu'tuitiire. JL ut even that, is no
reason for not reducing this duty. What is the
reason for tins reduction of price? The im-
men.se impoitation of wool in anticipation of a
higher tariff, so that the importers could make
immense profits on it., has led to this reduc-
tion of price. They have made these immense
profits, but they have been killing the goose
that laid the golden egg. They overcrowded
the market, and hence this temporary reduc-
tion of prices. But this stock will soon be
sold, and then under these high duties you will
see. a sudden rise in prices.
| ileri' (! ' hammer fell.]
-ilr. AX TELL. J rise to oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Minnesota, [Mr.
VViusojt.] But with the permission of the com-
mittee I will indulge for a moment in the line
of remark which has been pursued by my col-
leagues from theSlateof California, [.Mr. Joun-
f;ox and Mr. Sauukn"!'.] I desire to say that
California is a wool-growing and wool-manu-
facturing State. Wool and wine and wheat
and gold nre produced there in great abundance,
requiring a great amount of labor iti that large
State. Some painful facts have been stated to
the Committee of the Whole, and my colleagues
may have fallen into some error, both as to the
cause and the extent of the labor difficulties in
San Francisco to day. Now, in explanation
of my views and of my course here, I may be
permitted to say that I consider one of the
great causes of the evils which we have to con-
tend with, is that our labor is not sufficiently
diversified by manufactories; that just at this
time, when laborers are not needed in the har-
vest, when there is not employment to be fur-
nished by the farmers or in the vineyards, there
is a class of people who crowd into our single
great city of San Francisco, and not having
there the diversified employment given by
manufactures they are thrown out of employ-
ment. Yet it there is a land in the world that
the sun shines upon where there is bread and
work for all, that laud is the State of California
to-day.
Now I desire to correct a mistake about
prices, lest we may mislead the laboring men
of the country who look up here and watch
our proceedings, and consider us men careful
in choosing our words, how correctly, in all
eases, we know better than they. The §3 50
a day spoken of by the Representative from
the second district of California [Mr. Sab-
gent] was the price offered to a man who had
a horse and cart. He demanded $4 a day, and
they offered him $3 50 a day, and he did not
choose to work at that price. The price paid
to a laboring man was $1 75 per day. They
demanded $2 per day and were offered $1 75.
The amount of work to be performed; was not
sufficient to furnish employment to all the men
who applied.
I hope we will not reduce this tariff upon
woolen goods, for I desire that more manufac-
tories shall spring up in the neighborhood of
that great bay. That was my thought in re-
gard to sugar-refining. We have largo refin-
eries of sugar there; and under n judicious
tariff San Francisco may become, as 1 hope
she will become, a distributing point for sugars
and woolen goods, and many other articles of
manufacture for the great Mississippi valley.
All that comes from Asia will be distributed
at San Francisco. All that we manufacture
can be distributed there. We can supply the
constituents of the gentleman from the cold
regions of Minnesota [Mr. Wilsos] with'the
finest blankets made in the world; not two-
pound blankets, or three-pound blankets, but
fifteen-pound blankets. ' And we can supply
them at reasonable prices if he will give us
cheap transportation. And we will then be
able to furnish employment to the stalwart
arms of those men who are to-day demanding
labor in the city of San Francisco.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHBNCK. I move, pro forma, to
amend by striking out "20" and inserting
"40." 1 make this motion for the purpose
of informing the House that this paragraph
<loes not propose any change in the present
law.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. Will the gen-
tleman let me call his attention to a single fact?
Mr. SCHENCK. When I say " no change,"
I mean no change in the rates.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. That is what
I refer to.
Mr. SCHENCK. Balmorals have been omit-
ted in this paragraph and inserted in another
place, in which they were more appropriate,
and there has been some amendment in the
language. One long and rather obscure clause
in the present law lias been divided. These
changes of uiranj-omcBt, designed to make the
law clearer,-have been made at the suggestion
of the Treasury Department, that the custom-
house officers might more clearly understand
the duties which particular classes of goods
are required to pay.
When wo get lurther along in the bill and
reach felts, feltings, and some other matters
of that kind, it will be found that we have do-
creased the rate of duty ; but the rates in the
present paragraph are preserved as in the ex-
isting law. I am very glad to observe the
manner in which the gentleman from Califor-
nia [Mr. Axteij,] has replied to the gentle-
man from Minnesota, [Mr. Wilson".] 1 am
the more delighted because he is but support-
ing a manufacture of fabrics which I think are
destined to become the admiration of the
world. California now manufactures the hand-
somest and best blankets that are made any-
where in the world. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
The question being taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Wilsox, of Minnesota, it was not
agreed to-
Mr. HOLM AN. I move to amend the pend-
ing paragraph by striking out in line one hun-
dred and sixty-nine the words "20 cents per
pound," and inserting in lieu thereof "2o per
cent, ad valorem;" so that the first clause of
that paragraph will read :
On flannels, blankets, knit goods, hats, a,ml yarn,
composed wholly or m part of wool, valued at not
exceeding 40eonts per pound, 23 per cent, ad valorem.
I ask that the letter which I send to the
Clerk's desk may be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
' " ' LiWitENeEBtIllA,.lKptASi,
' • " , • ' December 21,1889.
My Dear Shi:" I suppose Congress will mak-e sot&e
sort of revision of the tariff this season.
I deem it of vital importance to the woolen jnan-
ufacturing interests of the ooiuntry that the duties <5n
wool, dye-stuffs,and olive oil beredacetl,-or,indeed,
wholly removed, and a gen oral reduction of the duties •
on manufactured woolen fabrics of ev^ry descrip-
tion to 25 per cent, ad valorem.' Solne congressional
action of this kind must be had soon, or the looms
of the woolen mills, of the country must.lie. idle. 'X
shall bo obliged to youif you will, if you have not
already, examino this subject and aid tho woolen
manufacturing interosts'in a way that may seem best
in your judgment. xrwrO
Truly yours, L. B. LEWIS.
Hon. W. S. HolMAN, Washington City.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Chairman, the,letter
which lias just been read was written t>y_the
proprietor of the only considerable establish-
ment manufacturing woolens with which;. I am
acquainted in the Northwest; at least it is one
of tire, most extensive. The writerfis a, .gentle-
man' of large experience-, ^autio-u's in-.aU mat-
ters of business, and not' likely to be. mistakes
upoa a-qttestiOtt of this kind. . / • r - ' > • ■.
; The proposition now, before the-.House-is to
imposei  duty of'85per cent,- aSvcUorem upon
all articles ofiwooleu, maaufrtcture. • afeia very
true ihal Mr. Lewis m this letter re«omm8mfe
that the duty on wool and> other articles which
he names be removed; but the House will bear
in mind that tho protection afforded to the wo!ol-
growing interests is comparatively small and
unimportant.. Whatever may be our theories
upon this subject, the fact is that the wool-
growing interests have not been protected by
tho tariff imposed by tho act of 1887. This
gentleman proposes a reduction or removal of
the duty upon articles entering into the manu-
facture of woolen goods, and'that the duty upon
woolen manufactures shall be reduced to 25 per
cent, acI valorem. On the contrary, the prop-
osition now before the House is to impose the
enormous duty of 85 per cent, as a minimum
upon those common articles of woolen manu-
facture. I believe that the interests of woolen
manufacturers will be largely promoted by a
reduction of the duty on woolen fabrics to 25
per cent. I believe that every intelligent wool-
producer in the country feels that his interest,
in common with that of the whole country, will
be promoted by the abandonment of this delu-
sive, this assumed protection on the raw mate-
lial and this imposition of an enormous duty
on the manufactured articles.
Mr. Chairman, coming from a section of the
country in which manufactories are not as yet.
placed on a very firm footing, :I trust, gentle-
men willgive some consideration to this prop-
osition. It is not a casual letter, but well
considered and the expression of a gentleman
well informed on the subject, who is writing,
not only in reference to the interest of his own
manufacture, but in reference to the interest of
the producers of wool throughout the north-
western sections of the country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COBUIiN. Do I understand the gen-
tleman to say he is in favor of reducing the
duty on wool?
Mr. HOLMAN. If the duty on the manu-
factured article can be reduced from 85 to 25
per cent. I say it is to tho interest of the wool-
growers that the tax should be taken off. for
in my judgment they would be benefited by the
transaction.
Mr. COBUR.N. I desire to gay a word only
in reference to the amendment. I agree sub-
stantially with my colleague that a duty of 85
per cent, ad valorem is too high. It ought to
be reduced, but not, I think, as much as the
gentleman says. It ought to be reduced some,
for these articles of flannels, blankets, knit
goods, hats, and yarns are articles of cornmon
use, and enter into the ordinary consumption
of all families among the people. The duty
should be kept at a reasonable rate. In my
judgment tho duty is increased, taking the
section all through, oil all these articles; but
