5364
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July'8,
a great desire that it shall pass. I, for one,
lm\e never held the people of the South
responsible for their action in the late rebel-
lion. Their leaders were responsible for that
action. The people were not suffered to think
and act for themselves. They were fooled by
their leaders and drawn into the war, and
therefore I do not hold them responsible. Sir,
I have lived among the southern people; I
know their characteristic points and the traits
of their character.
Now, Mr. President, I have been careful not
to put into this bill, large as it may seem to be,
the name of any person against whom there
were well-founded objections. If the Senate
determine that these citizens of Kentucky have
a preference over the citizens of other States,
I do not know that I shall make any objection;
but I think that the citizens of South Carolina
and other southern States who thought that
they owed their allegiance to the State govern-
ment rather than the General Government have
more claims upon the Government now to be
relieved from their political disabilities than
the citizens of Kentucky, because their State
did not secede ; and heuce even upon their
doctrine of primary allegiance to their State
they had no right to participate in the rebel-
lion. They went off to hunt up a fight. They
did not fight in their own State. They went
far into the South. If those men are to be
relieved from political disabilities and others
are not it is for the Senate to determine. I
shall not withdraw the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. In response to
the very touching appeal of the Senator from
Kentucky this morning I think it is the clear
intention of flie Senate to do a graceful act to
that Senator, and therefore, witliout any re-
gard to any amendment that may beproposed,
they will be disposed to pass his bill without
any " entangling alliances." The Senator from
South Carolina can bring his bill forward im-
mediately after this one has passed, if he
chooses, or he can call it up at any other more
opportune moment, and have action on the
subject on the part of the Senate. I trust that
we shall not consume the entire day in discuss-
ing a matter which will lose all its grace unless
it is promptly passed.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President 
Mr. POMEKOY. I ask the Chair to en-
force the rule. Has not the Senator from
Missouri made two or three speeches on this
subject?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair un-
derstands the Senator from Missouri has spoken
twice oil this question.
Mr. DRAKE. The subject that is now up
is the substitution of the bill from the Com-
mittee on Disabilities for the pending bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That has been
up since twelve o'clock.
Mr. DRAKE. I have not uttered a word
since that came up. I do notthink I talk any
more than the Senator from Kansas.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair rec-
ognizes the Senator from Missouri, and as he
states that he has not spoken upon this ques-
tion, and the Chair'smemory is not elearupon
the subject, the Senator will proceed.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, if the Senator
from Kentucky had consented to do one thing,
I should not have opposed the progress of his
bill to a vote. There is not a Senator on this
floor, and that Senator knows it well enough,
who, personally, is more willing to gratify ifim
and to do him a service than I am. The Sen-
ator kno s it. But, sir, this is not a case for
personal feeling to predominate. In this bill the
Senator from Kentucky admits that there are
more than twenty names that have not been
reported favorably upon by the Committee on
Political Disabilities. And yet Senators wi-sh to
rush forward to pass this bill and relieve those
twenty men from political disabilities whose
cases have been rejected by the Committee on
Political Disabilities, or not reported favorably
upon. There is the thing that I object to par-
ticularly. If the Senator from Kentucky will
agree to lay this bill aside for thirty minutes,
and consultwiththechairman of the Committee
on Political Disabilities, and will take out of it,
the twenty-odd names that are not in the gen-
eral bill, Ishallnotinterposeaword of obstacle
to his bill coming to a vote. I do not say that
I shall vote for it; but I;shall interpose no
obstacle except to offer the amendment which
I have to this bill, and shall offer to every
other of a like kind that may come up. But if
the Senate is determined to rush right on and
remove the political disabilities of twenty lven-
tuckians reported against, or not reported in
favor of by the committee, and perhaps half
or two thirds of them holding office in defiance
of the Constitution of the United States, it is
their responsibility, not mine.
Mr. SUMNER. This is not a question of
courtesy to the Senator from Kentucky. If it
wore, we should all agree. No Senator would
fail in any courtesy to the Senator from Ken-
tucky, especially after the appeal that he has
made to us. But I begin by saying that there
is 110 question of courtesy here; it is a ques-
tion of duty, what we shall do under the power
intrusted to us under the constitutional amend-
ment.
Now, I am assured that there are some twenty
names in the list of the Senator that have been
rejected by our Committee on Political Dis-
abilities. What is the use of a committee if you
do not abide, to a'certain extent at least, by
its recommendations; if, when the committee
rejects names, as in this case, an individual
Senator, on his own responsibility, may push
a bill containing those names, and the Senate
adopt it/
It' 1 can have the attention of the Senator
from Kentucky, I should like to understand
something more about these names than I do.
I have letters from Kentucky, which arS at
home now at my house—I did not expect this
bill to come up to-day, nor was I disposed to
use these letters, even—but I have received let-
ters calling my attention to several of these
names, showing that they are very objection-
able to the Republicans of Kentucky. Now,
I should like to know, in good faith, to what
extent these names are acceptable to the Re-
publicans of Kentucky. How have these people
behaved toward the Republicans? Have they
been just—I do not say generous? Have they
behaved properly toward the Republicans of
Kentucky; or have they so behaved as natu-
rally to create hostility from the other side?
Mr. McCREERY. It will afford me pleas-
ure to answer the question put by the distin-
guished Senator from Massachusetts. I will
simply remark that the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Disabilities will bear witness that I
have filed with him a very great number of
very strong recommendations from the leading
radical members of the Republican party of
Kentucky. In fact, there has been so much
interest manifested by the Republican party in
some of these cases that leading Republicans
of tho highest position have left their homes
and made the trip to Washington city to assist
their personal friends in getting through. It
was but a few days since that I saw here Ben.
Bristow—a man who will compare favorably
with any gentleman on this floor—in company
with i\ L. Burnett. T. L. Burnett was elected,
1 believe, to theoffice of city attorney for Louis-
ville, but he would not qualify until Ins dis-
abilities were removed, and Ben. Bristow, late
district attorney of 1he United States, a man
of position at the bar, in society, and every-
where else, a colonel in the Union Army, left
his homo and came here merely to state to
members of this body that this man, T. L.
Burnett, was acceptable not only to his own,
bat to every party in the State. And so I have
filed written recommendations, almostnumber-
less, with the committee upon this very point.
There are no outrages, that I know of, com-
mitted against Union men in the State of Ken-
tucky. We have harmonized there. We bad
a wise and good Governor at the termination
of the war. Thomas E. Bramlette was Gov-
ernor of Kentucky. He looked with a forgiv-
ing eye upon these things; and society there
to-day has settled down upon what you would
regard as a good basis. Men meet together as
men, neighbors, and friends; and there is in
that State probably less feeling than in any
other State of this Union. We have in the
other branch of Congress one gentleman who
followed the Union flag during the war and
one gentleman who followed the other flag.
We have harmonized ; we look at men as they,
are; we have no old scores to settle; we are
moving along quietly, honestly, and nicely;
we have none of those bickerings and jars that
there is «o much talk about here.
I have no doubt that the Senator from South
Carolina has tho information he states ; but I
feel certain there is some misapprehension
somewhere; that there cannot be any feeling
in Kentucky to get Union men out of that
State. We have plenty of them living among
us, representing us in our State Legislature;
and we have none of that feeling, or very little
of the feeling, that gentlemen seem to think
pervades southern society. I hope, now, that
the vote may be taken.
Mr. RICE. Is it in order to move to modify
the amendment to the amendment of tho Sen-
ator from South Carolina?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. RICE. I move, then, to modify that
amendment so as to add the bill of the Senator
from South Carolina to the bill of the Senator
from Kentucky, instead of as a substitute for
it; so as to leave the names in the bill of the
Senator from Kentucky intact, and add the
other bill to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tho Chair will
state that that motion is not in order under
parliamentary rules now. The motion of the
Senator from South Carolina is to strike out
and insert. It cannot be divided, in the first
placo, and cannot be amended in the second
place, by proposing that what he seeks to strike
out shall remain in the bill.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I do not know that I
understood what the Senator from Arkansas
desired.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Arkansas desired to have the motion of the
Senator from South Carolina modified so that
it should be to add to the bill of the Senator
from Kentucky the large bill, which the Sen-
ator from South Carolina has in charge, and
not to strike out the bill of the Senator from
Kentucky, as now modified by the Senate.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I insist on my own
motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
South Carolina insists on his motion. The
question is on striking out and inserting.
Mr. ROBERTSON called for the yeas and
nays ; and they were ordered.
Mr. McCREERY. I hope this will not be
done. If the bill is sent to the House in that
way it will just destroy my hill altogether.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. %ill the Chair state
the precise question?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from South Car-
olina, to strike out all of the bill of the Senator
irom Kentucky after the enacting clause, and
to insert in its stead the bill reported by the
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
<s I hope the Senator from
South oarohna will withdraw the call for the
yeas and nays. It is evident that a majority
ol the Senate are in sympathy with the Senator
irom Kentucky, and I feel that wav myself. I
hope he will withdraw the call.
Mr. HOWE. Before I vote on this question
• Ti , knowl >w far the names contained
in the bill moved by the Senator from Kentucky
are in the hi,, moved by the Senator from South
Carolina.
Mr. ROBER1SON. There are thirty-foui
