1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3477
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 197) giving the oonsent
of Congress to the reception of a certain
bequest by the State of New Jersey under the
will of the late Edwin A. Stevens; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SPRAGUE asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 921) granting jurisdiction to the Court of
Claims in a certain cause involving the use of
a patent; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
UGHTS IN PROVIDENCE IUYBR.
Mr. SPRAGUE submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to :
Retolwd, Thattho Committee on Commerce refer
to the Light-House Board for report the petition
for removing Bulkhead Rock, and to establish per-
manent lights on Field Point, Sabin Point, Sassa-
fras Field, at Quard Bed, so o&Lled, in Providence
river.
DECATUR AND ABERDEEN RAILROAD.
Mr. SPENCER. I ask unanimous consent
of the Senate to call up at this time Senate bill
No. 268. I think it can be passed at once
without debate. It is a bill making a grant of
lands for a railroad from Decatur to Aberdeen.
Mr. POMEROY. There are several bills
reported from the Committee on Public Lands
that I should be glad to have considered. The
Senator from Minnesota [Mr. Ramsey] has
asked me to call up one bill which has already
been read. If the Senate can consider those
bills I shall be glad to have them considered
now.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like very much to
have the bill to which the Senator from Kan-
sas refers taken up at this time.
Mr. SPENCER. I hope the bill to which I
have referred will be taken up now. I appealed
to the Senate first, and my request is first in
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Alabama asks unanimous consent to take
up the bill mentioned by him. The Chair hears
no objection.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 268) I
granting public lands in the States of Alabama j
and Mississippi to the Decatur and Aberdeen i
Railroad Company to aid in the construction I
of a railroad to be built from Decatur, Alabama,
to Aberdeen, Mississippi, was considered as
in Committee of the Whole.
The Committee on Public Lands reported
the bill with amendments. The first amend-
ment reported by the committee was in section
one, line seven, after "Alabama," to strike
out the words "to Aberdeen" ana insert "to
a point on the State line of Mississippi in the
direction of Aberdeen;" and in line ten to
strike out "either" before "side" and insert
"each;" so as toTead:
That there bo, and is hereby, granted to the Deca-
tur and Aberdeen Railroad Company, a body-cor-
porate, created and existing under the laws of the
State of Alabama, for the purpose of aiding in the
construction of a first-class railroad, to be built from'
Decatur, Alabama, to a point on the State line of
Mississippi, in the direction of Aberdeen, in the
State of Mississippi, overy alternate Bection of land
designated by odd numbers for six sections in width
on each side of said road.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment w&& in section two,
line four, after the words "to say," to strike
out the words " that a quantity of land not ex-
ceeding one hundred and twenty sections for
said road, and included within a continuous
length of twenty miles of said road, may be
sold, and."
The amendment wps agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. There should be another
amendment there confining it to the conterm-
inous sections.
Mr. SPENCER. That is the next amend-
ment.
The next amendment was in section two,
line nine, to strike oat the word "another"
and insert the word "a;" and in line eleven,
after the word "miles," to insert 'Jand con-
terminous with the completed portion of the
road."
Mr. POMEROY. How will it read then?
The Secretary. If amended as proposed
the section will read as follows:
That said lands hereby granted to said railroad
company shall be disposed of b.v the said company
only in the following manner, that is to say: when
the Governor of the said State shall certify to the
Secretary of tho Interior that any twenty continu-
ous miles of said road is completed, then a quantity
of land not exceeding ono hundred and twenty sec-
tions of the land herein appropriated, and included
within twenty continuous miles, and conterminous
with the completed paction of the road, may be sold;
and so on, from time to time, until the said road is
completed; and if the said road shall not be com-
pleted within six years from the passage of this act
then no further sales shall be made, and the lands
unsold shall revert to the United States Government.
Mr. POMEROY. That is right.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the proviso at
the end of the second Bection, to strike out
the word "all," in line seventeen, so as to
read:
Provided, how«ver, That the agricultural lands
herein appropriated shall not be sold exoept to ac-
tual settlers at a price not to exceed $2 50 per acre,
and in tracts or lots not exceeding one hundred and
sixty acres to any one individual.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section four,
lino two, after the word "carry," to strikeout
"free of toll or charge" and insert "at rea-
sonable ratesso as to make the section read:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, Thatthe said rail-
road shall be a public highway, and carry at reason-
able rates all United States troops and United States
stores, munitions, <fco., pertaining to the same; also,
that the said road shall carry the United States mail,
subject to such regulations as may by act of Congress
be prescribed; and, in absenoe of such legislation,
the mail may be carried jrndor any arrangement
made between the said railroad company and the
Postmaster General.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. There should have been j
a proviso reported with the bill excepting all I
mineral lands from the operation of the bill.
That was left out accidentally. Mineral lands
should be excepted from the provisions of the
act, but I see they a,tQ pot excepted. I there-
fore move that proviso,
Mr. SPENCER. What does the Senator i
mean by " mineral lauds ?" i
Mr. POMEROY. Lands oootainiqg gold
and silver and tjia precipuapietals. I do npt
know that there are any such lands there; but
we always insert that proviso in these bills.
Mr.. SPENCER, There is no gold or silver
Mr, POMEROY, There should be a pro-
viso somewhat in this form:
Provided, That mineral lands are hereby excepted
from the provisions of this grant.
Mr. SPENCER. I do not want to except
the coal lands.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kansas moves to amend this bill by inserting
an exception in regard to the mineral lands,
which will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, as fol-
lows:
Provided, That no mineral lands, except such as
contain coal andiron, shall be granted by this act.
Mr. POMEROY, Coal lands are not min-
eral lands; but I have no objection to that
form.
Mr. SPENCER. It is already in.
Mr. POMEROY. No; it is not.
Mr. SPENCER. I accept the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. There are two or three
matters in the bill that struck me in the read-
ing as rather novel. In th« first place, it is a
grant to a company, and not to a State. Is not
that a novel feature? Is it not usual to make
the grant to the State for the use of the com-
pany?
Mr. POMEROY. We never make a grant
to a Territory; but where a company is regu-
larly organized and has got a status we some-
times give the lands to the company and not
to the State. They are usually given to the
State, however, in trust for the company.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then there is a novel
provision in regard to allowing the company to
make up the deficiency.
Mr. POMEROY. Within a prescribed limit.
Mr. SHERMAN. By this bill that is ex-
tended to thirty miles—fifteen miles on eacli
side of the road. I am perfectly willing to
grant to this company the usual and ordinary
facilities for building a railroad. We are com-
mitted to that policy, and I feel disposed to
adhere to it.
Mr. SPENCER. If the Senator will allow
me, I will state that this bill is in the usual form
of all the bills passed this winter, as it is now
amended.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the very point I
make, that it is not in the usual form. The
lands are never in any case granted to the
company.
Mr. SPENCER. It is but very little land
that they will get, and the land is of very little
value.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator will allow
me, I will finish what I intended to say. The
bill is not in the usual form, or I would not
have interposed. This is a grant of alternate
sections for six miles on each side of the road.
I believe we have never extended the right to
makeup deficiencies beyond twice the distance.
This bill extends the right to make up the de-
ficiency to a strip thirty miles wide. I submit
that it goes too far. I also notice another
thing. The provision granting the right of
way is not confined to the public lands. I pre-
sume that is an oversight. It grants the right
of way without regard to the public lands. It
is true wo cannot grant the right of way ex-
cept through the public lands ; but it might be
construed, to be a grant of the right of way by
the Government over the lands of private indi-
viduals. It ought to be expressly confined to
the right of way over the public lands, I pre-
sume that is an oversight.
Mr. SPENCER. Ihave no objection to an
amendment in that respect.
Mr. SHERMAN. The limit within which
to make up the deficiencies ought, I think, to
be confined to twelve miles on each, side of.
the road, instead of fifteen, tf we once extend.
a privilege of that kind in that way it will be
extended hereafter to other roads.
The VICE PRESIDENT, The Senator from
Ohio moves to amend the bill by restricting
the right of way "through the public lands."
The Chair understands there is no objection
to that amendment, and it will be regarded as
agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I did not draw the bill.
I see the company have got alternate sections
for six sections in width on each side of the
road, which gives them but three sections per
mile on each side. There are only three sec-
tions given on each side, and therefore they
should not be allowed to go further than twelve
miles to make up deficiencies.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is precisely what I
say. I move to amend the bill by striking out
"fifteen" and inserting "twelve."
Mr. WARNER. I call the attention of the
Senate to the fact that most of the grants we
have given here have been ten sections to the
mile on each side. This grant is onty three
sections on a side, the very smallest limit that
has been given to any road. No matter how
far the company may go outside of the limits
of the grant to make up deficiencies, they can
only get six sections to the mile—three sections
on each side. I will farther call the attention
of the Senate to the fact that this grant is of
lands that were open to sale under the gradua-
tion act for many years at twelve and a half
cents an acre and were not taken. The grant
is one of the most limited we have ever passed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
