i8Ta
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1589
power given to tho notes of the United States,
iy being made the basis of onr financial system,
ami the right to present them in payment of
every debtor obligation, that gave us ability to
liotrow money during the dark days of the war.
Therefore, I do not, for one, like to see another
department of the Government endanger this
power, which if we were again involved in a
war under circumstances like that ought to be
and will be resorted to by Congress.
Bat it must be remembered that this clause
was only justified by the exigencies of war.
It was not intended as a raeasare of peace.
These legal tenders were only the instruments
of battle; they were musketry and cannon.
But when peace came these agencies should
have been rapidly retired.
There was another provision incorporated
in the act of February 25, 1862, that gave to
these legal-tender notes their chief value. That
was the right to fund them at any time into a
bond of the United States bearing interest in
gold; and this was upon the principle that
while we could not redeem these notes in coin
we would redeem them in the very best thing
we could offer—our bonded debt, secured by a
pledge of all the public revenue. This right
to fund was afterward, as I will show, repealed,
and the great error of our financial legislation
was that this right was not promptly restored
the moment the war was Over, and then we
would have bad what was provided by the act
of February 25,1862, a self-adjusting currency,
always redeemable in bonds, until bonds were
par in gold. That at least would have been
honest; that at leafct would have made good the
obi igations printed upon the back of those notes
when we issued them, and compelled all the
people of the United States to take them in the
payment of private debts.
Mr. President, some important changes were
made in the act of February 25,1862, to which
it is necessary for me now to refer in order to
present the question clearly. By the original
act the amount of legal tenders was limited to
$150,000,000. By the act of July 11, 1862,
the limit was enlarged to $300,000,000. That
ael authorized the issue of $150,000,000 more
legal tenders of the same character as under
the act of February 25, 1862, and they were
issued. By the act of March 3, 1863, there
was a still greater enlargement of the legal-
tender notes. Another $150,000,000 were au-
thorized, $50,(MM),000 of which, however, were
to be kept for a specific purpose, to pay ma-
turing obligations, making an aggregate of
$450,000,000 of legal-tender notes authorized
up to that time. Then, by the act of June 30,
1864, when the paper money of the country
had beeome alarmingly redundant and was
flooding all channels of business, the United
States entered into a solemn pledge, which I
will now read:
"'Sot shall thetotal amount of United Stateenotes
issued or to be issued ever exceed $400,000,000, and
such additional sum, not exceeding: $50,000,000, as
may be temporarily reauired for the redemption of
temporary loan; nor snail any Treasury note bear-
ing interest, issued under thi« aet, be a legal tender
in payment or redemption of any notes issued by
any bank, banking association, or banker, calculated
or intended to circulate as money."
That was the state of the law during the war
so far as legal-tender notes were concerned.
They were first limited to $150,000,000 and
were fundable into bonds; then increased to
§300,000,000; then increased to $450,000,000;
then a separate guarantee attached to your loan
act of June 30, 1864, that the amount should
never exceed $450,000,000 under any circum-
stances ; so that a limit was reached. But there
was another change, a much more important
modification made of the currency provided by
the original act. By the aet of March 3,1863,
the right to convert into bonds was taken away
by this clause of that act:
"And the holders of United States notes issued
under and by virtue of said acts shall present the
same tor the purpose of exchanging the same for
bond*, u therein provided, on or before the 1st day
of July, 1863, and thereafter the right so to exohange
the same shall cease and determine."
At thedateof thisact$300,000,000of United
States notes were outstanding, with the distinct
right printed on the faoe of them that they
might be fundable into bonds bearing six per
cent, interest in gold.
Why was this right taken away from them?
Was it because we did not wish them converted
into bonds? On the contrary, this provision
was adopted to induce their conversion. All
our bonds, even six per cent, gold bonds, were
then below the par of United States notes, and
in order to aid and expedite the conversion of
the notes into bonds we depreciated the iutrinsic
value of the notes. It is a grave question
whether this measure was not a breach of pub-
lic faith. It was clearly so, unless we regard
it as simply a limitation of the timo within
which the right to convert should be exercised.
This is the distinction upon which all statutes
of limitation are supported. This provision
was inserted in the Senate with grave doubts,
and. the error was, that it was not so framed as
to be a mere temporary suspension of a right,
and not a permanent denial; a stay law, and
not an absolute repudiation under pretense of
a short act of limitation.
. Butalthough this provision was adopted, and
accomplished the object designed, there never
was an hour np to the close of the war when
these uotes were not received at par for the
bonds then in the market of the United States.
This clause was deemed to be necessary in order
to depreciate the notes and draw them back
into the Treasury; but until after the war was
over practically they were received at par in
payment of the five-twenty loans, of the ten-
forty loan, of the seven-thirty loan, and for
every form of indebtedness contracted during
the war. The mistake we mads was in making
a temporary exigency the excuse for a perma-
nent injustice and repudiation.
I have thus stated our general financial his-
tory during the wan I will not go into details.
I only wish to bring these matters that perhaps
have passed from the attention of Senators
baekto their recollections. After all, our finan-
cial operations during the war were a wonderful
success. We borrowed from our own people a
larger sum of money than ever was borrowed
in the world before in the same length of time.
We levied larger taxes than ware ever collected
from arty people in the world before. We sub-
mitted willingly to sacrifices without a parallel
in history. Taking them altogether, when we
we come to review onr financial measures I
must say that their success is as wonderful
as were our military operations. Providence
seems to have been on our side. After the
legal-tender clause was passed we never really
needed money to pay our soldiers but that
money was forthcoming. No soldier ever
begged for his pay when it was justly due to
him after these measures had been matured
and adopted, and the enormous sum of $3,500,-
000,000 was expended by the United States in
a war of four years, and at the end of the war
the country was stronger, greater, more pow-
erful than when it entered into the tar—more
powerful in physical resources, more powerful
itt moneyed means. The actual contribution
by foreign nations to our population, during
the war was far greater than even the losses by
the war, great as they were. The enormous
wealth1 accumulated by our people during the
war, by the activity given to all business oper-
ations, than repaired all the immense
sacrifices involved in the operations of the war.
Thus we may safely say that our financial oper-
ations during the war were a success.
The organisation of the national banks, al-
though subsidiary, yet performed a useful func-
tion in ear financial operations. Theyabsorbed
the State bank paper, which at the beginning
of the war was a dangerous currency of local
circulation, excluding the national currency.
They furnished a market for our bonds, and
now hold three hundred and forty-odd million
dollars of Government bonds. They were
useful financial agents in the negotiation of
loans, and rendered a vast amount of service
during the war in collecting our revenues and
in selling our bonds. They are to be the ulti-
mate means of resuming specie payments. By
the agency of the banking system alone we can,
without retiring our entire amount of green-
backs, come back to specie payments. The
national banks were merely subsidiary to these
great measures. The financial policy of the
war was contained in the act of February 25,
1862, and the acts amendatory thereof.
Now, Mr. President, there is no doubt that
during and since the war we made some errors,
and were guilty of some departures from true
financial principles. I say this in all kindness,
because I do not mean to evade my share of the
responsibility; and I now wish to point out
some of those errors.
In the fall of 1864 anew character of security
was issued that I think was not authorized by
law. I refer to the seven-thirty bonds, which
were issued with a clause giving the holder the
right to convert them when they became due
into five-twenty bonds. At the time I thought,
and still I think, by a fair construction of the
law as it then stood that there was no power
in the Secretary of the Treasury to give the
holders of those seven-thirties the right to
fund them into five-twenty bonds. It was a
departure from the financial policy of theGov-
ernment to provide only for short loans. The
seven-thirty bonds were issued running three
years, with the right on the part of the holder
at the end of three years to convert them into
five-twenty bonds, payable, principal and in-
terest, in gold. The result was at the close
of the war to continue a loan bearing six per
cent, in gold for a longer period than was
authorized by law. By referring to the act of
June 80,1864, under which this loan was made,
you wilt see that the option was given to the
Secretary of the Treasury to issue either five-
twenty bonds or seven-thirty Treasury notes.
Either of those securities might be issued at
his option, but there is no authority in the law
of Jane 80, 1864, allowing that option to the
holder of the seven-thirty note. Granting it
postponed the payment of the principal of the
debt, and disabled us at the close of the war
from entering into any process of funding.
The amount issued in the fall of 1864 was
$234,000,000. The aggregate amount of gold
bonds outstanding on the 1st of July, 1864, was
only $700,780,250; all the rest of our indebt-
edness at that time was in currency securities.
The next error which affected our financial
operations, and which affects them now, is the
error made after the war was over by Mr.
McCulloch, the t hen Secretary of the Treasury,
ofcontinaing this form of oppressiveaeonrities.
After the war was over, and after the lost rebel
had laid down hisarms, there were issued about
six hundred million dollars of seven thirty-notes
convertible at the pleasure of the holder into
five-twenty bonds. There i3 now bo doubt that
if immediately after the war was over a loan
bearinga s mailer rate of interest payable in gold
had been put on the market all the floating
debt of the United States might have been con-
verted into iti On the 1st of March, 1865, when
the war was practically at an end, the amount
of gold-bearing bonds did not much exceed
$1,000,000,000, and all the rest of our in-
debtedness was in currency securities; but by
the mistaken' action of the Secretary of the
Treasury thosecnrrency securities were floated
into a six per- cent, five-twenty bond, and the
period of payment was postponed eight years
by allowing the holder of the seven-thirties to
convert them into five-twenty bonds at the end
of three years. At that time the floating debt
of the United States might have been funded
into a five per cent, ten-forty bond.
Bat, Mr. President, Congress itself was
guilty of some errors, and one or two very
