1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
whether increased or not, wo should cut down
somewhat this tax upon the people. If we cut
down the duty on woolens in any regard what-
ever let it be on those articles which enter into
the general consumption and are of common
use among the poorest people, and keep it up
on more expensive articles. I hope a reason-
able reduction will be made here; and if the
amendment of my colleague is not adopted I
shall move an amendment for that purpose.
The question recurred on Mr. Homas's
amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Soman, and
Mr. Hooper of Massachusetts, were appointed.
The committee divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 40, noes 75.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the committee
now rise.
The motion was agreed to. _
So the committee accordingly rose: and
the Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr.
Wheeler reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had, accord-
ing to order, had under consideration the state
of the Union generally, and particularly the
bill (II. R. No. 1098) to amend existing laws
relating to the duty on imports, and for other
purposes, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
the House do now adjourn.
Mr. PESTERS. I move that when the House
adjourns it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. DAWES. Ihope that will not be done.
I demand the yeas and nays. The country
understands iliat we are here to work.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SUTLER, of Massachusetts. We are
at work on Saturdays in the committees. We
can get along much faster by having that day
for the business of the committees. The
Committee on the Judiciary meets on that
day.
Mr. DAWES. The Committee on Appro-
priations work all day and every day.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 44, nays 7S, not voting
10b : as follows :
YKAS — Messrs. Adams, Aiucll, Axtcll. Beck,
Ba;gs, Bingham, Boles, Booker, James Brooks,
lltm-hard, Burr, Benjamin 1''. Butter, Oake, Cox,
Dickinson, Eldiidcce, i'inkclnburg, tietz, Gribson,
payment to d. c. forney.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following communication
from the Clerk of the House;
Clerk's Office,
House op Representatives,
Washington, X). C., April 8, 1870.
Sib: In reply to the resolution of the House of this
date, directing the Clerk to report at what time, out
of what appropriation, and by what authority of law
the sum of $1,873 has been paid to D. C. Forney for
advertising certain statements in reference to the
Thirty-Seventh Congress, I have tho lionor to state
that the bill referred to was paid on the 31st of March,
1869, by direction of the Committee on Accounts, and
out of the "miscellaneous" item of tho contingent
fund.
The authority of thoeommitteeoverthe contingent
fund will bo found in the ninety-eighth rulo of the
House, their approval of an account being, by imme-
morial usage, held to be obligatory on tho Olork of
the House, except in eases where payment may bo
expressly prohibited by law.
I may take this occasion to say that on my acecs-
sion to office I found it had been the practice of
some of the Washington city newspapers to publish
these statements of appropriations, but that I have
uniformly declined to order tho publication, and
have done all in my power to discourage the prac-
tice, which h#s at length been abandoned.
I incloso for your further infoimation a copy of
tho voucher with thevorious indorsements thereon.
I am, \*ery respectfully, your obedient servant,
EDWARD MoPHliRSO.W
Hon. J. G. Blaise,
Speaker Jlouse of licxircscntativcs.
The communication was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
And then, on motion of Mr. DAWES, the
House (at five o'clock and fifteen minutes
p. m.) adjourned.
tone, Tails, Van Auken, Van Horn, Wilkinson,
,Vill.trd, KusciieM. Wilson, and Yv'inch ester—44.
NAYS— Messrs. Allison, Ambler,_ Ames, Ariii-
i(jAtwood, Barry, Beatty, Blair, (tcorfcc^M.
Brooks, Buckley, Buflinton. Cessna, Churchill, bid-
ncy Clai ke, Coburn, Conger,Conner, Covodc, Cowles,
Crebs, Cullom, Dawes, Begone,', Dickey Donley,
121a., Ferry. Fisher, Fitch, llawkms, Ilawlcy, Hill,
iloar, Hooper, Ingersoll, Jcnckos, Johnson, Kelley,
Kellogg, Kelsey, Knapp, Lawrence, Longhridge,
McCarthy, McCormick, McKee, "William Mooie,
Myer , O'Neill, Packard, Packer, Palmer. Perce,
Phelus, Reeves, Rogers, Sanford, Sawyer, Scotietd,
Shanks, Sherrod, William Smyth, Stevens, Stradtv,
Townsend, Twichell, Tyncr, (Jpson, William L.
"Washburn, Welker, Wells, Whitmorc, and vt U-
liams—73.
SOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer, Asper, Ayer,
Bailey, Banks, Barnuni, Beamaii, Benjamin, Ben-
nett. Benton. Bird, Bowon. Boyd, Buck, Bardett,
Roderick R. Butler, Calkin, W. T. Clark, Cleveland,
Amtisa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb, Cook, Davis, Bixon,
Dockory, Box, Duval, Djer, Farnsvvoith, Femss,
Fox, Garfield. (rilfillan, llsnght, Tinldeinim, llalll-
blcton, llamill,Harris, Hays, lleaton, Ileflin, Hoge,
Hotchkiss, Alexander 11. Jones, Thomas B. Jones,
J add, Julian, Kcteham.Laflin, Lash. Logan, Lynch,
7\lavna.ni. JlcCrary, Milnes, Eliakim 11. Moore,
jesie it. Moore, Morgan, Morphia, Daniel J. Mor-
rill. Samuel P. Morull, Morrissey, Mungen, Oitb,
l\.'Lne, Piatt, Polfind, Pomeroy, Porter, Potter,
Pressor, Randall, Reading, Rice, Itidsrwoy, Roots,
Si'heuck. Sehumnker, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter
Sheldon, Slocum, John A. Smith, Joseph S. Smith,
Y.'i'iiom J Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Stark-
weather Stevenson. Stiles, Stokes._ Stoughton,
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to tho appropriate
committees :
By Mr. ADAMS: The petition of Thomas
Thorp, jr., of Madison county, Kentucky,
praying for removal of political disabilities.
By Mr. ARCHER: Three petitions of citi-
zens of Maryland, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
By Mr. KELSEY : A petition of citizens of
Nunda, Nov/ York, to abolish tho duty on pig
lead.
By Mr. SCHENCK: The petition of T.
Worthington, of Ohio, late colonel forty-sixth
regiment Ohio volunteer infantry, asking in-
vestigation into the charges for which he was
illegally dismissed the volunteer service Sep-
tember 10, 18G2.
By Mr. SHANKS: The petition of J. J.
Todd and 14 others, of Bluffton, Indiana, op-
posing the seventh section of the landing bill.
Also, the petition of P. lloailand and 15
others, of Fort Wayne, Indiana, to the same
effect.
Bv Mr. STONE: The petition of Thomas
C. Elagruder.
By Air. VAN WYCK: The petition of citi-
zens of Miudletown, New York, asking that
pig lead may be imported free of duty.
w:iru—lu8.
So the House refused to adjourn over till
Monday.
IN SENATE,
Sattjuday, April 9, 1870.
Prayer by the Rev. J. G. Butler, Chaplain
of the House of Representatives.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. CASSERIjY. [ present the petition
of Andrew McClory, of Yolocounty, California.
This petition states a very strong case. ^ It
shows that in 1801 he bought a quarter section
of land in the State of California as land in lieu
of section sixteen, to which the State was enti-
tled by act of Congress. The State was entitlea
to select and did select the section so located
by the petitioner. Subsequently, on attempt-
ing to perfect his title at the land office, he
discovered that an error had been made by
mistake of the State locating agent; and the
petitioner asks now for the passage of a bill rem-
edying the defect. I move that his memorial,
which states the whole case, be printed without
the exhibits, and under the circumstances I
think it ought to go to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
The petition was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petitions of
T. N. Bolderson, L. W. Richardson, William
S. Byrd, Sewell A. -Byrd, H. .S.' Doggett, M.
B. Gressitt, John L_ Strausberrp, A. B. Cralle,
and David Alexander, of Virginia, praying the
removal of their political disabilities ; which
were referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have received a peti-
tion from one hundred and thirty-seven col-
ored citizens of the city of Circleville, in the -
State of Ohio. I notice that the signatures
are mostly written in the same handwriting ;
but it is accompanied by the statement of a
gentleman who is known to me to be a reli-
able and influential citizen, that the signing
of the names was authorized by the.parties
whose names are signed. They represent that
in the recent election in Circleville they were
prevented from voting, though they were_com-
petent to vote under the fifteenth amendment
to the Constitution. They represent, that in a
portion of the wards the officers whose duty it
was to hold the election two or three days pre-
viously resolved not to participate in the elec-
tion and refuses! to serve, and according to the
laws of the State of Ohio their places were
filled temporarily by persons totally irrespons-
ible pecuniarily or in any other way for any
injury that might be inflicted by them. They
were excluded arbitrarily and without reason
from voting.
Mr. TilURMAN. Will my colleague speak
a little louder? We have not been able to bear
a word that he has said in this part of the
Chamber.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will repeat that this
paper is signed by one bundled and thirty-
seven citizens of Circleville, Ohio. Someofthe
names are written evidently in the same hand,
but it is accompanied by a letter from W. H. P.
Denny, whom perhaps my colleague knows, as
well as myself, to bo a thoroughly responsible
man, stating that the signatures were in every
case authorized to be signed by Mr. Diekerson,
who signedmost of the names, because the per-
sons who authorized the signatures, I suppose,
could not write their own names. They allege
that at the recent election on Tuesday last they
wore prevented from votingin pursuance of their
right under the fifteenth amendment. They
also allege that the officers whose duty it was
to allow diem to vote declined to serve on the
day of election and their places were filled,
under the laws of Ohio, temporarily, by persons
who were entirely irresponsible, so that they have
practically no redress, no remedy for the griev-
ance they have suffered in being deprived of
the right to vote. They ask for the protection
of Congress, and they ask that a law may be
passed "to protect them in the exercise of the
right conferred upon them by the fifteenth
amendment. I believe this petition ought to
be referred to the J udiciary Committee, and I
move its reference to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I present a concurrent resolu-
tion of the Legislature of California, setting
forth in the form of a preamble many very
strong reasons for setting apart the military
reservation known as the Presidio reservation,
, in San Francisco, for a public park in that city.
| Alter setting forth those reasons the resolution
' directs the Senators and requests the Repre-
j sentatives in Congress from that State to use
! all means in their power for the purpose of
i procuring the passage of such a law by Oon-
! gress. This matter has already been reported
! on adversely by the Committee on Military
I Affairs, and is now on the Calendar. _ I move,
| therefore, that this resolution he printed and
I placed, with the papers m the ease, oil the Cal-
