1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4421
Committee on Commerce—of commerce which
ought to be free, as far as it can be compatible
with existing circumstances and existing ne-
cessities; of course I take them into consider-
ation—considers it a merit that the law under
which he is acting has restored and applied the
passport system to commerce and to merchan-
dise, requiring commerce and merchandise to
lie vis6<l at every step as it passes from place
to place, and he considers it something deserv-
ing of encomium that we realize a revenue out
of that. Of course you do ; and if you made
it twice as odious you would get twice as much
money, probably. But all that you get out of
such a system as that comes out of your citi-
zens double and quadruple. It is a well known
axiom in such matters that expenses which
you levy in that manner increase as they go
along from the first hands to the last hands of
distribution and consumption in your country.
That is merely a general observation. I wish
now to ask the chairman of the committee
what is the explanation of the large salary that
is moved here for the consul at Shanghai, in
China, $6,000? I presume these salaries are
gold salaries.
Mr. SPENCER. They are all gold.
Mr. CHANDLER. I can give that inform-
ation, if the Senator desires it. The consul
at Shanghai is obliged to hold a consular court.
He is judge and consul, and has a jail under
his charge.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And executioner, too?
Mr. CHANDLER. lie is executioner for
aught I know. His business is very great. He
has the whole power of the Government. Some-
times he has had occasion to sentence a man
to death, and to execute the sentence. The
expenses of living there are very high. The
State Department recommended the increase,
and the committee adopted the recommenda-
tion. A proposition was made to establish a
United States court there, and send a judge
to perform the judicial business that the con-
sul has now to perform ; but that has not been
adopted, and the consul's salary has been
raised.
Mr. SPENCER. He is the chief judicial
officer of all the oriental consulates, as 1 under-
stand?
Sir. CHANDLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. CASSEJttLY. The question is not what,
his rank is, but what ho has to do. You might
make him chief justice of all your jurispru-
dence in China.
Mr. SPENCER. That is what he is.
Mr, CASSERLY. But the question is what
he has to do.
.Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President 
Mr. CASSERLY. There are two or three
<■ 'rer Senators waiting to speak, and I shall
<; ve them all a chance in a moment. Living
on the American coast of the Pacific, I have
had some occasion, I think, in the course of
my profession, toknow somewhat of theamount
of business transacted in the consular courts
on the Asiatic coast opposite; and I con-
fess I am surprised at the salaries which are
atiixed to all these consular offices in China,
and at the number of them. As compared
with the consuls in France, in number and in
amount, the disproportion is something very
striking. My impression is that in regard to
trade and business France has a great advan-
tage over China, so far as the United States
are concerned.
Mr. CORBETT. I believe that the amount
of tonnage at the port oi Shanghai that comes
under the charge of this consulate is about the
same or a little larger than that of France.
We examined.the matter, and found that the
business was very large indeed there, larger
than some of tho ports of Europe where the
consuls get tho same amount of salary.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think that must be a
mistake.
Mr. CORBETT. It has increased very much
within the past few years.
Mr. CASSERLY. My friend, the Senator
from Oregon, must be mistaken when he says
that the tonnage at Shanghai is greater than
the French tonnage, or the business of the
United States with France.
Mr. CORBETT. That is my impression.
Mr. SPENCER. My recollection is that
the American tonnage is greater at Shanghai.
Mr. CASSERLY. The American tonnage
has very little to do with the question. The
question is, what is the amount of business in
passengers and merchandise between a partic-
ular port and the United States? That is the
test; and I suppose, of course subject to the
correction of gentlemen who are better in-
formed, that the total amount of business in
passengers and merchandise between Franco
and the United Stales is very much larger than
that between China and the United States. If
my friend, the chairman of the Committee on
Commerce, differs from me, I shall of course
be glad to be corrected.
Mr. COLE. As my colleague has taken his
seat, I will take tho liberty of giving the fig-
ures with reference to the commerce to which
allusion has been made. The Senator from
Oregon is mistaken in not estimating the busi-
ness of Shanghai nearly so large as it really is.
The American business at the port of Shang-
hai excels that at any other port of the world.
The movements of American vessels at the
leading ports for the year ending September
80, 1808, were, Shanghai, arrivals 367, depart-
ures 881, tonnage 439,764; Liverpool, arrivals
313, departures 349, .tonnage 385,415. Now
take the principal port of France, Havre.
There the arrivals were 121—less than one
third of the arrivals at Shanghai; departures,
127—less than one third of the departures of
American vessels from the port of Shanghai;
tonnage, 91,583. From this it. will be seen
that the consul general at Shanghai has very
much to do, and that it is one of the most im-
portant, consulates we have. I observe that the
salary of the consul at Liverpool by this bill
is fixed at $6,000. It is proposed to put the
salary of tho consul general at Shanghai at
the same figure, while the business at that port,
if we take into consideration the arrivals and
departures and the tonnage as evider.ee of the
business, excels that at Liverpool.
Mr. CASSERLY. I was not fortunate
enough to obtain the attention of my colleague
to the distinction which I took in this point;
because had I succeeded in that he would have i
seen that his remarks are totally inapplicable
to my position. The position that 1 take is
this—and if any Senator sees that he can eon-
test it, of course 1 shall have no objection—
that the test of American business at a partic-
ular port is not the amount of American ton-
nage entering or clearing from that port in the
course of a year ; but what is the total amount
of exports and imports in all bottoms between
that port and the United States. Our lament-
ation is, and our humiliation is, that the great
bulk of our business both iu passengers and
merchandise is done in foreign bottoms. Hence
it is no answer to my inquiry as to the business
of Shanghai, no answer t.o my suggestion that
the salary allowed this officer at Shanghai is
excessive, to tell me that there are more Amer-
ican vessels with a greater tonnage entering or
clearing from that port than there are fro m_ the
port of Havre, or of Liverpool. The question,
I repeat, is, what is the amount of business
between that port and the United States under
all flags and in bottoms of whatever nation-
ality ? Whenever gentlemen can show that
Shanghai is so far in advance of other princi-
pal ports in the world in that respect and in
that point of view as to warrant this large sal-
ary paid to this consul, I am ready then to be
convinced. _ _
But here is a consul who gets within $-500 in
gold of the same salary which you have been
paying to the Chief Justice of your Supreme
Court for a great many years past, and that
salary paid since the war began in paper; the
same salary which you pay to your associate
justices ; a higher compensation than any Sen-
ator here gets ; and when attention is called to
the fact Senators present us with a statement
of the American tonnage entering and clearing
from that harbor in the course of a year as a
justification for this amount.
I refer to the consular compensations in that
country, because of its proximity and relations
to my own coast; but the entire scale which
may be seen at the foot of page 8 of the bill
is unusually high. The salary at Canton is
$3,500; at Foochow, $3,500; at Amoy, $3,500 ;
at Hankow, $3,500; at Tien-Tsin, $3,500; at
Ningpo, $3,000. Besides that, if I am not
mistaken, Hong Kong comes in under the bead
of Great Britain, also with $3,500. Adding
Shanghai, that gives you eight consulates in
China with this high range of salaries.
Now, compare your consulates in France
with those iu China. In France you have,
besides a consul general at Paris, with a salary
of $6,000, five consulates and two in the colo-
nies. You have one at Havre, with asalary of
$2,500; Marseilles, $2,000; Bordeaux, $2,000,
making $6,000 distributed among those three
consulates. Then you have one at Lyons,
$2,000. Nantes has just been stricken out.
Then you have one at Nice, $1,500; one at
Algiers, $1,500; one at Martinique, $1,500.
You have in all now remaining in France
seven consulates, including two in the colo-
nics ; and 1 think at a rough guess that the
expense of the consuls in China, for their sal-
aries alone, is very nearly double the expense
of consuls for all Franco and her colonies. It
seems to me that there is nothing in the con-
dition of our business with those two countries
to justify so great a disproportion in the com-
pensations. Of course I may bo told that we
have a minister at Paris. So have we a minister
at Pekin. I see that, my collengne desires to
say a word on tho subject, and 1 shall be glad
to hear him.
Mr. COLE. My colleague is again very
much mistaken in regard to the business at
Shanghai as compared with that of other ports,
and I am able to correct, him, having the
figures in my hand. The value of cargoes car-
ried inward and outward by American vessels
during the year 1858, at leading ports, was,
Shanghai, in, $54,721,393 ; out, that is, going
out in American vessels, $31,638,877. At
Havre, for a halfyear, coming in, $17,330,640.
There is no report of the amount of the value
of the cargoes going out of Havre during the
half year alluded to.
Mr. CASSERLY. Do I understand my col-
league to say that there was an export busi-
ness between Shanghai and the United State3
of $54,000,000 in one year ?
Mr. COLE. I mean to say that that was
the value of the cargoes going out of Shanghai
in American vessels in the year named.
Mr. CASSERLY. Where did they go? That
is what I want to get at.
Mr. COLE. This shows the amount of busi-
ness that a consul has to perform atthat place.
Mr. CASSERLY. Those American vessels
must have been bound mainly for other ports
than American ports.
Mr. COLE. That is very likely.
Mr. CASSERLY. The question then comes
to this, what interest has the United States in
any business except American business? It is
the extent of the American business that is to
regulate the importance to us of a consulate
here or there, or the compensation which the
American Government is to pay. It seems,
therefore, that my position taken upon a gen-
eral idea of the subject, has not been shaken
at all by the discussion that has taken place or
the figures that have been quoted.
Before moving an amendment, I MOnluliKO
to inquire of the chairman of the Committee
on Commerce whether these consulates m
China have been raised in point ofcompensa-
tion in this bill. . , ,
Mr. CHANDLER. Some of them have and
some have been reduced.
