1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
5365
names in the bill reported by the committee
that are in his bill.
Mr. HOWE. I understand there are some
fifty names in the bill moved by the Senator
from Kentucky which have, at different times,
been reported favorably upon by the Commit-
tee or. Political Disabilities. Am I right about
that?
Mi. ROBERTSON". I am unable to give
that information. The committee made a
report in my absence.
Mr. HOWE. That has been stated on the
floor, and I have not heard it contradicted.
Now, in spite of the time that has been spent
in this debate, let me say to my friend, the
Senator from South Carolina, that he cannot
fail to see that the Senate is appealed to on
behalf of a political opponent, who is about
soon to part with us, to do an act of courtesy
to liiin as the representative of a State. An act
of wrong he does not ask to have done, and wo
do not wish to do it; but an act of courtesy we
would like to do. Now, all he desires to have
us do, or insists upon havingusdo, isnow upon
his motion to agree to remove the disabilities
from so many men ashavebeen reported favor-
ably upon from the Committee on Political
Disabilities. Why should we not do that?
Mr. ROBERTSON. I(1or the very reason
that after the report was made protests tame
to me, which were satisfactory, which caused
pa; i, of those names to be stricken out.
Mr. HOWE. Part of the names that had
been reported upon favorably by the com-
mittee?
Mr. ROBERTSON. At first. Protests came
in afterward and that is the reason why they
do not appear in this bill. Protests came here
from Kentucky, and the committee in enlarg-
ing the bill struck oat the names in those cases
where they were satisfied that the protests were
right.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that this bill has been twice reported; once
in the absence of the chairman of the committee
by the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Auks,]
then recommitted to the committee, and again
reported by the Senator from South Carolina
as it now stands, which explains the two bills
to which he alludes.
Mr. ROBERTSON. The names in that first
bill that do not appear in this bill were stricken
out because protests came to the committee
which satisfied the committee that they should
be stricken out.
Mr. HOWE. I have only to say that while
I do not want to vote to override the action of
the Committee on Disabilities I do wish to vote
upon the motion of the Senatorfrom Kentucky,
lo remove disabilities from so many of the
names contained in his bill as have been ap-
proved and are approved by the Committee
on Disabilities. The difficulty that I find in
vo.ting for the motion of the Senator from
South Carolina is, that if we vote to sustain his
motion we vote against removing disabilities
from some of the naues now moved by the
Senator from Kentucky, and which the Com-
mittee on Disabilities have said ought to be
removed.
Mr. ROBERTSON. But on a reconsider-
ation of the matter, and after these protests
came, lie committee were satisfied that the
names which do not appear in the second bill
should be stricken out. Now, Mr. President,
as appeals have been made, I will withdraw
all opposition to this bill with an amendment
including every name in Kentucky, with this
proviso:
Provided, nevertheless. That the following classes
of persons are excepted from the provisions of this
act, that is to say: First. All persons who being mem-
bers of the Congress of the United States withdrew
from their seats and aided the rebellion, becond.
All persons who being officers of the Army or Navy
of the United States, loft said Army or Navy and
aided the rebellion.
I am willing to except these two classes, and
relieve every other man in Kentucky.
Mr. WARNER. I will make a suggestion
to the Senate. The Senator from Kentucky
makes a personal appeal to the Senate to re-
lieve certain persons. His c&jection to the
bill, offered as an amendment, is that it may
embarrass the passage of his own bill, as there
are some five thousand names in the commit-
tee's bill. The fear of the chairman of the
committee and others of us interested in the
general bill is that it may not pass. 1 think
the whole matter may be solved by an under-
standing that after we shall have acted on the
bill of the Senator from Kentucky, yielding to
his personal request, allowing it to go alone
upon its own merits, we shall then take up the
bill of the committee immediately and act upon
that. That will solve the difficulty and satisfy
all parties. ["Agreed!"]
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the proposition of the Senator from
Alabama to act on the bill of the Senator from
Kentucky, and then take up the general bill
and decide it by itself?
Several Senators. That is right.
Mr. SUMNER. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs upon the motion of the Senator from
South Carolina; upon which the yeas and nays
have been ordered.
Mr. WARNER. The feeling of the Senate
is very plain, although the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts objects, and I hope the call for the
yeas and nays will be withdrawn, and then let
the bill of the Senator from Kentucky be acted
upon, and we can at once on motion take up
the bill of the committee. I think the Senate
will sustain that also.
Mr. YATES. I could not hear distinctly
what the Senator from South Carolina said,
an-d I ask his attention. Did he say that there
were protests against any of the names that
were mentioned in this bill of the Senator
from Kentucky?
Mr. ROBERTSON. Yes; there were pro-
tests that satisfied the committee, and hence
they do not appear in this second bill.
Mr. YATES. To what extent were those
protests? Against how many?
Mr. ROBERTSON. I do not recollect the
number, but between twelve and twenty, I
suppose.
Mr. YATES. Between twelve and twenty
names, or between twelve and twenty protests ?
Mr. ROBERTSON. Protests against the
names of between twelve and twenty persons.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope the Senate will come
to a vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The yeas and
nays have been ordered.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I withdraw my call for
the yeas and nays, and give notice that imme-
diately after the Senate have disposed of this
bill of the Senator from Kentucky I shall ask
that my bill be taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there bo no
objection, the Senator withdraws his amend-
ment.
Mr. DRAKE. I offer the following amend-
ment :
Provided, That nothing herein, contained shall
operate to relieve from said disabilities any of the
aforesaid parties who shall have held office under
the United States or under any State, in violation
of the terms of tho fourteenth article of amendment
to the Constitution of the United States.
Mr. DAVIS. That is to provide that the
disabilities shall not be removed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Mis-
souri.
Mr. DRAKE called for the yeas and nays ;
and they were ordered.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the amendment will
bo adopted.
Mr. ROBERTSON. That was tho reason
tho committee rejected a part of these names.
The committee had satisfactory evidence that
some of the men whose names they rejected
that appeared in the first bill are now in office
in the State of Kentucky, holding office m
defiance of the third section of the fourteenth
article of amendment to the Constitution, and
who disdained to ask to have their disabilities
removed till proceedings by quo warranto were
about being taken to dispossess them of office,
and hence this bill is presented to relieve them.
If the Senate see fit to relieve these gentlemen
I shall take no exception.
Mr. THURMAN. This amendment goes
upon the idea that a person who has held office
contrary to the provisions of the fourteenth
amendment ought to be continued under dis-
abilities ; that he has committed some great
crime which deprives him of all claim to any
amnesty whatever. Now, I submit to my friend
from Missouri that that does not necessarily
follow. T; does not necessarily follow, because
a man hc,s held office in violation of the four-
teenth amendment, that he has committed a
crime. It certainly does not follow that he has
committed a crime to which any moral turpi-
tude could attach. And why not? Because
most serious questions exist as to what is the
true interpretation of this fourteenth amend-
ment, as to the persons who are excluded by
it. It reads, in the third section:
"No person shall be Senator or Representative in
Congress, or elector of President and Vice President,
or hold any office, civil ormilitary, under the United
States, who, having previously taken an oath as a
member of Congress, or as an officer of the United
States, or as a member of toy State Legislature, or
as an executive or judicial officer of any State, to
support tho Constitution of the United States, shall
have engaged in insurrection or rebellion against the
same, or given aid or comfort to tho enemies thereof:
but Congress may, by a vote of two thirds of each
House, remove such disability."
Now, mark it—and I beg the attention of
Senators to the few words I am going to say—
here is a disqualification of those who" as mem-
bers of any State Legislature or as executive
and judicial officers of any State, did certain
things. What is the object of these words,
"an executive or judicial officer of any State?"
Does not every Senator know that there are
two interpretations of these words, and that
the decision of this question is by no means
clear; that upon one of these interpretations
this disqualification is confined to persons who
were State officers and does not reach persons
who were simply qounty officers and city or
town officers; that the -term "executive or
judicial officer of any State" relates, as I have
said before, to State officers, officers for the
whole State, a distinction well known? And
does not every Senator know that in support
of that interpretation the maxim is invoked
that all disqualifying provisions, whether in
constitutions or statutes, are to be strictly con-
strued ; that where two interpretations may be,
given to them, that which is the least disqual-
ifying is the one that is properly to be given?
Many men have held office who upon one in-
terpretation of this fourteenth amendment are
disqualified, and upon the interpretation which
I have just mentioned are not disqualified at all.
Is the Senate ready to decide that-question?
Is the Senate ready to decide that this disqual-
ifying clause reaches every man, down to a
supervisor of roads and highways, a fence-
viewer, a constable, a school director, or the
like—that it reaches everybody? ■ Or do you
take the natural meaning of the words, strength-
ened by the factbf disqualification in regard to
persons who held office under the United States,
and then persons who held an executive or judi- *
cial office under a Stale? Are the Senate ready
to decide that every man who has put upon this
provision of the Constitution that most natural
construction, that which is mostconsistentwith
the test, and that which can command for it
the maxim to which I have alluded, and which
is as old as humanity itself nearly, that where
there are  wo interpretations, that which is the
least restrictive, the least punitive, the least
disqualifying, shall be given to the subject? Is
the Senate ready to brand men who have been
county officers, justices of the peace, consta-
bles, or the like, and have not supposed them-
selves to be disqualified by the fourteenth
amendment—is tho Senate ready to brand those
