1590
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
great omissions in financial legislation after
the war was over. The most unfortunate one
was the act of April 12, 1866. By this act
Congress authorized the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to fund all the floating indebtedness of the
United States, the compound-interest notes,
the five per cent, notes, the temporary loan
certificates, and all the then floating debt, into
six per cent, gold bonds, or into any form of
bond authorized by previous acts, which cov-
ered, as a matter of course, the six per cent,
five-twenty bonds.
Thus by a general sweeping provision con-
tained in this act we legalized and authorized
the conversion of the whole currency debt
except United States notes into five-twenty
bonds, thus swelling largely the volume of five-
twenties. Whatever opinion may have been
entertained as to the state of our finances in
the year 1865, there can be no doubt that on
the 12th of April, I860, it was not wise or
Eolitic to fund the debt into a six per cent,
ond. The effect of this legislation was at
once to sever the bond from the note. All
other forms of indebtedness were allowed to
be funded into bonds, but the notes were not
fundable. This at once checked the apprecia-
tion of our notes. Gold had greatly lowered
in price, till in April, 1666, when this act was
passed, it was only worth twenty-five and one
half per cent. premium; but from the passage
of this act it immediately rose, and in July
averaged fifty per cent, premium. For years
afterward gold never reached the minimum
of twenty-live per cent., but advanced, fluctu-
ating backward and forward. Paper money
was then entirely detached from the balance
of the debt of the United States, and became ,
of less market value than any other form of j
our securities. During the past year, under a
different policy, the currency has reached
much nearer the par of gold than before. For
three years after the passage of the act of
April 12,1866, gold, or rather our paper money,
was subject to daily fluctuations and derange-
ments, the inevitable effect of the passage of
this act. This, and the failure of Congress to
provide any mode lor redeeming or retiring
the greenbacks, and afterward the repealing
even the limited authority granted to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to retire greenbacks,
undoubtedly kept our notes depreciated from
day to day, fluctuating in value.
Mr. President, another great error which I
think we must all admit Congress has been
guilty of is the long delay in passing a funding
bill to provide for the funding of the public
debt. There has been no time dnring the past
three years when large masses of the existing
debt could not have been floated into a five per
cent, bond, and the actual saving by this oper-
ation for several years would have been very
lar e indeed. There has been no period of
time when a large portion of the existing debt
conld not have been funded at a lower rate of
interest. But, sir, it was one of the misfor-
tunes of the administration of Mr. Johnson that
when he abandoned the Republican party and
joined our adversaries he created such a state
of feeling between the executive and legislative
branches of the Government that it was impos-
sible to secure the public attention or the atten-
tion of Congress to important financial matters.
The first funding bill was introduced in the
Senate in April, 1866. It proposed to fund
the debt in a five per cent, ten-forty bond. It
was debated here at considerable length, and
was practically defeated by amendments.
The second funding bill was introduced in
December, 1867. It provided for a domestic
lean at five per cent., and a foreign loan at ,,
four and a half per cent. It provided for fund- J
jng United States notes and for a sinkingfund. j
ftiis was debated and somewhat mutilated in [
the Senate, but passed the Senate in an j
amended shape, passed the House of liep- ;
resentatives, and was finally defeated by the i'i
pocket veto of President Johnson. j I
The history of the funding bill of the last
session which proposed a ten-forty loan is
sufficiently known, and I need not refer to it.
It is sufficient to say that at the close of an
old Administration, before the new Adminis-
tration came into power, there was so great a
diversity of opinion among the friends of the
bill that it was impossible to agree on any-
thing.
The time now is more favorable. The exec-
utive and legislative branches of the Govern-
ment are in harmony. There are no politieal
objections to trusting the Secretary of the Treas-
ury with snfficient power. No doubt exists now
as to the payment of oar bonds in gold. What-
ever doubt there was has been removed by the
"act to strengthen the public credit," passed
on the 18th of March, 1869. The difference
between United States notes and coin is now
very much reduced. Gold is lower now than
it has been at any time since the close of the
war. The difference between our bonds and
coin is now a very small margin. To-day, while
I speak, the bonds of 1881 are above par in
gold, the five-twenty bonds are very near par
in gold, and the ten-forty bonds are not to
exceed four per cent, below par in gold. The
difference now between the paper money of the
country and gold is reduced to a margin of from
fifteen to twenty per cent., fluctuating slightly
from day to day; and the actual difference
between the market value of the bonds, the
matters to be dealt with, and gold, is now a
small fraction, so that there can scarcely be a
doubt that under a favorable state of the money
market the existing bonds may be paid off with
the proceeds of bonds bearing a lower rate of
interest.
Again, sir, more of the debt is now redeem-
able. During the current year over eleven
hundred million dollars of the public debt,
more than half of that which bears coin inter-
est, is redeemable at the pleasure of the United
States. It is within the power of the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay them off at par in gold
if he can sell at par another bond bearing a
lower rate of interest.
Under these favorable circumstances the
Committee on Finance had before them sev-
eral plans. They had the several bills reported
from that committee previously. They had
the plan submitted by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] a carefully considered
plan, looking to the rapid resumption of specie
payments. They had also a plan submitted
by the Secretary of the Treasury, and were
aided by consultation with him and by such
information from time to time as he could give
us, and the result of the whole, after the most
careful analysis of these various propositions,
and after patient consideration of all the objec-
tions made to either, is the bill that has been
read at the table of the Secretary.
Mr. President, I am here bound to say at the
outset that it does not meet my views in all
particulars. I could, aa every Senator who
hears me could, propose various amendments
and support them, I think, with plausible rea-
sons ; but in a measure of this kind, where there
is a great diversity of opinion, all of us must
yield somewhat. This bill substantially meets
my views. It is reported by the unanimous
vote of ,the_ Committee on Finance, with only
one exception, and meets the approval of the
Secretary of the Treasury. It is only neces-
sary for me now briefly to look at its leading
provisions.
The first point is, in regard to the duration
of the bonds, how long shall they run ? We
have provided for three classes of bonds, all
payable within forty years and redeemable
within ten, fifteen, and twenty years respect-
ively. We had to look at the established policy
of the Government never to issne a very long
bond. Our Government has reversed the finan-
cial policy of European Governments, and
especially of the Government of Great Britain.
In England their securitios are in the form of
annuities, where the amount of interest is speci-
fied, and no time is fixed for the payment of
the principal. Ever since the foundation of
our Government under the lead of Alexander
Hamilton, we have followed a different policy,
looking always to the payment of the principal
of the bond within the generation that created
the debt. This is the established policy of our
country, and I trust will never be departed from.
It may be that a bond running an indefinite
period of time, a perpetual annuity, might
bear a higher price in the money markets of
! the world than a bond payable at a fixed time ;
and yet it seems to me it is more important to
i reserve the right to pay the principal without
paying a premium than it is to avail ourselves
of a lower rate of interest on a bond interm-
inable in time. We have several times paid
off our national debt. We paid off the debt
of the Revolution ; we paid off the debt of the
war of 1812. We have always paid our debts
before we agreed to pay them, and whenever
we entered the money markets of the world
to buy our bonds we were always compelled
to pay a large premium. I have before me a
table showing the amount of premium we have
paid for debts that have been redeemed from
time to time. Take the loan of 1842. We
desired to redeem it before it became due, and
we paid fourteen and fifty-four hundredths per
cent, premium. On the bonds of 1847 we
paid eighteen and eighty-five hundredths per
cent, premium, and they only rgn a few years ;
1 but money was lying idle in the Treasury, and
j it was deemed best by those having charge of
our finances to pay them off, even at this high
rate. The loan of 1848 was paid off at twenty
per cent, premium. The loan of 1850, called
the Texas indemnity, was paid off at a premium
of nineteen and ninety-five hundredths per
cent. So with other loans paid off at differ-
ent times at a premium of from fourteen to
twenty per cent. Many of the bonds I speak
of which were redeemed at this high premium
were sold originally below par.
I have shown, therefore, that it is important
to us to reserve the right to redeem these bouds
within a limited period of time, so that we may
not in the future be compelled to pay these high
rates of premium.
The next question, on which there was a great
deal of practical difficulty and upon which there
was great diversity of opinion, is the rate of
interest. As a matter of course, we desire to
| have these bonds bear as low a rate of interest
1 as is possible, but not to put them so low as
to prevent their negotiation; and here an
erroneous opinion prevails from a mistake of
■ the facts as to the rate of interest paid by other
i Governments. We are constantly told that
Great Britain pays but three per cent, interest,
and that her three per cents, are worth eighty-
five cents on the dollar. So they are ; but what
j did Great Britain get for these three per cents. ?
The average rate of depreciation when the
three per cents, were sold was some thirty or
forty per cent.; and if the interest was now
computed upon the amount received by Great
Britain for these bonds the rate of interest
would be found to be between five and six per
cent. So with other nations.
The rate of interest now paid by European
Powers is, on the average, about five per cent.
I have tables here, and I might go into elabo-
rate explanations of the various loans now in the
money markets of the world; but it is sufficient
to say that some of the strongest Governments
in the world are now selling their five per cent,
bonds at a discount. We by this bill limit the
Secretary of the Treasury to selling these bonds
at par; he must get dollar for dollar in gold.
All other Governments in the world, in nego-
tiating bonds, sell their bonds at a fixed limit
of discount. Many of the English three per
cents were sold as low as 65, and premiums
were given besides in the nature of gratuities,
lottery tickets, exchequer bills, and various
forms of premium; but we here sell our bonds
