2534
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
endar, in order that it may be considered wlieu
the bill to which I have referred is called up.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. PATTERSON1, from the joint sclect
Committee on Retrenchment, to whom was
referred the bill (H. R. No. 1486) amendatory
of an act establishing the Office of Education,
discontinuing the Freedmen's Bureau, and for
other purposes, reported it with amendments.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
033) for the relief of Ambrose Morrison, re-
ported it with an amendment, and submitted a
report; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. EDMUNDS, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom were referred the petitions
of Mary K. Smith, Rosina Leuzinger, Mary
Hodgson, Eliza Whiting, and Michael McGin-
niss, respectively, reported the following bills ;
which were read, and passed to a second read-
ing:
A bill (S. No. 77G) for the relief of Mary Iv.
Smith ;
A bill (S. No. 777) granting arrears of pen-
sion to Rosina Leuzinger;
A bill (S. No. 778) granting a pension to
Mary Hodgson;
A bill (S. No. 779) granting a pension to
Eliza Whiting; and
A bill (8. No. 780) granting arrears of pen-
sion to Michael McGinniss.
Mr. EDMUNDS, from the same committee,
to whom was referred a petition of soldiers
receiving pensions, praying that the pension
agencies be abolished and tliata law be enacted
making each national bank a depository for
pension money, and that pensions be paid at
the bank nearest the pensioners, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
fie also, (rorn the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Thomas Jones and
others, praying that a pension be granted to
William P. Sturgeon, late a private company
1, eleventh Maryland infantry volunteers, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration ;
which was agreed to.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
were rel'eried resolutions adopted at a meeting
of the survivors of the war of 1812, held in
Paris, Kentucky, February 22, 1870, in favor
of granting pensions to the surviving soldiers
in the war of 1812, asked to be discharged from
their further consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the petitions of Mary A. Kings-
bmy, William Pray, and Sarah B. Wilson,
pruying to be allowed arrears of pension,
asked to be discharged ftom their further con-
sideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Samuel Pierce,
praying to be allowed a pension, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am also directed by the
same committee, to whom were referred the
petitions of Sarah A. Crosby and Ordelia Har-
row, praying to be allowed pensions, to report
them back, with the opinion of the committee
that they are not entitled to the relief prayed
lor. 1 move that the committee be discharged
from the further consideration of these petitions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. Before the reports of the
Pension Committee pass away, 1 wish to ask
my honorable friend when will thero be a report
oil the bill for a pension to Mrs. Lincoln?
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 might reply, Mr. Presi-
d-.ut, that inasmuch as the Committee on Pen-
sions is a very modeotand humble committee,
and does not wish to take up time that ought
to be occupied by the Committee on Foreign
Relation', we think we shall have a light to
v.-.tit, until some of the earlier matters referred
to that committee are reported ; but inasmuch
as that perhaps would not be quite polite, I
will say that the Committee on Pensions are
preparing a report on the case of Mrs. Lin-
coln, it being already decided. I have no right
to say what the decision of the committee is
until it is reported. We shall report, I think,
within a week or two.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 would remind my friend
that one of the earliest bills of this Congress,
if not the earliest, was one introduced by my-
self for a pension to Mrs. Lincoln ; I think
anterior to any reference to the Committee on
Foreign Relations of any subject whatever.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am very glad to hear it.
Mr. WILLEY. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Claims, to whom was referred the
petition of Hiram AT. Love, of Johnson county,
Iowa, praying compensation for cotton crops
destroyed by the United States Army, to report
it hack with a written report stating the claim-
ant is not entitled to the redress he asks; and
the committee have instructed me to move that
the petitioner have leave to withdraw his peti-
tion and papers, to be used as evidence in
another branch of the case.
The report was ordered to be pt-inted, and
the motion that the petitioner have leave to
withdraw his petition was agreed to.
STEAMSHIP SERVICE TO AUSTRALIA.
Mr. COLE. The Committee gn Post Offices
and Post Roads, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 736) to authorize ocean mail steamship
service between the United States and Aus-
tralia, have directed me to report the same
back and ask that they be discharged from its
further consideration, and that the same he
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
It is due the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads that 1 should say that this recom-
mendation springs from no hostility to the
measure. On the contrary, that committee are
almost unanimously in favor of it. But the
great object to be attained by the bill is com-
mercial advantage, the postal service that will
bo performed by it being merely incidental and
comparatively unimportant. This considera-
tion has induced them to turn the subject over,
so far as they are able, to the committee having
charge of commercial affairs, as the one most
proper to consider and perfect the measure.
The Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads are of the opinion that very great ad-
vantages will result to our country from the
establishment of the proposed line, and that
any pecuniary assistance necessary to its suc-
cess will be more than returned by an increase
of the revenues, and at the same time the
wealth, business, and prosperity of the country
will be greatly enlarged thereby. With the
aid of steam communication between our own
country and Australia, as proposed, Great
Britain can reach her colonies in that distant
part of the world something like a fortnight
sooner than by any other practicable route, and
we in America will enjoy the advantages of a
transit for such communication over our own
wide continent. Besides, it will be of great
benefit to the whole commoicial world, by
increasing speed of communication, which is
always advantageous.
This line, moreover, will tend greatly to
stimulate American commerce. It will give
advantages to our shipping interests in the Pa-
cific ocean which cannot in any other manner
be attained; and there is much ground for
the belief that if we neglect to establish this
line of steamships the English will, without
much delay, put on such a line.
The assistance rendered by this Government
to enterprises of this sort is small compared
with that afforded by Great Britain. Her more
liberal policy has resulted in building up and
maintaining her ascendency oil every ocean,
and her wise example iu this regard cannot be
too soon followed by us.
Only this morning I received a memorial
from (he Chamber of Commerce of San Fran-
cisco on the subject, in which they set forth—
"That tiicy regard with tlio deepest interest tho
proposition for the establishment of steam service
between Australia and the South Pacific islands and
the port of San Francisco. That such a service,
wiil greatly quicken intercourse between the points
named and bring us into close relations with a popu-
lation of two and a half millions"—
Really it is three and a half millions accord-
ing to the last estimation—
" already rich in resources and representing an an-
nual foreign commerce of over three hundred and
seventy-five million dollars."
I think that is a mistake upon the part of the
Chamber of Commerce of San Francisco,
though the amount of commerce with those
colonies is very great:
" That this vast commerce cannot fail to add largely
to American commerceand open new and important
markets to American manufactures. That it is the
opinion of this chamber that nothing less than afirst-
class steam line will meet the requirements of this
sorvico if satisfactory results are sought to be ob-
tained, as only such a line can successfully compete
with service already existing between the points
named and European ports. Thatsubject to the con-
ditions abovenamed this chamber earnestly recom-
mends that a liberal subsidy be granted by Congress
toward the establishment and maintenance of such a
scrvieo as is herein alluded to, believing that tho
resulting advantages to the national Treasury and
the nation's commerce will vastly more than repay
auy such outlay."
I will state that in that judgment I fully
concur, and have come to the conclusion from
examination into the facts. I will ask to. have
printed for the use of the Senate, with this
memorial from the Chamber of Commerce of
San Francisco, a very able and interesting
letter addressed to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads by William H. Webb,
whose name is well known to the American
commercial world, and indeed to the entire
commercial world; and I will hand the papers
in the case, and the letter also, to the Committee
on Commerce.
The papers were ordered to be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on discharging the Committee oti Post Offices
and Post Roads, and referring the bill to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CORBETT. I do not know that I have-
any objection to this reference ; but it seems
to me it ought to be settled what committee is
the appropriate one to take charge of subjects
in relation to the postal service between for-
eign countries and our own. The Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads a few davs ago
reported favorably upon a bill to increase the
subsidy to the line between California and
China, which I fully agree with. I believe it
will be of great benefit to our Government,
and promote the establishment of a commer-
cial marine. But a portion of these bills are
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads and a portion to the Committee
on Commerce. If one of these bills is con-
sidered by the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads and they report upon it, I think
they should report upon all that are referred
to them. It would be well if it could be de-
termined and decided to which committee these
bills belong. If they were all referred to one
committee it seems to me it would be very
much better. The chairman of the Commit-
tee on Commerce can speak for himself, if he
is opposed to the reference of this after being
iully considered by the Committee on Post
Offices and Post JRoads, a3 it appears to have
been. In my opinion they are just as compe-
tent toact on this subject as we will be in the
Committee on Commerce after it has been re-
ferred to us. For that reason I should prefer
that tho Senate should act on the report of
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads
in this case as they have in others.
Mr. RAMSEY. I think the proposition is
a very simple one ; and if the honorable Sen-
ator from Oregon had listened to the remarks
made by the Senator from California in sub-
mitting this report he would have understood
what governed the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads in the proposed re-reference
of this subject. In many of these cases the
postages are the merest incident in the world.
They are bs>i <\ho fiction that gives us jurisdic-
