1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4423
spent some days at Dresden, and I am per-
fectly satisfied that the American consul at
Dresden has a harder time than almost any
other consul abroad.
Mr. SCHURZ. He has a great many ladies
to take care of, I know. [Laughter.]
Mr. CHANDLER. And sometimes they are
very troublesome. [Laughter.]
Mr. SCHURZ. But the commercial busi-
ness is really of very little importance.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will agree to $2,500
as the salary of the consul at Hamburg, if that
will satisfy the Senator; but I would rather not
reduce the salary of the consul at Dresden.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri m regard to the consulate at Hamburg
will be regarded as agreed to.
Mr. SCHURZ. I wish to observe as to Ham-
burg that the consul at Hamburg has really to
do the same business which is performed by
two consuls, one at Bremen and one at another
port. Now I move that the salary of the con-
sul at Dresden be reduced to $2,000.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Missouri moves to reduce the salary of the con-
sul at Dresden from $2,500 to $2,000.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SCHURZ. I wish to offer another
amendment, and I desire the attention of the
Senator from Michigan to it. On the same
page of the bill there are three consulates,
Ludwigshafen, Carlsrulie, and Darmstadt,
which are almost within stone's throw of one
another. Formerly, I understand, there was
only one consulate in the place of these three,
and I think that at the present moment two of
them could very well be dispensed with. Lud-
wigshafen is opposite Manheim in Bavaria;
Carlsruhe is the capital of Baden; and Darm-
stadt is the capital of the little duehy of Hesse-
Darmstadt. But, as I said before, these three
places are in a cluster, close together. I would
move that the appropriations for consulates at
Ludwigshafen and Darmstadt be stricken out
and the salary of the consulate at Carlsruhe be
raised to $1,500. I first move that the con-
sulate at Ludwigshafen be stricken out.
Mr. CHANDLER. AH 1 know is that the
State Department recommended these figures.
I know nothing about the subject. It may
be precisely as the Senator understands it; but
I really have no information about it. I will
look, however, to see what the receipts are at
Carlsruhe and the other points.
Mr. SCHURZ. The Senator lias traveled
in that region, I suppose, and he must know
that those three cities are very close together.
Mr. CHANDLER. The receipts at Darm-
stadt are greater than they are at Carlsruhe,
where the Senator desires to retain the con-
sulate.
Mr. SCIIURZ. I will state to the Senator
that I had a conversation with the Assistant
•Secretary of State, Mr. Davis, about this sub-
ject, and he said, inasmuch as there had for-
merly been only one consulate in the place of
these three, he thought it would not be incon-
venient in any way to have two of them struck
out, and he did not care which.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have no information
except what I have received from the Secre-
tary of SUte. If the Senator has any more
recent information, he can present it to the
Senate. Of course I cannot say whether it is
or is not so.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Mis-
souri, to strike out the appropriation for the
consulate at Ludwigshafen.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHURZ. I now move to strike out
the appropriation for the consulate at Darm-
stadt on page 7, line one hundred and torty-
three.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The head line
" Hesse-Darmstadt" should also be included
in I ho motion.
Mr. SCIIURZ. Yes, s*r.
Mr. CHANDLER. InotieethatatLudwigs-
hafen there was received but a very small
amount in fees, while Darmstadt indicates a
considerable amount of business. I think the
Senator had better permit the bill to remain as
it is, with the one already stricken out. The
receipts at Hesse-Darmstadt last year were
$2,676 50. It is perfectly evident that we
must have a consul there.
Mr. SCHURZ. How much was received at
Carlsruhe?
Mr. CHANDLER. I will give the Senator
the figures. We are evidently making a mis-
take here. The receipts there were $898 50,
while the receipts at Hesse-Darmstadt were
$2,676 50. We shall evidently make a mis-
take if we go on hastily without information on
this matter. It is perfectly evident from the
receipts last year that Hesse-Darmstadt ought
not to be stricken out.
Mr. SUMNER. Is not Hesse Darmstadt
the center of a great wine district?
Mr. SCHURZ. The facts of the case are
these: formerly all the business that is now
transacted at Hesse-Darmstadt was transacted
at another point. 1 think Hesse-Darmstadt is
the center of a great wine district; but if we
preserve the consulate at Carlsruhe we accom-
modate a large tract of country, from which
there has been lately a great deal of immigration
coming to this country.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator will see
that the receipts at Carlsruhe were less than
one third of the receipts from Darmstadt. If
any one of these consulates is to be abolished
we should abolish the one at Carlsruhe because
the receipts there were only $898 50. If it is
deemed best to abolish one of them, I should
say abolish the consulate at Carlsruhe. I think,
on the whole, the Senator from Missouri had
better withdraw his last amendment, and let
the consulate that is stricken out remain stricken
out. I think he had better allow these other
consulates to remain as they are.
Mr. SCHURZ. My understanding is that
formerly there was a consular agency, under
the consul at Frankfort, at Ilesse-Darmstadt,
and that all of the Hesse-Darmstadt business
was done by the Frankfort consulate. I ask
the Senator from Michigan if that is not his
information also?
Mr. CHANDLER. Very likely; I presume
that is so.
Mr. SCHURZ. Still I will not insist on that
amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
is withdrawn.
Mr. STOCKTON. I should like to ask the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce why
there is a distinction made between consuls
general and consuls ? What does he under-
stand to be the reason for such a distinction in
the bill?
Mr. CHANDLER. A consul general has the
general supervision of the consulates in the
particular kingdom or country to which he is
sent. For example, the consul at Loudon is a
consul general; he has the supervision of all
the consulates in Great Britain. The consul
general at Canada has supervision of all the
consulates in Canada, and so on. That is the
reason.
Mr. STOCKTON. I understand that a
consul general has a larger jurisdiction than a
consul. A consul is a commercial agent to a
particular locality. A consul general has juris-
diction of the whole territory of the Govern-
ment to which he is accredited ; but in addition f
to that I understand that aconsul general may j
have diplomatic relations with the Govern- j
ment, which a consul cannot have. Therefore, j
if I am right, it is a new feature in our consular i
and diplomatic system to send consuls general i
to places where we have ministers, and it is j
entailing upon us an expense which the people ,
do not know of, which is utterly unnecessary,
and which has never existed, according to my
judgment, in any of the European Govern- |
meucs. Or if it he not entirely a new feature, ;
it is one which has gradually grown up, from
want of a proper understanding of the broad
distinction between the two positions, and
which should not be continued in the way it is
provided in this bill.
The object in accrediting a consul general
abroad is not, as suggested by a Senator who
sits near me, to have a court of appeal from
other consuls, for they also correspond directly
with our Government.; but it is that m the
absencc of the minister and the secretary of
legation he, may take diplomatic position until
the place of the minister is filled. He may,
while the consul cannot, hold diplomatic rela-
tions with the country to which he is accredited.
Now, let us look at this for a moment. We
send to England an envoy extraordinary and
minister plenipotentiary, with a salary, I think,
of $17,500. Then we send there two secre-
taries of legation, with large salaries. Then
you send to London a consul general, who has
really nothing to do there but to perform the
ordinary duties of consul, and yet you give him
a salary of $G,000 a year, to do what? Very
frequently to quarrel with the minister, as we
have seen over and over again in the different
countries whore we have sent ministers and
consuls general, because their jurisdictions
clash, or they misunderstand their respective
positions. I have seen and we have all seen
many a case where the duties of the-consul
general and the duties of the minister were so
ill-defined or so little understood that they
crossed one another. Now, I assert that to no
country where we have an envoy extraordinary
accredited or a minister resident is there any
occasion for us to send a consul general, and
in all such cases it would bo to our advantage
not to send one. They may do harm, thoy
can do no good, and are an expensive and
unnecessary luxury.
Mr. President, I must say, whether it be a
popular notion or not, that 1 am not and never
have been in favor of putting down the salaries
of our foreign ministers and consuls to the
lowest point upon which they can live. I have
had some experience in that line myself, and
I know how many expenses arc entailed,
honest, unostentatious, and unavoidable ex-
penses, upon our diplomatic agents abroad, as
well as our consuls, in the mere courtesies,
the decent courtesies of life, in entertaining
their fellow-citizens who come to them with
letters of introduction from members of Con-
gress and Senators, personal and political
friends, who expect at least to bo invited to
dinner, and received as compatriots should
meet iu a foreign land. Therefore, I am not
one of those who believe that the most, patriotic
thing we can do for our country is to cut down
all these salaries to the lowest possible point,
and leave our diplomatic agents to straggle
against financial embarrassment, when their
thoughts should be on the important duties
which would otherwise occupy their attention.
I believe we should send the best men we
have got in the country to represent us abroad,
for every country is judged of by the men who
represent them. Those whom we meet, from
any country are the standards on which we
form our judgment of the whole people. You
judge of the Russians by the Russians you
have met, and of the French by the French-
men you have met. We ought always to send
the best specimens of our public men that we
can induce to go to represent us abroad, and
we should pay them good salaries. In order
to do that, and at the same time not to increase
the burdens of the Government at a time when
we ought to do everything in our power to
decrease them; when it is our first duty to
decrease taxation, we must not send men to
places where they are not needed; we must
not send consuls general to places where we
have ministersand secretaries of legation, and
where there is a special local consul at a high
salary at every port in the countryto which the
consul general is accredited asagcneral agent.
It was said a few moments ago by the Sen-
