1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1591
at par in sold, and therefore cannot undertake
to fix the rate of interest so low as gentlemen
think. It is said we ought to borrow money
at four per cent. I wish we could, but we
know that practically it would be unavailing,
futile, to enter the markets of the world in com-
petition with all the enterprises of our time,
attempting to borrow money at any such rate
of interest.
Why, sir, although money has largely in-
creased of late ; although the gold of the world
is, perhaps, double and treble what it was only
a few years ago, the rate of interest haa been
constantly advancing. It is because modern
nations are engaged in vast enterprises, creating
more demands for capital. The railroads and
telegraphs and steamboats of this land of ours
dow absorb more capital than the business of
the whole country did in 1820 ; the railroads
alone absorbing over sixteen hundred million
dollars of capital. There are demands for
money in this day and generation that our
fathers and grandfathers never conceived of.
Time and space have been annihilated. All
these circumstances tend to advance the rate
of interest. When a merchant can send to
Calcutta or to China and within a few days
receive goods to sell again he can afford to
pay on his enterprises or his business a higher
rate of interest than when he had to wait months
for his orders to be executed. The railroads
of the country are now selling their seven per
cent, bonds payable in gold, among the best
securities in the country, at a discount.
We must not forget these facts when we un-
dertake to fix the rate of interest on our public
securities. The only fear I have as to the suc-
cess of this measure is on account of the rate
of interest fixed. I should be very glad, indeed,
to see our whole debt funded at five per cent.,
but the Secretary of the Treasury is of the
opinion that he can negotiate bonds bearing a
leas rate of interest for a portion of the public
debt. If he can I hope Be will. He will de-
serve the higher credit; but when Senators
speak of reducing the rate of interest to four
or four and a half per cent, on the whole
amount of this debt they had better at once
defeat the bill, for it will result in failure.
The Secretary is satisfied now, although lie
was more hopeful once, that he cannot nego-
tiate a loan at less rates than those fixed in
the bill. Any one who examines this question
in the light of experience, in the light of
modern facts, must be satisfied that a reduc-
tion of the rate of interest proposed in this
bill is practically to defeat it, and we had bet-
ter do this at once rather than undertake a
futile and a vain task.
The purpose for which these bonds are nego-
tiated is coextensive with the whole debt of the
United States. Although the amount is fixed
at $1,200,000,000, yet there is authority to
issue four per cent, bonds to an amount equal
to the whole amount of the public debt, with
no limitation whatever except that the public
debt shall not be increased. The proposition
of the Senator from Massachusetts confined
the operation of his bill to the first five-twenty
bonds. But those five-twenty bonds have no
claim upon us stronger than any other five-
twenty bonds. It is true that they were the
first issued, but they are no more burdensome
upon us. We pay upon them six per cent,
interest, and so we do upon the others. There
is therefore no necessity, no object in dis-
criminating in favor of these bonds except to
give the holders of them a monopoly of the
new five per cent, bonds. This we did not
think was wise, and hence we have proposed
to put them all on the same footing.
We allow the United States notes to be con-
verted into four per cent, bonds; aud here is
a question that no doubt will give rise to much
contrariety of opinion. Myown opinion would
be that in justice and equity the United States
notes ought to be converted into any of these
boads. Why? Because the notes are a debt
of the highest obligation. They are due, they
are payable, and no discrimination ought to
be made against them. I can give no reason
why the holder of notes should not have just
as much for his note as the holder of a bond
for his bond. But the result of such a pro-
vision would be rapidly to contract the cur-
rency, to withdraw the notes as a circulating
medium, to derange business, to disorder the
relations between debtor and creditor. There-
fore, to avoid any contraction of that kind we
have provided that the notes may be funded
into four per cent, bonds, and may be paid out
again by the Secretary of the Treasury in the
ordinary operations of the Government. To
avoid even a possible but not probable undue
and hasty contraction of the currency we
authorize him only to allow this conversion
when in his judgment the public interest may
be promoted by it. I have no doubt that it
would be wiser to make it arbitrary, and give
to the holder of the note the. right at anytime
to demand a bond; but we have in that re-
spect yielded to the Secretary's desire that he
may not be embarrassed by notes accumulating
in the Treasury, or by any question or fear o?
the contraction of the currency.
Pacific railroad bonds are excluded from the
operation of this bill simply because they are
not the bonds of the United States in one sense.
We guaranty them, but we have no right to
redeem them until the railroad company itself
is a defaulter in paying not ouly the interest,
but the principal of the bonds. They are left
to stand on the basis of existing laws. We
have no right to fund them, nor can they be
embraced in this funding scheme.
The bonds of 1881 ana the ten-forty bonds
may be converted into these bonds at the dis-
cretion of the Secretary of the Treasury. A 
a mutter of course, it will be for the interest
of the United States to do it. It is not likely
that they will be funded into these new securi-
ties, but they will probably be paid off by the
operations of the sinking fund when they
mature. The only limitation upon the amount
authorized in this bill is the present debt of the
United States. That cannot in any event be
exceeded.
Mr. President, there is another question of
great difficulty, the question of taxation. The
exemption of these bonds from State taxation
is not a legislative question. If there was
no provision in this bill about State taxation
they would not be taxable by the States,
because by the Constitution of the United
States itself, according to the decisions of the
Supreme Court in many cases, no State can
tax a Government security. This has been
settled from 1819 down to this time by the
concurrence of every judge who has sat upon
the Supreme bench, in a series of decisions
all speaking to the same effect, that under no
possible circumstances can a State levy any
tax upon a.security of the Government of the
United States. Why? Simply because the
power to borrow money is necessary to our
national existence, and if a State could tax the
power of the United States to borrow money
it might just as well tax the soldiers of our
Army, our guns, and our gunpowder. It iaa
principle of constitutional law that no State
can tax an agency of the Government necessary
for its existence.
I know that in modern times, and within the
last three or four years, demagogues have
endeavored to make capital out of the exemp-
tion of our bonds from State taxation. But
the fact is that they have always been so ex-
empt, from the foundation of the Government
to this hour. No State has ever been allowed,
to tax a Government security; and yet there
was never any provision in any loan law prior
to the war exempting them from State tax-
ation. They are so exempted from the nature
of things; and the first provision expressly
exempting them was put into the act of 1862,
merely as a notice, and not as the enunciation
of a new principle. There is, therefore, no
question upon the exemption of the bonds
from State taxation.
Whether they should be exempt fro m natio n al
taxes was a much more difficult question. In
equity there is no reason why the holder of
a bond enjoying in this country his interest
derived from it should not pay the income tax
of the United States; and the only question
was whether we could make more for the Uni-
ted States by discounting in advance this right
to tax the income than we could by reserving t he
power to tax. I think it can be demonstrated
as clearly as any proposition in arithmetic
can be that it is largely for the interest of the
United States to make these bonds free and
clear of all taxes both State and national.
Why ? ^ The bonds of the United States cannot
be subjected to national taxation except in one
form, and that is the tax on income. No dis-
criminating tax can be levied on United States
bonds that would not be equally applicable to
all other bonds in the United States, because
all taxes must be uniform throughout the Uni-
ted States, and it is impossible to tax a Gov-
ernment bond unless you tax also the bonds
of railroad companies, of States, of all sorts
of corporations, and all the various forms of
indebtedness. Besides, there may be some
question whether any tax upon property of this
kind, fixed and acquired, is not a direct tax
within the meaning of the Constitution; but I
will not debate that question.
It is certain that no tax can be levied on
these national securities except the income
tax, which is an indirect tax upon the income
derived from Government, securities. Now,
if you reserve the power to tax the incomes on
these $1,200,000,000 of bonds, what do we
gain by it? In the first place, all those that
are held abroad in foreign countries are free
from the operation of our tax. Not only that,
but by our general law we exempt the incomes
of all persons whose incomes are less than
$1,000 from taxation, whether that income be
derived from national securities or from any
other source. All the bonds that are held by
the national banks as the basis of their bank-
ing operations are now taxable and will be in
the future in another way; so that practically
we now do not receive from the income tax
upon the income from Government bonds ex-
ceeding eight hundred thousand dollars all
told. There are no definite returns made of
internal-revenue showing exactly the amount
of the income tax derived from the interest
upon Government securities; but it is prob-
able that the amount does not exceed what I
have just stated; so that we receive practi-
cally very little from our power to tax the
income of Government securities; and there-
fore the committee, after a patient examina-
tion of this matter, deemed that it was for the
interest of the United States, as a mere finan-
cial question, to discount in advance this right
to tax the Governmentsecurities by the nation,
in order that we might induce people to lend
us money on bonds at a lower rate of interest,
free from all taxes whatever., It is, however,
a question for the Senate to determine.
Now, sir, with regard to the manner of the
negotiation of these bonds, the bill leaves that
substantially to the discretion of the Secretary
of the Treasury. When you put upon him a
great task like this, involving, if he succeeds,
the saving of from eighteen to thirty-four mil-
lions per annum in goldyou cannot hamper him
with conditions. If you cannot trust him some
one else ought to take his place. You must
give him the necessary agencies and the neces-
sary powers to carry on the operations of a.
great task like this. Therefore in this bill we
have inserted the usual powers which before
the war and during the war were given to every
Secretary of the Treasury, and yet which there
is a continual disposition to carp at. I recall
with pleasure the language of Mr. Fessenden,
in his report to U3 in 18&4, when Secretary of
