1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3479
l*n. Harris, Johnston, Pratt, Spra*TW(Stockton,
Thurman, Tipton, Viokers, Warner, and Willey—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Chandler, Cole.
Corbett, Drake, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin,
Howe, Kellogg, McDonald, Nye, Osborn, Ramsey,
Bevels, Rice, Ross, Sawyer, Scott, Sherman. Spen-
cer, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Trumbull, and Wil-
"abskn't—Messrs, Ames, Bayard, Brownlow, Cam-
eron, Cattell. Conkling, Edmunds. Flanagan, Hamil-
ton of Maryland, Howard, Howell, Lewis, McCreery,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nor-
ton, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool, Robertson, Saulsbury,
Sohurz, Wilson, and Yates—25.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to amend the bill
on page 2, line thirteen, by inserting after
the word "the" the words "extension of
said road hereby authorized."
Mr. POMEROY. I think that is the mean-
ing of the bill now; but those words ought to
be inserted. There are three places in the bill
where the words "extension of" should be
PUThe VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection this amendment will be regarded as
agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. The same amendment
should be made in three or four other places
in the bill to make it correspond.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This amendment
will be incorporated in the places named as
suggested by the chairman of the committee,
and also by the Senator from Iowa.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not propose to say
anything in relation to this bill; but I desire
to have the yeas and nays on its passage.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 33, nays 14 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Buckingham,
Chandler, Cole, Corbett, Ferry, Gilbert, Hamlin,
Harlan, Harris, Howard, Howe, Kellogg, McDon-
ald, Nye, Osborn, Pomoroy, Pool, Ramsey, Revels,
Bice, Ross, Sawyer, Scott, Spencer, Stewart, Sum-
ner, Thayer, Tipton, Trumbull, Warner, and Wil-
liams—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Boreman, Carpenter, Casserly,
Conkling, Davis, Fowler, McCreery, Morton, Pratt,
Sprague, Stockton, Thurman, Vickers, and Wil-
ley—14.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Brownlow,
Cameron, Cat tell, Cragin, Drake, Edmunds, Fenton,
Flanagan, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of
Texas, Howell, Johnston, Lewis, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, Norton, Patterson, Robertson,
Saulsbury, Schurz, Sherman, Wilson,and Yates—25.
So the bill was passed.
supplies to california indians.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired ; and the executive, legisla-
tive, and judicial appropriation bill is before
the Senate.
Mr. COLE. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to take up Senate joint resolution
No. 115. It has been read, and I presume it
will take but a moment to pass it. I do not
suppose there will be any objection to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Maine [Mr. Morrill] yield for that
purpose?
Mr. HAMLIN. What is tbe joint resolution ?
The Secretary. A joint resolution (S. R.
No. 115) to provide for the payment of the
claim of Martha A. Estill, administratrix of
the estate of James M. Estill, deceased, Redick
McKee, and Pablo de la Toba.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the joint reso-
lution has been read, and it is simply a ques-
tion of voting, and there is to be no discussion,
I shall not object.
Mr. COLE. That is about all there will be,
I hope.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to have
that express understanding.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be subject
to a demand for the regular order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Very well; I
yield on that condition.
There being no objection, the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole proceeded to consider
the joint resolution.
The Secretary read the joint resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This joint reso-
lution has been reported by the Senator from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Scott] from the Committee
on Claims without amendment.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
amendments to legislative, etc., bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL, Mr. HOWE, Mr. SHER-
MAN, and Mr. WILLIAMS submitted amend-
ments intended to be offered to the bill (H. R.
No. 974) making appropriations for the legisla-
tive, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1871'; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its chief clerk,
announced that the House had passed a bill
(H. R. No. 2044) declaring the bridge between
Philadelphia and Camden a post route.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the resolution of the Senate to
reconsider the agreement of the two Houses
to the report of the committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the bill (S. No. 95) in relation to the Hot
Springs reservation in Arkansas, and recom-
mitting the same to the committee of confer-
ence.
order of business.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I am urged
by many Senators to move to proceed to the
consideration of the bill for the enforcement,
of the fifteenth amendment. I do not desire
to antagonize it against the plans of the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations or
against the wishes of the Senate. I should like
to know if the chairman himself does not think
it would be well to take up the bill now and
pass it, inasmuch as it is quite evident that the
appropriation bill will occupy some time and
the bill for the enforcement of the fifteenth
amendment must be passed at an early day if
it is to serve the purposes that many desire it
should in the elections that are approaching ?
For the purpose of testing the sense of Sen-
ators ana getting the view of the Senate upon
the question I move to postpone all prior
orders for the purpose of proceeding to the con-
sideration of Senate bill No. 810.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator move to postpone or pass over the prior
orders?
Mr. STEWART. To pass over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada moves to pass over the present
and all other orders for the purpose of con-
sidering the bill in regard to the fifteenth
amendment. The motion to pass over is not
debatable.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I should like to make
a remark in regard to the motion of the Sen-
ator from Nevada.
M[r. WILLIAMS. I object to debate.
Mr. SUMNER. I was about to make one
remark.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Debate is ob-
jected to by the Senator from Oregon, the
motion being undebatable.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to say that I am in
favor of the proposition of the Senator^ from
Nevada. It seems to me that now it is im-
portant 
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is debate.
The Senator from Oregon objects to debate.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope he will not object
to what I have said.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I should like to know
by what rule of the Senate, when a proposi-
tion is made to take up a bill of this import-
ance, debate is excluded.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is by a rule
which the Senate adopted on the 10th of April,
1870—the new rule. According to that rule
a motion to pass over a bill or resolution, or
place it at the foot of the Calendar, is not
debatable.
Mr. CASSERLY. Is the motion capable
of division?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is divisible.
Mr. CASSERLY. Then I ask that it be
divided, and the first part of it taken first.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator has
a right to demand that the bills be passed over
separately. If the present bill be passed over,
that will bring up the bill abolishing the frank-
ing privilege; and passing over that bill will
bring up the bill for the enforcement of tlie
fifteenth amendment. The unfinished business
is the appropriation bill. The first special order
is the franking bill, and the next special order
is the bill in regard to the fifteenth amendment.
The Senator from California [Mr. Casseiu.y]
demands a separate vote on passing over these
two bills. The first question is on passing over
the appropriation bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. Is the proposition to pass
over the special order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is to pass over
the appropriation bill. That is now the motion.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 24, noes 22.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill (H. R.
No. 986) to abolish the franking privilege is
now before the Senate.
Mr. STEWART. I move that it be passed
over.
Mr. RAMSEY. I feel constrained to call
for the yeas and nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 32, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Boreman, Cole, Corbett, Drake,
Fenton, Fowler, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Harlan,
Harris, Kellogg, McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Mor-
ton, Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pool, Pratt, Revels,
Rice, Ross, Sawyer, Sohurz, Scott, Spencer, Stewart,
Sumner, Thayer, Warner, Willey, and Williams—32.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckingham, Carpenter, Casserly,
Conkling, Cragin, Davis, Ferry, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hamlin, Howe, Howell, Johnston, McCreery,
Pomeroy, Ramsey, Saulsbury, Sherman, Sprague,
Stockton, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, and Vick-
ers—23.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Anthony, Bay-
ard, Brownlow, Cameron, Cattell, Chandler, Ed-
munds, Flanagan, Howard, Lewis, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Norton, Robertson, Wilson, and Yates—17.
So the motion was agreed to.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I have been requested to
ask that an order be entered to print the bill
(H. R. No. 974) making appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of
the Government for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1870, as amended. Some question
has arisen as to what amendments have been
agreed to, and I therefore ask that the bill be
printed as it now stands amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection that order will be made.
enforcement of fifteenth amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next special
order, being the bill (S. No. 810) to enforce
the fifteenth amendment to the Constitution of
the United States, is now before the Senate as
in Committee of the Whole. The Secretary
will report the bill.
Mr. STEWART. Let the substitute be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Unless the read-
ing of the original bill shall be called for the
substitute alone will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment re-
ported by the Committee on the Judiciary, to
strike out all of the original bill after the enact-
ing clause and in lieu of the words stricken
out to insert:
That all citizens of theUnitod States who are or
shall be otherwise qualified by law to vote at any
election by the people in any State, Territoiy, dis-
trict, county, city, parish, township, school district,
municipality, or outer territorial subdivision, shall
be entitled and allowed to vote at all saoh elections,
without distinction of race, color, or previous condi-
tion of servitude; any law, custom, usage, or regu-
, lation of any State or Territory, or by or under its
| authority, to the contrary notwithstanding.
Sbc. 2. And be it farther enacted. That if by, or
