1870,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2085
tion at all in these oases of subsidizing foreign
lines ; and we have thought in such instances
the proper place for their consideration and
full understanding was on the part of the
Committee on Commerce, which is constituted
with a view to the consideration of business
of that description. We have no objection to
entertain such cases where the postages are a
niaterial matter, where it is of considerable
interest to regulate the postal intercourse be-
tween this and some other country; but where
simply upon that fiction commerce is at-
tempted to be stimulated between this and
other countries, we supposed it was proper to
refer such matters to the Committee on Com-
merce. That is the conclusion to which the
Post Office Committee, after some delibera-
tion, have come.
The reason why we have come to this con-
clusion at this time is that there is a prospect
of a great number of these applications being
brought before us. There is one that we have
reported upon for increasing the subsidy to
the line between this country and China from
$500,000 to $1,000,000. The committee thought
very favorably of that; and inasmuch as the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads had
entertained the original proposition which led
to the legislation of four or five years since
giving the first subsidy, they entertained that
proposition. Immediately after that came this
other proposition for a subsidized line from San
Francisco to Australia, in which of course the
postages are the merest myth; but we believe
the commerce with that country to be important,
and that a great part, of it could be diverted
from lines passing to Europe and to Asia to
this country. We think well of the proposition
itself, but thought its consideration most appro-
priate for the Committee on Commerce.
Then, again, there is another proposition for
a subsidized line from New York city to the
ports upon the Gulf of Mexico; another from
the city of New Orleans to the ports upon the
Gulf of Mexico; another for a line from New
York city to the west coast of South America
with the view of regaining some of the lost
trade we once had with the States on the west
coast of South America. The Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads think well of all
these propositions; but inasmuch as the post-
ages there are of so little consequence, we
deem it raostappropriale that the matter should
receive the consideration of the Committee on
Commerce, and hence we have come to the
conclusion which is embraced in the report of
the Senator from California.
Mr. COIIBETT. I should like to as-i the
Senator the difference in importance of the
postages between this country an<! China and
between this country and Australia. The post-
age is not very largo that bee, been received on
the line established froui San Francisco to
China. All 1 desire is u) have some uniformity
in these cases. AsT understood the Post Office
Committee had p/cted upon that case, I thought
ail these bills should be referred to them.
Mr. RA.'ISEY. Certainly the postages are
not very important, and the subject should go
to cnto of the two committees; either the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads, or the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am glad the Senator
from Oregon [Mr. Coebjott] has brought this
question to the attention of the Senate. It is
,ui important one. I think there is merit in
the doubts expressed by him as to the action
of the Post Office Committee. I listened
attentively to the remarks made by my col-
league, [Mr. Coli;,] and I think I understand.
ti>e grounds upon which the Post Office Com-
mittee have acted in asking to bo dischavged
from the further consideration^ of tho bill
reported back by him. Bat, sir, ar^ those
grounds tenable t I do not pretend to any
particular knowledge of the histo ,-y of sub-
sidies to lines oi steamships between the Uni-
*u:d States and foreign countries ; Ira! T believe
(huv lj;>vc, usual! e, if not always, peen sustained j
on some connection with services rendered in
carrying the mails.
Probably, as the chairman of the Post Office
pommittee [Mr. Ramsey] suggests, that was
in many cases no better than a fiction ; but, as
we are wont to say in the law, it was a benefi-
cent fiction. It bridged over a difficulty which
existed then and exists to-day as to the power
of Congress to grant subsidies in money out
and out without any consideration rendered
except the expected advantages to the com-
merce of the country. That very difficulty may
present itself again; and therefore I regret
that the Post Office Committee did not see tts
way clear to retaining the consideration of
this subject. If the question of subsidy were
placed upon and restricted to the footing of
the post office service, be it much or little, it
would enable the committee to get rid of a
great many applications which do not rest on
any such basis ; as, for instance, the subsidy in
the case mentioned by the chairman of the
Post Office Committee for steam lines between
United Stages ports on the Atlantic and on the
Gulf of Mexico. In such a case there can be
no consideration of post office service which
could not be as well or better performed on
routes by laud.
Next let me say a few words on the partic-
ular subject of steam communication between
the United States and Australia through San
Francisco. I presented here the other morn-
ing the memorial of the Chamber of Commerce
of San Francisco, the same which my colleague
has just read. Like him I was struck by the
figures stated as the total of the trade afforded
by Australia, $375,000,000. They seemed to
mo large; but understanding them to mean
exports and imports, the whole trade in and
out, I imagine they are not overstated, be-
cause in proportion to the population, Aus-
tralia having two millions and a half and Cali-
fornia about six hundred thousand, the total
Australian trade as stated is no greater than
the total import and export trade of California
to-day.
In addition I have seen it staled, upon ap-
parently sufficient authority, that the passen-
ger traffic between Australia and Europe by
various steam lines and routes yields upward
of six million dollars annually. In my judg-
ment there is no source of increase or of wealth
to the commerce of the United States which
promises so richly to-day as that springing out
of the proposed steam communication with
Australia. For all these reasons I regret that
the bill for aid to this project is to be sent about
from the Post Office Committee to any other
committee of the Senate, especially to the
Committee on Commerce, which cannot so
well entertain it.
With these views, I shall be very glad if some
Senator of the majority here will offer a reso-
lution, and that shortly, testing the sense of
the Senate as to whether bills for aid to steam-
ships carrying the mail between the United
States and foreign lands shall be entertained
and disposed of by the Post Office Committee
or not. With all deference to the better judg-
ment and far greater experience of the gentle-
men of that committee, the subject is, in my
opinion, one which can better be disposed oi
by that committee than by any other. Let me
add that I hope the committee have not asked
to be discharged upon any idea that the Post
Officf-Department is bound to pay its expenses, (
an'a should not therefore have to do with con- j
tvacts or subsidies for mails to foreign lanas. |
If that is the idea of the committee—and |
perhaps it is, for it seems to have found favor J
with the head of the Post Office Department — ,
I respectfully insist Muit it is not a soiuid id6a. ]
The Post Office Department is a Department j
created for a great purpose of Government, for !
the more speedy, certain, and cheap inter-
course by letter by the people of the United
States bei ween themselves at homo and witn
foreign nations, .there is, therefote, no niOie
reason—speaking of couise within reu.-onabie.
economical limits—why the Post Office Depart-
ment should be expected to pay its own ex-
Benses, much less to produce a profit, than the
'epartment of the Army or Navy, or the De-
partmentof State, or the Supreme Court, or any
other Department of the Government should
be required to do the same thing.
My friend, the Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Thurman,] suggests that I might as well also
include Congress, which, he remarks and prob-
ably designs I should repeat, does not pay
its expenses at all. I do not know precisely
what he means. I hope he intends noth-
ing irreverent or even derogatory as to the
services of Congress, either at this time or at
any other in the history of the country. I hope
the bill in question will not be sent from the
Post Office Committee to the Committee on
Commerce. I trust also that, either by its vote
now or on a resolution brought forward for the
purpose, the Senate will establish the rule that
measures for subsidies to steam lines with for-
eign countries, if they are to be entertained by
any committee now existing, shall be enter-
tained by the Post Office Committee and there
disposed of.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President  
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Oregon [Mr. Cor-
BE'rr] that the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads have reported back this bill, ask-
ing to be discharged from its further consider-
ation. They ask also that it be referred to the
Committee on Commerce. If that is divided,
and the last motion should be rejected, the
bill will be placed on the Calendar.
Mr. THURMAN. Though a member of the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads, I
was not at the meeting when the order was
made that the committee ask the Senate to
discharge them from the consideration of this
bill and that it be referred to the Committee
on Commerce. Had I been I should have
voted against that proposition. I believe I
was in Congress when the first bill passed
granting to steamships subsidies of the nature
proposed by this bill, and a very extended de-
bate took place. Various views were expressed
as to what clause in the Constitution authorized
tiie granting of any such subsidies. By some
it was placed upon the post office clause of the
Constitution, but that clause is simply tkalt
Congress shall have power "to establish post
offices and roads; " and it certainly would be
the mostlatitudinarian construction in the world
to give to that clause, which simply authorizes
Congress to establish post offices and post
roads, a construction which included the power
to grant subsidies of this nature to steamships
sailing between this and foreign countries.
Again, it may have been suggested, although
I do not recollect that it was, that the power
existed in the clause which authorizes Con-
gress " to regulate commerce with foreign
nations, and among the several States, and
with the Indian tribes;" but I do not think
that any one seriously contended that that clause
of the Constitution authorized-anything of this
kind. ,
Filially, I believe the better opinion was, at
least that upon which Congress acted, that the
authority to grant these subsidies grew out of
the power given by the Constitution to Con-
gress " to provide and maintain a Navy and
it will be found, I think, in every one of the
bills which formerly passed Congress on this
subject that the contractors were required to
build the ships of sueh model, of such form,
and of such strength that they could be used
for vessels of war, and that there was the
power reserved to Congress at any time^ o
take the vessels for the purposes of war, render-
ing a proper compensation to the owners, an .
it'was argued with very great plausibility that
Congress might as well provide ships of war,
although the Government should not use them
when there was no emergency requiring then-
use, and suffer them to be used by thepersons
who had built them, with the right of the bov
