1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5367
if the Senator from South Carolina will with-
draw a proposition that, must lead to a general
discussion.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I did not offer this
amendment to embarrass the passage of the
bill, by any means. I did it because, finding
the Senate in such a good mood for the removal
of disabilities, I thought it a good time to urge
the amendment; but if it is likely to defeat the
bill of my friend from Kentucky, 1 withdraw it.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. DRAKE. I demand the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. RICE. I want to ask unanimous con-
sent to put in a name which the Senator from
Kentucky was prepared to accept. I was en-
gaged at the time the other amendment was
withdrawn, and did not notice the bill had
passed the stage of amendment. I wish to add
the name of Joseph T. Tucker, of Clark county,
Kentucky. He is well indorsed, and ought to
be relieved.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection that amendment will be inserted.
The Chair hears none. The question is on the
passage of the bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 44, nays C ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard. Buckingham,
Cameron, Carpenter, Casserly, Colo, Corbett, Davis,
Fowler, Hamilton of Maryland, JIaralin, Howard,
Howe, Johnston, IveHos<?, Lewis, McCreerv.MoDon-
ald, Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Osborn, Patterson,
Pratt, Rice, Robertson, Itoss, Saulsbury, Sawyer,
Schurz, Scott, Sherman, Spencer, Sprague, Stewart,
Stockton, Thuruian. Tipton, Trumbull, Warner,
WiDey, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—11.
A'AYS—Messrs. Ames, Chandler, Drake, Hamilton
of Toxrs, Sumner, and Thayer—6.
ABSENT—M-essrs. Anthony, Boreman, Brownlow,
Cattcll, Conkhng, Cragin, Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry,
i'lanagan, Gilbert, Harlan. Harris, Howell, Morrill
of Maine. Morton, Norton, Pomeroy, Pool, Ramsey,
Xtevels, and Vickers—22.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Two thirds hav-
ing voted in the affirmative, the bill is passed.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. Clintox Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had agreed to the
report of the committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 96) to place the
name of Charles H. Pendleton on the Navy
Register as lieutenant commander, active list.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the report of the committee of
conference on the disagreeing voles of the two
Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 5828) making
appropriations for the service of the Post Office
Department during the fiscal year ending June
30, 1871.
The message further announced that the
House had concurred in the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the joint resolution (S.
R. No. 109) amendatory of joint resolution for
the relief of certain officers of the Army,
approved July 25, 186G.
The message also announced that the House
bad passed the bill (S. No. 470) fixing the
status of certain Federal soldiers enlisting in
the Union Army from the State of Alabama
and Florida without amendment.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills; and they were thereupon signed by the
Vice President:
An act(H. R. No. C86) to make the Terri-
tory of Arizona a separate surveying district,
and to establish the office of surveyor general
therein ;
An act (H. R. No. 1545) relinquishing what-
ever title may remain in the United States to
a certain parcel of ground in Fremont, Ohio,
to the covpotaUon of I'r&rtsosit;
An act (H. R. No. 2213) to amend an act
entitled "An act making appropiations to
supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
the service of the Government for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1870, and for other pur-
poses," approved April 20, 1870; and
An act (tl. R. No. 2226) to regulate the pur-
chase^ fuel for the legislative, executive, and
judicial departments, and for the military and
naval establishments of the United States in
the District of Columbia.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I move now that the
Senate take up Senate bill No. 969.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 969) to relieve certain
persons therein named from the legal and
political disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States, and for other purposes.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I wish to
make a report from a committee.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Very well; I give way.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, re-
ported an amendment intended to be proposed
to the bill (H, R. No. 01G5) making approria-
tions for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1871, and for
other purposes; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, reported
a bill (8. No. 1049) to provide for a building
suited to the use. of a post office, the United
States courts, and the land and revenue offices
of the United States in the city of Leaven-
worth, Kansas.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 2109) to authorize the settlement
of the accounts of James G. McNutt, reported
it without amendment.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (II.-R.
No* 2354) for the relief of Vassal- College,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. STOCKTON, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of Margaret C. Bell, submitted a report
thereon, accompanied by a joint resolution (S.
R. No. 245) for the relief of Mrs. Margaret C.
Bell, widow of Hear Admiral H. II. Bell.
The bill was read and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
port oi' delivery at st. joseph.
Mr. CORBETT. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (II. R.
No. 2180) to establish a port of delivery at St.
J oseph, Missouri, have instructed me to report
it back without amendment; and I ask, it being
a House bill, that it be placed on its passage
now. It will require 110 discussion, and the
Senator from Missouri [Mr. Sohurz] is anx-
ious to have it passed.
There being uo objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
R. r. HAMMOND.
Mr. STEWART. I ask the Senator from
South Carolina to yield to me a moment to pass
a bill. If it leads to any debate I will give
way.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee oi the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution (S. R. No. 22G) for
the relief of Richard P. Hammond.
The Committee oil the Judiciary reported
an amendment, to strike oat all after the resolv-
ing clause and insert:
That 1 he Secretary of the Treasury is hereby au-
thorised and directed to credit uncn the judgment
obtained by the United. States against L. Maynard
and the estate of the late J. S. Folsom. deceased, as
sureties on the official bond of Richard P.Hammond.
late collector of customs at San Francisco, in the
circuit court of the United States for the tenth cir-
cuit, the sum of SS6.79S 09: and that said credit be
allowed and computed as of the date of the expend-
iture thereof by said Hammond, the corresponding
credits being allowed said sureties for interest as may
have been charged against them in the judgment;
and also to take and state an account as between the
said sureties and the United States.
Mr. STEWART. There is a report in the
case which may be read, if desired, as it is very
short. It is not taking any money from the
Treasury beyo-nd what stands credited to Ham-
mond's account oil the books of the Depart-
ment.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
lot s. bayless.
Mr. MORTON. Will theSenatorfrom South
Carolina yield that I may secure the passage
of a private bill reported from the Committee
on Military Affairs?
Mr. ROBERTSON. I will yield if it doea
not lead to discussion.
There bein^ no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. Ii. No. 1897) for the relief
of LotS. Bayless, administrator of Lieutenant
Marcus W. Bayless, deceased. By the bill the
proper accounting officers of the Government
are directed to pay Lot S. Bayless, administra-
tor of Marcus W. Bayless, deceased, late first
lieutenant and quartermaster of the forty-fourth
regiment Indiana volunteers, at the rate of the
regular pay and allowances of officers of that
rank in the Army, from the 15th day of Jan-
uary, 1862, to the 22d day of August, 1862,
inclusive.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
ST. ALOYSIDS BELIEF SOCIETY.
Mr. ABBOTT. I pray leave to make a re-
port, and I ask for its immediate consideration.
The Committee oil Military Affairs, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (S. R. No. 233)
authorizing the Secretary of War to donate
certain buildings to the St. Aloysius Relief
Society of Washington, District of Columbia,
have instructed me to report it back with a
recommendation that it pass. I ask for its
immediate consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution, which proposes to direct
the Secretary of War to donate to the St. Aloy-
sius Relief Society of Washington, District of
Columbia, for charitable purposes, the two
frame buildings located on ground leased by
the United States, at corner of N street and
Connecticut avenue, and now occupied as Army
offices and quarters; but the society are to re-
move the buildings at their own expense, when
vacated by the United Stales.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
nebraska city bridge.
Mr. TIPTON. I ask the Senate to proceed
to the consideration of Senate joint resolution
No. 195, authorizing the Midland Pacific Rail-
way Company to build a bridge at or near
Nebraska City, to connect its road with other
railroads. It has been up three times and read,
but has not been finally acted on.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the consider-
ation of the joint resolution (S. R. No. 195)
authorizing the Midland Pacific Railway Com-
pany to build a bridge at or near Nebraska
City to connect its road with other railroad's.
It proposes to authorize the Midland Pacific
Railway Company or lis assigns, with the con-
sent of the Legislatures of the States of Ne-
braska and Iowa, to construct a bridge across
