280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
Congress can after having readmitted her turn
her out and remit her to a state or condition of
tutelage.
I have no difficulty with either of these ques-
tions. Georgia waS one of the original States
of the Union. That she attempted to secede I
do not deny, but that she did succeed, that she
ever ceased for one moment to be a State in
the Union, I do most emphatically and solemnly
deny. If by any means she accomplished her
purpose of seceding from the Union, then the
■war withall its sacrifices of life and property
was a most miserable failure. Bat I need not
consider or argue that question for the purpose
of opposing this bill. That she is now a State
in this Union every department of the Govern-
ment has in some form or other officially de-
clared. That she-is a State, and that she has
at all times been a State in the Union since its
formation, the honorable gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] here on this day and
on this floor admits and declares; that she is
the State of Georgia is no less than seven times
affirmed in the bill now under consideration;
that she is a State in the Union no gentleman
here or elsewhere has ever been able by any
fair or logical argument to deny. And now if
she be a State in the Union, whether by being
one of the original States to form the Union
or by the laws of reconstruction and her read-
mission under them, by what authority, what
warrant of legitimate power, can sho be inter-
fered with by this bill? By what right can
Congress enter her domain and dictate to her
the laws she may enact, the constitutions she
shall ratify?
_ Tho makinc of laws by a State is the exer-
cise of the highest sovereignty; that sover-
eignty resides primarily in tho people of the
Stato and can be exercised only in accordance
with tho will of the people by their delegation,
their authority. Congress has no sovereign
powers except such as arc expressly granted
to it in and by tho Constitution. Sovereignty
does not come down from Congress ; it is in-
herent only in tho people ; Congress has no
right to intervene under tho clause of the Con-
stitution requiring it to guaranty to the States
a republican form of government, because
there is no charge or pretense that the govern-
ment of Georgia is not republican in form.
Tho entire extent of the charge even that her
enemies make against her is that by her Legis-
lature sho illegally, in violation of her constitu-
tion and laws, excluded certain members from
their seats. The fact that this was done in
violation of her constitution and laws shows
conclusively that her government as such is
not at fault; that the government of tho State
is republican in form and excludes the idea of
Congress having a right under that pretense to
intervene. The Legislature of tleorgiain rela-
tion to these excluded members has done noth-
ing but what it had a right to do. It was con-
stituted the judge, the sole judge, of the election
and qualification of its members. It decided
what jit had the right to decide, what this House
is doing daily with reference to its members,
and if it decided erroneously it was no more
jWs H°use llas> in my judgment, repeat-
edly done since I have been a member thereof.
But who of us is prepared to say even that
that decision of her Legislature was not in ac-
cordance with law? The supreme couit of
the State has made no decision in the particu-
lar case. Who of us can say that the Legis-
lature erred even in its decision? It was its
duty to decide, and the presumption is that it
did its duty and decided in accordance with tho
requirements of the law.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] did not, as I recollect, attempt to
place his case upon that action of the Legisla-
ture of Georgia. He has a pretense for the
intervention of Congress; and what is that
pretense ? It is that there have been within
the borders of the State of Georgia murders,
assassinations, and other crimes committed
since she was readmitted into the Union. Mr.
Speaker, in what State of this Union have not
crimes been committed; in what States have
not murders and assassinations been commit-
ted since Georgia was readmitted; and in
what State has there been more horrid and
terrible crime committed than in the gentle-
man's own State of Massachusetts?
But do gentlemen seriously contend that
because crimes have been committed in a State,
because murders and assassinations have been
committed, this Congress has therefore the
right to intervene and turn that State out of
the Union, and place her in acondition of tutel-
age and reconstruct its government? Why, if
that be the case, why should we not intervene
in the case of Massachusetts? Massachusetts
has murders and assassinations and other
crimes committed within her borders; I doubt
not nearly or quite as many as in Georgia.
And why should we not take her in charge,
tarn heroutof theUnion, and reconstruct her?
I hold in my hand, Mr. Speaker, a paper
containing another charge against the State of
Massachusetts. I find that in the adminis-
tration of Governor Andrew he authorized or
caused an investigation to be made into the
state and condition of the insane in-tlie State
of Massachusetts. A report was made, and I
send to the Clerk's desk to be read an abstract
of that report, that we may see whether it is
not proper and right that we to-day should
intervene in the case of Massachusetts to pro-
tect from the barbarous treatment the insane
people of that State.
The Clerk read the following extract from
the New York Evening Post, headed " Hor-
rible treatment of lunatics in Massachusetts:"
"Some revolting disclosures of tho ill-treatment
of insane persons in tho Massachusetts poor-houses
aro m;ido in an official report from tho investigating
oommissionrecently appointed by Governor Andrew.
Tho commission consisted of Josiali Quincy and Drs.
Hitchcock and Storer. After visitation and careful
examination, tho commission reports that the public
hospitals for the insane in the Stato are properly
managed, except that a preference is shown for the
foreign over tho native insano; but tho treatment
ot tho lunatics by the overseers of tho poor is de-
nounced in sovoro terms as barbarous and shameful.
"There were during the past year, as gathered
from official documents, eight hundred and eleven
insano persons hold in custody at the various town
poor-houses in tho State, nearly all of whom, as
town poor, wore necessarily of native origin, and
many of whom had nover been subjected to curative
treatment in a hospital. Tho commissioners have
lound also that a great many insano woro in confine-
ment at the Stato alms-houses. Their real number
seem nover to havo been officially reported, but it
must amount to several hundred, which, added to
those above mentioned, would give a total of over a
thousand insano persons held in confinement by
public antlioritios in Massachusetts who aro yet
without tho slightest, benefit of hospital treatment.
Among tho instances of cruel treatment the fol-
lowing aro cited: under tho inclined roof of an out-
building connected with a poor-house, a situation
where the inmatos havo suffered intensely from cold
m winter and hoat in summer, the commissioners
lound a. man and woman confined in what woro in
fact cages, on tho opposite side of a narrow passage-
way that led to a small window in the gable end of
tho building. There was no ventilation, and tho
walls and collin? were foul with cxcrcmcnt, The
commissioners were informed that theso poor crea-
tures had been kept there for many years with only
the variety ot being transferred from one eago to
another when it was necessary, in the language of
then- keeper, to clean them out.'
'In ono ot tho town alms-houses an incurably in-
sano pauper was found in a narrow, filthy cell or
cage, who _ a few years ago in tho same place lost
most of his toes and more than one half of ono foot
by freezing. He is still confined in tho samo cold,
dark, and non-ventilated cage, thestench from which
is horrible.
"These cages wero by far the most painful that
carno under tho observation of the commission, but
there wero others where tho treatment, although
well intended, was entirely unfitted to tho condition
or comfort of the inmates. Insomo places they wero
found locked up in strong rooms like felons, men
and women naked, their beds a bundle of straw, and
tod only like wild beasts, through tho doors.
-the subject is to be brought to the attention of
the Legislature."
Now, sir, if a murder in a State now and
then should subject the State to the control
and reconstruction of Congress, much more
it seems to me, should the State be recon-
structed that neglects the poor unfortunates
described 111 that article and permits them to
suffer and be treated in the manner stated. I 1
have read of no horror in Georgia that can
compare with this horrid treatment of the insane
in Massachusetts.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Buti.ee] insists that the people of the State
of Georgia have forfeited their State govern-
ment, all their rights in the Union, and sub-
jected themselves to the control of Congress
in consequence of the murders and crimes
which they had committed. Does tho gentle-
man have no apprehension that in this admis-
sion, in the establishment of this precedent,
he subjects his own State when the time shall
come, if come it may, when a different party
organization controlling in Congress and enter-
taining similar views of its powers to the like
reconstruction, to the same disposition that
he would now make of Georgia ?
Now, Mr. Speaker, I deny utterly that such
acts as those charged against the State of
Georgia, or any similar acts of the few mur-
derers and assassins that may happen for the
time being to be within her borders, can author-
ize or justify the intervention of the Federal
Government in her affairs under any provision
of the Constitution ; and yet this bill directs
the Governor of Georgia to summon all per-
sons elected to the General Assembly of the
State and commands that body when assem-
bled what it shall do. Was there ever a propo-
sition so monstrous? But it does not stop
here. The seventh section provides—
That upon the application of tho Governor of
Georgia tho President of tho United States shall
employ such military or naval forces of the United
States as may be necessary to enforce and execute
the preceding provisions of this act.
Now, suppose the gentlemen elected should
neglect or refuse to assemble when summoned
by the Governor, the military and naval forces
will of course be called out, because the " Pres-
ident shall," upon being called upon, employ
them. The President will have no discretion.
He "shall" is the language of the bill. And
sir, -what a spectacle will then be presented of
the President of the United States engaged
with the land and naval forces pursuing through-
out the State of Georgia the fugitive members
of her Legislature to compel them to assemble
and "execute the provisions of this act," to
compel them to ratify the fifteenth amendment
of the Constitution. Was there ever so absurd,
so preposterous a proposition? Can folly or
wickedness go further ? And will not such pro-
ceedings be the free act of the State of Geor-
gia? And will she not when that shall have
been done freely and voluntarily have ratified
the amendment to_ the Constitution ? Will not
her people and will not the people of our re-
spective States respect, revere such a Consti-
tution so ordained ? Shall we not respect the
Representatives, when they come here, of a
people who are abject enough to submit to such
degradation, such dishonor?
Gentlemen say that it is not to enforce the
i atiucation of the fifteenth amend merit, because
the fifteenth amendment is referred to in a
subsequent section. But what is the language
of the sixth section, which immediately pre-
cedes the one in which the Governor is author-
ized to call for troops ? That section is as fol-
lows ;
Til at it is hereby declared that tho exclusion of anv
person or persons elected as aforesaid, and beini
°'„5f!"se qualified, from participation in the pro-
eeedinffs of said senate or house of representatives
upon the ground of race, color, or previous condition
i?< hereby prohibiteJ3.0 lU°Sal ^ yolutio™ry,
Now, suppose the Legislature undertakes to
do precisely what that section says they shall
not do ? Section six embodies the entire fif-
teenth amendment so far as it relates to repre-
sentation. The provision of the seventh section
is that the Governor may call for the militia,
ior the Army of the United States, to enforce
up0rjthe Legislature the principle at least of
the fifteenth amendment. Can such action
of the Legislature be considered the voluntary
act of that people? Is this the exercise of the
