3480
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
under the authority of the constitution or laws of
auy statu or the laws of any Territory, any act is or.
shall be required to bo tlono as a prerequisite or qual- •
ifloation for voting, and by such constitution or laws
persons or otlicers aro or shall be obarged with the
performance of duties in furnishing to citizens an
opportunity to perform such prerequisite, or to be-
come Qualified to vote, it shall be the duty of every
such person and oflioor to give to all citizens of the
United States tho same and equal opportunity to
perform such prerequisite, and to becomo qualified
to vote, without distinction of race, color, or previous ,
condition of servitude: and if any such person or
officer shall refuse or Knowingly omit to giro full
effect to this seotion, he shall, for every suoh offense,
. forfeit and pay thesumof|500tothoj>ersonassrieved ,
thereby, to bo recovered by an aetion on the case, !
with full costs and such allowance for oounsel fees as I
the court shall deem just, and shall also, for every
such offense, be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor,
and shall, on conviction thoreof, be fined not less
than SoOO, and be imprisoned not less than ono month
nnd not more than one year.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That whenever,
by or under the authority of the constitution or laws
of any State or the laws of any Territory, any act is
or shall be required to bo aone by any citizen as a 1
prerequisite to qualify or entitle hiin to vote, the offer
of any such oitiien to perforn the act required to be
done as aforesaid shall, if it fail to bo carried into
execution by reason of the wrongful act or omission
•foresaid of the person or officer charged with the
duty of receiving or permitting such performance or
offer to perform or acting thereon, be deemed and
held as a performance in law of such act; and the
person so offering and foiling as aforesaid and being
otherwise qualified, shall be entitled to vote in tho
same manner and to the same cxtont as if he had in
fact performed such act; and any judge, inspector,
or otner officer of election whose duty it is or shall be
to receive, count, certify, register, report, or giro
effect to the vote of any such citizen, who shall refuso
or knowingly omit to rcceive, # unt, certify, regis-
ter, report, or give effect to the vote of such citizen,
upon the presentation by him of his affidavit stating
such offer and the time and place thereof, and tho
name of the officer or person whoso duty it was to act
thereon, and that he was wrongfully prevented by
such person or officer from performing such act, shall
for every such offense forfeit and pay tho sum of $600
to the person aggrieved thereby, to be recovered by
an aotion on the case, with full costs and such allow-
ance for counsel fees as the court shall deem just, and
shall also, for every such offense, be guilty of a mis-
demeanor, and shall, on conviction thereof, be fined
not less than $000, and be imprisoned not less than
one month and not more than one year.
Sec.4. And be it further enacted. That if any person,
by force, bribery, threats, intimidation, or other-
wise, shall hinder, delay, prevent, or obstruct, or
attempt to hinder, delay, prevent, or obstruct any
citizen from doing any act authorised by this act to
be done to qualify him to vote or from voting at any
election as aforesaid, such person shall for every
such offense forfeit and pay the sum of #500 to the
person aggrieved thereby, to be recovered by an
action on the case, with full costs and such allow-
ance for counsel fees as tho court shall deem just,
and shall also for every such offense be puilty of a
misdemeanor, and shall on conviction thereof be
fined not less than $500, and bo imprisoned not less
than one month and not mora than one year.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That any person
who shall be deprived of any oflico. except that of
member of Congress or member of a State Legisla-
ture, by reason of the violation of the provisions of
this act, shall bo entitled to recover possession of
such office by writ of mandamus or other appropriate
proceeding; and tho circuit and district courts of the
United States shall have concurrent jurisdiction of
all cases arising under this section.
Sec. 6. And he it further enacted. That the district
courts of the United States, within their respective
districts, shall have, exclusively of the courts of the
several States, cognizance of all crimes and offenses
committed against the provisions of this act, and
also, concurrently with the circuit courts of the Uni-
ted States, of all causes, civil and criminal, arising
under this aot, except as is otherwise provided in tho
fifth section hereof, and the jurisdiction hereby con-
ferred shall be exercised in conformity with the laws
and practice governing United States courts; and all
crimes and offenses committed against the provisions
of this act may be prosecuted by the indictment of a
grand jury, or, in cases of crimes and offenses not in-
famous, the prosecution may be either by indictment
or information filed by the district attorney in a court
having jurisdiction.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted. That the district
attorneys, marshals, and deputy marshals of the
United States, the commissionem appointed by the
circuit and territorial courts of the United States,
with powers of arresting, imprisoning, or bailing
offenders against the laws of the United States, and
every other officer who may be specially empowered
by the President of the United States, shall be, and
they are hereby, specially authorized and required,
at the qxpense of the United States, to institute pro-
ceedings against all and every person who shall Vio-
late the provisions of this act, and cause him or them
to be arrested and imprisoned, or bailed, as the case
may be, for trial, before such court of the United
States or territorial court as has cognizance of the
offense. And with a view to afford reasonable pro-
tection to ali persons in their constitutional right to
vote without distinction of race, color, or previous
condition of servitude, and to the prompt discharge
of the duties of this act, it shall be the duty of the
circuit couru of tlio United States, and the superior
courts of th« Territories of the United States, fVom
time to time, to increase the number of 09mmissl0n-
ers, so as to afford a speody and convenient means
for the arrest and examination of persons charged
with a violation of this aot; and suoh commissioners
aro horoby authorized and required to exercise and
disoharge all tho powers and dutios conferred on
them by this act, and tho samo duties with regard
to offenses created by this aot, as they aro authorized
by law to exorcise with regard to other offenses
against, tho laws of tho United States.
Skc. 8. Andbe it further enacted. That it shall bo the
duty of all marshals and deputy marshals to obey
and exooute all warrants and procepts issued under
the provisions of this act when to them direoted; and
should any marshal or deputy marshal refuse to
receive such warrant or othor process when tendered,
or to uso all proper moans diligently to execute tho
samo, he shall, on oonviotion thereof, be fined in tho
sum of $1,000, to tho use of the person deprived of
the rights conferred by this act. And the bettor to
enable tho said commissioners to exooute their duties
faithfully and efficiently in oonformity with the Con-
stitution of the United States and the requirements
of this act they are hereby authorized and empow-
ered within thoir districts respectively to appoint, in
writing undor their hands, any ono or more suitable
persons from time to time to oxecuto all such war-
rants and othor process as may be issued by them in
the lawful performance of their respective duties,
and the persons so appointed to execute any warrant
or procoss as aforesaid shall have authority to sum-
mon and call to their aid the bystanders or posse
comitatue of tho proper county or such portion of the
land or naval forces of tho United States or of tho
militia as may be necessary to tho performance of
the duty with which they are charged, and to insure
a laithlul observance of tho fifteenth amendment to
the Constitution of the United States; and such war-
rants shall run and bo executed by said officers any-
where in the State or Territory within which they
arc issued.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That any person
who shall knowingly fyid Willfully obstruct, hinder,
or prevent any officer or other person charged with
the execution of any warrant or process issued under
tho provisions of this act, or any person or persons
lawtully assisting him or them from arresting any
person for whose apprehension such warrant or pro-
cess may have been issued, or shall rescue or attempt
to rescue such person from the custody of theofneeror
other person or persons or those lawfully assisting as
aforesaid when so arrested pursuant to the authority
herein given and declared, or shall aid, abet, or
assist any person so arrested as aforesaid, directly
or indirectly, to escape from the custody of tho offi-
cer or other person legally authorised as aforesaid,
or shall harbor or conceal any pe.-son for whose
arrest n, warrant or proce-s shall have been issued as
aforesaid so as to prevent his discovery and arrest
after notice or knowledge of the fact that a warrant
has been issued for tho apprehension of suoh person,
shall for either of said offenses be subject to a fine
not exceeding $1,000 and imprisonment not exceed-
ing six months by indictment and conviction before
the district or circuit court of the United States for
the district or circuit in which said offense may havo
been committed, or before the proper eourt of crim-
inal jurisdiction, if committed within any oneof the
organized Territories of the United States.
Sue. 10. And be it further enacted, That the com-
missioners, district attorneys, tho marshals, their
deputies, and the clerks of the said district, circuit,
and territorial courts shall bo paid for their services
tho like fees as may be allowed to them for similar
services in other cases. Tho person or porsons au-
thorized to oxecute tho process to be issued by such
commissioners for tho arrest of offenders against tho
provisions of this act shall be entitled to ft fee of
ten dollars for eaoh person ho or they may arrest
and take before auy snoh commissioner as aforesaid,
with such other fees as may be deemed reasonable
by such commissioner for such other additional ser-
vices as may be necessarily performed by him or
them, such us attending at the examination, keep-
ing the prisoner in custody, and providing him with
food and lodging during his detention, and until tho
final determination of such commissioner, and in
general for performing such other duties as may bo
required in the premises; such fees to be made up in
conformity with the fees usually charged by the offi-
cers of the courts of justico within the proper dis-
trict or county, as near as may bo practicable, and
paid out of the Treasury of the United States on the
certificate of the judge of the district within which
the arrest is made, and to be recoverable from the
defendant as part of the judgment in case of convic-
tion.
Sbc. 11. And be it further enacted. That whenever
the President of the United States shall have reason
to believe that offenses have been or are likoly to be
Committed against the provisions of this act within
any judicial district, itshall be lawful for him, in his
discretion, to direct the judge, marshal, and district
attorney of such district to attend at such place
within the district, and for such time as he may
designate, for the purpose of the more speedy arrest
and trial ot persons charged with a violation of this
act; and it snail be the duty of every judge or other
officer, when any such requisition shall be received
by him, to attend at the place and for the time therein
designated.
dec. 12. And be it further enacted. That it shall be
lawful for the President of the United States, or such
person as he may empower for that purpose, to em-
ploy such part of the land or naval forces of the
United States, or of the militia, as shall be deemed
necessary to prevent the violation and enforce the
duo execution of this act.
Mr. STEWART. I move to amend the
amendment by adding some additional sections
consisting of two bills reported from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary that have been printed
and on our tables for a long time. One is Sen-
ate bill No. 114, to enforce the fourteenth ar-
ticle of amendment of the Constitution of the
United States in regard to holding olligo,; and
tho other is the bill (S. No. 3G5) to secure to
all persons the equal protection of the laws. 1
send them to the Chair as tjpy amendments.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment to the
amendment, as follows:
And be it farther enacted. That whenever any per-
son shall hold office, except as a nlemberof Congress
or of some State Legislature, contrary to the provis-
ions of the third section of the fourteenth article of
amendment of the Constitution of the United States,
it shall be the duty of tho district attorney of the'
United States for the district in which suoh person
shall hold offieo as aforesaid to proceed against sueh
porson by writ of quo warranto, returnable to thecir-
cuit or district court of the United States in sueh dis-
trict, and to prosecute tho same to tho removal of
such person from office; and any writ of quo warranto
so brought as aforesaid shall take precedence of all
other cases on tho docket of tho court to which it is
made returnable, and shall not bo continued unless
for causo proved to tho satisfaction of the court.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That any person
who shall heroafter knowingly accept or hold any
offioe under the United States, or any State, to which
ho is ineligible under tho third section of tho four-
teenth article of amendment of the Constitution of
the United States, or who shall attempt to hold or
exercise the duties of any such offico, shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor against tho United States,
nn/i upon conviction thereof before the circuit or
district court of the United States shall be impris-
oned not more than ono year and fined not exceed-
ing $1,000, and shall forever be disqualified to hold
any offico of honor, trust, or profit under tho United
States or any State.
And be it further enacted. That all persons within
tho jurisdiction of the United States, (Indians not
taxed excepted,) shall have the same right in every
State and Territory in the United States to make
and enforce contracts, to sue, be parties, give evi-
dence, and to the full and equal benefit of all laws
and proceedings for the security of person and prop-
erty as is enjoyed by white citizens, and shall be
subject to like punishments, pains, penalties, taxes,
lioenses, and exactions of every kind, and none other,
any law, statute, ordinance, regulation, or custom to
the contrary notwithstanding. No tax or charge
shall be imposed or enforced by any State upon any
person emigrating thereto,
Sua. 2. And be it further enacted. That any person
who, undor color of any law, statute, ordinance,
regulation, or custom shall subject, or cause to bo
subjected, any inhabitant of any State or Territory
to tho deprivation of any right seoured or protected
by this act, or to difi'erent punishment, pains, or
penalties, on account of such person being an alien,
or by reason of his color or race, than is prescribed
for the punishmontof citizens, shall be deemed guilty
of a misdemeanor, and on conviction shall bo pun-
ished by fine not exceeding SI,000 or imprisonment
not exceeding one year, or both, in the discretion of
tho eourt.
Skc. X And be it further enacted, That the act to
protect all porsons in the United States in their civil
rights, and furnish tho means of their vindication,
passed April S>, 1866, is horeby reenacted; and said
act, except tho first and second sections thereof, is
hereby referred to and made a part of this act; and
section fifteen and section sixteen thereof shall be
enforced acoording to the provisions of said aot.
Mr. VICKERS. Mr. President, the appro-
priation bill for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government was con-
sidered of so much importance as to override
all other subjects brought to the attention of
the Senate. A change, however, seems to
have " come over the spirit of the dream"
of the majority of the Senate. Perhaps some
petty elections are approaching.
Mr. STEWART. Will the Senator allow
me to make a suggestion to the Senate before
he goes on ?
Mr. VICKERS. Certainly.
Mr. STEWART. I rise simply to say to
the friends of the bill that I am anxious that
it should be passed before the Senate adjourns
to-day. We might just as well finish it in one
session as in seven. I do not propose to make
any remarks upon it myself, but I desire to
have thebill passed before the Senate adjourns.
Mr. VICKERS. It seems that this bill is
now to be given precedence over the appro-
priation bill, which has been under the con-
sideration of the Senate for several days. _
The fifteenth amendment of the Constitu-
tion, so called, reads:
"The right of citizens of the United States to vot«
