5368
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
the Missouri river at or near Nebraska City,
so as to connect the Midland Pacific Railway
with the St. Joseph and Council Blufl's Rail-
road, Burlington and Missouri River Railroad,
or any other railroads, on the same terms and
subject to the same restrictions as contained in
the act authorizing the construction of bridges
at Quincy, Illinois, Burlington, Iowa, and
other places, entitled "An act to authorize the
construction of certain bridges and to establish
them as post roads," approved July 25, 1860.
The Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads reported the joint resolution with an
amendment, which was in line ten, to insert
after the word "same" the words "condi-
tions, limitations, and;'1 and in line eleven,
after the word " act," to strike out the words
"authorizing the construction of bridges at
Quincy, Illinois, Burlington, Iowa, and other
places;" so as to read :
On the same terms, and subject to tho samo con-
ditions, limitations, and restrictions as contained in
the act entitled "An act to authorize the construc-
tion ofcortain bridges, and to establish them as post
roads," approved July 25,1866.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendment was con-
curred in.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, was read the third
time, and passed.
ak51y appropriation bill.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Now, I think I have
been indulgent enough. A dozen Senators
are still asking mo to yield.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the Senator from
South Carolina will give us half an hour longer,
and we may pass a good many small bills.
Mr. ROBERTSON. 1 will yield until two
o'clock, if that meets the approbation of the
Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the bill will be passed over informally
until two o'clock.
Mr. SPENCER. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then it must
be proceeded with, or a motion to postpone
made.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to state that it was the
intention of the Committee on Appropriations
to take up the Army appropriation bill to-day
at twelve o'clock. That time has passed. As
that matter is aligned lo me, 1 am instructed
by the Committee on Military Affairs to move
an amendment to it that will be the substance
of the bill considered last night, striking out
such parts of it as were objected to by Senators.
I wish to offer the amendment and have it
printed; and 1 give notice that to-morrow at
twelve o'clock I shall ask for the consideration
of the Army appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Massachusetts that
unless the Senate grants unanimous consent to
take this bill up at twelve o'clock to-morrow,
whatever the Senate may adjourn on to-night
will be the unfinished business.
Mr. WILSON. 1 ask unanimous consent of
the Senate for the consideration of the Army
appropriation bill to morrow at twelve o'clock. I
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
put the question to the Senate. Is there objec-
tion?
Mr. COLE. 1 object.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not. We must
dispose of the appropriation bills. «
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is tho duty of
the Chair to recognize tho Senators having
charge of general appropriation bills at this
period of the session; but the Chair states the
unfinished business will have priority. The
amendment will be ordered to be printed. j
Mr. WILSON. I give notice that to-mor- j
row at twelve o'clock I shall move that the ■
Army appropriation bill be taken up.
Mr. SPENCER. This disability bill is a
matter of much importance. There are sev-
eral thousand names in this bill. It affects
all the southern States, and I decline to yield
to any more private bills.
contracts for steam machinery.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope I shall be allowed
to pass a private bill. I am generally so much
engaged in public measures that I neglect the
business of constituents here. I desire to call
np a bill reported by the Senator from Mis-
souri [Mr. Drake] a long time ago. I ought
to ask the attention of the Senate to it. It
will take but a moment.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I will yield to the Sen-
ator from Ohio, and that, will be the last.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Alabama objects, and the joint resolu-
tion cannot be taken u]J*if there is objection.
Mr. SPENCER. I make no objection to
the joint resolution of the Senator from Ohio.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution (S. R. No. 92) for the
relief of certain contractors for the construc-
tion of vessels of war and steam machinery.
The Committee on Naval Affairs reported
an amendment, to strike out all after the re-
solving clause and insert the following:
That the claims for building vessels of war and
steam machinery, referred to in tho act for the relief
of certain contractors for the construction of vessels
of war and stcaiu machinery, approved March 2,1867,
•bercforred to tho Court of Claims, which is hereby
vested with jurisdiction under saul act, and whoso
duty it shall be to investigate arid determine the
claims of the several parties upon the principles and
rules laid down in said act, except as hereinafter
provided; and the finding ot saul court in the prem-
ises shall have the eamo iorco and ofleer, as any other
judgment of said court; but no claim shall be con-
sidered by said court unless tho same be presented
therein within one year after tho passage of this
resolution; and so much of paid act as provides
against considering any allowance in favor of any
such panics for any advance in tho price of labor or
material, unless sueli advanco could not havo been
avoided by tho exercise of oidinary prudence and
diligence on tho part of the contractor, bo, and the
same ib heieby, repealed.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to know what
committee reported that.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee on Naval
Affairs. It applies the same rules of law that
are applied to other cases. There are few e;jses
in the western States which are referred to the
Court of Claims. The Senator from Missouri
can explain it more fully than I can, if neces-
sary. I hope there will bo no objection to it.
ill-. CORBETT. Does not this apply to all
claims?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes; but they are all set-
tled, except the claims at Cincinnati and St.
Louis, I understand.
Mr. CORBETT. I know there are some
other claims which I think should be adjusted,
too.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is general in its
terms.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was teported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendment was con-
curred in. The joint resolution was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
ullman's brigade.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I insist on going on
with tho disabilities bill now.
Mr. STEWART. 1 move that the reading
of the bill be dispensed with. I suppose nobody
will require the reading of the bill.
Mr. HOWARD. I object to that. The Con-
stitution requires something besides that. The
Constitution requires that the bill shall be
read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That has been
several times staled, and if it is now made
as a point of order the Chair must rule that
the Constitution of the United States does not
contain any such provision. Tho constitutions
of various States do, but the Constitution of
the United States does not.
Mr. POMEROY. The reading can be dis-
pensed with by unanimous consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. But the Senator i
from Michigan objects.
Mr. HOWARD. If that has been the prac-
tice. I withdraw the objection.
Mr. WILSON. Before we proceed to the
consideration of that bill will the Senator allow
me to present the report of a committee of
conference?
Mr. ROBERTSON. Certainly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The reading of
the bill has been dispensed with by unanimous
consent.
Mr. WILSON submitted thefollowingreport:
The committee of conference oil the disagreeing
votesof the two Houses on House resolution Mo. 109,
entitled "Joint resolution amendatory of joint reso-
lution for the relief of certain officers of the Army, '
approved July 26, 1866, having met, after full and
free confereacc have agreed to recommend, and do
recommend, to their respective Houses as follows;
That the Senate recede from their first amendment.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
tho second amendment of tho Senate, and agree to
the same.
That the bill bo further amended by striking out
the word "shall," in line fifteen, and inserting in
lieu thereof the word "may." •
HENRY WILSON,
JOHN M. THAYER.
JOHN W. JOHNSTON,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
J. P. ASPER,
JOHN A. LOGAN,
GEORGE Vf. MORGAN,
Managers on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
amendments to appropriation rill
Mr. WILLIAMS, Mr. DRAKE, Mr. BAY-
ARD, and Mr. SAWYER submitted amend-
ments intended to be proposed to the bill (H.
R. No. 2165) making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1871, and for other purposes;
which were referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
removal of political disabilities.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 909) to
relieve certain persons therein named from the
legal and political disabilities imposed by the
fourteenth amendment of the Constitution of
the United States, and for other purposes.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I move to insert a name
recommended by the Secretary of the Interior.
I will read the Secretary's letter:
Department of the Interior.
Washixotox, Jttfy5,1870.
Dear Sin: Dr. It. II.B. Day has been examined
for a clerkship m the Census Office from Virginia, but
cannot properly take the test-oath. I am satisfied
that the difficulty is purely a technical one; that he,
being within the confederate jurisdiction and liable
to conscription, served as an attendant in a hospital
and did not in any way bear arms. Under tbese cir-
cumstances I cordially recommend that his name be
inserted m any ponding bill for the removal ot dis-
abilities of persons in the late rebellion.
Very truly, yours,
J. D. COX, Secretary.
Hon. Mr. Platt, of Virginia, or any other member
of Congress from that Sate.
I move that the name oC R. II. B. Day, of
Virginia, be inserted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPENCER. I move to amend by in-
serting in the Alabama list the names of Ber-
naid H. Vaughan, of Tuscaloosa county, and
Reuben A. Lewis, of Mobile county.
The amendment was agreed lo.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I offer some amend-
ments recommended by the committee.
Mr. CORBETT. I move that the reading
of the committee's amendment be dispensed
with.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
iioy in the chair.) The amendment will be
regarded as agreed to without being read.
Mr. FOWLER. I offer two names from
Tennessee. I move to insert the names of A.
0. P. Nicholson and W. C. Whilthorne.
Mr. ROBERTSON. There is a petition in
the committee-room aqainst removing the dis-
abilities of Nicholson. lie withdrew from this
Senate Chamber to go into the rebellion, and
he is still objectionable to the Union men of
Tennessee. I give the information as X get it.
Mr, WILSON. X wish to ask a question.
