575
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 11,
Ho. of Beps.
Delaware Breakwater—Mr. Biggs.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
the southern States to stand by them, that the
first time one of them gets a Legislature of
our friends we will not deliver a blow right in
its front. Whoever does so, in my judgment,
either wittingly or unwittingly, aids the Demo-
cratic party a great deal more than he would
do by going over into its ranks; for there such
men would be mere atoms, without influence,
like flies in amber—
"The tilings, we know, aro neither rich nor rare,
But wonder how the devil they (rot there."
Now, then, I have stated to you frankly and
fully how this question appears to mo. I, for
one, was wedded and am still wedded to these
conditions we imposed upon the States of Vir-
ginia, Texas, and Mississippi; but I found that
other gentlemen, for whom I had the highest
respect, whose Republicanism I did not doubt,
men high in the Republican party, and some
of the truest men in this House, hold other
opinions apparently because of their hostility
to Governor Bullock.
Now, one word as to Governor Bullock.
There has been sent to this House and reiter-
ated on this floor a lying telegram, sent to a
paper in Cincinnati, saying that upon an in-
vestigation of the charges against Governor
Bullock they were found to be true. Let me
say here—and I speak whereof I do know, and
I only wish I were at liberty t,o divulge the
source of my information, for it is such as
amply satisfies me, and I pledge you will
satisfy every member of the House when lie
hears it—that not one word against Governor
Bullock's official or personal integrity has yet
been proved, and the committee of the Georgia
Legislature have finished their investigation of
the subject.
But, on the contrary, the only man that has
ever made charges against him is the State
treasurer of Georgia, one Angier; and Angier
and his acts are now under investigation. I will
not say a word now as to what, will bo the result,
of that investigation, for I hold it of all things
the most cowardly and mean to take advantage
of a position on this iloor to impute wrong to
men where the men cannot defend themselves.
1 will take advantage of my position here to de-
fend men when they cannot defend themselves ;
hut to come here and be accuser and judge at
one and the same time is a wrong of which 1
never was, and I trust J never shall be guilty.
Now, what is the practical tiling to do? As
the eh airman of the Committee on Reconstruc-
tion I could only come forward mid present, (he
old Virginia and Texas bill; hut, as I say,
many good Republicans were pledged against
that without it carried the Bingham amend-
ment, and had voted for tlie Bingham amend-
ment as against that. They could not go back
and unite upon that bill; and with the strongest,
prejudices and with the strongest preposses-
sions we could not unite.
The question then comes up, what is it my
duty to do? I reflect I am a party man ; 1
have the good of my party to my heart; X
believe in the necessity of party action and of
acting together for the common good. There-
foic when it was suggested that my friend and
colleague [Air. Dawes] would be willing to
vote for a plain bill admitting Georgia without
any conditions, I said, very well, I am willing
as an individual to accede to that; I am will-
ing that that should be done. If the good
men and the true men, some of whom I have
now ill my mind's eye, if the good and true
men ot the Republican party who are divided
on the Bingham amendment could eome to-
gether on a bill like that of my friend and col-
h-iigue [Sir. Dawes] I wouldyield my prejudices
and eome together with them on that. I am
willing to meet half way in compromise. I
desire to settle the difficulties and differences
in the Republican party without any aid from
oui friends over the way.
For that purpose I have yielded my own
preferences and my own feelings; and I have
yielded very considerably. I speak of it, not
in the way of complaint at all, but only to
show that I am willing to make some personal
sacrifice on my part, at the same time that I
ask not any sacrifice of principle on the part
of others in the Republican party. For when
I agree to the acccptance of the amendment
proposed by my friend and colleague, [Mr.
Dawes,] I am in the position of seeming not
to have been able to hit upon the wisest and
best thing for the party, and of yielding to
him the palm of having hit upon that thing.
Palmam qui meruit fatal. He has, in my
judgment, hit upon what is exactly the point
at which we can all come together. I am glad
he has done so; and without any possible feel-
ing of jealousy, or any other feeling but glad-
ness, I am content, yielding my individual
preferences, if others will yield theirs, that
we settle this difficulty, this difference of opin-
ion in our party, and come together, and vote
together, as we should do and must do, if we
mean to sustain ourselves before the people.
We come here, then, Mr. Speaker, with an
attempt to reconcile all diffex-ences, and to
bring all matters to an end,.so far as recon-
struction is concerned.
On the contrary, if we require Georgia to go
into an election by adopting this amendment,
then that election must be judged of by the
next Congress ; then this whole reconstruction
must be reopened, and wo go to the country
with the fact that we have settled nothing in
thi^ reconstruction business. Besides that, we
shall have usurped one of the highest powers
known to the Government—higher than any
power that has ever yet been claimed by the
Congress of the United States; we will have
usurped the power of construing the constitu-
tion of a sovereign State, after she has become
one m the Union, by saying what she shall or
shall not do, not for the protection of the indi-
vidual citizen, not for the protection of the
interests of the United Slates, but settled by
act of Congress when and how she shall hold
her elections.
If we can do that, then when any party may
get the majority in this House they may con-
strue the constitution of your State or of mine,
may direct, us when and how we shall hold our
elections for State officers, in what manner we
shall carry on our State government. And
when that shall be done all power will have
passed away from the States. I heard from
the other side most eloquent denunciations of
the bill for the enforcement of the fifteenth
amendment upon the ground that enforcement
interfered with the State government and State
elections. But the same gentlemen who made
that, argument aro about to vote solidly in favor
of the proposition to construe the constitution
of the sovereign State of Georgia.
_ Mr. HALDEMAN. Will the gentleman
yield to me for a question?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes.
Mr. 1IALDBMAN. I understood the gen-
tleman to say that there was no prominent man
in the State of Georgia except the treasurer
(Mr. Augier) who had brought accusations
against Governor Bullock.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Who had
filed charges against Governor Bullock: plenty
of accusations, but only one who had filed
charges before a committee.
Mr. HALDBMAN. Thatisbringingitdown
to a very fine point. I desire to say that there
is one Dr. Bard, appointed by President Grant
Governor of Idaho, who is now publishing a
paper in Atlanta, Georgia, and who has made
distinct charges against Governor Bullock.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. In his
newspaper, you mean?
Mr. HALDEMAN. No; in private and in
public ; and he resigned the office to which he
had been appointed by the President in order
to defend the people of Georgia against Bul-
lock.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. To that
I answer, iu the first place, that what private
charges Dr. Bard, the appointee of General
Grant, who left his place and came away from
it very soon, has made to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, I do not know. The public
charges in the newspapers I do know ; and
I pass them "as the idle wind." They are
of about the same weight as the charges
made against almost every gentleman on the
floor.
Mr. WOOD. I ask my colleague on the
committee [Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts,]
whether public charges of the gravest char-
acter have not been made by high officials of
the State against Governor Bullock ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. To that
I answer, no. Charges have been made and
filed before the investigating committee of the
Legislature of Georgia, and those charges have
amounted to nothing.
Mr. HALDEMAN. As much as the charges
of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Fauns-
worth] against the gentleman from Massachu-
setts.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If they
are as well disproved as those, I am entirely
content. Those charges have been disproved
to the satisfaction of every honorable mind.
Mr. Speaker, I have this misfortune, that when-
ever in fair argument I yield for a question
from any gentleman on the other side, I gen-
erally receive an insult. This is not a very
great encouragement to courtesy. But I grant
the gentleman the mercy of my silence.
Mr. Speaker, I propose that we shall now come
to a vote on this question. The first question that
presents itself is, shall we construe the consti-
tution of Georgia by legislative enactment and
order an election in that State. When that
question is settled, those who believe that the
fifteenth amendment has cut away all possible
necessity for the imposing of conditions upon
Georgia will vote for the amendment of my col-
league. Those who do not will vote for the
bill reported by the committee. I believe that
practically both.eome to the same thing. I now
call for the vote.
Delaware Breakwater.
REMARKS OF HON. B. T. BIGGS,
OF DELAWARE,
IX the IIoDKE of RePIIESEXTATIVES,
July 11, 1870,
On the bill (S. No. 883) to aid the Junction and Break-
water Railroad Company, in tho State of Dela-
ware. to construct, in connection with said road, a
pier in Delaware bay, at or near Lewes, in Sussex
county, State of Delaware.
Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I do not pro-
pose to detain the House but a few moments.
1 do not suppose if the merits of this bill were
fairly understood that it would receive any
opposition. The Committee on Appropriations
have, I believe, unanimously reported in its
favor, and the Secretary of the Treasury has
given it his approbation. Sir, the amount of
money asked for is very small in comparison
to the great advantages the commerce of the
country is to receive. Some thirty to forty
years ago, with half the wealth and population
of the nation at the present time, Congress
conceived it of sufficient national importance
to appropriate $60,000 for the erection of a
wooden pier or mole, as it was called, at Lewes,
Delaware, for the benefit of the coastwise and
foreign commerce of the country and the large
number of vessels even then repairing to it;
but notwithstanding it withstood the action of
the waves and the ravages of the worms quite
as long as any one expected, it has long since
