4424
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
ator from California tliat nearly one fourth
of all the consuls in this list were consuls to
the British possessions or to Great Britain.
That may be so; and in order that you may
have a consul to attend to all the business at
every proper place I insist upon it that the
proper plan is to reduce the list of consuls
general down to consuls. I shall therefore
move that all the consuls general named in
this schedule B accredited to countries where
we have diplomatic agents abroad be reduced
to consuls. That would embrace, in the first
place, the consul general at London, with a
salary of $6,000. I have no objection to
having a consul at London; and I do not pro-
pose, at least at this time, to quarrel with the
salary that is proposed. I simply propose to
call that man c. consul and not a consul gen-
eral. Then we have a consul general at Cal-
cutta, with a salary of $5,000. There I propose
the same thing. Then we have one at Mon-
treal, with a salary of $4,000. There I pro-
pose the same thing. Then we have one at
Paris, at a salary of $0,000. There I propose
the same thing.
Mr. SCHURZ. I suggest to the Senator
whether it would not be better to restrict his
motion so as not to include those places which
are separated by seas from the country where
we have ministers.
Mr. STOCKTON. We have a consul gen-
eral in Cuba, and yet everything in relation to
Cuban affairs is referred to Spain. We gain
nothing, it would seem, by a consul general at
Cuba. He has no relations with the Spanish
Government whatever. All matters diplomatic
must be referred to the parent Government.
And yet, Mr. President, I have so much re-
spect for the judgment of the Senator from
Missouri on this matter, knowing that he is
familiar with it, that if, in his opinion, it
would be better to restrict the motion, omitting
those colonies or dependencies which are sep-
arated by seas from the countries where we
have ministers accredited, I will modify my
motion in that way.
Mr. SCHURZ. I wish to make another
suggestion to the Senator from New J ersey 
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator will par-
don me, we have reduced nearly every one of
those consuls general at London, Havre, and
these other places, from $7,500 or $7,000 to
$6,000 already in this bill.
Mr. STOCKTON. The chairman of the
Committee must have been out of the Cham-
ber, and could not have heard the remarks I
made on this point. X stated that I was not
at present proposing to reduce the salaries,
but only wished to have these officers called
consuls and not consuls general, so as to have
no diplomatic relations to interfere with our
ministers abroad, and no unnecessary and con-
flicting foreign agents to entail upon us use-
less expense, and present, perhaps, a divided
front.
Mr. CHANDLER. We have always had
consuls general. We have not created any
new ones except the one at Berlin. The office
of consul general has always existed precisely
as it is now in this bill. It is a time-honored
custom, and deemed by the Department to be
a good one.
Mr. STOCKTON. My impression is that
the Senator is mistaken, although it is with
great diffidence that I make that assertion in
relation to a matter peculiarly in his depart-
ment. We had a consul general in Egypi, but
Ave never had a minister there; and so a con-
sul general was sent to the Florentine Govern-
ment two administrations ago. That Govern-
ment subsequently became merged in the
Government of Italy, and I suppose it prob-
able that we still have a consul general there.
Consul generalships grew up in this country
as they grew up in Europe, as you will find
stated in all diplomatic works. They were
accredited to countries where there were no
ministers, and never appointed for any other
purpose or under other circumstances. I think
it very likely that the chairman of the commit-
tee is right as to those created recently. In
order to make distinguished offices for distin-
guished individuals, one party or the other in
the country has gone forward and called these
officers consuls general, because there were
no missions vacant at the time to supply the
demand. That is the way this system has
grown up.
Mr. SCHURZ-. I was going to make a sug-
gestion to my friend from New J ersey, and it is
this: I think in places where we have consuls
and ministers resident at the same time the
consuls might very well be dispensed with and
the ministers resident invested with consular
powers; and in that way we would do away
with a good many offices, and it would be a
real saving to the Government. The minis-
ters resident have for the most part nothing
particular to do, and they might just as well
take these consular functions upon themselves.
If the honorable Senator from New J ersey will
modify his amendment in that way I shall be
very glad to support it.
Mr. STOCKTON. I will so modify it With
the greatest pleasure. It is much better than
any motion of mine. I dare not step so high
as that, not belonging to the party in power.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New Jersey modifies his amendment in
accordance with the suggestion of the Senator
from Missouri.
Mr. SCHURZ. Our minister at London, our
minister at Berlin, and our minister at Paris
have very important matters to attend to, and
I do not think we should confer consular powers
upon them ; but I do think that at most of the
small Courts where we keep ministers resident
and at the same time consuls the consular func-
tions might be conferred upon the ministers
resident and those consuls dispensed with; for
instance, at Copenhagen, at Stockholm, and at
Constantinople.
Mr. STOCKTON. I will amend the motion,
with the consent of the Senator from Missouri,
in this way: that all the consuls general where
there are diplomatic agents appointed by the
Government 
Mr. SCHURZ. Ministers resident.
Mr. STOCKTON. No. I beg the Senator
to listen to me. I propose that we reduce the
rank of consul general to consul without change
of salary, and that where there are ministers
resident the consuls be discontinued and the
consular functions bo conferred upon the min-
isters resident.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from New Jersey move to strike out the appro-
priations for consuls general and consuls both,
or consuls general only?
Mr. STOCKTON. I desire simply to strike
out the appropriations for consuls general
entirely, and to place them all in the other
schedule, under the class of consuls, without
changing their salaries; and that where we have
ministers resident at Courts the appropriations
for consuls be dispensed with, and the con-
sular power be conferred oil the ministers
resident
Mr. CORBETT. The duty ofaconsulis one
thing, the duty of a minister resident auother.
The duty of a consul is to certify as to the value
of goods. You send a merchant abroad who
knows something about the value of goods to
act as consul and to certify as to the value of
those goods. Is it expected to send a merchant
abroad to make him a minister, with diplomatic
functions, and at the same time expect him to
be able to testify as to the value of goods?
The functions of these officers are entirely sep-
arate and distinct. We have endeavored to
keep them separate and distinct. Consuls are
appointed for one purpose, ministers resident
for another. The Committee on Commerce
have considered this bill thoroughly; it has
been before us for a long time, and I do not
think these amendments should be adopted.
I hope they will not be adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from New
Jersey.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as
amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring in the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole. Shall the question
be taken on all the amendments collectively or
separately ?
Mr. SUMNER. I askthat the amendment
reducing the salary of the consul general at
Shanghai be excepted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amende
ment- will be reserved. The question is on
concurring in the other amendments, made as
in Committee of the Wholfe.
The amendments were concurred in.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to know whether
it would be in order to offer any amendments,
and if so, what amendments, to the bill after it
has come into the Senate ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. • It will be open
to amendment precisely as it was in Commit-
tee of the Whole after this amendment is dis-
posed of in regard to the consul at Shanghai,
which the Senator from Massachusetts reserved.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the bill will be left
in that respect as it was reported from the com-
mittee on the recommendation of the Depart-
ment. That is all I want to say.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring in the amendment, made as in
Committee of the Whole, striking out "$6,000"
and inserting £ 4 $5,000" as the salary of the
consul general at Shanghai.
Mr. CASSERLY. Is that amendment debat-
able?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator will give
way I will move to pass over the bill. It is
evident that it will lead to long debate and
prevent me from passing other bills. I have
other bills that I must pass to-day.
Mr. SPENCER. This is a very important
bill, and I think we can dispose of it in a few
minutes, if the chairman will have patience.
Mr. CASSERLY. Ifthe Senatorfrom Mich-
igan is serious in that request, of course I yield.
Mr. CHANDLER. I would rather that it
should go over and let us take up some other
hill.
Mr. HAMLIN. I hope it will not be laid
over.
Mr. NYE. This is simply a question of
$1,000, and I think wc can act upon it very
speedily.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Michigan insists on his motion it is not
debatable. Docs the Senator insist on the
motion?
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir; I withdraw it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
California is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CASSERLY. Since the Senator from
Michigan made the point that the consuls in
China cannot live on $3,000, I have reflected
somewhat on that subject, and I am entirely
satisfied that there can be no information in the
Senate that warrants the idea advanced by that
Senator. China is by no means a dear country
to live in. Service, labor of any kind, which
elsewhere figures considerably in the expenses
of living, is there almost an immaterial ele-
ment ; and I know of no respect in which it
can be said that there is any peculiar costliness
of living for our consular representatives in
China. Indeed I am surprised to hear it sug-
gested that consuls at the different places men-
tioned on page 8 of the biil should not have
their large salaries reduced because they could
not live, as the Senator from Michigan says,
upon $3,000.
So far as this salary of the consul at Shang-
hai is concerned, I have very little disposition
to contend with the Senate on the subject. 1
think the salary as staled in the bill of the
committee is an excessive one. It amounts,
i if reduced to the same kind of money in which
