1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4425
you, sir, are paid, to nearly seven thousand
dollars, that being the difference between paper
and gold. It seems to me that such a salary
as that is more than a consul should receive
at a port like Shanghai. It will be kept in
mind, of course, that we have a large number
of officers of the same kind in the same coun-
try at different places.
I should be glad to get the attention of Sen-
ators to this point, which I have brought for-
ward as a matter of public duty, and because,
in my judgment, this whole bill is objection-
able in two points: first, that it has too many
of these officers: and secondly, that the total
expense entailed upon the country by the bill
is too large. I think the number of these
officers might readily be reduced twenty-five
per cent., and then leaving the salaries at the
ligures fixed by the committee, the country
would be as well, if not better, served. I think
the idea that by multiplying officers you get a
better public service is the most erroneous idea
that can be conceived of. A few good officers,
properly sustained by their Government, prop-
erly compensated, are really what you want in
those places abroad. A great swarm of men
put in here and there, because they are the
favorites of somebody who has power, either
in Congress or out of it, is in point of policy
the greatest possible blunder in Government.
It seems to me that is the vice of this bill from
the beginning to the end of it. I hope the
amendment will be concurred in.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the amendment
made in Committee of the Whole will be sus-
tained by the Senate. I think it is right. I voted
for it before, and I hope it will be adopted.
Mr. SUMNER. Ithinkit is a mistake, and
I am for following the Deoartment of State.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from California still retain the floor?
Mr. CASSERLY. I have no objection to
the icmarks of the two gentlemen 011 the other
side of the Chamber. I am glad to be sus-
tained by the chairman of the Committee on
Commerce, and I hope, for the sake of princi-
ple, if nothing more, the amendment as made
in Committee of the Whole will be sustained.
The YICE PRESIDENT. The question is
011 concurring in the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole.
The amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and was read the third time,
and passed.
WISCONSIN AND FOX RIVEItS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. 947.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. <J47)_for the improve-
ment of water communication between the
Mississippi river and Lake Michigan, by the
Wisconsin and Fox rivers.
The bill authorizes the Secretary of \>ar to
adopt for the improvement of the Wisconsin
liver the plan recommended by the chief of the
Bureau of Engineers. It also authorizes the
Secretary aforesaid to ascertain at any time lie
shall deem proper within three years from the
pas-:age of this act the sum which oughtJu
justice to be paid to the Green Bu3^and Mis-
sissippi Canal Company, a corporation exist-
ing under the laws of \Viscousm, as an equi\-
alent for the transfer of all and singular its
property and rights of property in and to the
line of water couiniuniciUiou between the Wis-
cousin river and the mouth of Fox river, in-
eluding its locks, dams, canals, ana francnises,
or so much of them as shall, in the judgment
of the Secretary, be needed; and to that end
he is authorized to join with the company m
appointing a board of disinterested and impar-
tial arbitrators, one of whom is to be selected
by the Secretary, another by the company, and
the third by the two arbitrators so selected.
The Secretary is also authorized to employ a
competent agent or attorney to represent the
interests of the United States upon the hear-
ing before such board.
No money is to be expended on the work
contemplated in this bill until the Green Bay
and Mississippi Canal Company make and file
with the Secretary of War an agreement in
writing, whereby it shall agree to grant and
convey to the United States the property and
franchises mentioned in the foregoing section,
in case Congress shall elect to take them upon
the terms awarded by the arbitration therein
provided for ; such election to be made at the
session of Congress during which the award is
made, or if the award is made in vacation, at
the session of Congress next following there-
after, and shall pay the amount of the same.
All tolls and revenues derived from the im-
provements made or acquired under the pro-
visions of this act, after providing for the cur-
rent expenses of operating and keeping them
in repair, are to be paid into the Treasury of
the United States, and whenever the United
States shall be reimbursed for all sums ad-
vanced for them with interest then the tolls
are to be reduced to the least sum wliich, to-
gether with other revenues properly applicable
thereto, if any, shall be sufficient to operate
and keep the improvements in repair. The
Seeretaiy of War is annually to report, to Con-
gress the progress made in the completion ot
the improvements, the amount expended there-
on, the amount, if any, required for the suc-
ceeding fiscal year, and the amount of revenue
derived therefrom.
The Committee on Commerce reported the
bill with amendments.
The first amendment was in section one,
line five, after the word " improvement," to
insert the words '■ of the navigation in line
six, to strike out the word "the" and insert
the word ''such" before the word "plan,"
and after the word " plan " to insert the words
"as maybe," so that the section will read:
The Secretary of War is hereby authorized to
adopt for til e improvement of the navigation ot tho
Wisconsin river such plan as may be recommended
by the chief of tile Bureau of Engineers,
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two,
after line fifteen, to insert the following: ^
And in determining the sum which may be justly
paid to said company the arbitrators shaft take into
consideration tho amount ot money and thovtuuo
of other property which said company lias received
for lands ceded by the United States for tucunprove-
ment ot the ivithin-uamed rivers, and tho value ot
any such lands now owned by the company, and sha.l
make report of their doings and of tho surn which
may bejustly paid said company, one copy otwhich
shall be tiansraitted by them to the Secretary ol^W al-
and ono copy to the secretary of the aforesaid t recn
Bay and Mississippi Canal Company.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section three,
lino six, after the word "section," to strike
out the following words :
In caso Congress shall elect to take the same upon
the terms awarded by the arbitration therein pro-
vided for, such election to bo made at tho session of
Congress durinpr which tho award is made, or it tho
award is made m vacation, at the session of Congress
I next following theica,Uer, and shall pay the amount
i of the same.
' And to insert in lieu tnereof:
Unon the terms awarded by tho arbitrators. It is
hereby made the duty of the Secretary of War to
transmit to Con?re?s acopy o; trie report of tho ailn
trators, upon which Congress may, at jt,licn present
session, elect to take sucn property upon matins an
appropriation to pay the amount awarded: Provided,
That if tho Secretary of War thai not transmu to
CcnTc^s a copy of tho report ot tho arbitrator®! at
least sixty days before the close of its session Con-
gress m?y, fit its next session, uiuko such election ana
appropriation.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN. I should like to have some
explanation of this bill. I have an impies*
sioa—it may be an erroneous one—that Con-
gress has made appropriations for this improve-
ment, in land if not in money, perhaps in both,
heretofore. I hope the chairman of the com-
mittee, or one of the Senators from Wisconsin,
will tell us exactly how that matter is, and
what the necessity is for passing this bill-
Mr. CHANDLER. This bill makes no
appropriation of money; but it directs the
Secretary of War to ascertain on what terms
and conditions the Pox River Improvement
Company's improvements may bo given over
to tho United States. That is all. There is
no appropriation in it. It simply authorizes
the Secretary of War to make an investigation.
The Senators from Iowa, Wisconsin, and Min-
nesota are all very anxious for its passage, and
I hope the Senator from Ohio will not object.
It does not intimate the appropriation of a
dollar until Congress shall have acted upon
tlie information asked for.
Mr. THURMAN. It certainly has an impli-
cation that looks very much like paying some-
thing. The second section begins as follows:
That tho Secretary aforesaid is hereby author-
ized to ascertain at any time he shall deem proper
within three years from tho passage of this act the
sum which outfit. in justieo to be paid to tho Green
Bay and Mississippi C.mal Company, a corporation
existing under tho laws of Wisconsin, as an equiv-
alent for tho transfer of all and singular its property
and rights of property in and to the lino of wator
communication between tho Wisconsin liver afore-
said and tiio mouth of fox river.
Mr. CHANDLER. Will the Senator pardon
me right there? Although this is a corpora-
tion under the laws of Wisconsin, Congress
has from time to time made grants of land to
aid in that work, and the object is to ascertain
whether this corporation has expended any
more than it has received from tho United
States, and whether it has any rights there that
ought to be compensated for.
Mr. THURMAN. As I said, I was in the
dark. I said that if I was not mistakenthere
had been lands granted to the State of Wiscon-
sin for this purpose. Am I not right in that?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. THUliMAN. But it seems that here is
some corporation about which I know nothing;
and this bill goes on the principle that we are
to buy out that corporation. Why shall wo
buy it out?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I will merely say
that it seems very desirous to have the navi-
gation of tho Wisconsin and Fox rivers im-
proved. The traffic from the States beyond
that point is very great. The facilities for
transporting their products are not such as to
make the transportation as economical as is
desirable. For that reason it seems important
to improve tho navigation of those rivers. But
there is a canal company, as I understand,
organized under the legislation of Wisconsin,
that has done something toward opening the
channel for commerce on Fox river. For the
purpose of aiding that company tho State ol
Wisconsin has conveyed to it land that the
State had received from the Government of
tho United States. Now, there is a very serious
embarrassment to this Government by that
very corporation. The Committee on Com-
merce do not understand how they can prop-
erly aid a canal company, and^ yet they do
understand liow they can aid in deepening
the channel of a river. But though they should
like the channel of the Wisconsin river deep
enough to answer the purpose and transport the
production of the West, if it should becomea
mere l'eodur to this canal company, and this
canal company should hesitate to do what was
necessary to open the way so tnat this commu-
nication would be perfect, we should be exceed-
ingly embarrassed : and the object of this bill
islo authorize the Secretary of War to ascer-
tain whether it will be advisable for that com-
pany to relinquish its rights upon some just
terms to the General Government, and whether
it will be advisable for the General Govern-
ment to accept those terms and then enter
upon a system, under the direction of the corps
of engineers, which shall improve navigation
there and make it an advantage both to the
East and to the West.
Mr. THURMAN. It seems, then, that the
object of this is that the United States shall
buy a canal in the State of Wisconsin. I know
of no reason why the United States should own
