1809.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
281
sovereignty which the- people have conferred
upon the Legislature of the State of Georgia ?
The provisions of this section are to be en-
foreed-atthe £oiat of the bayonet. It matters
very little whether the adoption or ratification
of the fifteenth amendment is to be so enforced
or not. It is not pretended that the fifteenth
amendment can be enforced or that it is bind-
ing upon the other States as a constitutional
amendment until it shall be ratified -by the
requisite three fourths; but in Georgia, by the
sixth section of this bill, which is to be enforced
by the Army and Navy, the provision is to
be operative as a congressional enactment.
Thus the Army and Navy are to be used to
enforce in the State of Georgia an unconsti-
tutional act; and this, too, upon men who by
the same act are to swear to support the Con-
stitution of the United States. Can reckless
and unauthorized power go further-
In order to make binding upon the several
States the fifteenth amendment it is necessary
that the State of Georgia should ratify it. But
it may be forced upon her without the Consti-
tution being amended, without, its being rati-
fied, simply as an-act of Congress. It is made
binding upon the other States by the ratifica-
tion of the States upon Georgia by the sword I
This is the consistency of this Congress ; and
this is the condition upon which Georgia is
again to be represented on this floor and in the
Senate: she must swallow all these provisions
or remain unrepresented.
Mr. Speaker, for myself I now and here de-
clare I hope the:people of Georgia will never
accept that alternative.. I knowwell they will
not unless they feel themselves forced to do it.
1 would not myself consent to have that fif-
teenth amendment thus forced upon the State
of Wisconsin and the other States of the- Union
if by any power of mine I could prevent it.
I tell you, Mr. Speaker, and tell this House,
that unless the people and States do resist the
enforcementof that amendment by such means
as this bill provides, and resist it successfully,
the Constitution and the liberties of this people
are destroyed; the Republic is not worth
saving; republican government in this country
is a sham, a delusion, and a snare.
This bill establishes slavery in the State of
Georgia; it-destroys republican government
there; it overthrows all the republican insti-
tutions of the State ; it turns the State out of
the Union; it sets up in place of the republican
government of the State a most heartless and
grinding despotism; it, as a precedent, men-
aces and jeopardizes every State in the Union;
it destroys the Union itself, and is another fear-
ful stride toward a consolidated, centralized
despotism.
I do not; I will not believe the people of this
country will submit and suffer their liberties
thus to be taken from them. They have already
borne much-and more than I would have
believed. Congress is fast absorbing all the
powers of this Government; and not of the
Federal Government only, butthegovernments
of the States. If not checked in its mad career
one by one it will dismantle the States and
invest itself with all the governmental powers
of the Republic. Already it has awed the
President into submission to its dictation by
preventing his exercise of the executive powers
except in subordination to its will. The Su-
preme Court, too, has fallen under its ban ; its
jurisdiction is invaded, hedged about and soon
to be virtually destroyed. During this discussion
it has been treated with contempt; stigmatized
by gentlemen as old and superannuated. The
next advance will be the House of Representa-
tives upon the Senate. More than once has it
been threatened on this floor. The Senate,
unconscious perhaps of the mutterings which
we are hearing, is aiding the House in accom-
plishing its overthrow. But, as sure as time
rolls round, the other coordinate branches
of the Government disposed of, the popular
branch, as it is called, the House of Repre-
sentatives, will commence to aggrandize itself
by the overthrow of the Senate of the United
States.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COX. I know very well, Mr. Speaker,
that it is impossible for this side of the House to
make any impression as to the final Tesult upon
this bill. Our speaking would be very much
like milking a he-goat in a sieve. [Laughter.]
1 do not presume to undertake to change the
result of the final vote in this matter by any
words of mine, especially as we are so limited
in time. I deem it to be our duty, however, to
place our objections to this monstrous bill upon
record.
The title of this bill, " to promote the recon-
struction of the State of Georgia," is a sole-
cism. If Georgia is a State the bill is a usurp-
ation ; if Georgia is not a State the bill should
be an enabling act for her admission. If she
is a State already she is already constructed,
and it cannot be done again; if she is not a
State the bill is absurd, for she has no Legis-
lature to meet, take oaths, commit perjury, be
reorganized, exclude or admit members, or
ratify amendments to the Federal Constitution.
Not alone the title, but the measure is incon-
gruous. It has no justification, unless by an
■illogical appeal to the passions and prejudices
of members. All legislation thus founded is
intrinsically vicious.
It is now nearly five years since General
Grant assisted in the "whitewashing" report.
He declared the South to be content and fit for
representation. Ho told the truth._ I will not
inquire what has made the change in his opin-
ion. My friend from Indiana [Mr. Vookhees]
has done that. Now in his message (and the
only part applauded here) the President con-
gratulates us upon the '' closing of the work of
reconstruction," by the proceedings in Missis-
sippi, Texas, and Virginia to be crowned by
congressional approbation, yet in a previous
paragraph he advocates the undoing of the work
in Georgia. While putting on the roof lie
undermines the foundation. The work, if kept
up at this rate, will take as much time as the
wanderings of Ulysses of the Odyssey, and the
modus operandi is very like the work of
Ulysses' wife, who unraveled by night what her
hands did by day, waiting for the advent of her
lord by a very silly waste of time and labor.
This high-handed proceeding has no prece-
dent. It has nothing like a precedent. It is
an advance on Radical audacity. It transcends
all we thought possible to be attempted by that
party. Admitting all that Radicalism claimed
to have the power to do with recusant or alien
States, this bill is a reckless dash to the fore-
front of all their past advances in usurpations.
It has no possible parallel. For it there is no
palliation or excuse, unless it be excusable to
ruin the fabric of our polity.
According to the message Georgia has done
all that the reconstruction acts required. She
has ratified her constitution, elected officers.
The Governor and Legislature have been in-
stalled. The President says "she has done
all required by the reconstruction acts." Sub-
sequently "she unseated colored members,"
and, as is alleged, she admitted white members
who were not qualified. This is the extent of
her offending. For this she must be over-
turned ; for this she is to be returned to her
non-age ; for this the Navy and the Army, by
the seventh section, are to enforce the revolu-
tion ; for this she is to remain unrepresented
here until she conforms to the code of Congress
and make negro suffrage for New York and
the country; for this, and this only, the prece-
dent is set for all time that a State, recognized
as such eo nomine by every Department and by
Congress and by this bill, is to be suspended
of its functions, blotted out of the family, and
made the captive of the Federal power; for
this a precedent is set by which Congress can
do the same by other States whenever it pleases;
for this it may do the same, not by one or two
or ten States, but by as many as the remaining
United States after elimination by these pro
cesses may determine should be discarded; for
this the form and structure of the Government
is to be remodeled on centralized ideas, it
this be not worse than secession I do not un-
derstand it. It is the '1 gospel of anarchy and
the-philosophy Of dissolution. .
wks it for this the soldiers fought twenty-six
hundred-battles? Was it for this that aquarter of
a million-died ? Was it for this that the immense
war debt was made ? Mr. Welles tells us m his
last report (not' yet printed) that the war cost
us $9,000,000,000:1 This includes the receipts
during the war-arid since foi war debts, the
present debt less-cash on hand; the pensions,
capitalized, local debts and expenditures, and
the losses and expenditures of the confederate
States. These sacrifices of life; limb, and money
are the cost of the unfaithfulness of men to the
compact of the Union. It is $1,000,000,000 a
year for nine-years, or the wages at $500 per
year of two millions of men for bine years.
It is a burden whose immensity is incalculable,
for it is yet to be fully-felt. Its consideration
and compensation is to be found, Mr. Speaker,
in the establishment of a -principle and a pre-
cedent which allows a Federal Congress to dis-
band the States at its will and remand them to
the condition of vassals! - : - -
I listened to-'the gentleman from- Massachu-
setts [Mr. Butler] for the excuse or;reason for
this stupendous usurpation of power.- -'Surely it
must be a great and overruling reason to justify
such action. What is it? That the Legislature
of Georgia actually had practiced the ordinary
usage of jiarliamentary bodies ingrafted on
every constitution that they themselves should
be the judges of the qualification of their own
members. I know it is said that there has been
violence and- murder.in Georgia. A white sen-
ator was killed by a negro, for example; he was
awhite Radical, Senator Ashburn, killed-iu a
house nameless by me. Doubtless-so lougas bad
government continues in Georgia under Federal
intervention, social unrest, and military repres-
sion there will be crime. So there lias been
violence and crime in other States, and will
be to the end of time; but who is to judge
of its penalties? What has the Federal Con-
gress to do with it? Where is the power under
our system to deal with such violence by Federal
action? Where in this is the reason of a
sweeping law destroying the institutions of a
whole people for the delinquency or crime of a
few? We overturn not alone the Legislature,
but invalidate its acts, destroy its courts, af-
fect its judicial judgments, divorce marriages,
bastardize children, uproot and overturn all
the social with the political order ; and all for
what? A bad white senator of Radical politics
is killed by a negro! This is reconstruction,
and the bill "promotes" thisl
Suppose there are a majority of the people
of Georgia "-disloyal" to-day; does-that fact
give the power to Congress ? - May "Congress
for this fact destroy their institutions ? We are
not in a state of war, or if we are it is not a
war between alien enemies. If it is a war still
between a portion of the people in insurrection
and the General Government, what of the rights
of the faithful minority not in insurgency ? No
purpose however good, no punishment how-
ever- rigorous, should mislead us. In seeking
to reconstruct or redestroy Georgia by this bill
we become the violators and rebels whom we
seek to subdue or punish.
I listened to the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Butler] for the justification of this
bill under our form of government. He used
two kinds of fallacies; theargumentumadpop-
mum, which appeals to the passion and preju
dicesof the multitude; and the argwnientumad
mtsencodiam, to the sympathy of the hearer
or the wrongs of the Radicals and poor negroes
Ot Georgia. This may be all admitted, lie
may prove what no one denies. It does not
toilow, however, that because we disapprove
of this bill we approve of murder, or negro
exclusion from Legislatures, orsuffrage. There
is not an honest man on either side but may
