2538
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
mont. I really hope that the bill may be pro-
ceeded with. It is one of great importance ;
of great importance not only to the company,
but to the country generally. I hope the Sen-
ate will proceed with its discussion and con-
sideration and finish it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Thegreatmistake, I think,
that the Senate makes in the transaction of its
business is in its laying aside a matter after it
is partly considered to take up another. It
certainly leads—human nature is so consti-
tuted—to constant repetition of the same de-
bates that we have had upon the matter when it
was previously before us; and in the way we do
business it is almost necessary that it should,
because many Senators happen to be present
at one time who are not at another, and if
bill goes over the point is forgotten and it has
to be restated. We shall save a vast deal of
time, I think everybody will agree, if when we
take up a measure of any consequence, where
we are willing to consider it at all, we stick to
it steadily until it is done with, and having dis-
posed of it it will be out of the way, and we
can consider something else. I make this sug-
gestion in the hope that the regular order may
be stuek to until it is disposed of, and we can
then take up the appropriation bill and stick to
that until it is disposed of.
Mr. HARLAN. I think it would be quite
as well to take up the appropriation bill and
dispose of it. I shall hope to be able to show
in the course of an hour or two to the satis-
faction of the Senator from Vermont that the
public are not interested in the passage of the
bill that the Senator from Maine proposes to
postpone; that there is no interest tobe secured
whatever except the interest of certain indi-
viduals who want a larger subsidy than they
can now secure under the existing law. They
can begin their work under the existing law ;
they can mortgage all the interest they have or
ought to have under the existing law. Being
enabled to commence the work and to proceed
with it, and they having a subsidy in lauds
larger than any other company in the country
ever received before, it seems to me nobody
will suffer by its postponement except it be
these individual persons. I hope tobe able to
show that in the course of a couple of hours,
and if I should succeed in that I shall show
to the satisfaction of the Senate, of course, that
the bill ought not to pass at all. The public
interests require that it should be defeated ;
and if I am right in this conclusion, which 1
hope to be able to arrive at, it doubtless would
be better to take up the appropriation bill and
go on with it now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then we ought to table
(bis bill or finish it in some way, and get it out
of the way.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
ou the motion of the Senator from Maine, that
the present and all other orders be postponed
for the purpose of taking up the executive,
legislative, and judicial appropriation bill.
The motion was not agreed to ; there being,
on a division—ayes 15, noes 25.
cleveland water-works.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Iowa will rcaume the floor on the Northern
Pacific railroad bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the indulgence of
my friend again. The bill that I referred to
simply authorizes the people of Cleveland to
pump the waters of Lake Erie, to build a crib
out in the lake, as has been done in Chicago :
and the water-works cannot be commenced
until this is done. The Representative of the
Cleveland district is here earnestly pressing it
and requesting me io call attention to it. I
hope the Senate will allow it to be passed now.
Mr. HARLAN. I will yield long enough
to enable the Senator to test the judgment of
the Senate.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 001) declaring the
consent of Congress to the erection of a crib
in Lake Brie by the city of Cleveland, Ohio,
for the protection of an inlet for a water-works
tunnel about to be constructed by said city.
It proposes to give the consent of Congress to
the city of Cleveland, in the county of Cuya-
hoga and State of Ohio, to erect and maintain
in Lake Erie, at such distance from the shore
as may be necessary, a crib for the protection
of an inlet shaft for an under-lake water-works
tunnel about to be constructed for the purpose
of supplying the city with pure water; but the
crib is to be furnished with a beacon light,
which beacon-light is to be kept lighted at all
such seasons and hours as the light o.n the pier
at the ^entrance of Cuyahoga river.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
fort smith and If out riley railroad.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Iowa yield?
Mr. HARLAN. I will hear the Senator's
purpose.
Mr. NYE. I desire to call up the little reso-
lution that was under consideration the other
morning, and if the Senator from Iowa has no
objection to it I presume 110 one else has.
Mr. HARLAN. I am not sure that I know
what measure the honorable Seuator refers to.
Mr. NYE. It is the joint resolution in rela-
tion to changing those three words in a former
act.
ilr. POMEROY. I will remark to the hon-
orable Seuator from Iowa that since the res-
olution was up the other day I have ascertained
that the construction of the Department is that
it convoys nothing but the lauds necessary for
the railroad; that is, the right of way and
depot grounds and turn-tracks; that there is
no concession of a grant otherwise than what
is necessary for the road; and that being the
construction of the Department,, made by Mr.
Browning, I presume the objection of the Sen-
ator from Iowa is removed.
Mr. IIARLAN. With the Senator's explan-
ation I should not object to the passage of
his resolution; but I am not sure that I should
be treating the chairman of the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad fairly if I were to yield
from time to time in this way.
Mr. POMEROY. The regular order can be
laid aside informally.
Mr. NYE. If there is any other Senator
that has any objection to this measure aside
from the honorable Senator from Iowa I shall
not press it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The chairman
of the committee has the right to object him-
self, as every other Senator has. It requires
unanimous consent.
Mr. POMEROY. It will take but a mo-
ment. I believe there is no objection to it now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It can bo taken
up by unanimous conscnt, subject to a demand
for the regular order.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the joint resolution (S. R. No.
129) to correctly enroll section ten of an act
entitled "An act granting lands to the State of
Kansas to aid in the construction of a southern
branch of the Union Pacific railway and tele-
graph from Fort Riley, Kansas, to Fort Smith,
Arkansas."
Mr. POMEROY. The resolution has been
read. The first sentence of the title should be
changed so as to read, "a joint resolution to
amend section ten of an act," &c., instead of
"a joint resolution to correctly enroll section
ten." It is too late to correctly enroll it now.
The same correction should be made in line
three of the resolution, by striking out the
words "correctly enrolled" and inserting
"amended." I submit the motion, first, to
make the correction in the resolution itself.
Mr. CONKLING. How does it rtad now I
The Secretary. The resolution, if amended
as proposed, will read:
He it resolved, &e„ That said section bo amended
by adding the words "of the President" after the
word " approval" in said section.
Mr. THURMAN. Is that the resolution that
was called up by the Senator from Nevada the
other day ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. POMEROY. I have just referred the
Senator from Iowa, who objected to the reso-
lution the other day, to the decision of the
Department that that clause only embraces the
power to give a right of way and depot grounds,
subject to the approval of the President of the
United States. The language is "lands neces-
sary for railroad purposes," and it is limited,
as I have stated.
Mr. NYE. It has nothing to do with the
grant at all.
Mr. THURMAN. As I understand it, the
act as it now stands requires the consent of
Congress, and it is proposed to amend that so
as to require only the assent of the President
of the United States. Am I right?
Mr. NYE. It is just precisely what every
other act is in relation to the same thing.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator does not
answer my question. As the act now exists
and is published it requires the assent of the
Government, does it not?
Mr. NYE. Yes.
Mr. THURMAN. And this is a proposi-
tion to require the assent of the President
only ?
Mr. NYE. This is a proposition to make
the act read precisely as it was passed.
Mr. THURMAN. I understand it is to
require the assent of the President alone ?
Mr. NYE. That is it.
Mr. THURMAN. Now, Mr. President 
Mr. NYE. If the honorable Senator is going
to debate the resolution, I feel bound by my
pledge to the Senator from Michigan to with-,
draw its consideration.
Mr. THURMAN. I am not going to debate
it. If it is limited to the right of way only and
contains no land grant at all of course I have
no objection to it.
Mr. NYE. I will inform the honorable Sen-
ator that that is the construction which the
Department itself has given to it.
Mr. THURMAN. 1 should have no objec-
tion at all to the act being amended ; but I do
maintain that you cannot by a resolution now
alter the enrollment, of a bill which was passed
by a previous Congress.
Mr. POMEROY. I have corrected that
phraseology in the amendment I offered, so
as to make it read "to amend an act entitled
an act," &c.
Mr. CASSERLY. Let the Clerk report the -
joint resolution.
The Secretary read as follows :
lie it resolved, dr.. That said scetion be amended
by adding the words "ot the President" after the
word ''approval" in said section.
Mr. CASSERLY. In what act?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the preamble which recites the act.
The Secretary read the preamble, as follows:
Whcrens _tho tenth section of the act passed July
ioGO, entitled "An act, granting lands to the Stato
was incorrectly enrolled by the omission of the
words of the 1'resident" after the word "approval"
in fcaul eeclion, as oppears in the engrossed copy in
lno records ol the Senate: Therefore.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think there must be
sonie mistake in supposing that this merely
atlects the question of the right of way, be-
cause I have j.ho_ section here before me, and
I will read it, if the 8 enaior will be good
enough to give me hm attention :
"And he it further enacted. That said Pacific Rail-
road. loD)p;my, southern blanch, its successors and
j-hali have tlio right to negotiate with and
acrjiurc titln to land for railroad purposes from any
i'i'ihin nation or iube iiuthoiizcd by the United
• to ot lands, and from anyother nation
