282
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
join the gentleman in his horror of outrages
and his desire to remedy tbem, and yet vote
against this bill.
It must be justified, then, on better grounds
than the commission of crime, and the appeals
to prejudice and passion. Nor will it do to
say thatthe reconstruction acts were violated,
and therefore that Georgia must be remitted
to her old condition of vassalage. I challenge
any one to show a syllable in the reconstruc-
tion acts or amendments where Congress
required of Georgia to admit negro legislators.
Point it out! I may be mistaken in this.
Mr. WOODWARD. You are right.
Mr. COX. My respected friend from Penn-
sylvania assures me I am right. I challenge
any one to show that Congress reserved the
right to reject Georgia for the violence or
crimes of some of its citizens. Point out the
condition! Negro office-holding is not one of
the conditions. Negro suffrage may be; that
was conceded to the negroes. The Georgians
went far to conciliate you, gentlemen. They
passed a resolution offering to submit the ne-
gro office-holding question to the courts, Rad-
ical courts, and the Radical Governor vetoed
it. Besides there is no necessary connection
between legislative offices and suffrage. Be-
cause negroes voted in Georgia it did not fol-
low they were qualified by law or education for
legislators; and if it were so, there is no
power here to supervise that possessed by each
branch of a Legislature over the qualifications
of its own members.
How, then, is this bill justified ?
1. By the war power?
I know Mr. Attorney General Hoar has de-
cided recently in Weaver's case that Texas was
in a state of war. I know, too, that in this he
is overruled by the Supreme Court. This bill
does not recognize a state of war in Georgia;
and such is not the fact. The Governor may,
however, by this bill call on the President for
troops and create war. In this connection the
character of this Governor Bullock becomes
pertinent and important. I would not, from
what I hear, trust him with war powers, nor
with the lives and liberties of the people of
Georgia when the bayonet is at his call. What
a spectacle have we here? This Governor of
a sovereign State creeping about our Halls to
beg Congress to kick his State, his trust, his
charge, out of the Union and into anarchy and
war. lie asks that he may be allowed to
jeopard all that is dear in home rights. Very
beautiful the spectacle when it transpires that
this Governor, who seeks thus to degrade his
State to a colonial, territorial, or subjugated
condition, is himself charged with malversation
in office as to funds, &~c., and is here seeking
to escapo impeachment by changing the organ-
ism of the State and the character of the jury
who may try him ! Bettersuch a gubernatorial
Bullock were brought to the slaughter than the
State. _
But it maybe the only reason to be given for
this bill that Georgia is at war. At war with
whom ; with the United States; with Con-
gress? What is the casus belli f The expul-
sion of a few negroes and the admission of a
few white men disqualified. Absurd! Yet
this is by far the strongest ground, where all
the grounds are specious, for this bill. The
bill regards all the people of Georgia as pris-
oners of war, paroled or flagrant. It disposes
of their domestic rights as if they were con-
quered and the United States Congress their
conquerors. Better at once adopt the sugges-
tion of a Radical Senator, and insert a clause
commanding the military to put Georgia and
the amendment "through."
2. It is justified on the ground that this bill
is an enabling act for a new State. Did Georgia
ever lose her statehood by secession? No.
But if she did, and there is any vigor in the
reconstruction acts, she was reestablished. She
made a new constitution. It was coddled to
suit the command and genius of Congress. Her
Representatives were here under it in the last
House. The State was counted in the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution. She
was regarded for the highest purpose of a State
as in the Union, the peer of the proudest of
the States.
8. But it is said this is a procedure under the
clause of the Constitution guarantying a "re-
publican form." Well, what is meant by that;
does any one deny that Georgia has not a
republican form of government ? Perhaps^ the
gentleman means to guaranty a Republican
party to Georgia. Come, come; be honest, and
say so. Unless gentlemen on the other side
have made an oligarchy or monarchy, or some
form other than republican, by their own pet
reconstruction acts, then has Georgia that
republican form already. Did it change that
form for her Legislature to judge, each branch
for itself, of the qualifications of its members?
Then is every State including the Federal Gov-
ernment other than republican. If it is not
republican in form to ostracise menfor "color,
race, or previous condition," and if this pre-
vails in Georgia to her undoing, it prevails to
some extent in Republican Massachusetts. Are
not white men refused votes there and refused
seats in the Legislature of Massachusetts unless
they reside six months in the State, pay a cer-
tain tax, can read a line in the Constitution,
and write their own names? Are not citizens;
inhabitants of Massachusetts, debarred from
being legislators in that State unless they are
long residents; representatives, how long I
know not, but senators five years? Their con-
dition of servitude is just the length of time
required for the alien to be a voter.* If Massa-
chusetts be not republican, what is to become
of us; what shall we speak and how shall we
sing of the Pilgrim fathers?
Will you make Georgia more republican by
this bill; is it any evidence of republicanism
that you compel Georgia to adopt an amend-
ment against her will and in harmony with
yours; is it republican to override the popular
or State volition ? That brings me to the main
feature and object of this measure.
I will not go over the ground so ably occu-
pied by others to show the futility of such a
ukase to Georgia as this which commands her
to adopt the fifteenth amendment. No wonder
bills are introduced to reconstruct the United
States Supreme Court as to its personnel and
its functions. In view of such legislation as
this it would be well not to weigh these polit-
ical questions in the judicial scales of deliber-
ation. A tribunal so calm as the Supreme
Court, aloof from the sudden, partisan pulsa-
tions of this House and of the country, must
itself be ignored in order to enforce such a
measure of absurd and illegal duress. That
tribunal might declare the function of Congress
exhausted when it proposes amendments, and
it might declare the function to compel their
adoption to be audacious presumption. An
amendment adopted by the votes of States
who are forced to adopt it by threats of dis-
franchisement in Senate and House ; adopted
under duress of military espionage and repres-
sion, adopted under threats which you dare
not address or point at Ohio or New York, is
not worth the consideration of the Dogberrys
of the law. It is saying to other States—to
New York and Ohio, " We will make you take
negro suffrage; ay, and carry it out in your
States by ' appropriate legislationwe will
supervise by Federal police of our own your
elections and your Legislatures. We w ill do it;
*1 refer to a note furnished me by Mr. Dawes, the
member from Massachusetts, which truly states tho
qualifications of voter and legislator.
To be a voter in Massachusetts one must be twenty-
one years of age, and not a pauper or a person under
guardianship; must reside in the Stato a year and in
the town six months; pay a tax assessed within two
years, if not exempt from taxation: and shall be able
to read the Constitution in the English language and
wnlo his name. To be a member of the house one
must have been an inhabitant of the district for
which ho is chosen one year at least; and to be a
senator he must be an inhabitant of tho common-
wealth Jive years.
not just yet, by coercing you, for we dare not
do thjat, but with bayonet and threat upon
other States coerce others weaker than you
to vote the amendment which binds yon with
them." Will that stand? If it does, then du-
ress will validate contracts, and involuntary acts
are as responsible as voluntary. Under tho
old Turkish constitution the ulemas were per-
mitted to interpret the law, but if they inter-
preted it against the will of the Grand Seigrior
they were to be pounded to death in a mortar.
When this is done not only is the statehood
of Georgia gone, but that of New York also.
Their equality and dignity are gone. The
indissoluble is dissolved and the irrevocable is
revoked. Let gentlemen hesitate before they
take this leap from Niagara 1 I am sorry that
the gentleman [Mr. Bdtler] who reported
this bill has forgotten his old Democratic
teaching, which forbade the intervention of
the Federal Government in the domestic affairs
of the States. By such intervention dissolution
and anarchy are inevitable.
The contradictions of this bill are manifold
and manifest. Georgia is called a State; yet,
as the gentleman who represents my old dis-
trict in Ohio [Mr. Winass] said last night,
it is doubtful whether Georgia is in or out!
I doubt not his doubts are honest; but what
a commentary on your reconstruction acts!
You have madenot your consciences, but your
theories and plans as elastic as India-rubber.
You stretch it with your caprice, and you call
this statesmanship! Georgia is neither in nor
out. She requires a Csesarian operation. She
is neither dead nor alive ; dead for predatory
objects, alive for revenge and penalties; she
is in for negroes, not for whites. It is in for
judicial purposes, out for military; in for
taxes, out for representation! It is a State
full of prisoners of war under the benign reign
of the "peace" party. She is free to vote
if she votes the will of Congress! She has
a civil Governor who is ordered to call on a
military proconsul.
If she is a State Congress cannot coerce her; •
hence she must be something else ; and if that
something else, she cannot adopt the amend-
ment at all. All this is done under the cry of
peace, the breach of which is provoked by this
bill. The consummation of this "republican
form of government" is reached by threats of
ostracism unless the fifteenth amendment is
adopted. The popular will—the essence of
republicanism—is disregarded, to guaranty
not a republican but a despotic form of gov-
ernment. The whole system is abnormal, in-
congruous, imperfect, and malicious. It dances
on its head and thinks with its heels. It is a
mass of crude contradictions and grotesque in-
versions. But it will be done; it is foregone ;
Georgia is doomed. " It is easier," said an old
orator when urged to justify the murder of Geta
by Caracella, '' to commit than to justify a par-
ricide." Theclassics furnish a similar case of
reconstruction in the myth of the soceress who
cut up the body of her father and threw the
pieces-into lier diabolical caldron to renew
its youth ! The result was not satisfactory to
parent or child. This bill may be promotive
of reconstruction, but I fail to see it. It mav be
called such. Bottom's dream was so called
because it had no bottom.
In these divergences of opinion which we
may all tolerate in each other here and be hon-
est where shall we look for our guidance?
Where, if not to the supreme tribunal appointed
to decide such questions? Go to the United
States Court! In yonder old Senate Chamber
there sit the appointees of your President Lin-
coln in large majority. The Chief Justice 1ms
had similar questions before him, and the emu t
have authorized him to speak the fiat. Iu the
case of Texas vs. White and Chiles, 7 Wallace,
page 700, he has said:
'"The union of the States never was a purely arti-
ficial and arbitrary relation. It began among the
Colonies and grew out of common origin, mutual sym-
pathies, kindred principles, similar interests, and geo-
graphical relations. It was confirmed and strength-
