1594
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
will not now aid us to reduce our interest let
them take their money and try other invest-
ments if they will. I would not violate in
theslightest degree any promise made to them;
but the probable effect of this measure in
reducing their dividends does not excite my
sympathy, nor do I believe it will deprive us
of any of the banks or banking capital neces-
sary to the good of the people. Under this
system, as it will remain under this bill, it will
be the most remunerative and attractive invest-
ment for idle capital managed in the interest
of those not willing or able to manage it by
personal care.
And, sir, another beneficial effect of this
measure, if adopted, is that we will have a
financial policy. The broken threads made
by the revolutionary expedients of the war will
be tied again. Business men can know what
to rely upou. They will not have to look daily
to the Treasury Department for its bulletin of
the sale of gold or of bonds; they will not
have to depend upon an inflexible and arbi-
trary limit of an irredeemable currency which
is not measured in value either by gold or
bonds or anything, which is redeemable in
nothing but taxes, and the price of which may
at any time be affected by speculations; they
will not have to compete with the United States
in the money markets to borrow at an usurious
interest. No longer will there be doubts as to
the terms of our outstanding bonds. The
danger, I trust a remote one, of a political
party coining into power pledged to repudia-
tion will be put to rest. No one could raise
the (question of taxing a bond bearing so low a
rate as these, on which the taxes are so plainly
discounted and reserved in advance by the Uni-
ted States. The only wonder is that some such
measure as this was not adopted long ago. One
of the worst evils that sprung from the defec-
tion of Andrew Johnson was that the fierce
political struggles that arose from it rendered
it impossible sooner to consider and execute
any important financial measure.
As to the practicability of this measure, the
only doubt I have upon it rests upon the ability
of the Secretary of the Treasury to negotiate
a bond having a less rate of interest than five
per cent.; but as he is confident that he can I
urn willing that-be should try, and to give him
every aicTand power that will tend to make his
effort a success. If he succeeds he will de-
serve the higher credit. That he can fund the
debt at five per cent. I have not a donbt. If
he does better he will have the thanks of his
countrymen, and should receive from Congress
every aid and facility it is possible for us to
give him.
To the extent that these bonds are made the
basis of banking their sale is practicable and
just. Beyond that it will depend upon the
confidence of capitalists in the public faith, in
the development of our resources, and in the
willingness of our people to bear for a while
the burden of taxation. Nothing can aid so
much as strict economy and a surplus revenue.
Money saved or collected now will be saved to
our people many times in the lessening of the
taxes in the future.
This is not the time to discuss the question
whether, while thefunding process is going on,
it is wise to reduce our taxes. That question
will be distinctly presented when the tax and
tariff bills come to us from the House. It is
clear enough that in a short time we will be
able to largely reduce our internal taxes and
confine their operation to a few articles. I
hope we will not complicate this bill by a pre-
mature discussion as to the kind of taxes to
be first repealed. We know well that if this
measure is a success we can go much further
in the repeal of taxes than if we continue to
pay six per cent, interest on our debt. The ques-
tion of taxation is subordinate to and should be
dealt with so as to promote the success of this
measure. If by maintaining our present taxes
for a year we can secure the permanent reduc-
tion of our interest, it would be an act of states-
manship to do so, even though the taxes are
I heavy.
! A surplus revenue is the most effective
! agency to employ for the reduction of the in-
terest of the debt ; but it is equally clear that
diminished expenditure and postponement to
the future of new objects of expenditure will
promote the success of this measure. If we
• are now wise enough to act in harmony with
j the policy of the President, if we will now re-
i duce expenses and maintain taxes, we can by
I the success of this measure pave the way for
1 a very large reduction the moment our debt is
funded.
With a surplus of $100,000,000, with the
increased value given to our bonds, by a post-
! ponement of the payment of the principal, with
. power to borrow and pay money when money
is the cheapest, and above all, with the confi-
dence that will be inspired by a fixed financial
policy, I have a confident hope that the whole
$1,200,000,000 provided by this bill may be
placed at par within a reasonable time. And,
sir, one of the most effective agencies in the
success of this measure is the information now
universally diffused, throughout the civilized
world of our great power and resources. Be-
fore the war the power claimed for the several
States kept us in the money market as a con-
federacy of States, and notasanation. Slavery
threatened us with a perpetual civil war; it
mingled in all our political contests, arrayed
us into sectional parties, and in the judgment
of sagacious statesmen was to tear the fabric
of republican government from turret to found-
ation stone.
All this is happily ended. No interest or
faction threatens the national authority. Forty-
two millions of free people, confessedly among
the roost enterprising and intelligent of the
human race, with a Government tested in civil
and foreign war, securing to all the equal ben-
efit of the laws, the privilege of free education
and religion, theprotection of property, equality
in every field of enterprise, inhabiting a vast
region in the fairest- portion of a great conti-
nent filled with undeveloped resources, furnish
a guarantee of public credit as strong as any
human Government can offer. With such ad-
vantages, now universally appreciated, we may
with reasonable confidence hope to sell our
bonds on as favorable terms as any nation of
the world.
But, sir, whether we succeed in negotiating
all the bonds provided for in this bill, or fail
in some of them, we can assure the Senate that
this measure, to any extent to which its pro-
visions can be enforced, will tend to the public
interests.
This bill does not undertake arbitrarily to
fix a day for the resumption of specie payments.
Human wisdom cannot foresee a guard against
the numberless contingencies that affect our
power to resume. The attempt to fix a day
will only invite a severe contraction of the
currency, or a hoarding of currency, and thus
make more difficult actual resumption. Nor
does this bill provide for an arbitrary contrac-
tion of the currency. To the extent that it
flows into the Treasury in payment of four per
cent, bonds, and iB not paid out for the ordinary
wants of the currency, it will reduce the volume
of currency, but only when its exchange for
such bonds will absolutely demonstrate its
redundancy.
As bank notes are issued U nited States notes
will be retired, thus changing the burden of .
resumption from the United States to the '
banks by their voluntary consent. There is
no possible inflation of the currency, and I ,
cannot conceive a state of facts that would
induce me to enlarge the volume of currency
until it is redeemable in gold and silver coin.
All we can say is that this bill, so far as it
affects our paper currency, will increase its
value aud bring it nearer aud nearer to the
gold standard.
Sir, we have seen many changes in the pro-
gress of the great events through which we have
passed. We have seen ourcountry nobly pass-
ing through the greatest civil war of modern
times. We have seen slavery abolished, and
liberty and political rights secured to all
our citizens. We have passed through finan-
cial difficulties without taint of dishonor. If
we may now restore our suspended notes, the
favorite currency of our people, by a gradual
process of appreciation, to the constitutional
standard, wo will have witnessed from the
beginning to the end the most remarkable era
in the history of any people.
With the firm faith that this measure will
tend to this result, I ask for it the considerate
judgment of the Senate.
Mr. CORBETT. I rise simply to ask the
Senator from Ohio a question in regard to the
eighth section of his bill. The last clause, as
to the rate of interest on the bonds held by
the national banks, provides "that not more
than one third of the bonds deposited by any
bank as such security shall be of either of the
classes of bonds hereby authorized on which
the maximum rate of interest is fixed at four
and one half or five per cent, per annum."
Is it intended that the banks shall have equal
proportions of these different bonds?
Mr. SHERMAN. I have an amendment to
offer at the proper time which will remove all
ambiguity on that point. The purpose is to
give the banks the benefit of one third of the
five per cent., one third of the four and a half,
and one third of the four per cent, bonds. I
may as well offer this amendment now to make
the language clear. I propose to strike out the
proviso beginning in line twenty-eight of sec-
tion eight, after the word "that," and insert:
Not more than one third of the bonds deposited by
any bank as such security shall be of the class ot
bonds herein authorized bearing the rate of interest
1 of five per cent., and not more than one third shall
be of the class of bonds herein authorized bearing
the rate of interest of four and a half per cent.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business
Mr. CORBETT. I desire to ask the Senator
from Ohio a question before the vote is taken
on that motion. I ask the Senator from Ohio
whether in the first line, in the fourth section,
after the word "bonds," the words "and the
income therefrom" ought not to be inserted?
Mr. SHERMAN. As this bill will be before
the Senate for some days, I would rather look
at these details hereafter as amendments are
moved.
Mr. WILSON, I insist on my motion.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator from Massa-
chusetts allow me to ask the courtesy of the
Senate to have some instructions printed which
I send to the Chair ? I intend to move that
this bill shall be recommitted to the Committee
on Finance with the instructions which I send
to the Chair and ask to have printed for inform-
ation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the proposed instructions will be
printed. The Chair hears no objection. The
question is on the motion of the Senator from
Massachusetts.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
Eroceeded to the consideration of executive
usiness. After some time spent in executive
session, the doors were reopened, and the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 28, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of Friday last was read and
approved.
ordkr of cosiness.
The SPEAKER, This being Monday, the
first business in order will be the call of the
States and Territories, beginning with the State
of Maine, for the introduction of bills and joint
resolutions on leave for reference to their ap-
