3482
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
single reference to State and domestic inter-
ests ; their duties are of an internal character,
and have no reference to national affairs; but
when an amendment to the Constitution of the
United States is proposed by Congress which
is to affect State constitutions and their rela-
tions to the General Government, which is
brought home to the judgment and consider-
ation of every member of the community, it
becomes a subject of as much magnitude, com-
paratively, as the original formatiotkof the Con-
stitution, and each one is as much interested
as were our fathers who framed and the people
who adopted the Constitution transmitted it to
us. Whether the States shall suffer an abridge-
ment of their reserved rights; whether they will
part with any of them and commit them to other
hands, to be wielded in other interests, is a
grave subject, which challenges the attention
and demands the most solemn consideration
and judgment of the American people. When
a State constitution is to be changed or amended,
a convention elected by the people is chosen
to effect it; or if the amendment is notof a very
essential or important nature, it is published,
and the action of one or two Legislatures sub-
sequently elected becomes necessary to its
adoption. This is necessary when the only ques-
tion is one of a domestic character, whether
the people of a State will modify their consti-
tution in a matter which relates to and affects
only themselves, and, when they can, alter,
change, or annul the amendment afterward,
if they find it injurious or injudicious. How
much more important and requisite it is that
amendments to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States should be subjected to the scru-
tiny and judgment of the people of the States
individually, before their servants, selected by
them, shall be called to act. If the amend-
ment is adopted by three fourths of the States
the power to alter or repeal it has passed be-
yond the power of any one or more States less
than that number. If there is any one propo-
sition in politics or in morals that would seem
indisputable it is that the people of a State
should be called upon to elect their Legislature
after a proposition is made by Congress to the
States to amend the organic law of the United
States. Any other course would be paradoxi-
cal and a fraud upon the people, who are inter-
ested in constitutions which are to affect and
operate upon them, their rights, interests, and
property.
It may sometimes happen that a political
party may be in ascendency in three fourths
of the Legislatures, as well as in Congress, and
being desirous to strengthen or perpetuate their
power, may, through the forms of law, propose
and ratify amendments to the Constitution
without the people's having had an opportun-
ity of discussing, analyzing, and passing upon
the subject; and who, if they had been con-
sulted legally and had exercised their opinions,
would have rejected them. Constitutions are
never to be made in the interests of and for the
benefitof party; it is the people, as a body, who
make constitutions which are to continue and
to form the fundamental law, without refer-
ence to political parties which subsequently
arise, or which are to administer the Govern-
ment. To make or amend a constitution by
and for party purposes or advantages is destruc-
tive of all stability of government, of its ends
and objects, and must end in anarchy, demoral-
ization, and disorganization.
This fifteenth amendment was proposed by *
Congress on the 27 th of February, 1869, while or
soon after which a number of the State Legisla-
tures convened, or were then in session, having
been elected previous to the action of Congress,
and after the promulgation of the Chicago plat-
form by the Republican party in 1868. They
were thus chosen before the subject of the fif-
teenth amendment was submitted by Congress,
and after the Chicago convention had expressly
declared that the question of suffrage in the
northern States was one belonging exclusively
to those States. The amendment, therefore,
was not in existence at the time of the election,
was not before the people, was not debated by
them, nor did it enter into their contemplation
or imagination when the elections took place.
They were generally held at the time and
under the excitement of the presidential elec-
tion. No platform contained any allusion to
it; but the general question of who should be
President absorbed for the time all others.
This fifteenth amendment was sprung upon
the country after that election, and the Legis-
latures of the folio wingyStates thus elected
voted for its adoption in violation of the great
principles of a representative republican Gov-
ernment: North Carolina, West Virginia,
Massachusetts, Wisconsin, Maine, Louisiana,
Michigan, South Carolina, Pennsylvania,
Arkansas, Illinois, Indiana, New York, and
Nevada.
But I come back to the vote of the State of
New York, which annulled the vote of a former
Legislature which was given in violation of the
spirit of the ^Constitution. It is alleged that
having once ratified she could not afterward
revoke it. The "Senator from that State who
spoke on this subject on the 22d February last,
[Mr. Conkling,] and who, I believe, is the only
Senator who has spoken at large and directly
to this point, in that speech said:
"To  ee the question clearly, and to gee it all, is to
see the answer also. The ratificati9n of a constitu-
tional amendment is not the exercise of legislative
power derived from the people of a State. It is not
a power reserved by the States, or inherent in the
States. It is a specific function, derived entirely from
the Constitution of the United States. This.is its
origin. What is its nature and extent? It is the
option to do or not to do a given thing. It is the right
to give consent, no more. Consent may be given by
a State. Of course it may be withheld, else there
could be no option to exercise, no act to do."
The Senator having thus stated the question
proceeded to argue against the power of a sub-
sequent Legislature to repeal or annul a ratifi-
cation of a preceding one, in these words:
"The usual choice of a Legislature was matter of
course; but the amendment having passed from the
forum of consideration, the right to choose a Legis-
lature to act upon it, once exercised, was exhausted,
the same as if the ratification had been by a conven-
tion. The power, like a multitude of other powers,
is spent by being once exerted."
If the view which I have already taken of the
Constitution, its nature, design, and object, be
correct, it is a complete answer to the argu-
ment of the Senator from New York. But with
due deference to the honorable Senator, I may
be permitted to controvert his theory of the
Constitution on this subject. The power to
ratify amendments, the Senator asserts, "is
not a power reserved by the States or inherent
in the States; it is a specific function, derived
entirely from the Constitution of the United
States." Every constitution is subject to revis-
ion and amendment. The people who form a
Constitution can destcpy or amend it. There is
no power in this country higher than them.
When .they make a Constitution they do not
part with the power to change or alter it. But
to avoid delay and expense, which attend the
session of every convention, they usually pro-
vide or specify a convenient mode in the instru-
ment by which amendments may be effected.
They sometimes, in State constitutions, require
the action of two separate Legislatures before
a convention can be called. Sometimes they
provide for amendments through legislative
bodies after duenotioeto and consideration by
the people, and make no provision for a con-
vention. But the States do not always con-
form to the letter of the constitution. They
may call a convention without the sanction of
two Legislatures, and only of one; they may
assemble in convention by authority of the Le-
gislature when no constitutional provision is
provided for it. The constitutions thus framed,
when ratified by a majority of the people and
put into operation, supersede all other consti-
tutions and become the fundamental law of the
State. So of the Government of the United
States.
The people of the States, in the capacity of
States, having framed the Government of the
United States, would have the power by con-
ventions to alter and change its provisions and
powers. It is a power inherent in them, and
not derived from the Constitution of the United
States. The ratification mentioned in the Con-
stitution was prescribed as a form or mode by
which the will and wishes of the people on the
subject-matter might be made known. It was
not a power conferred, but a mode prescribed.
They are not supposed to be trammeled and
bound by mere forms which they have created;
they deal not in technicalities with themselves,
but they look ?o the intent, the meaning, the
substance.
Mr. Webster, in his great argument on the
Rhode Island case, in favor of the old or char-
tered government, said:
"First and chief, no man makes a question that
the people are the source of all political power. Gov-
ernment is instituted for their good, and all its mem-
bers are their agents and servants. He who would
argue against this must argue without an adver-
sary. Why, where else can we look but to the peo-
ple fbr political power in a popular government ?
ffe have no hereditary executive, no hereditary
branch of the Legislature, no inherited masses of
property, no system of entails, no long trusts, no long
family settlements, no primogeniture."
Again, he says:
" It was their great conservative principle in con-
stituting forms of government that they should
secure what they have established against hasty
changes bysimple majorities."
Again:
" The old Congress, upon the suggestion of the
delegates who assembled at Annapolis in Ma.y,178G,
recommended to the States that they should send
delegates to a convention to be holden at Philadel-
phia to form a Constitution. No article of the old
Confederation gave them power to do this, but they
did it, and the States did appoint delegates who
assembled at Philadelphia and formed the Consti-
tution.
Again:
"All that is necessary here is that the will of tho
people should be ascertained by some regular rule
of proceeding prescribed by previous law."
His panegyric upon public liberty in tha
same speech is:
" The regular action of popular power, on the other
hand, plaoes upon public liberty the most beautiful
face that ever adorned that angel form. All is regu-
lar and harmonious ia its features and gentle in its
operation. The stream of public authority, under
American liberty, running in this channel, has the
strength of the Missouri, while its waters are as
transparent as those of a orystal lake. It is power -
ful for good. It produces no tumult, no violence,
! and no wrong—
1 "'Though deep, yet clear; though gentle, yet not
[ Strong, without rage; without o'erflowing, full.'''
i I have made these quotations as corroborative
! of the views which I entertain and have ex-
pressed upon the subject of amendments to the
Constitution and the structure and origin of
the Government. It will be discovered, from
what has been said and quoted, that it is the
sovereign will of the people that is to be con-
sulted and deferred to in determining the ques-
tion. As some exception may be taken to the
term "sovereign," as applied to the people,
as has been done when referring to States, I
will quote the language of Mr. Webster in the
speech referred to:
"Well, then, let us all admit, what none can deny,
that the only soujee of political power in this coun-
try is the people. Let us admit that they are sov-
ereign, for they are so; that is to say, the aggregate)
community, the collected will of the people is sov-
ereign."
This was spoken of the people of Rhode
Island.
It will not be denied that the people of New
York, when they elected the Legislature of
1868, were not consulted in reference to the
principle contained in the fifteenth amend-
ment ; that they did not elect the Legislature
in reference to any such measure, nor yas that
body expected to take action upon it. The
Legislature having usurped authority to act in
violation of the meaning, intent, and purpose
of the Constitution, shall it be said that the
sovereign people are concluded from expressing
their opinion, after due deliberation and dis-
cussion at the forum and in the press, and in
setting aside the action of unfaithful and usui p-
ing servants ? They acted without the pale of
