580
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 2,
Senate.
Naturalization—Mr. Thurman.
41st Cong 2d Sess.
that the applicant for naturalization should
have made a previous declaration of his inten-
tion to become naturalized, which previous
declaration must have been made at least three
years before the final certificate of naturaliza-
tion was granted to him; but it preserved the
important feature of the law of 1790 in this,
that it allowed him to become naturalized in
any court of record in the United States, be it
State court or be it Federal court.
So the law stood until 1802, when the statute
which is now in force was enacted. I need
not go over the provisions of the law of 1802,
orot the amendments thathavebeen made to it,
because they are substantially the same as the
act. of 1795 in all the particulars now neces-
sary to be considered. They liberalized that
act to some extent; but the main features of
t.he act of 1793 were preserved in the act of
1802, to wit, there must be a declaration of
intention, and there must elapse two years after
that before the party can be naturalized ; and
he must have resided five years in the United
States before such naturalization; and so the
law has since stood. I may say, therefore, in
general terms, that the law upon naturaliza-
tion substantially as it now exists has stood
on our statute book for precisely seventy-live
years, from 1795 down to this time.
Now, at the end of these seventy-five years,
at the end of eighty years from the enactment
of our first naturalization law, it is proposed
to reverse this whole policy and make a law
which, 1 say here, and am able to prove, would
if enacted bo a law to render naturalization
almost impossible, and to make it worthless if
it could be achieved.
Let as see what this hill is. I say, first, it
is a hill to discourage immigration. How can
you expect that intelligent people will come to
l lie United {States with the intention o ('becoming
citizens, as most of those have done who have
come here, when they are to be harassed in the
manner this hill proposes, and when it is to
become almost impossible for them to become
citizens at all? How is it possible that you
can expect them to come here when you shall
have sot up this law which brands the whole
of them as a people unworthy to be trusted,
which brands them as ji class ready to commit
perjury, which brands them with the mark of
dishonesty? When you shall haveheld up such
a law as this, containing more tliau eighty-live
indictable offenses, as this hill does, and thus
menaced every man who lands upon your
shores, how can you expect that people will
come here to live—to live under a Government
that, could enact such a law? Sir, it is a law
which is infended, or if it is not intended its
inevitable effect must he, to deter the migration
of Europeans to our shores.
Now, sir, is it desirable to stop that migra-
tion? Is there any reason why it should be
stopped? If so, why do you not make it a
penal offense, if you have the power, for your
State, sir, [Mr. Ramsey in the chair,] my
State, and other States, to send their com-
missioners of emigration to Europe to draw
tlie population of Europe to tins country? I
repeat, is it desirable to stop it? Let us see
whether ii, is desirable or not.
The Senator who has just taken his seat [Mr.
.Ioiixstox] has shown with great force what
would be the condition of this country had
there been no foreign migration to it. He has
shown that in this year 1S70, if there had been
no immigration we would not have more popu-
lation than we had in 1825. Ho has shown
how our greatness has depended upon the
immigration to our shores.
Now, sir, while I agree with him,that the
greatest benefit that has been conferred on the
country by this migration is in the persons of
the immigrants, in the muscle and bone and
sinew and intellect they bring here, while
thattranscendently excels all other advantages
that the country has derived from their migra-
tion, let me tell you, in the mere matter of
dollars and cents, in the mere matter of the
bringing of wealth into this country, no incon-
siderable portion of your wealth has been the
result of this migration. Upon that subject I
beg to read a passage from a paper prepared
by Mr. Friederich Kapp, and read before the
American Social Science Association at New
York, in which I find a very good summary on
thi8 subject, as follows :
"In 1856 the commissioners of emigration in New
York examined every immigrant as to the amount
of his means, anil the .average cash of each of the
142,3-12 now-comers of that year amounted to ?68 08.
The commissioners afterward discontinued this ex-
amination, for the reason that in spite of all their
endeavors they could not obtain correct answers on
the part of the immigrants, who were suspicious of
their motives.
The main object,'says Superintendent Kennedy,
in his report of January 1-1, 1858, 'for inquiring of
passengers tho amount of cash means they possessed
was secured when it was shown to the public that on
an average they were in possession of a larger amount
of such means than is held by tho localized residents
of any known community ; and that although a part
of tho immigration is among that class of persons
who seek refuge on our shores, and subsistence by
labor, with little or no cash means, yota largo por-
tion bring with them of that kind of property a suf-
ficient quantity to sustain themselves, and to aid in
tho onrichinent of tho country. It was justly appre-
hended that aeontinuance of the investigation might
lead to mischievous results from the manifest inac-
curacy ol' tho results. 1'or while tho tabic of .1X
presents tho avorago amount of cash means at SdS U8
per head, subsequent but luliublo information
showed that the concealment of largo amounts had
been constantly :md successfully practiced, and that
had full admission been made of tho lands in pos-
session tho avcr.ago would have beon at least double
thcamount reported,'
" I was myself at that lime a wi tness of the unreli-
ability of the statements of immigrants concerning
their means. lleing prosont when, inthesuiumerof
1850, the passongers of a German ship were examined
at Castle (Jardon, 1 observed an old farmer and his
three adult-sons, who,in answer to tho inquiryof tho
superintendent, opened their pocket-boolcs, counted
tho contents of each, and hesitatingly declared it to
be about twonty-fivo dollars. I interposed and ex-
plained t,o these people, who evidently apprehended
that they would bo taxed on account of their inonoy.
the roason of the interrogatories, whereupon the old
farmer showed me a bill of exchange of &2.700 on a
New York banker, and remarked that oach of his
sons had about tho samo amount with him. These
men had been outerod as having about one hundred
dollars togothor, v/iiilo m fact they ought to have
been credited with about eleven thousand dollars.
"'Uorman immigrants alone.' says a report of tho
oommissionois of emigration, Deeomber 13,1854, on
tho subjects in dispute between the commissioners
of emigration and tho almshouse department of tho
city ot Mew York, 'havolor the past throe years, as
estimated by the bost German authorities, brought
into tho country annually an average of abont cloven
million dollars. A larger amount of money m
piopoition to numbers is estimated to havo been
brought from Holland and other countries. Tho
amount of money thus introduced into tho country
is incalculable.'
"These eMimatos aro corroborated by statements
which I happened to iiiul among somo Gorman sta.-
tistioal tables. Itappoars from thostatistioal records
ol tho Urand Duchy of Jiadon that from 18-10 to 1819
tho roady cash which each emigrant carried with
him amounted to 215 lioriris, or ninety-eight dollars
gold. Again, of tho Bavarian emigrants between
1315 and ISM, each was possessed of 233 llorins, or
&03 i'O gold ; between 1851 and 1857, each of 230 llorins,
or §91 40 gold; while tho Brunswickers who emi-
grated in J."'>3 had 131) thalors, or about ninety-six
dollars gold each. The Wiiitom burgers m 1855 car-
licd only scvontv-six dollars gold oach with them,
which sum in ISoti increased to $13-1 gold, in 1857 to
frbpgold, and in 1858 oven to S318 gold per head. Other
official data concerning this I havo not been able to
obtain, but the instances just cited throw sufficient
light on the subject,
"The money, however, is not the only property
which immigrants bring with them. In addition Lo
it they havo a certain amount of wearing apparel,
tools, watches, books, and jewelry. Assuming that
their cash amounts to only $100 a. head, I do nol think
I exaggerate in estimating their ot.hor property at
fifty dollars, thus making $150, the total of the per-
sonal property of each immigrant. The total arrivals
at New York for tho year I860 will bo about two hun-
dred and fifty thousand immigrants, and the amount
added to the national wealth, thro ugh this port alone,
in one year, will consequently not fall short of
$37,500,000. Largo as this sum appears.it is insig-
nificant in comparison with the hundreds of millions
which have been and will bo produced yearly by the
labor of immigrants,"
Mr. President, is it possible not to feel the
force of the facts which are here stated ? Is
not the fact that the immigrants who come to
this country bring per capita more wealth
than the resident people in this country own
per capita a. striking fact, a wonderful fact?
And yet it is just as true as that there is immi-
gration at all. And why so?
A few years ago we used to hear that this
country was overrun by the paupers of Europe.
There never was a greater mistake. There is
not a country from which emigration to the
United States takes place that sends its pau-
pers here. You see what is the wealth of the
Germans. It is the same way in regard to the
Irish, and for tho plainest reason in the world:
the men who are utter paupers in Europe can-
not come here. They have not the means to
come here. It is not thepaupers of Europe who
immigrate. It is the men of moderate means
who come here. Their means may be small,
it is true, but still they remove them far from
the category of paupers. No, sir; they are not
paupers at all. It is only necessary to look at
the discharge of any immigrant ship that lands
at New York to see that the word " pauper"
has no application at all to the immigrants. It
is only necessary to see them on any railroad
in this country to see that they are far, very far
indeed, from pauperism.
This being so, these immigrants being per-
sons who have the means to come hero, per-
sons who are actuated by a desire to better
their condition, it would naturally be the case
that they should have more wealth per capita
than the population of any country in the world ;
for they are a select class in point of fact, not
the richest, not the poorest, but the substan-
tial, well-to-do laboring people of the countries
from which they come. It is not at all won-
derful that in point of wealth they own more
on an average than the resident population of
any country in the world. Such is the truth.
Why, sir, just look at the striking fact that, in
one single year the immigrants landing in New
York alGne brought to this country $37,500,000
worth of property—in one single year, sir.
But now it is proposed to set up a barrier
against all this. I repeat, this bill is a barrier
to the naturalization of tho men who come
here; these people of substance ; these people
of education; lor of those from the continent
of Europe, at least, I defy you to point to one
adult out of a hundred who cannot read and
write. Of the immigrants from the continent
of Europe, I repeat, I have never seen one
adult in a hundred who could not read and
write. Does not everybody know that the most
perfect and universal system of education in
Christendom was inaugurated in Prussia, and
exists there this day? And it is the same
throughout the greatest part of Germany.
These are not ignorant people; these are not
paupers who comc here. They are people of
education; they are people of substance ; and
they are not a people to humbly take the brand
which this bill fixes upon them of being ready
to commit perjury and fraud in order to be-
come citizens of the United States. They are
under no necessity to leave their own country
for such a purpose as that; and neither by
education, by habit, nor by morals are they
persons thus to be branded as capable of doing
any such thing.
But it may be said that there are some bad
men amongthem. Yes; and there are some bad
native-born citizens, too. But because there
may he some bad inen among them, because
sometimes there may have been frauds com-
mitted in naturalization, are you therefore to
make a law that reaches every one, that brands
the whole of them as perjurers. With just, as
much propriety might you brand them all as
burglars, as pickpockets, as assassins, beeaut-e
now and then there comes a pickpocket, a
