1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3483
their authority; selected for on# purpose they
assumed to act in another. Their principals
never designed that they should arrogate power
to determine for them a great constitutional
question. Not clothed with power, they could
not legally exert, it. If they were discharging
only legislative duties a subsequent Legislature
could repeal what was done, as one Legislature
cannot bind its successor. James A. Bayard,
in a speech delivered in the House of Repre-
sentatives in 1802 on the judiciary act, said:
" The true principle is that one Legislature may
repeal the set of a former, in oases not prohibited
by the Constitution."
If not an ordinary legislative power, they
could not execute it without authority from
the people. The Senator from Ne w York Baid:
"The right to choose a Legislature to act upon it,
once exercised, was exhausted, t!ie tamo as if the
ratification had been by a convention."
But this right of choice was not exercised
in 1868; the subject was not before the people,
and they did not therefore " choose a Legisla-
ture to act upon it." If they had elected a
convention it would have beeu to act upon
that specific measure which would have been
the subject of debate and deliberation in the
choice of candidates. As a convention could
only be chosen after the question was sub-
mitted formally by Congress, so a Legislature
qualified to act must be cnosen after the amend-
ment was proposed. The " power, like a mul-
titude of othere,'' could not be 4' spent by being
once exerted," because it was not properly
possessed nor exercised.
It should be remembered that until three
fourths of the States ratify an amendment it is
inchoate only,notconsnmmate—only in process
of consummation; that the object is to obtain
the deliberate and final judgment of the peo-
ple on the proposition to amend, their last and
final judgment after a careful and thorough
investigation and consideration. As they made
and can unmake the Constitution, as the peo-
ple is the party deeply and solely interested,
and as an addition to the fundamental law is
to affect them, their posterity, and interests,
they may, before the adoption of an article by
three fourths of the States, reconsider and re-
verse any hasty or inconsiderate action. A
convention eould recall its action, or a new
convention, at any time before the ratification
becomes complete by the requisite number of
States.
Conventional or legislative action is only the
agency through which the sense of the people
is obtained ; Legislatures and conventions are
but convenient instrumentalities for obtaining i
and expressing the sense of the people. If it !
were possible for the people to meet in mass !
and vote upon an amendment, they could re- !
consider and change their decision at any time 1
before the result was made final and conclu-
sive. The ten amendments to the Constitu-
tion were made between the 20th of November, ;
1789, and the 15th of December, 1791, as the
States chose to act. At any time between those
periods any State could have withdrawn her ,
ratification. By the seventh article of the Con- !
stitution '' the ratification of the conventions
of nine States shall be sufficient for the estab- !
lishment of this Constitution between the States j
so ratifying the same." Down to the 23d May, i
1788, only eight States had ratified it. Was it
not competent for any one of the eight States,
or for any number of them, to have withdrawn
their ratifications before the ninth State rati-
fied the Constitution? If, in the formation, the
States had a right to recall before final con-.
summation, have they not now, by analogy
and parity of reason, a right to withdraw a
consent improvidently given or surreptitiously
conferred by their agents or representatives ?
The Senator from New York [Mr. Cokkling]
illustrates his position as follows:
"Government having once made a treaty, cannot
at pleasure annul it, though a Government not hav-
ing made a treaty may st pleasure make it. One
refuse to marry, and no matter how often he
refuses, still he may marry. But ono who has mar-
ried cannot at pleasure undo the act, though he may
change his mind. Marrying and unmarrying are
different proceedings. So are ratifying uud unrati-
fying constitutional amendments."
But, with due deference to the distinguished
i Senator, the cases cited by him are clearly
distinguishable from the one before the Senate,
and when fully understood strengthen the argu-
ment which I nave had the pleasure to advance.
A treaty is by the Constitution made the su-
preme law, and when duly ratified is perfect
and complete; it is not dependent upon the
action of others to make it effective. So the
marriage relation; when the contract id once
entered into it is consummate and does not
depend upon the consent or ratification of
other persons. These are independent and
executed contracts, and not like ratifications
which may never be perfected, and are not
therefore beyond the reach of renunciation.
Suppose that twenty States had ratified the
fifteenth amendment, would they be bound to
wait for twenty years for other States now in
the Union and new States to be introduced
and not have the power of revocation? Cir-
cumstances and considerations which might
induce the people of a State to accept a new
constitutional provision in the lapse of time
might cease to operate, or new and primary
considerations might make it highly essential
to annul their former decision. Shall it be
said that the power once exerted has spent
itself and can never be recalled? Such never
was the intention of our fathers who made the
Constitution^ nor is it consistent with the na-
ture and spirit of our institutions. To my mind
it is clear that the vote of New York should
not be counted for the amendment.
It is also clear that the vote of Indiana in
favor of the ratification should be rejected. I
quote from the constitution of Indiana of 1851,
as follows:
"Thesenate shall not exceed fifty, nor the house
of representatives one hundred members.
" Two thirds of each house shall constitute a quo-
rum to do business: but a smaller number may
meet, adjourn from day to day, and compel the at-
tendance of abseut members.
" Either house may punish its members for disor-
derly behavior, and may, with the concurrence of
two thirds, expel a member.
"A majority of all the members elected to each
house shall be necessary to pass any bill or joint
resolution."
Where there is no constitutional provision
a majority is by usage considered a quorum to
transact business; but whenever there is a
constitutional regulation the custom or usage
is abolished, and the number fixed by the '
fundamental law is requisite in all cases, i
Cushing, in his Law and Practice of Legisla- ,
tive Assemblies, says: j
" In this country the number necessary to consti- !
tute a quorum is, in all the States respectively and i
in the Congress of the United States, regulated by ,
constitutional provisions." I
He further says:
"In this country the number necessary to form I
a quorum is different in each Legislative Assembly,
according to its size, the quorum being for the most ;
part fixed at some aliquot part, as, for example, two {
thirds or a majority of each; and of course, being
established only by constitutional provision, the
number is in force at the commencement of each
session, and is unalterable by the Assemblies them- j
selves." _ j
It follows as a necessary conclusion that j
wherever the constitution fixes the quorum
it supersedes all usages and customs, and em-
braces all the acts which the body may do,
either in the ordinary rontine of legislative
duties or in the capacity or name of a legis-
lature. Where power is conferred to do an act
or perform any duty, which is imposed upon
them by law, or which they may be called to
discharge, of whatever character, they have no
power to change the quorum, according to the
authority cited, which is fixed by the Constitu-
tion for all time and occasions.
The Legislature of Indiana was elected prior
to the proposal of the fifteenth amendment
and without reference to the subject. A ma-
jority of the House of Delegates were Repub-
licans, but less than two thirds. When assem-
bled for legislative business the Republicans
proposed to vote upon the fifteenth amend-
ment, which was concocted after their election.
They took such a course to effect their object
that a portion of the Democratic members re-
signed, enough to leave the body without a
quorum of two thirds. Their sole object was
to carry out the spirit of the Constitution and
leave to the next Legislature, who would bts
elected after a full canvass and discussion of
the subject, to act according to the wishes and
opinions of a majority of the people of that
State. The Governor and the Legislature at
that time, I understand, were of the opinion
that less than two thirds of the whole house
could not constitutionally vote on the proposi-
tion of amendment. All the Democrats, I
believe, were reelected, and a special session
of the Legislature was convened. The Demo-
crats still refusing to go into a vote on the fif-
i teenth amendment, the Republicans, consti-
tuting less than two thirds of the whole house,
proceeded to ratify it.
The constitution of Indiana says that '' two
thirds of each house shall constitute a quorum
to do business, but a smaller number may meet,
adjourn," &c. The house of representatives
by law is composed of one hundred members;
each is a part of, and the whole number consti-
tute the house. The term house, as here used,
is a constitutional term, signifying a hundred
members, two thirds of whom are necessary
to constitute a quorum. The quorum in any
legislative body is the number fixed by the con-
stitution. No usage, practice, or precedent of
legislative bodies, no parliamentary law, can
change or modify in any respect the number to
make a quorum as fixed by the fundamental
law. Either house is authorized to expel a
member with the concurrence of two thirds;
two thirds of one hundred would in this case be
sixty-seven; this would be a constitutional
quorum; could two thirds of sixty-seven, which
would be forty-five, expel a member and deprive
a county of its representative ? The expulsion
of a member is one of the highest powers which
a public body can exert; forty-five would be
five less than one half of the members com-
posing the house. The same constitution says
that—
"A majority of all the members elected to o&ch
house shall be necessary to pass any bill or joint
resolution."
Fifty-one are necessary to pass even a res-
olution. Could forty-five expel a member?
The ratification of a constitutional amendment
is of higher importance, of vastly greater magni-
tude than the passage of a bill or resolution, or
even the expulsion of a member. Can it be
said that less than two thirds, or sixty-seven
members, can constitute a quorum to pass
upon an intensely important amendment to the
Constitution? Less than this constitutional
quorum did pass upon it, and that action is a
nullity; it is a political imposition, not valid
in law, nor approved by a free, honest, high-
minded people.
I have also been informed that in the senate
of Indiana several of the Democratic senators
resigned their places a second time, leaving
that body without a quornm, but that being
accidently or otherwise in the senate chamber
the doors were locked upon them. They were
coerced to remain, and while thus under duress
the vote on the fifteenth amendment was taken,
and they counted as present and in full mem-
bership, against their protestand remonstrance,
thus adding force to positive and flagitious
wrong and oppression. I have also learned
that the Governor of Indiana, though a Repub-
lican, and being a man of a high sense of honor
and justice, refused to authenticate the record
of the assumed passage of the amendment by
his signature. I learn on inquiry at the State
Department that it was certified only by the sec-
retary of State. Deduct New York and Indi-
ana and your assumed fifteenth amendment
has not the requisite three fourths.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to interrupt him for a moment'<
