1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5371
I ask attention to an inclosed petition from some of
the best citizens of Maury county, where ho lives.
S. M. ARNELL.
Colombia, Tbssessee, February, 1870.
To the Congress of the United States :
Your petitioner respectfully and earnestly asks
relief from all legal and political disabilities. _ lie
desires restoration to the full rights of an American
citizen under the Government of the United States,
to which he is sincerely attached.
Your obedient servant,
A. O.P.NICHOLSON.
Mr. YATES. That petition shows the per-
tinency of the question which I put the Sen-
ator from Tennessee. If this was a petition
presented by the applicant himself, he desir-
ing on his part to receive condonation, to use
the expressive language of the Senator from
Massachusetts, and showing that he had re-
pented of the crime, as I will say, that he had
committed, then I should have voted in favor
of the removal of his disabilities ; but his peti-
tion shows, in effect, in language and in sub-
stance, that he desires that his disabilities
shall be removed in order that he may accept
a most important public position.
Mr. MORTON. He says so in direct terms.
Mr. YATES. There is no evidence of any
penitence on his part. There is no evidence
that he has repented of the crime he has com-
mitted against the Government of the United
States. While upon the statementof the Sen-
ator from Tennessee in regard to his character
and his conduct as a good citizen T should have
voted in favor of the removal of his disabili-
ties, I shall now, upon the petition which he
lias presented, most certainly and assuredly
vote against the removal of his disabilities,
lie is an unrepentant rebel, so far as his peti-
tion is concerned. He occupied one of the
highest positions of the Government of the
United States, a seat on the floor of the Senate
Chamber, and be left the Senate Chamber to
raise his arm in defiance and rebellion against
this Government. You may as well extend
pardon to Jeff. Davis as to Nicholson under
the circumstances. I therefore shall vote
against the amendment. It will embarrass the
bill anyhow in the other House, and I am sure
it will embarrass it also in the Senate.
Mr. FOWLER. I send another letter to the
desk to be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
dnar Sip.: Wo the undersigned, all good and
loyal citizens and your personal friends and polit-
ical supporters, would earnestly request of you to
use your influence to have the political disabilities
of A. 0. P. Nicholson and W. P. Martin removed by
the Congress of the United States.
Truly, your frionds,
MELDING HTJB,8T,
Late Colonel United States Army,
JOIIN F. JORDAN,
ADD. L.LEFTW1CH,
I). AleCLANAHAN.
DANIEL McKENNON,
G. W. FERGUSON,
JAMES 0. JORDAN,
SAMUEL FAUST.
W. M. McKENNON,
TYRE STOLES,
J. S. BROOKS.
W. B. BYRUM,
T. W. PATTON, '
C. M. EDWARDS,
IIENRY LOVE,
T.J. POGUE,
J. H. McKENNON,
R. II. CATBS,
W. J. SHANNON,
WILLIAM NOLE3,
T. I'. BEARD,
J. A. BEARD.
Hon. Samuel M. Aexell.
Mr. SAWYER. I suppose thereis not a
name which may be presented here in whose
behalf petitions might not be presented for
relief from political disabilities; but it must be
perfectly obvious to the Senator from Tennes-
see that this is one of those cases which the
Congress of the United States will be disposed
to put off until the last moment. The fact that
ilr. Nicholson has behaved well in the last five
ycais is no more than can be said of the great
majority of the men who went out of thcllalls
«f Congress and took part in the rebellion. It
is perfectly obvious that in any special bill of
relief the Senate and House of Representatives
will refuse to include such names as those. I
am sorry to see my friend from Tennessee press-
ing the name of A. O. P. Nicholson at this time,
and thus periling several thousand names of
less prominent individuals.
When a general bill for the relief of disabil-
ities comes up, if Mr. Nicholson should not
belong to a class excepted from such general
relief, well and good ; but it is certainly not in
keeping with propriety, as it seems to me,
while there are any class of our fellow-citizens
kept under the ban of political disabilities, to
be relieving men who left this Chamber or the
Chamber at the other end of the Capitol to
engage in the rebellion.
1 trust that we shall act on those cases which
have been considered by the committee and
considered favorably, and not embarrass this
bill by putting on it a name which certainly
has no special claim to be considered. It is
quite certain, after what has been said here,
that this single name would be enough to defeat
the bill in the other House of Congress.
Mr. MORTON. And in this.
Mr. SAWYER, And, probably, enough to
defeat it in this one. It is no kindness to that
large number of people whom I would gladly
see relieved from political' disabilities, and
whose names are included in the bill, to attach
the name of a single gentleman here whose
name being in it would completely defeat the
whole proposition.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Senate
ready for the question on the amendment?
Mr. FOWLER. I withdraw the name for
the present. I wish simply to say that misrep-
resentations have been made in regard to this
matter to which I shall reply when the proper
time comes. The misrepresentation has been
very gross.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
submitted two names in his amendment. Does
he withdraw both?
Mr. FOWLER. Yes, sir; I withdraw both
names.
Mr. WARNER. I desire to add four or five
names to this bill.
Mr. RICE. Before the Senator from Ala-
bama offers his amendment to add names, I
desire to make a correction in the bill. There
are some names here under the head of " Ala-
bama" that ought to be placed under the head
of * 'Arkansas."
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Those
verbal corrections can be made hereafter.
Mr. WARNER. The amendment that I
offer can be acted upon in one moment. My
amendment is to insert under the head of
"Alabama" the names of " Eli S. Shorter,
of Eufaula county; J. B. Appling, of Henry
county; J. J. Martin, of Dallas county; J. S.
Diggs, of Dallas county.
Mr. COLE. I hope Senators will be con
tent with the report of the committee, which
embodies a very large number of names. It
must be obvious to Senators that these names
ought to undergo the scrutiny of the committee.
The discussion which has been had upon the
names presented by the Senator from Tennes-
see is sufficient evidence that action of the
committee ought to be had before these names
are acted upon in the Senate. Another bill
can be introduced at the next session, which
will embody the names that are withheld at
this time; and in that case of course the com-
mittee will have a chance to investigate the
propriety of embodying the names in the bill.
I hope Senators will be content with the bill
without adding names in this way, taking up
the whole day, and perhaps the rest of the ses-
sion, names which can just as well be suspended
until the next, session of Congress in Decem-
ber. 1 hope there will not be a continuation
of this system of adding names to the bill.
Mr. WARNER. Tins amendment can be
adopted in a moment. These men are well
known to inc. and they are certainly far more
deserving of relief than many of the men whose
names have got into Ibis bill from Alabama.
Mr. SPENCER. I have a word 'to say on
that subject. I object to the name of Eli S.
Shorter, from Alabama, and I will state briefly
my objection. If we are going to have general
amnesty we might as well have it without tak-'
ing the names of distinguished gentlemen, like!
Eli S. Shorter. At the breaking out of thei
war, or immediately after the breaking out of '>
the war, Eli S. Shorter was Governor of Ala- '
bama. I believe Governor Moore was Gov-
ernor at the time of the breaking out of the war.
Mr. Shorter took a very active and prominent
part in the rebellion, and as far as I know, he
is still unreconstructed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. May I ask
was he not just prior to the rebellion a mem-
ber of the House of Representatives?
Mr. SPENCER. I think he was. He was
a member of Congress several times, one of
the leading and most distinguished citizens of
Alabama.
Mr. WARNER. Allow me to say one word
here in regard to this matter. Mr. Shorter
now is one of the most active and efficient
workers in promoting the prosperity of the
State of Alabama that we have in our State.
He heartily and completely indorses the recon-
struction measures, includinguniversal suffrage,
and openly advocates them. Thatis Mr. Short-
er' s position now. Heneel move his name, and
I move it with the approbation of the Republican
member from his district. He has always sup-
ported law and order in the State, and has
denounced and opposed all lawlessness, has sus-
tained the State government, and has received
an appointment to discharge a trust on the
part of the State from the Governor of the
State, and is, as I have stated, a supporter of
reconstruction and a supporter of universal
suffrage. My colleague is entirely mistaken as
to a matter of fact. Mr. Eli S. Shorter never
was Governor of the State of Alabama at all.
His brother, John Gill Shorter, was Governor.
Mr. SPENCER. I was mistaken about his
having been Governor, but he was a member
of Congress. John Gill Shorter was Gov-
ernor, but this Eli S. Shorter was a member
of Congress, representing his district several
times, and is certainly very objectionable to a
large portion of the Union people of Alabama.
Mr. MORTON. What part did he take in
the rebellion ?
Mr. SPENCER. He was a strong rebel, a
strong confederate. I do not know whether he
served in the army or not; but his influence,
his power, and his money were used in aid of
the rebellion. I have nothingpersonally against
the man at all.
Mr. THAYER. I will ask the other Senator
from Alabama whether he knows that Mr.
Shorter was or was not a colonel in the rebel
service ?
Mr. WARNER. I think he was a colonel
in the rebel service; but I think there is but one
opinion among the Republicans in the con-
gressional district in which he lives, and thatis
that he should bo relieved from his disabilities.
The member from the district agrees to it.
While he has not been an outspoken Repub-
lican, he is generally understood in the part of
the State where ho lives and where I live to
be in sympathy with us.
Mr. SPENCER. The only part of the reeop-
struction measures I ever heard of his being in
favor of was general amnesty.
Mr. KELLOGG. I have had the pleasure
of knowing Eli S. Shorter for several years. I
knew him before the war. I knew somewhat
of bis history during the war. I met him often
immediately after the close of the war. At
that time I found him willing to "accept the
situation." He at all times expressed himself
unqualifidely and unequivocally in favor of the
Government, and as willing to accept the situa-i
tion. Of all the men in the South it has been'
my fortune to meet who participated in the
rebellion, no man has shown a more determ-
ined intention to support the Government
and accept the situation than Eli S. Shorter,
