1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4427
the lumber business. These are old ships; they
are not very valuable, but these parties need
them in their business ; and we thought it right
to take these little oid ships and make an ex-
ception of them in favor of citizens of the Uni-
ted States; and in the latter case I am told the
United States have been great gainers;. I hope
there will be no objection to admitting these
fourships under these circumstances, inasmuch
as the Senator's bill was a rider to this very
bill, which passed the Senate without a single
objection ; and why it failed to pass the House
I cannot say.
Mr. HAMLIN. Let me state for the con-
sideration of the Senate, the facts precisely as
they are. I agree to what the Senator has
said: there was reported in the Senate a bill
to admit to registry in this country three or
four foreign-owned vessels. That the Senator
knows, and every Senator here knows, is
against the policy of the country, against the
policy of the Government from the day of its
foundation to the present time; but in the last
days of the session, although not then a mem-
ber of this body, 1 was in the Hall when it was
done. Mr. Fessendeu did move to that bill a
section which gave to the biig Venilia the same
rights. That was a different case ; it did not
involve the question of bringing foreign-built
vessels here. We have a law standing on our
statute-book which provides that where three
fourths of the value of a wrecked vessel is put
upon it in repairs by our own mechanics she
shall bo entitled to a register. This brig Venilia
did not quite come within that rule. The
owner purchased her upon the rocks ; she was
a wrecked vessel. No man could tell precisely
what it would come to; it lacked a few dollars
of the three fourths. In such cases we have
always been in the habit of varying by special
law that rule a little. We have done it in two
cases this morning. Mr. Fessenden put that
amendment on in no way to embarrass the other
measure, and it was in accordance with the
uniform practice of the Senate and of Con-
gress. It went to the House. The House
refused to pass the bill; and why? Because
they would not violate the general policy of the
country in admitting foreign vessels to regis-
ter here? The House have taken the part of
the bill which Mr. Fessenden proposed and
passed it and sent it to us ; and now the Sen-
ator from Michigan and the Senate Committee
on Commerce have added this on. I am sure
there was not a man on that committee who
would have voted to add it if he had understood
the matter precisely as it was. Now, 1 say,
let this House bill pass as it is, and then when
the question comes up of admitting these for-
eign vessels to register it will be time enough
to discuss the question.
This is a fair statement of the case. It is
unjust. This vessel has been hauled up at the
dock and has been there for a year and a half,
and she cannot register. I undertake to say
there is not one man in the House or one man
in the Senate who would vote against giving
her a register; but you incumber it here with
four other vessels of foreign manufacture,
owned still in a foreign country, and you ask
that they shall be admitted here to register in
violation of the uniform rule of the Govern-
ment. Under this view, I appeal to the Sen-
ator from Michigan to withdraw the amend-
ment; and if he will not withdraw it I appeal
to the Senate to vote it down.
M-. CHANDLEll. The Senator has made
a very serious mistake  
Mr. HAMLIN. I have stated the facts just
as Uiey are.
Mr. CUANDLElt. The Biitish bark Veni-
lia was very little damaged. It is a mere mat-
ter of grace whether we admit any ol these
vessels to American register. It is^contrary
to law. Vv'e make the law that admits them.
1 submit that ibe ease of these four ships is
stronger than that of the bark Venilia. She
knocked a hole in her bottom, ami it cost next
to noihiPg to rrpais her. It will be no hard-
ship sow to say, "Inasmuch as you have
plugged up that hole, go off and sail under your
own Hag." That was all the injury done to
her; she simply"knocked a hole in her bottom,
and was hardly damaged at all. It is a matter
of grace in any event, and I again submit that
my case is the stronger of the two. As the
Senate passed this bill before without a solitary
objection I am surprised that the Senator from
Maine objects now. I hope he will withdraw
hi£ objection.
Mr. HAMLIN. I say we have sent it once
to the House, and they refused to act upon
them together, and have sent us this bill singly;
and now the Senator seeks to clog it agaiu.
Mr. NYE. If the argument of the Senator
from Michigan is true all we have to do to get
ships enough is to send some of our people
over to England and let them marry into the
Cunard line. Anybody can marry a ship.
[Laughter. J v
Mr. CHANDLER,. No ; there is another
way—knock them on a rock.
Mr. NYE. All they have to do is to go
over on the Clyde and marry; and where a
man inherits his wife's ship he can get ail
American register 1 I object to this. It is
against our whole policy, and it is a way by
indirection of overturning it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the Com-
mittee ou Commerce.
The amendment was rejected.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without, amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
HEPRtKTlSfO OF A HEPORT.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move to take up
for consideration House bill No. 1CG9, for the
relief of Harriet 13. Parker.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. With the Sen-
ator's permission I desire to make a statement,
and to correct the Journal, perhaps. On a
former day 1 made a report from the joint
Committee on the Library ; in point, of fact,, a
report of a sub-committee. It was not written
by me, but was written by a member of the
committee in the other branch. I concurred
in it and signed it, and it became my duty to
report it to the Senate ; and having reported
it, I find that it is printed as a report of '• Mr.
Morrill, of Maine," who, it is said, " made
the following report." It is in no sense my
report, although I concurred in it and approve
of it; but being put in that way, without the
names of the sub-committee, I desire to move
that, it be corrected and reprinted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine desires that the report made by himself
from the joint Committee on the Library on
Senate bill No. 704 be repiiuted with the names
of the committee signed to it, so that the au-
thorship of it shall be disclosed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It was really |
drawn by the member of the joint Committee j
on the Library from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Woqu-
WAiti).] I wish that fact to be stated.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report will
be reprinted with the names of the sub-com-
mittee attached.
HARRIET E. parkl',11.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move to take up
House bill No. 1009. _ j
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate, as !
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con- |
sider the bill (II. R. No. IGGCl) for the relief of j
Harriet E. Parker. The hill declares Harriet ;
E. Parker entitled to all the rights which her j
husband, William H. Parker, deceased, may |
have had as discoverer to two small islands in j
the south Pacific ocean, called Johnson's and j
Agnes's Islands, situated in latitude 10° 46/ j
north, and longitude 109° 20' west. It also
allows twelve months from its passage to Har-
riet E. Parker to perfect title to the islands
and provide for and seenreher interests therein
as if it had been done by William II. Parker,
deceased, within twelve months alter his death.
Mr. SUMNER. Is there any report accom-
panying the bill? It is a very important, bill
which must call for some discussion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There does not
appear to be a report, but there are papers of
some length accompanying the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. It involves a question of
jurisdiction in the Pacific ocean, and I think
the Senate ought not to act upon it except upon '
a very careful report of a committee, sustained
by the opinions, I think, of our Coast Survey
and hydrographic bureau.
Mr. CHANDLER. All that it does is to
restore to this widow any right her husband
may have had at the time of his death. There
can be no opposition to it, I think.
Mr. SPENCER. I do not know how a com-
mittee could more carefully examine the case.
They went to the Coast Survey office, examined
all the data, and were perfectly satisfied on the
subject.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the chairman of the
committee tell me what right an individual cau
obtain by discovery to au island in the ocean?
Ilis Government can obtain some rights by his
discovery; but pray what rights can the indi-
vidual himself obtain by discovery? I never
heard of such a thing before.
Mr. CHANDLER. If this individual had
no rights, then his widow is restored to no
rights. The bill puts her precisely in the posi-
tion of her husband when he died. That is
all there is to it—nothing more, nothing less.
It guaranties no rights, establishes no rights,
but simply puts the widow in the position ol the
husband.
Mr. SUMNER. Let the bill be read.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. SPENCKR. There is an amendment
reported by the committee striking the word
"south" out and inserting " north;" so as to
read "north Pacific ocean;" and also in sec-
tion two, alter the word ''same," in line three,
to insert " by possession and occupation," so
that it will read;
That twelve months fiom the passage of ibis act
arc hereby allowed to tho said Harriot E. Parker to
pcrlcet title to tho saino by possession and occupa-
tion, <Sro.
Mr. T1ITJR.MAN. The first section of tho
bill proposes that, Mrs, Parker shall have only
the rights which her husband had by virtue of
his discovery. Now, it is so plainly an impos-
sibility for an individual to acquire individual
rights by the discovery of a waste or desert
country that there is no use in passing such a
bill as this at all j and I move that it belaid on
the table.
Mr. VICKERS. Will the Senator withdraw*
that motion for a moment?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly, to accommo-
date ray friend from Maryland.
Mr. VICKERS. If the Senator will listen
to the act of Congress he will see that it is not
an impossibility, but that there is a possibility
and a propriety in it. in 1856 Congress passed
an act providing—
"That when any citizen or citizens of the United
States may have discovered, or shall hereafter dis-
cover, a deposit of guano on any inland, ror-k, or key
not within the lawful jurisdiction ol any othei Gov-
ernment, and not occupied by tho citizens of any
other Government, and Khali tako peaccablc posses-
sion thereof, and occupy the same,said inland, rock,
or key may, at the discretion of the President of tho
United states, be consideied an appertaining to tho
United Stales: Provided,, however. That notice be
given by >;uch disco\erer or discoverers, as soon as
practicable, to the State Department of the United.
States o£ such discovery, occupation, and possession,
verified by affidavit, describing said island, rock, or
key, and the latitude and longitude thereof,near
as may be, and showing- that such possession was
taken m the name of the United States, and that
satisfactory evidence be furnished to the State De-
partment that such island, rock, or key was not, at
the time of the discovery thereof, or of the. taking*
possession and occupation thereol by the claimants,
in the possession or occupation of any other Gov-
ernment or of the citizens of any otherGovernment.
"Sr.c.ii And he it farther amcU d, That the said dis-
coverer or discoverers, or his or their assigns, being
citizens ot the United States, may be allowed, at tho
plea&uio of Congress, tho exclusive n<?ht Ot occupy-
in? said island, roeks, or keys, for the purposq ot
obtaining said jruanu, .md <>* .m<l deim-rms
the same to citt^ens of !bo United State.', tor the
