2540
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ApriL 9,
arc almost totally worthless, and if they are
so worthless as this argument would see;:i to
indicate then, pray, why do they want niuie
of tlicin? If twenty-five thousand acres of
land per mile, or as near that as may be found
011 tho odd-numbered sections within a sweep
of a hundred miles, are so utterly worthless as
not to be a sufficient inducement to capitalists
1o put their money in this line, it seems to me
that a little more of the same kind of worthless
land could be of but little use to them.
But, sir, tho applicants for this increased
subsidy do not understand these lands to be
worthless. They are doubtless men of intel-
ligence. They have read what lias been writ-
ten and published with reference to the topog-
raphy of this part of our country. They know
that on account of the reasons to which I have
referred, as well as on account of the great
depression in the mountain ranges west of the
lakes, giving free access to the humid atmos-
phere from tho Pacific ocean, this whole line
of country is a fruitful country; that it pro-
duces grass and timber up* to the very foot of
the Rocky mountains, and through all the val-
leys of the, various mountain ranges, until you
approach within a few hundred miles of the Pa-
„.lie coast, where the whole country is densely
overod with immense forests. It is not a desert,
therefore, if any one will take tho trouble to
read tho report <>t Governor Steven:: of his
exploration of thin proposed lino of road he
will ascerlaiu that from actual observation and
personal iivipaetion it is found to bo a fertile
country. This being so, it becompi manifest,
,m it seems to me, thai, the quantity of land
already granted is sufficient inducement to
enable the company, if they can be induced
by a grant ot land, to build this road.
The only escape fiora this conclusion has
been suggested by the honorable Senator from
Michigan, the chairman of the Committee on
flie Pacific Railroad. lie says that this part
of tho .joint resolution does not propose to in-
crease the number of acres; it, merely gives an
additional breadth on each side of the bound-
uiy of tiie old grant in which to select lands
that, may have been disposed of either previous
to the dale of the old law or since its passage ;
and that they will not ho able, therefore, to se-
cure any more land if this measure passes than
they are entitled to under the old law. This is
technically true as slated by him ; but, as I at
templed to show on last Thursday, when this
question was pending before the Senate, practi-
cally it is a proposition to increase the grant; for
in nearly every other case, where lands have been
gran tod the total amount nominally described in
tho law is not received by the company. More
or less of tho land proposed to bo granted un-
der the charters of any of the existing railroad
companies, ii is found, was, previous to the
date of the laws, disposed of in some other
way, either by reservations or by occupancy
by homestead and preemption settlers. So
that in this respect thiscompauy has the same
rights and will acquire proportionally the same
Quantity ot land within the limits of fifty miles
on each side of tho line, under tho existing
statute, that other companies have received
which have been subsidised by land grants.
But, Mr. President, if any one will take the
trouble to examine the existing statute, he will
ascertain that tliis^ company will derive more
lauds than companies have ordinarily derived
ttuuor similar grants. Usually there is excepted
out of every railroad grant of land all mineral
lands,without any provision for an equivalent.
The grantees are authorized to select an equiv-
alent for lands settled on by homesifead and
preeaiption settlers and for lands that have
oei n otherwise reserved by the Government
fi r Indian tribes or for military uses, but not
an equivalent for mineral lands. By looking
at the act making the grant to this company it
will be seen that Congress at the date of its
passage was willing to give the company tho
additional advantage, not usually granted to
railroad companies, of selecting an equivalent
for all mineral lands found within the limits
of forty miles on cach side of their line. The
phraseology is loose, to say tho least; I doubt
what the construction would be by the Depart-
ment; but if, is probable, if not nearly certain,
that they will be compelled to construe that
law so as to enable the company to take those
lands anywhere without limitation as to extent.
They are not limited to a margin of ten miles
to the north and to the south of their line in
which to select an equivalent for mineral lands,
but may select an equivalent for the whole
amount of mineral lands that may be found
within these exterior limits. If I am right in
this, then this is not only a grant fourfold
greater in quantity than that usually conferred
on companies, but their opportunities to secure
the whole amount, or very nearly the whole
amount, are greater under the existing statutes
than other companies are entitled to.
But the greatest objection in my mind to
extending the exterior boundaries of this grant
grows out of my conviction that that is a very
good country, a very good grazing and grain-
growing country, capable of a reasonably dense
population; that at no distant day in the future
it will be inhabited by American citizens, will
be carved np into States, and that other rail- i
roads will be desirable. If you grantaway tho |
whole of the land across the-western part of j
our continent, within a sweep of one hundred j
and twenty miles, to one railroad company, :
you render it practically impossible to furnish
similar aid for other parallel and lateral road".
What would bo the condition of the people-
of Washington city if you had a railroad at Bull,
more and not one mile nearer this city ? Thar,
is but about forty miles from the capital of the
nation. Why, sir, this railroad company under
the existing statute would, if its line of road
extended through tho city of Baltimore, absorb
the land between the two cities, all the odd sec-
tions, were it public land. How would you grant
aid to a company that might desire to build a
lateral road from Washington to Baltimore?
You would not have one acre of land to grant
That is but forty miles. This company now
has the option of selecting all available lands
within a sweep of fifty miles on each side, and
the proposition is to extend it still ton miles
more, to make it sixty, one and a half time as
far as from here to Baltimore, if that, is a
reasonably good country, as 1 believe, as good
on the average as the country lying between
this city and Baltimore, is it wise, is it states-
manlike, to bestow tho whole bounty on one
company? There is no pressing necessity for
doing this.
If I am right in the conclusions I have drawn
this company may begin and build its read at
the northern point of Lake Superior, and suc-
ceed iu building tho road across the State of
Minnesota at least, with the subsidy it now has,
being just double that which has enabled and
is now enabling other companies to construct
parallel and lateral roads in the same country
and in the same district of country, and, as far
as the Senate is informed, with the same kind
of land. If they can do so across Minnesota
with twenty sections per mile, the presumption
is that they would be ablo to do so with what
they would find in double that area of country
west of the State of Minnesota.
It is said, however, that Congress did make
a large grant of land, amounting to ten sections
of land per mile, on either side of the lino of
the Union Pacific railroad, and also granted a
subsidy in Government bonds for the construc-
tion of that road. Well, Mr. President, the
bonds were intended to be but a loan. It was
intended by the laws of 1862 and 1864. that the
Government should merely loan its credit to
that company to the amount of tho bonds issued
in its favor, and that tho company should be re-
quired to pay the interest on the bonds, and the
principal, too, at maturity; but the Senate can-
not have forgotten the influences brought to
bear on Congress to secure an increase of sub-
sidy after the passage of the law of 1802. I
will not delay the Senate to recite the law of
18G2 and the amended law qf 1884. I hope I
may be pardoned, however, for referring to a
few of the considerations to which I allude.
The law of 1862 chartering the Union Pa-
cific Railroad Company, granted a subsidy to
the amount of $16,000 per mile, obligating
the company to pay the interest on the bonds
thus loaned by the United States as the cou-
pons matured. The bonds of the United States
thus advanced were made a first mortgage on
the road. But in the course of a year or two
the Senate and House of Representatives were
induced to believe, from the representations
made by railroad capitalists, that so small a
bounty as twenty sections of land per mile and
$10,000 in bonds per mile would not enable
them to succeed. They induced Congress to
yield the prior lien of the Government on the
road to secure the payment of the interest and
principal of the Government bonds advanced,
and authorized the company to put a prior
mortgage on the road, not only to the amount
qf §1(5,000 per mile, but for a large part of that
line ?32,000 per mile, and for three hundred
miles of it (which it was supposed would edver
the Rocky mountain ranges and the range 'of
the Sierra Nevada) to the amount of $48,000 a
mile, and also yielded tho right to insist on'the
company paying as interest more than one
half the amount which should accrue from
year to year.
Mr. President, since the passage of the law
of 1804 n large number of tho members of this
Senate have been across that part of the con-
tinent to California on tho line of that road.
Does anybody believe who is conversant with
the cost of the construction of a railroad that
any one mile of that road cost the subsidy
which tho company drew from the Govern-
ment in bonds, except it may have been some
deep fill or some long bridge like that over
Dale creek, in tho first mountain range reached ?
Does anybody acquainted with the cost of
either earth or rock excavation or embank-
ments, from a personal inspection of that line,
believe that the money valuo of the work done
that alone could not have been paid for, anil
more than paid for, by the sal«*of the Gov-
ernment, bonds alone, and those are but a sec-
ond mortgage on the road ? Whether the road
is worth the first, mortgage and tho second
mortgage, being $32,000 per mileon the plains,
and $00,000 a mile on the mountain ranges,
and $04,000 per mile between the eastern and
western mountain ranges, or not, I am not
prepared to say. ft may bo worth the whole
of this lien now existing on the road, the total
amount of the first mortgage bonds as well as
the Government's secondary lien ; but no one
believes that tho work over cost to exceed one
halt of that amount; and yet these railroad
men made us believe that that amount of sub-
sidy was needed. There was a pressing neces-
sity lor the road. We were in the midst of a
terrible military struggle for our national exist-
ence; it was very important, to have a direct
and rapid connection with the States of the
Pacific; and in order to secure this military
advantage Congress was willing to grant the
total amount that might be deemed necessary
in order to secure the construction of this line
ot road, though doubtless, under tho facts
as presented to Congress at the time, Congress
did right and acted wisely ; but we all now
know that we were misled. Weall now know
that, this vast subsidy was not necessary.
I he same influences are now being brought
to bear on this body, and will be on the other
doubtless, to make us and the nation believe
that this gigantic grant of land'heretofore made
to the Northern Pacific Railroad Company is
not enough.
We have been told by the honorable chair-
man, whose opinions I respect as muoh as I
do the opinions of any Other member of this
body, or as much as they can be respected by
any other member of this body, that this com-
pany have been scuffling along to try to build
