582
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 2,
Senate.
Naturalization—Mr. Tlmvman.
41st Com....2d Sess.
the United States. That makes two hundred
and thirty-four registers of bankruptcy, if yoa
appoint but one to a district.
in the State of Ohio we have nineteen con-
gressional districts and, of course, nineteen
iagisters in bankruptcy, of whom two are in
the city of Cincinnati. And now you propose
by this bill to compel a man to travel perhaps
the whole length and breadth of a congressional
district to get to one of these registers in bank-
ruptcy in order to declare his intention. Take
one of the congressional districts in the north-
western part of the State of Ohio., a district
containing ten counties, a district, in which a
man might be compelled before he could find
the register in bankruptcy to travel one hun-
dred and fifty miles going and coming. That
is what you do. Instead of allowing him to
go to the county seat in his county, as he may
now do, and before such a court as our court
of common pleas in Ohio declare his intention
to become naturalized—instead of that you
require him to travel perhaps the length and
breadth of an entire congressional district to
hunt up one of these registers in bankruptcy.
That will not do. Nor will it do as modified
upon the suggestion of the Senator from In-
diana; and J beg his attention to what I am
going to say in regard to his amendment.
The proposition of the Senator from Indiana
is that these registers in bankruptcy shall bo
required to travel around through the con-
gressional districts, and to bold a sitting in
each county at least once a year for the pur-
poses of naturalization. But is it not easy to
see that that puts it completely in the power
of the register whether people shall be natural-
ized or not? ile may give HuOicient time, or
he may not give suflicient time. He can fix
the time when he pleases in the year. He can
fix it early in the year, six months or more
before the election, and never go into that
county again until after the election takes
place. Nay, he may fix it nine months ov
eleven months even before the election, and
then by going once to the county, complying
in tnrms with the law in that respect, ho may
cut off hundreds of people from naturalization
who would be entitled to be naturalized before
the election takes place.
That, therefore, will not do. Now, weeome
to the next. As the law now stands, we have
seen that the alien must make a declaration of
his intention to become a citizen two years
before bo makes Ijis final application. 1 never
have been able to see, myself, the wisdom of
that provision. I never have been able to
understand why there should be that provision
in the law requiring a previous declaration of
intention. To my mind it serves no good pur-
pose whatsoever, and ought to be abolished.
There is no necessity for it whatsoever. In
fact it leads to mistakes. U opens the door to
fraud. It opens the door to frauds in this way:
that very often people have voted, and innp-
cently voted upon their certificate of declara-
tion of intention, when in point of fact they
were not entitled to vote, but ought to have
waited until they got their final certificate. But
now this bill not only preserves the unneces-
sary and impolitic provision requiring a dec-
laiation of intention, but it introduces new,
vexatious, insulting, and never before heard
of requirements, as follows:
Skc. 2. And be it further enactcd, That any alien
intending to apply lor naturalization sh.it!, at least
win mouth betoro buch application, file or enuhO to
i-c hied w uh the elork of the said respective court*,
or wit!) the t-;,'ul commissioner to whom such appli-
cation to be made, anotiee thalheintend^ to apply,
wii.ieli nob>-o mkiII be verified by the oath of such
:j, ;:uu ,>ha)l to the time at which t-ucu appli-
< i'i -:'i to hi1 made. the nomo of the town or ohico
witlrui ihuNMie t Ton itmy, or witbiu the District.
. «>l y.i.ii'uhut, in im 1) >uei  application js jmewled
{ ) I." Ill id'., ''N'l Vv !i. i ihe :i) h.l^ lCiid'-,d t< i
ih" y ir pi''f,'-u'h ,'pp!ic;iltO", his r<\-id >p'o
;-t i n • ! .rs'c, voi'i the > 1111 e * «ind number, (in c,k-u; he
i l. niy > m a htvici. 11   !■> Htum*d ;md houses
numbered,) and name of the keeper of the house in
which he Jives, tho name, age, occupation, arid na-
tionality of then pplioant, together with a description
of tho person of the applicant, including«j?c. height,
complexion, color of hair, color of eye**, and any other
distinguishing fact; anil the said notice shall also
contain the name and district of the commissioner,
tho titlo of the court or tho clerk with whom he filed
or made his declaration of intention, with tho dato
of tho declaration ; or if he claims to have arrived m
thiseountry befoze tho aso of eighteen, then the date
of such arrival; "or it he claims to have served tn the
Army or Navy, and to have been honorably dis-
charged, then the name in full of the regiment and
company or ve*:s>cl in which ho hut served and from
which ho was discharged; and the commissioner or
clerk of tho court shall note upon such notice when
received tho dato of ita reception, and shall keep the
same on file subject to public inspection, and shall
give copies thoicof, orallowcopiesto be taken when-
ever required; and no application fornaturahzation
shall ho heard ov granted unless noticc shall have
been filed with tho commissioner or clerk as alore-
said, nor in any other term or month than such as is
specified in such notice; except that any application
having beon duly made aftep films notice as afore-
said may bo twice publicly continued by tho court
or commissioner, for reasonable cause, to a day cer-
tain, publicly announced, and indorsed by the cora-
jjuif&ionei or clcik on tho notice.
S'5C. 3. And be it further mottled. That the said
courts or commissioner in adjudicating whether tho
said alien shall be admitted to citizenship, shall
require the oath of the applicant that ho has resided
four years and six mouths in the United State.*, and
within the tftato or Territory where such application .
i« made, at least one year next prior thereto, and j
shall also require theroto tho testimony of at least
ono other witness who knows the said fact* and who
h aeihzeu ; and nonrnot of declaration ofintention
havinjf been m.ulo shall he received except the rec-
ord, or a certified cupv of the icior<l of such declar-
ation ; and any pei>on shall bo at liberty to produce
evidence oi :«how cause advoisely to the said appli-
cation. And if iiny person shall filo with tho com-
niUMoner or cleric an affidavit that lie believes that
Mich intended application is fraudulent, and lhat ho
intend* to contest tho same, such affidavit shall be
attached to tho notice ot apphcitinn to winch it
relate*; and ihcoomi/ussioner or cleik ot'coui't shall
make a li^t of such contested cases, ami a day or
<lavs vshaH be fixed for (ho hearing thereof, jrivinp: at
least two days' public notice in court of such hear-
ings and no cases m> contested and placed upon tho
h>t an aforesaid fdiall be heard by the com t or com-
missioner, exeeptupou the daysso fixed, except that
upon such days tho hearing of any or ail cases may
he publicly postponed to a day or days certain for
reasonable cause. Tho hearings of all eases, con-
tested or uncontested, shall be public and in oi)en
court, by and before tho judges and commissioners
thereof. Each case shall bo heard and decided sep-
arately by tho court or commissioner; no affidavits
shall bo admitted; and any attorney-at-law shall bo
permitted to cross-examine any applicant or his wit-
ne^os, and to offer counter-evidence, conformably
to tho rules of law. Tho notioo of application pro-
vided (or in section two shall bo produced to tho
court or commissioner in each case, and the court or
eomininsionershall require satisfactory cvidonco that
tho applicant is tho same person named in thenotico,
and tho same who made tho declaration ofintention
stated in the said nofico. /Tho names of tho wit-
nesses in each ease shall bo indorsed by tho clerk or
commissioner upon the noticc, which shall bo pro-
served bv the elork or commissioner, and copies fur-
nished whenever reciuired; and tho certificate of
naturalization in each easo shall set forth tho dato
and place of the declaration of mtcution, the names
of tho persons who testified that such applicant had
resided in the United States for four years and six
mouths, and in tho said State or Territory for ono
year as aforesaid, tho personal description of tho
applicant in full, as set forth in his notice of appli-
cation, and tho fact that the said applicant has sat-
isfied tho court or commissioner that the lacts set
forth in tho said notice of application aro true, and
has complied with all the requirements of tho laws
as to naturalization. And a record shall be kept by
paid courts of all proceedings hud before them relat-
ing to cases ofnaturalizaiion ; and tho commissioners
shall, respectively, make a record of alt such pro-
ceeding had before them, and return the fame within
ten days after their final determination, duly authen-
ticated. to the district court of their respective dis-
tricts, then to become and remain a part of the
records of such court.
Skc.4. And be it further enacted, That tho declara-
tion ofintention to become a citizen required bylaw
shall be made and filed one year and six months
before tho making of the application of any alien to
be naturalized; but the adjudication admitting any
alien to the rights of citizenship shall be made and
entered on record, and the certificate of naturaliza-
tion founded thereon shall have been issued for six
months before such adjudication or certificate shall
be eftective.
Here a man is to give notice of hisintention
under oat.Ii to apply for his certificate of natu-
ralization and when he will apply, and that is
to l>u limiy di\s before lie m ilies the nppliea-
lion. And now, sn, it is provided that that
application must be made at the time specified
in that notice ; with what reason ? No good
reason whatsoever ; none can exist, for there
is the man's application on file, and no good
reason can be given why, having given notice
of that application, he may not be heard at
any reasonable nine afterward. Yon see, then,
how this thing is hampered around.
Bat now let me call your attention, Mr.
President, to another thing in section three,
another innovation upon the law and another
insult to every foreign-born person in the coun-
try. Tho application comes to be heard. What
is t.he applicant to do? The bill says, first :
That tho said courts or commissioner, in ailjudi-
cating whether tho said alien shall bo iidinirti'd tn
citizenship, shall require tho oath of the applicant
that he h.is resided four year? and six months in tho
"United States, and within the Stalo or Territory
whero such application is made at least one year
next prior thereto—
And then, mark it—
and shall also require thereto the testimony of at
least one other witness who knows tho said facts,
and who is a citizen.
Mark that! "And who isa citizen." He is
to prove his residence here for five years, not
by his own oath alone, but by some person
who is a citizen ; he cannot prove it by au
alien. Under the law as it now stands a man
may prove his residence by any competent
witness, except, in a very few excepted eases.
Mr. DRAKLC. I think not.
Mr. TIIURMAN. I think ho can. The
Senator is mistaken.
Mr. DHAKI'j. Mr. President 
Mr. TIIURMAN. If the Senator will hear
me lie will hnd that I am right.
Mr. DUAIvE. I think the Senator is mis-
taken.
Mr. TIIURMAN. I wiU not stop to look
into it; but I say that is the law, as I under-
stand it. However, if it is questioned, I have
the law bcl'ore me and we can see in a mo-
ment who i.s right. I find nothing at all in the
general law of 1802 that requires the fact that
the man has resided five years in the country
to be proved by a citizen. If there is such a
thing I have entirely overlooked it.
Mr. DRAKE. Can the honorable Senator
spare that statute for a moment?
Mr. THURMAN. I will send the Senator
the book. What, then, is the provision in
this bill but to declare that every man who is
not a citizen of the United States is unworthy
of belief, and therefore his testimony cannot
be taken ? Did you ever see such a sweeping
disfranchisement as that ? A man who can be
a witness on the trial of a person for his life,
the very man upon whose testimony a citizen
may lose his life, ihts very mnn upon whose
testimony the highest, property rights in tho
country ma\ be determined, that person by
this bill is not to be a competent witness to
prove that an individual ha.' resided five years
in the United Stales, and lie the very person,
perhaps the only person, who would be likely
to know it.
Why, sir, what is the reason of this proposi-
tion? It is simply to prevent people from being
naturalized. A man comes to this country.
With him come some other persons. They
come together in large numbers. The persons
who come with him know when he landed;
they know how long he has been here; they
know where lie has resided. But how is it
possible for him, in the State of Wisconsin, in
the State of Nevada, in the State of California,
or even in the State of Ohio—how is it possible
for him to produce there a citizen of the United
States who can prove when he landed in New
York? lie cannot, nine times out of ten, do
it. It is simply io prevent, people from being
naturalized that this piovision is introduced,
that the witness must be a citizen.
Again I tay it is an insult, to every man in
the. country who is not a citizen. There was a
