1596
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
State of Missouri; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
tbe Post Office and Post Iioada.
cuaulk3 scnimcKn.
Mr. ASPER also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1379) for the relief of Charles Schreiber,
of St. Joseph, Missouri, for property taken and
used by the Federal soldiers during the late
rebellion; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of Claims,
and, with the accompanying papers, ordered
to be printed.
bartholomew coc3is.
Mr. MeCOIiMICK introduced a bill (Q. R.
No. 1880) for the relief of certain purchasers
of lands from the legal representatives of Bar-
tholomew Cousin ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands.
SWAMP AND OVERFLOWED LANDS.
Mr. McCORMICK also introduced a bill (H. :
R. No. 1381) Mthorifting the Commissioner of
the General Land Office to receive additional
proof h  relation tossr&mp and overflowed
lands in the State of Missouri ; which was read
a first and. second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands.
UKMOVAI, OK.POLITICAL DISABILITIES. I
Mr. BURDE1T introduced a bill (H. R. |
No. 1382) for the removal of political disabili-
ties; which was. read a first and second time, [
and referred to the select Committee On Recon- i
etruction.
laclede and fort soott railroad.
Mr. BOYD introduced a joint resolution (H.
R. No. 176) granting land for right of way
to the Laclede and Fort Scott Railroad Com-
pany ; which was read a first and second time,
referre<ito the Committee on the Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
IMPROVE SHUT «F THIS 06A6E RIVER.
Mr. FINKKLNBURG introduced a bill(H.
B. No. 1383) to provide for the improvement
of the Osage river, i* the State of Missouri;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
arkansas s5ch00* tanb8.
Mr. BOOTS introduced tt bill (H. R. No.
13841 to allow the school trustees in the State ^
of Arkansas to enter land for school purposes
ander the homestead law; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on Education and Labor, and ordered to
be printed.
COURT 0* CLAIMS.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE introdaoed a bill (H. j
R. No. 1385) to allow *a appeal from the Court |
of Claims to the Supreme Court ia certain j
cases; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
1hprotembnt of ahnapee rivkr.
Mr. SAWYER introduced bill (H. R. No.
1380) to authorize the Secretary of War to
examine and survey the month of the Ahnapee
river, in tbe State of Wisconsin, on Lake Mich-
igan ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee oo Commerce.
fublio lamps.
Mr. SARGENT introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1387) to ametid an act entitled "An. act to
reduce the expenses of the survey and sale of j
the public lands of the United States;" which j
was read a first-and second time, and referred j
to the Committee on the Public Lands.
HAtL<-3TEAMSIIIP SBKVIOE.
Mr. SARGENT also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1388) to provide for increased mail-
steamship service between San Francisco and
China; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the select Committee on the
Causes of the Reduction of American Ton-
nage.
f. A. conwell.
Mr. WILKINSON introduced a joint reso-
lution (H. It. No. 177) for tho relief of F. A.
; Conwell; which was read a first and second
1 time, and referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
; oregon provisional government.
i Mr. SMITH, of Oregon, introduced a bill
(EL. R. No. 1389) to provide for the payment
of certain claims against the provisional gov-
ernment of Oregou; which was read a first
and second time, uud, with the accompanying
papers, referred to the Committee of Claims.
kansas and gulf railway company.
Mr. CLARKE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
I 1800) to incorporate the Kansas, Indian Terri-
' tory, and Gulf Railway Company, and to enable
j the Missouri River, Fort Scott, and Gulf, and
the Leavenworth, Lawrence, and Galveston
Railroad Companies to unite upon and con-
struct a Bingle track through the Indian terri-
tory, and to reach the Gulf; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad, and ordered to
be printed.
b. ii. reed.
Mr. CLARKE also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1891) for the relief of B. H. Reed; which
was. read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
bolivar board of education.
Mr. McGREW introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1392) for the relief of the board of education
of Bolivar township, Jefferson county, West
Virginia; which was read a first and second
time, and, with the accompanying papers, re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
RAILWAY IN NEBRASKA.
Mr, TAFFE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1398) to aid in the construction of tbe Fremont,
Elkhorn, and Missouri Valley railroad and tel-
egraph line of Nebraska, via Niobrara river,
to Fort Berthold, in the Territory of Dakota;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
wagon-roads in dakota.
Mr. SPINK introduced a bill (H.. R. No.
1394) to atqend the act of the 3d of March,
186o, providing for the construction of certain
wagon-roads in the Territory of Dakota; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Railways and Canals, and
ordered to be printed.
ciiacncey m. l0ckw00d.
Mr. SHAFER introduced a joint resolution
(H. R..No. 178) for the relief of Chauncey M.
Lockwood ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
taxes on pork packers, etc.
The SPEAKER, The call of the States
for the reference of bills and joint resolutions
being concluded, the States will now be called
in their order, beginning with the State of
Iowa, where the call rested on Monday last,
for the introduction of House resolutions or
joint resolutions. At the expiration of the
morning hour on Monday last a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 171) construing section four
of the act of March 31, 1868, introduced by
the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. McOSart,]
was pending, which the Clerk will read, after
which the Chair will state the position of the
question.
The joint resolution was read. It declares
that section four of an act to exempt certain
manufactures from internal taxes, and for other
purposes, approved March 31, 1868, was not
intended to embrace within its provisions or
treat as . manufacturers, pork packers, lard
venders, or others engaged in smoking haras,
curing meats, or others known as in the pro- !
vision trade, and that the said section shall
not be so construed by any public officer.
The second section provides that all money
collected under any such construction of said
section shall be refunded to the respective par-
ties in the manner now provided by law for
refunding taxes improperly or illegally col-
lccted.
The SPEAKER. The previous question
had been seconded and the main question
ordered on this joint resolution. This was
afterward reconsidered by the House, and the
gentleman [Mr. McCrary] now rises to move
to amend.
Mr. McCRARY. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the second section.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman moves to
amend by striking out the second section, and
on that amendment callsthe previous question.
Mr. SCHENCK. I did not understand that
the gentleman demanded the previous question.
Mr. McCRARY. I intended to do so.
The SPEAKER. It is the universal habit
of the Chair to put the question in that form,
because otherwise the resolution could not be
entertained.
Mr. SCHENCK. Perhaps the gentleman
did not want it entertained.
Mr. McCRARY. I have moved the previous
question.
Mr. SCHENCK. I merely wish to notify
the House that this subject is being considered
by the Committee of Ways and Means.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The question was put on seconding the pre-
vious question ; and there were—ayes CO, noes
47; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Schenckand
Mr. McCrary were appointed.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a_ question of
order. I would inquire whether it is in order
for mo to state that at the instance of the
Committee of Ways and Means I called the
attention of the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue to this matter, and he told me he had
suspended the collection of these taxes ?
The SPEAKER. No statement is in order.
Mr. COX. I think the question is not fully
understood. I understand the motion is to
strike out the refunding section.
The SPEAKER. It is.
The House divided on seconding the previous
question ; and the tellers disagreed as to the
result.
New tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Randall
and Mr. Allison were appointed.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. What will be
the effect of seconding the previous question?
The SPEAKER. To bring the House di-
rectly to a vote upon striking out the second
section of the joint resolution.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Only?
The SPEAKER. Only.
Mr. BROOKS, of Netf York. It will not
operate upon the joint resolution also ?
The SPEAKER. The next question will bo
upon the engrossment of the joint resolution
as amended, if the second section shall be
stricken out.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Will the pre-
vious question operate upon that?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood
the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. McCrary]
only to demand the previous question on the
amendment. The Chair, however, will ba
bound to recognize the gentleman who intro-
duced the resolution to call the previous ques-
tion on the resolution as amended.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. There is no
objection to the amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I wish to know whether
it is in order to state that the Committee of
Ways and Means are considering this matter,
and that in the mean time the collection of the-
tax has been suspended at their request?
The SPE AKE R. It is not in order to make
any statement.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 74, noes 43.
