4428
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
purpose of being used therein; and may be allowed
to charge and receive for every ton thereof delivered
alongside a vessel, in proper tubs, within reach of
ship's tackle, a sum not exceeding eight dollars per
ton for the best quality, o - four dollars per ton in its
native place of deposit."
Captain Parker, while sailing on his voyage
to China, following the flight of the birds, dis-
covered two very small guano islands. Ho
planted upon the islands the American flag,
took possession of them in the name of the
United States, built a small house for shelter,
and left one or two persons in possession.
After completing his voyage, immediately on
his return to the United States, he came to
Washington to make his report to the State
Department, in pursuance of this act of Con-
gress. But within a day or two after his arri-
val he died suddenly. The war soon after
commenced, and in consequence of that and
other circumstances Mrs. Parker has been
delayed in making her application.
All this proof was before the committee. She
now only asks to be placed in-the condition of
her husband. He has left her poor and desti-
tute, and she asks that the rights which her
husband would have had if he had made his
report to the State Department shall inure to
her. This bill places her in the position of her
husband aud gives her 110 other right than her
husband would have had if he had lived to
make his report to the State Department.
These islands are small, having some guano
upon them, and they will be visited by other
persons and the guano removed unless else has
this authority granted by Congress.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, the diffi-
culty in dealing with this question now is that
it requires a knowledge of facts with regard to
which we have no official evidence. There is
no report. Our committee has not felt it im-
portant enough to make one. The case must
therefore stand simply On the bill and the
statements of the Senator from Maryland. Of
course, whatever that Senator says within his
own knowledge 110 one would defer to more
promptly than I should. But here is an im-
portant question of title in an island situated
on the other side of thellawaiiansinthe Pacific
ocean, with regard to which we have no precise
information.
Now, may I remind you, sir. that one of the
incidents in the official life of Mr. Webster,
which perhaps caused as much regret as any
other to his friends, was a letter written by
another and signed by him as Secretary of
State asserting title asa discoverer to an island
known as the Lobos Island, ou the coast of
Chili, assuming that it was discovered by an
American navigator. The name of the island
being Spanish, signifying " seal island," should
have suggested to any careful inquirer that it
was known before an American navigator had
visited it. Mr. Webster signed a letter, assert-
ing the title of the American navigator to that
island as founded on his discoveries. The
island was subsequently pointed out on Spanish
charts, and, as I have already said, the name
itself indicated that there had been another and
a Spanish discoverer.
1 refer to that by way of illustration. Here
we are called upon now to assert title to two
islands in the Pacific ocean; and allow me to
say, that on looking at the papers in the case,
which have been brought to me by parties in
interest, I findthat there isa great dealof con-
fusion as to what islands were intended. There
are two islands that lie reasonably near the
Hawaiian islands; 1 hey are probably the isl-
ands intended; bat, there are still other islands,
known sometimes as the Cornwallis Islands,
much further westward, which have sometimes
been supposed to bo the islands first visited by
Captain parker. There is or there has been
much confusion on this question.
There was a point which I desired settled by
our Coast Survey or the hydrographic bureau,
some competent authority that should give a
statement that should let us know precisely
what were the islands intended, what was their
history so far as known, and whether th#y had
ever been discovered or visited by any prior
navigator. On all that we have nothing. The
bill assumes discovery by Captain Parker, but
we have nothing official on which we can go.
But this is not all. The Senator from Mary-
land has very properly introduced the statute
known sometimes familiarly as our guano act,
by which the rights of our American discover-
ers to the guano islands are placed under a
certain protection, and he has read that act at
length; and now, if you will allow me to call
your attention to its language, you will see that
such an island may "at the discretion of the
President of the United States, be considered
as appertaining to the United States."
Have we any evidence that the President has
exercised that discretion? It is within my
knowledge, from some of the papers that have
passed through my hands, that the President
lias been addiessed on this subject; but have
we any knowledge that he has exercised the
discretion which the statute requires? Then
it is further provided :
"That notice be given by such discoverer or dis-
coverers, as soon as pra,ctieab] e, to the State Depart-
ment of the United States of such discovery, occupa-
tion, and possession, verified by affidavit, describing
said island, rock, or key, and the latitude and longi-
tude thereof, as near as maybe, and showing that
such possession was taken ill the name of the United
States, and that satisfactoiy evidence be furnished to
the State Department that such is and, rock, or key
was not at the timo of the discovery thereof, or of
tbo taking possession and occupation thereof by the
clo.ima.nts, in the possession or occupation of any
other Government or of the citizens of any other
Government."
There is a proviso which is in the nature of
a condition-precedent, certain things that must
be done before any title can be recognized in
the American discovcrer. First, there must bo
notice to the State Department, verified by
affidavit, describing the island ; and then fur-
ther—mark, if you please—not only notice but
satisfactory evidence to the State Department
that such island, rock, or key was not at the
time of the discovery thereof in possession or
occupation of any other Government. There
are two conditions or branches of the condition-
precedent which i3 put under this proviso.
Have these conditions been complied with?
Who is there ready to affirm that they have
been? I suggested sometime ago, when this
bill was called up, that whenever it came again
there should be a careful report touching, first,
the original discovery and the precise position
of the islands in the Pacific ocean, and also
the political question whether they do belong
to any other Power, or any other Power has
any claim thereto, and then there should also
be a report on all these conditions required by
the statute, the evidence of which ought to be
in the Department of State. I hoped when
this bill was called up to-day that some such
report would be found among the papers. It
is not there, and I must say that I think it
would be very hasty and very indiscreet in
Congress by legislation to recognize this title
and to assume compliance with these condi-
tions-precedent in the absence of all evidence
on the subject.
Mr. THUB.MAN. I have examined, Mr.
President, the statute to "which our attention
has been called by the Senator from Maryland,
and I beg leave to say that it in no wise mili-
tates againstthe proposition I advanced before,
that an individual cannot acquire any personal
title to land by discovery. That is a principle
so well settled, that the title to the waste or
desert lands acquired by the discovery of an
individual is a title that is acquired by his
Government and not by him as an individual,
that I could not suppose there could be any
legislation of Congress that would militate
against that proposition, and I find there is
none; at least this statute is not so at all.
What is this statute? The first section of
it provides, "that when a citizen of the Uni-
ted States may have discovered or shall here-
after discover a deposit of guano on any rock,
island," or the like, not belonging to any other
Power, and shall do certain things which are
here specified, as, for instance, take peaceable
possession of it, then "such island, rock, or
key may, at the discretion of the President of
the United States, be considered as appertain-
ing"—towhom? To the individual? No, sir;
"to the United States." In other words, the
whole effect of this first section is rather re-
strictive of the rights of the United States than
otherwise.
According to the law of nations, as estab-
lished ever since discoveries began almost, the
moment a waste country was discovered, and
taken possession of by an individual, eo instanti
it became the property of the nation to which
the discoverer belonged; but of course that
nation might disclaim any jurisdiction over it.
It might not want the possession. This sec-
tion does nothing more than to authorize the
President to exercise discretion as t<3 whether
it shall appertain to the United States or not.
Otherwise that question would have to be de-
cided by Congress ; Congress would have to
decide whether or no it would assert jurisdic-
tion over the waste country thus discovered by
a citizen of the United States. The whole effect
of this first section is to vest that discretion in
the President without requiring any act of
Congress on the subject whatsoever. That is
all there is of the first section.
Now, what is the second section? The sec-
ond section confers 110 title upon the discov-
erer, but simply provides that Congress may
grant to such discoverer the exclusive right to
take guano from the island, and to sell it to
citizens of the U nited States, restricting him to a
sale within the United States. It does nothing
whatsoever ; it does not even pledge that Con-
gress shall do such a thing. It simply says
what it might do if this section were not in the
bill at all, for if the island belonged to the
United States it would be at any time compe-
tent for any future Congress to grant to any
individual the right to take guar.o from the
island.
The second section, therefore, confers no
right. It is a matter wholly nugatory in point
of fact, because, as I said before, without it
any Congress eould grant an individual the
right to take guano from lands belonging to
the United States.
Now, I suggest, in view of this act, that this
bill is not at all in conformity with the act.
This bill is a bill which provides for giving to
Mrs. Parker or enabling her to acquire title to
the island. The act of Congress does not con-
template that the discoverer shall have any title
at all to the island, but that Congress may give
to him an exclusive right to take guano. That
is all the e.ct of Congress provides; and if this
bill is to be drawn in pursuance of the act of
Congress it ought to be an act to authorize this
individual to take the guano pursuant to the
second section of the law; but it is no such
thing as that. The bill is to enable her to per-
fect her title to the island. How can she perfect
hertitle to theisland? What can she do to per-
fect it? Y/hat act will perfect it? She might
build a city on the island and it would not give
her any right to the island. The island, if it
belongs to anybody, belongs to the United
States. If Captain Parker was the first dis-
coverer, the title to the island is in the Uni-
ted States, and there is nothing that she can
do that can give her the title to it. The Uni-
ted States could cede it to her, if they saw fit,
as private property; but that the bill does not
propose to do, but the bill says she may go
on and perfect her title.
What can she do, I once more repeat, to
perfect the title ? Absolutely nothing—noth-
ing whatsoever. The first step to be taken
is for the President, if it has not already been
done, to determine whether these islands shall
appertain to the United States; but we need
not wait for that. Congress may, if it sees fit,
declare that they do appertain to the United
States. The first thing to do is to assert our
jurisdiction over them ; and then if it is
