1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
285'
of justice—that any of these membefs were
ineligible. We have only the opinion of the
Governor and the opinions of some other gen-
tlemen. With reference to the opinion of the
Governor, I wish to call the attention of the
House io the opinion of General Meade, in
opposition to the opinion of the Governor. I
read from the report of General Meade at that
time:
''There is-one point in regard to the admission of
the State of Georgia to which I feel called upon to
make special allusion. When the Legislature was
convened by the pro visional governor and Governor-
elect .the question arose whether, as military com-
mander, I was called on to inquire into the eligibil-
ity of the members, either under the United States
laws or the constitution of Georgia. The conven-
tion of Georgia had in its ordinance calling an elec-
tion directed that all returns should be sent to the
military commander of the district, who was re-
quested to issue the necessary certificates of election.
In carrying out this request of the convention I
deemed my duty simply required that I should give
the member having the greatest number of votes the
ordinary certificate of election, and that it would be
for each house to decide on the eligibility of those
members whose seats were on any grounds contested.
While I admitted, as district commander executing
the law, I was to see that no one ineligible to office
under the fourteenth article constitutional amend-
ment should be allowed to take office, I did not see
that in the ease of a parliamentary body I was called
on todecido on the qualifications of the members.
In this view I was sustained by a telegram sent to
me for my information from the War Department,
which had been sent to the Governor of Louisiana
and the military commander of thefiflh district, and
which I quote:
Washington, June 30,1868.
To Governor Waumouth, New Orleans:
We think that persons disqualified under the four-
teenth article of the amendment to the Constitution
of the United States arc not eligible to your Legis-
lature. This is to be determined by the respective
houses, but no oath can be imposed except the oath
prescribed by the State constitution.
JAMES E. WILSON,
Chairman Judiciary Committee.
GEORGE S. BOUTWELL,
J. F. FAKNSWORTH,
II. E. PAINE,
Reconstruction Committee.
■ "It will be seen by the above telegram that the
distinguished gentlemen whose names were attached
were of tho opinion, first, that no one ineligible to
office under the fourteenth article could take a seat
in the Legislature; second, that tho respective houses
were to iudge of the question; third, that no oath
testing this eligibility could or should be prescribed
in advance of the meeting of the Legislature. These
views being in accordance with my own, I acted on
them, and was present at the organization of the two
houses of the Georgia Legislature, to the members
declared in my order as having the highest number
of votes, there being administered only the oath
prescribed by tho State constitution. After these
houses were organized, the provisional governor
informing me officially of their organization, but
that, as tar as he could learn, no steps had been
taken to test the question of the eligibility of mem-
bers under the fourteenth article, I replied to the
governor that until the State was admitted to rep-
resentation the Legislature and all the officers were
only provisional, and subject to the paramount
authority of the district commander, and that in the
exercise of this power I should consider all acts
of the Legislature null and void until satisfactory
evidence was presented to me that each house had
purged itself of ineligible members under the four-
teenth article, provided there were any such in cither
house; and 1 desired the provisional governor to
communicate these views to eaeh house. On the
receipt of this letter each hou.se at once ordered an
investigating committee and inquired into tho qual-
ification of each member, and duly reported this fact
through tho provisional governor, stating at the
same time that neither house hud found any mem-
ber ineligible.
"The provisional governor, in transmitting these
communications, expressed the opinion, founded on
evidence presented to him, that several members in
both houses were ineligible, and called on mo to
exercise my power and require said members to
vacate their seats. On rcflectinguponthissubjectl
could not see how I was to take the individual judg-
ment of the provisional governor in the face of a
solemn act of a parliamentary body, especially as
Irom the testimony presented I did not in several
cases agree with the judgment of tho provisional
governor^ The question was simply whether in the
construction of a law and in considering the facts of
individual cases I should make myself the judge or
take the opinion of the provisional governor in the
ia<^e °{ i° °fficial information that a parliamentary
J>od.y had. gravely and formally through a commit-
tee, examined, reported, and acted on theso cases,
i ? JH^&ment was decidedly that I had fulfilled my
♦i? i111 eomPeJling the houses to take the action
they had, and that having thus acted I had neither
tne authority, nor was it politic or expedient, to
overrule their action and set up my individual judg-
ment in opposition. By an inspection of the tele-
s®nt July 18, and the reply of the genoral-in-
eniof, J.uly 23, it will be seen that my views and
actions were approved."
The acts of General Meade in the course
which he pursued were approved at the time
by General Grant. He goes on to say: -
"I allude thus in c&ten$o to this subject because
his excellency tho Governor of Georgia* in a public
speech recently delivered in Albion, New York, is
pleased to attribute tho failure of Georgia to be
properly reconstructed to my action in failing to
purge the Legislature of his political opponents, he
having advised me, when he urged such action,that
his friends had been relieved of their disability by
Congress.
It is proposed now to go back and overturn
the action of Congress and the action of Gen-
eral Meade, approved by General Grant, then
General-in-Chief; to eat our words and stultify
ourselves, and for what? To put; the entire
power of the State of Georgia in the hands of
one man and to put at his back the further
power that the President shall—they are not
willing to leave it with the constitutional pro-
vision—but the President shall send him such
troops as he may ask for to carry out his views
in this matter. "Without waiting for insurrec-
tion or rebellion, without waiting for any vio-
lation of law, without declaring for what cause,
the Governor may call on the President for
troops, and the President shall supply him with
such troops as may be necessary to carry out
the provisions of this act. I am not surprised
at the appeals which come to us from Georgia
for God's sake not to put this power, so great,
so dangerous, in the hands of a civilian, but if
the power is to be given to anybody, that it
shall be given to the m'ilitary commandant of
that State, who has his responsibility to the
military power of the Government.
It is said that wo should take this course for
the purpose of ratifying the fifteenth amend-
ment. Why, sir, when we passed the act of
June, 1868, we only required that the States
should ratify the fourteenth amendment; and
we have as much right to overthrow the action
of any other State which has not ratified the
fifteenth amendment arid which we thus recon-
structed and say, "We will reconstruct your
reconstruction, and you shall ratify the fif-
teenth amendment and any other that Con-
gress may see fit lo refer to you."
Why, sir, we had the evidence before the
Reconstruction Committee only yesterday
morning in the admission of the Governor of
Georgia himself that his friends defeated the
ratification of the fifteenth amendment. The
question was asked, Why did they do that?
Why were your friends willing to sacrifice the
fifteenth amendment for the purpose of purg-
ing your Legislature? The answer was that
his friends were not willing to sit and vote with
men who they thought were ineligible under
the fourteenth amendment. A weighty reason
that.
It is said that it is necessary to pass this bill
in order to reseat the colored members of the
Legislature. I do not believe it. If I believed
that it was necessary I might possibly strain a
point and, if the bill was amended in some
respects, vote for it. But the Legislature of
Georgia, as is proved before the Committee on
Reconstruction and this House—and I have the
documents here in my hand—the Legislature
of Georgia, apparently in good faith, passed a
.joint resolution reciting that there were various
opinions, that there were disorders, and thatit
was necessary for the public peace that some
of these questions should be settled, and pro-
viding that a case should be made up to the
supreme court of that State for its decision
upon the question of the right of colored men
to hold office. That resolution was vetoed by tie
Governor of Georgia. Why? He says it was
not an act of good faith.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now yield
to the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine.]
Mr. PAINE. As a basis for the remarks
which T am about to make in support of this
bill I send to the Clerk's desk to be read ex-
tracts from three different documents tending
to thrbw light upon the,facts in this.case. The
first is a portion of a report of Brevet Major
General Alfred H. Terry, dated August 14,
1869.
The Clerk read as follows :
Extracts from (he report of Brevet „ Major General
Alfred, If. Terry, dated August 14,1869.
"I have delayed making tho report thus called for
until the present time in order that I might become
acquainted with the condition of affairs in Georgia
before expressing any opinion in regard to them.
Now X have reluctantly eome to the conclusion that
the situation here demands the interposition of the
national Qovernment, in order that life and property
may be protected, freedom of speech and political
action secured and* the rights and liberties of tho
freedmen maintained.
"This opinion is based upon eomplamts made to
me,' the reports of officers detailed to investigate
alleged outrages, and upon the statements of many
persons of respectability and high position from dif^
forent parts of the State, in whose representations I
must repose confidence, some of whom have given
me information only under the pledge of secrecy,
the state of affairs in their section being such that
they feared the extremo of personal violence should
it become known that they had been in communica-
tion with me.
"In many parts of the State there is practically no
government. The worst of crimes are committed,
and no attempt is made to punish those who commit
them. Murders have been and are frequent; tho
abuse in various ways of the blacks is too common
to excite notice. There can be ,no doubt of the ex-
istence of numerous insurrectionary organizations
known as Kuklux Kl&hs, who, shielded by their
disguise, by the secrecy of their movements, and by
the terror which they inspire, perpetrate crimes with
impunity. There is great reason to believe that in
some eases local magistrates are 'in sympathy with
the members of these organizations. In many places
they are overawed by them and dare not attempt to
punish them. To punish sue'h offenders by civil pro-
ceedings would be a diffiult task, even were magis-
trates in all cases disposed and had they the courage
to do their duty, for the same influence which govern
them equally affect juries and witnesses. A conver-
sation which I have had with a wealthy planter, a
gentleman of intelligence and education and a po-
litical opponent of the present national Administra-
tion. will illustrate this difficulty. While deploring
the lamentable condition of affairs.in the county in
which he lives, ho frankly admitted to me that wero
the most worthless vagabond in the country to be
charged with a crime against the person of a Repub-
lican or a negro neither he nor any other person of
property within the county would dare refuse to givo
bail for the offender, nor would they dajre to testify
against him, whatever might be their knowledge of
his guilt.
That very many of the crimes which have been
committed have no political bearing I believe; that
so™e of them were prompted by political animosity,
and that most of the numerousoutrages upon freed-
men result from hostility to the race, induced by
their enfranchisement, I think cannot be contro-
verted.
" The same difficulties which besot the prosecution
oi criminals. are encountered by negroes who seek
redress for civil injuries in the local courts. Magis-
trates dare not do their duty toward them, and
instances are not wanting where it has even been
Deyona the power of a magistrate to protect a negro
plaintiff Ironii violence in his own presence, while
engaged in the trial of his case. I desire it to be
^ f? ^^king of magistrates I in no
degree refer to the judges of the superior courts'
they are gentlemen of high character. X have every
confidence that they will do their duty fearlessly and
impartially, but it is to be observed that even they
SS J srand and petit juries: they cannot
compel the former to indict nor the latter to render
unprejudiced verdicts." * * * **
+h«£?i,COnCiUS*011, J des""e to express my conviction
that the only way to restore good order in the State
hoirfo. 5ontro1 over U for the time
I rtiiaj + ultimately to provide by law that tho
Legislature shall reassemble as a provisional Legis-
exduded0^/?1611!^1} Persor's shall bo
ffi l.fff to which all eligible persons elected
«£' "white or black, shall be admitted
and inv-esffhP FSW°rid* e act such laws
enable ^ WlthsucaPowers as would
and pJSiih0 c?imeSraC°' rr"teCt life and '"P"
Mr. PAINE. I now ask the Clerk to read
to Hon MmT-fe"rfr0n? GeneralH- Morgan
House * formerIy a member of this
Ihe Clerk read as follows:
"Und7rlt^f^an''-£ei^rin ret,ht0 6Wonrf T<f<-
TrTTrrrrrr'Tr^
late Congress fWim £?. • momljer of the
iSffhntfo8 .s Preme court of tho State ior
by that ^ legislature was committed
