1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tiiis road, and now need a little more help.
How have they been scuffling along? They
have made some preliminary surveys; but when
this joint resolution was first introduced the
committee was told that not one mile of the
road had been either graded or built; and more
than this, not one mile of the lino had been
located on the earth's Surface.
The claim for the passage of this measure is
based in part on the declaration that settlers,
homestead settlers, preemption settlers, have
gone on to the lands that this company other-
wise would have secured since the date of the
passage of the act, and therefore the exterior
boundaries ought to be enlarged, in order that
they may secure other lands in lieu of those that
preemptors and homestead settlers are now
occupying. Why did they not locate their road?
Why did they not stake it off on the earth's
surface ? The act was passed in 1864, about
six years ago.
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator will allow
me, I will tell him why they did not. I suppose
the reason to have been that the Secretary of
the Interior—an office' then filled by the honor-
able Senator who is now addressing the Sen-
ate—neglected to make an order to that effect,
although he was requested so to do by the
company.
Mr. HARLAN. Make an order to what
effect?
Mr. HOWARD. That they should locate
their line and file their map. •
Mr. HARLAN. I am amazed at the honor- l
able Senator. Has he read the la,w? !
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir. :
Mr. HARLAN. Is there anything in tir.it j
law requiring the Secretary of die Interior to
order this company to take possession of their
grant? Not one syllable. There is something
in that law requiring liini to file their map when
they locate the line of their road, but they not
having located the line of the road from that
day to this, it has been impossible for the Sec-
retary to make the legal filing, and hence im-
possible for the Commissioner of the General
Land Office to withdraw the lands from sale.
No, sir, they have slept on their own rights.^ if
they have lost any lands during the lapse of six
years it has been through their own negligence,
because they have failed to locate the line of
the road, to stake it off on the earth's surface,
and to file a map with the proper executive
officer of the Government.
But, sir, the argument presented defeats
itself. It is saiu that bodies of this land have
been squatted on by homestead and preemp-
tion settlers in the same breath in which the
Senate is informed that the lauds are compara-
tively worthless. Why, sir, if settlers have gone
on to these lands beyond the reach of railroads
orriver navigation, and are occupying them as
cultivators of the soil, as preemption and home-
stead settlers, it is proof conclusive that the
lands are valuable ; and if valuable, the exist-
ing grant is large enough. But I do not desire
to be led away from the point I was attempting
to present to the Senate.
We were induced to believe by railroad cap-
italists that the Union Pacific railroad could
not be built with a grant of twenty sections of
land to the mile and a subsidy of 310,000 per
mile in bonds, and we greatly enlarged the
grant, enlarged the quantity of lands in various
ways by a legal interpretati.on of the meaning
of "the phrases in the original act of 1802, so
as to enable the company t-o take possession of
the iron lands and coal tends and the timber
of other mineral lands that could not be claimed
under the provisions of the-law, so that they
are now enabled to absorb the coal strata of
the first range of the Rocky mountains and the
intermediate geological formation, and the iron
lands that may fall on the odd-numbered sec-
tions of their immense grant. ^
Congress made thesw modifications 01 the
law oN.862 from an honest conviction that they
were necessary. They were made to believe
this from the representations, of railroad capi-
talists in whom individual members confided.
They felt that there was a military necessity
for the construction of the road, for its rapid
construction. No one could then foresee what
might be the military necessities of the Gov-
ernment on that side of the continent. No
one could foresee then the termination of the
war, or the possible complications of this Gov-
ernment with foreign nations during its con-
tinuance. We all know how members of this
body and the other branch of Congress trem-
bled during the progress of the war lest such
complications might be evolved, and wo might
be in great danger, growing out of them, of the
loss of the whole sweep of territory on the
Pacific coast.
With these convictions, as I before remarked,
Congress did well and acted wisely in making
the grant large enough to induce even timid
capitalists to put their money into that great
national work. But these inducements do not
now exist; this necessity is not now upon us.
We have this line of railroad, this iron track
connecting the States east of the Mississippi
valley with the Pacific States and the interme-
diate States.
The line now under consideration across
the northern part of our territory is desirable ;
it is very much needed, as well as a line iur-
ther south. We doubtless do need other lines
of lailroad to connect us with the northern
and southern portions of our Pacific posses-
sions, but we are not under a military neces-
sity to give a greater inducement to capitalists
to go into these great works than is barely suf-
ficient to secure the result.
It is not wise, therefore, I conclude, for
members of this body to listen even to the facts
and arguments that maybe adduced here by
the interested parties who l ave this enterprise
in hand. They, like other wealthy men, desire
to make money out of the use of their capital.
They will accept, of course, all they can obtain
in an honorable and fair way. All that they
can induce Oongrpssto grant they will accept.
No one can complain of them for this; but
they are but one party to the contract; tlio
national Government is the other. We as
contracting parties with these gentlemen have
made a bargain with them to build this road,
have given them a gigantic tract of land con-
ditioned that they witfconstruct it. Now they
ask for an enlargement of this subsidy. There
are no facts before this body with which I am
acquainted that justify me in coming to the
conclusion that this enlargement is necessary.
But, sir, if it were, I have objections to the
phraseology of this feature of the joint resolu-
tion. As drawn, it seems to me, it may bo sus-
ceptible of the conclusion that there was a
design in the use of the phraseology on tiie part
of the parties who framed it, and I intend no
reflection on any one, for it is known to all ot
us that these bills which are presented to the
Senate and the House are too trequently drawn
up by outside parties, and Senators and mem-
bers of the other House are too frequently weak
enough to present them with an explanation
that they do not hold themselves responsible
for their" character. This measure may have
been drawn up in the same way by those gen-
tlemen who are interested in securing the en-
largement of their subsidy. The phraseology
is this:
And in the event of there being in any State or
Territory iu which saul lmeor branch may bo located,
at tho time of the i'raat location thereof, the acinunt
of lands per imie e.rrmtcd by Con^rc^ to said com-
pany, within the limits proscribed by its charter,
thoil said company shall be euiulcJ. lo roccive so
sectionsof land belonging tjtuc United s tates
and designated by odd num^cri:, in suco. biafce or
Territory, as will mako up auob. deficiency, on &aid
mum lino or branch.
This-phraseology it is proposed to amend;
but not so as to affect the point to which I now
call the attention of tho Senate—" to receive
so many sections ot land belonging to the Uni-
ted States." Is that the usual phraseology
introduced into a land-grant bill? It does not
matter what the land is, whether homestead
settlers are on it or not, whether- preemptors
have improved it or not, whether it may have
been set apart for Indian or military reserva-
tions or not, whether it bears precious metals
or not, whether it may be covered by a town
site or not, if the ownership is in the Hat-
ted States it sweeps it away. "So much
land belonging to the United States and desig-
nated by odd numbers, in such State or Terri-
tory, as will make up such deficiency, on said
main line or bratioh." '
We were tf>ld heretofore in this discussion
that this line did not touch town sites. That
may be or it may not be true. As the line of
the road has not been located, I should like to
know who is prepared to say whether it. will
touch towns or not? As the line exists, if any-
where, in the brain duly of the controlling
members of this corporation, what member of
this body is prepared to say that it will nol
touch a tow n ? And as it is expected to stretch
acrdss the State of Minnesota and the Terri-
tories of Dakota, Montana, Idaho, and Wash-
ington by its branch, and by its trunk line the
State of Oregon, who is prepared to say that
there are no towns already located on what
may hereafter prove to be the line of the road?
If the Senate is disposed to enlarge the grant,
at least it ought not to bo done in the terms of
the resolution as it now stands.
But, Mr. President, there is one other thought
to v.-hich I invite the attention of the Senate.
Although I am in favor of carrying out iu good
faith the contract wo have made, it is far from
certain to be the interest of the United States
as a Government to hasten the completion of
this road more rapidly than the commercial
interests of tho country require. As I before
remarked, you have a second mortgage lien on
the great Pacific line, known as the Union
Pacific railroad and the California Central
Pacific railroad. The value of your second
mortgage depends on the value_ of the woi\£.
If you by unnecessary subsidies stimulate
by a hot-bed growth, the construction of com-
peting lines, you thereby diminish the value
of your own property ; you thereby render it
less probable that you will ever receive either
the interest or tho principal on the bonds you
have already issued.
I admit that if the commercial necessities
of the country require it thi3 argument ought
not to weigh more than a feather; perhaps it
would be hardly worth consideration ; but I
have pieceded this remark by the facts, which
prove that the road can be and probably will
be built across Minnesota under the existing
grant as far as the local commercial interests
of the country require it or will require it for
a series of years ; and you have already made
a land grant on the Pacific coast which will
connect your northern Pacific possessions with
the (Jniou Pacific railroad all along down that
line of our possessions. The construction ot
that road connecting Oregon and \\ ashiugton
wjth the Union Pacific line on the west and the
construction of the eastern end of the proposed
line referred to iu this joint resolution will meet
for a series of years all the commercial neces-
sities of the country, unless it may bo those
growing up so rapidly in Montana and in Idaho
occasioned by the discovery ot' vast mines ot
the precious metals: but those mines will be
reached, permit me to predict it, by the valley
of the Missouri river long before they will be
reached by the proposed railroad hue.
The valley of the Missouri river furnishes a
better line for railroad communication With
Montana, and a better line can be procured
for connection with Idaho fronx a more western
point of the Union Pacific railroad line ; and
the great capital being rapidly developed by
these rich Territories will not await tae slow
motions of the company who have liadtnts eii-
terurisc in hand to which this joint resomi ion
refers. Yoa will be able to go by rati to .Mon-
tana and Idaho by other railroads, in my opin-
ion long before you will reach them by ttus
North Pacific railroad route.
