1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
583
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Naturalization—Mr. Tlmrman.
Senate.
time when thedistinguished Senator from Mis-
souri who sits nearest, to me [Mr. Schukz] was
not a citizen of the United States ; and accord-
ing to this bill, if it, had been in force then',
that Senator would have been an incompetent
witness to prove thatany man had resided five
years in the United States!
There is another feature in this bill which
has the same purpose, to prevent naturaliza-
tion, to make it impossible, that strikes me as
the mos't-cunningly devised and at the same
time the most effectual of any for that purpose
that ever the wit of man devised. What is it?
It is that upon the application for a final cer-
tificate of naturalization no affidavit shall be
admitted. Mark that, Senators. There is no
provision ip our statutes for taking a deposition
in auy such case. We have no lav/ that pro-
vides for the taking of depositions in any such
case; and the consequence is, if you do not
admit affidavits to prove the fact, as we do in
courts of justice every day on a mere motion,
you perhaps in one half the cases render it
impossible for a man to get his naturalization
papers. Let us see how that matter is. There
comes a ship to New York, having on board
five hundred immigrants. They land at Castle
Garden. Some of them are destined for Ohio,
some for Indiana, some for Illinois, some for
Michigan; many of them for Wisconsin, many
ot them for Minnesota, many of them for Iowa,
and some for still furtherwest. They are soon
scattered here and there and everywhere. At
the end of five years one of these persons in
the State of Iowa applies to a court for nat-
uralization under this bill. It may be an utter
impossibility for him to bring before that court
an individual witness to prove how long he has
been in the United States. He may not be
able to procure the attendance of a witness
in court, forthere may beno such witness any-
where in his neighborhood or within convenient
reach.
Now, sir, you propose that that man shall
not get his naturalization. He is confined to
that State by the very bill itself; he cannot
make his application elsewhere. He is con-
fined to that State in getting his certificate of
naturalization. There may be nobody at all
in that State who knows when he landed in
New York ; very likely nobody who can prove
when he landed there, and therefore how long
he has been a resident of the United States.
You cut him off from naturalization unless he
can get a witness to come in person perhaps
two, three, four, or five hundred miles to prove
that fact. I say that under such a law asthis
it would be almost impossible for one halt the
people who come to this country to be natural-
ized at all, unless at such an enormous ex-
pense that veiy few would be willing to incur it.
Mr. DRAKE. Will the honorable Senator
allow me now to settle the question of fact we
were talking about a moment ago?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr. DRAKE. The honorable Senator was
quoting lrom the naturalization law of 1802,
which does not require the proof ot residence
of an alien applying for naturalization to be
made by citizens of the United Stales ; but the
act of the 22d of March, 1816, provides:
"And the residence of the applicant, within the
limits and under the jurisdiction of the Unitedotates,
. i wr. i w\ mnflinf uroniirl m fr l.n P n TTI
i-itizciis shall be named in the record as witnesse;
Mr. THURMAN. That maybe ; sol will not
contend about it; but it it is so, it is all wrong.
Mr. DRAKE. Yes, sir 
Mr. THURMAN. I think that act has not
the application the Senator supposes.
Mr. MORTON. I think that lias been rec-
ognized in the administration of the law all
the time. , . , ,
Mr. TllURMAN. 1 think not, in regard .o
residence, i have looked, now, at the law-
cited by the Senator from Missouri. I knew
the Senator must be mistakeu. This law only
applies to the cases of certain persons who
are authorized to be naturalized without a
previous declaration of intention. I knew I
could not be wrong, because I have seen too
many persons naturalized to forget the law.
Look at the second section of the act of 1816,
cited by the Senator :
" That no thing herein contained shall bo construed
to exclude from admission to citizenship any free
white person who was residing within the limits and
under tho jurisdiction of tho United States at any
timo bei ween the 18th day of June, 1798, and the 14th
day of April, 1802, and who, having continued to
reside therein without having made any declaration
of intention before a court of record as aforesaid,
may be entitled to become a citizen of the United
States according to the act of the 23th of March, 1804,
entitled 'An act in addition to an act entitled "An
act to establish a uniform rule of naturalization and
to repeal the act heretofore passed on that subject."'
Whenever any person without a certificate of such
declaration of intention, as aforesaid, shall make
application to be admitted a citizen of tho United
States, it shall be proved to the satisfaction of the
court that the applicant was residing within tho lim-
its and under the jurisdiction of tho United States
before tho 14th day of April, 1802, and continued to
residewithin tho same, or he shall not be so admitted.
And the residence"—
That is, the applicant under this section (not
applicants generally) must prove that he was—
"within the limits and under tho juiisdiction of the
United States for.it, leastfivoyearsimmodiatoly pre-
ceding the time of such application [which fact] shall
be proved by the oath or affirmation of citizens of
the United States."
It is only in regard to that special case that
the oath of citizens is required by that section ;
that is to say, it relates only to aliens who
came to this country before April 14, 1802,
sixty-eight yettt's ago. But they are all nat-
uralized or dead before this, and that section has
therefore become obsolete, so far as future
naturalization is concerned. A similar excep-
tional provision is found hi the act of 1828, in
relation to aliens who came to this country
before June 18, 1812, and to that^also the_re-
marks I have just made apply. For practical
purposes it is obsolete.
Mr. DAVIS. The honorable Senator from
Ohio will see that the act, of 1802 did not re-
quire any facts necessary for the naturalization
of an alien to be proved by a citizen.
Mr. THURMAN. Not at all; not a single
fact.
Mr. DRAKE. I should say that beyond all
question the uniform practice of all the State
courts throughout the country is to require that
the witnesses the applicant proauces shall be
citizens of the United States, and I take it that
is the true construction of the law.
Mr. THURMAN. That is a mistake. And
if it had been so, it would be all wrong; for I
once more repeat that this provision brands
every man, woman, and child in the United
States who is not a citizen as unworthy of
belief under oath. I am not willing to put that
brand upon them.
But to go back to the point I was consider-
ing. Iu the first place, the bill requires a cit-
izen as a witness to prove what in most cases
cannot bo within the knowledge of a citizen,
namely, the time the alien landed here, and
the length of his residence here ; and in the
next place, it provides that no affidavit whatever
shall be taken. An alien who lands in New
York, and goes thence to the State of Nevada,
may be compelled, it this bill become a law,
to procure a witness from five hundred or a
thousand miles to go to the court in Nevada,
there to testily to his residence before he can
become naturalized at all, when the affidavit of
the same man would be received in evidence
in the highest propetty trial that could take
place in ttic United States on a mere motion,
and when the deposition of that man would be
received in any court of the United States in
any civil proceeding whatsoever. What is the
object of all this but to prevent people from
belli;; nal uiuhzed 7
Mr. MORTON. I would inquire of my friend
whether the law now authorizes the proof to
be made by affidavits or depositions ?
Mr. THURMAN. The law does not provide
for depositions, or in express terms for affida-
vits ; but the motion to be admitted to citizen-
ship is subject to the general rules and prac-
tice of the courts ; and the general rule in all
courts of record is that affidavits are receivable
upon, mere motions.
Mr. MORTON. Has the practice been to
receive affidavits in naturalization proceed-
ings ?
Mr. THURMAN. Oh, yes; certainly. It
is true, however, that some courts have refused
them.
Mr. DRAKE. I never heard of such a thing
in all my knowledge of such things.
Mr. THURMAN. Then my friend has not
had as extensive a knowledge as some of the
rest of us, although 1 believe he is aa extremely
old man, and 1 pay great deference to him.
Mr. DRAKE. My knowledge may have been
as extensive as that of the Senator, but not
as peculiar.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not understand that,
but though mine has been neither very pecu-
liar nor very general, 1 know it is so. ft is tho
practice of common law courts, and has been
for centuries, that on mere motions affidavits
are received. The courts take care to scruti-
nize ex parte affidavits with great care; but I
call the attention of the Senator from Indiana
to this fact that our deposition law allow dep-
ositions to be taken ex parte. Most of the dep-
ositions used in the Federal courts are taken
ex parte without any notice to the other side.
When taken more than one hundred miles from
the place of trial they may be taken ex parte.
Mr. MORTON. 1 have no recollection of
ever seeing affidavits or depositions used in
naturalization proceedings.
Mr. THURMAN. There are no depositions,
because there is nobody on whom to serve no-
tice of the taking of depositions; and the stat-
ute in relation to ex parte depositions applies
only to suits.
Mr. MORTON. I agree that the law ought
to authorize depositions.
Mr. THURMAN. It ought to do it, and
there might be some provision made; but I have
seen the supreme court of the State of Ohio on
circuit admit affidavits in naturalization pro-
ceedings long, long ago.
But to go on with tho bill. We have got
the man, who wants to become a citizen ; he
has landed here ; he has declared his inten-
tion to become a citizen, and after having
declared that,, he has filed a notice giving a
description of himself as if he were a horse
for sale and wanted to set out his fine points,
notice of his intention to apply for a certi-
ficate of naturalization. After he has done
that under oath and paid his fees, then what I
Then thirty days afterward he comes to apply
for a certificate of naturalization, to have his
application heard, and then this law authorizes
any lawyer, and as many of them as please,
to go to work to contest that man's applica-
tion, to cross-examine him and introduce wit-
nesses against him. They may put him oil a
whole week trying his case, at great expense
to him.
Think of a man who perhaps does not speak
our language, as we know is the case with many
naturalized citizens. He goes to the register
in bankruptcy to make his application; he lias
his witnesses. Then comes some lawyer em-
ployed by a political party to thwart ail appli-
cations for naturalization, at least to thwart all
where they think the applicants will voteagainst
their party, lie comes in to subject the appli-
cant to a rigid cross-examination, and to pro-
duce witnesses against him, and to thus delay
and keep him Oleic, or make hnn abandon bis
application. What must the man do Y He is
