2542
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
If, therefore, there is no commercial neces-
sity for stimulating the construction of this
line of road more rapidly than the commercial
interests of the country may require, pray on
what reason can any one hang an argument
for the passage of this measure, even if the
defects to which I have called the attention
of the Senate should be corrected ?
I have now, Mr. President, presented all the
facts and conclusions at which my own mind
has arrived which I intended to present when
I took the floor on Thursday last, and I there-
fore relieve the patience of the Senate.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I wish to
notice 
Mr. DAVIS. I rise to a point of order. My
point of order is that there is not a quorum
present, and the Senate cannot proceed with
business.
Mr. STEWART. I do not think that point
can be made when a Senator is on the floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Cole in
the chair.) Does the Senator from Kentucky
raise a question of order?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir; and my point of
order is that there is not a quorum of the Sen-
ate present, and therefore the Senate cannot
proceed with the transaction of business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The usual
mode of determining the presence of o. quorum
is by a division of the Senate upon some ques-
tion.
Mr. DAVIS. Upon the question, then, of
my point of order 1 ask for a division.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
at the proper time may move a call of the Sen-
ate to determine the question.
Mr. STEWART. 1 do, not yield for any
motion of that kind.
Mr. DAVIS. I have a right to make this
pointof order at any time, I conceive. The rule
and the Constitution both are express that the
Senate shall not proceed to do business unless
there be a quorum present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Nevada yield to the Senator
from Kentucky ?
Mr. STEWART. I do not yield to a point
of order.
Mr. DAVIS. I want the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. CASSERLY. I suppose every Senator
has a right to raise a point of order when he
thinks proper to do so ; and the only question
is whether the point is well taken.
Mr. CONKLING. The Chair has a right to
overrule it.
Mr. DAVIS. And 1 have a right to appeal
from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. CONKLING. That is another question.
I am not denying that.
Mr. THURMAN. How does the Chair
decide the question?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Nevada yield to the Senator from
Kentucky?
Mr. STEWART. If the Senator makes a
point of order I cannot help that; but I do not
yield the floor for any motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The point of
order is overruled by the Chair.
Mr. DAVIS. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to a point of order.
My point is this : I doubt very much whether
a question as to the presence of a quorum is
a point of order, or can be made a point of
order.
Mr. HOWARD. There is no proof before
the Senate that a quorum is wanting.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 understand my point of
order to have been overruled by the Chair. If
so, I appeal from the decision of the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
question of order before the Senate. It was
a mere suggestion of the Senator from Ken-
tucky, which he could not make without the
consent of the Senator holding the floor, the
Senator from Nevada.
Mr. DAVIS. Do I understand that the
Chair rules upon a point of order, and denies
to me the right to appeal from its decision ?
Mr. THURMAN. It does seem to me that
this is a very simple matter. The Senator
from Kentucky rose to a point of order, as he
had a right to do, and took the floor from the
Senator from Nevada. His point was that
the Senator from Nevada could not proceed
with his remarks, there being no quorum
present, the principle being that the Senate
can no more consider a bill without a quorum
than it can vote upon a bill without a quorum.
That point being made, the course for the
Chair, if he had any doubt about it, was to
count the Senate, and if he found there was
not a quorum present to sustain the point, and
if he found that there was a quorum present
to overrule the point; but it is a point of order
that may properly be made that there is not a
quorum present, and it devolves on the Chair
the necessity of counting the Senate to see
wlifthpi' tlippp iCJ
Mr. SHERMAN. I think I am perfectly
correct under the rule. The rules of the Sen-
ate, which modify the Manual in this matter,
very explicitly provide the cases when a Sen-
ator may be called to order; and there are no
other cases when a Senator can be called to
order.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Ken-
tucky did not call the Senator from Nevada to
order.
Mr. SHERMAN. The rule is:
"If any Senator, in speaking or otherwise, trans-
gress the rules of the Senate, the Presiding Officer
fhnll, or anv Senator may, call to order; antl when
a Senator shall be called to order by the Presiding
Ollieer ov a Sena.tor he shall sit down, and shall not
proceed v, itliout leave of the Senate."
I do not think a Senator can be stopped in
the midst of his spcech by a call to order such
as this. If you allow that practice once to pre-
vail hero we shall never be able to transact
business, because I doubt very much whether
in any day during even the most interesting
discussion there could notbe found a time when
there was not a quorum present.
Mr. STEWART. I hope this doctrine will
not be applied to the Senator from Kentucky.
[Laughter.]
Mr. SHERMAN. I see the Vice President
is in the Chair now, an# I will state the facts
as I understand them. The honorable Senator
from Nevada was proceeding to speak upon
this bill. The honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky noticing (which is not very unusual) a
rather thin Senate rose to a question of order,
and stated that there was not a quorum pres-
ent. The Senator occupying the chair held
that that was not a question of order upon
which a Senator could be stopped. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky appeals from the decision.
It seems to me that under the sixth rule a Sen-
ator cannot bo stopped in the midst of his argu-
ment, while he is proceeding in order, by any
question except some question involving a
breach of order, not a mere question as to the
number of Senators present.
Mr. NYE. I suggest, as it is not material
to settle the principle, that the honorable Sen-
ator from Kentucky will withdraw that point,
for there is certainly a fuller Senate than I
have ever seen here before.
Mr. DAVIS. My present point of order is
this : that every Senator has always a right to
appeal from the decision of the Chair, and
what is now pending before the Senate is an
appeal from the correctness of the decision of
the Chair upon the point of order which I
raised.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair so
understands. The Chair on returning to the
Chamber has been informed by the Senator
who occupied the chair of the point that has
been made, and supposes that he understands
it. During the progress of the remarks of the
Senator from Nevada, the Senator from Ken-
tucky rose and insisted that a quorum was not
present.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator from Iowa had
completed his remarks. The Senator from
Nevada and myself rose about simultaneously,
but he was assigned to the floor, and was about
to proceed to make his speech upon the sub-
ject before the Senate. I then assumed that
he could not proceed to make his speech
because there was not a quorum of the Senate
present, and that point of order I insist upon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair con-
firms the decision made by the Senator from
California who occupied the chair temporarily
in his abscnce when this question was raised ;
and he recognizes the right of the Senator from
Kentucky to appeal from that decision. The
Chair will state why he confirms the decision
made by the Senator from California, occupying
the chair temporarily. The Senator from Ken-
tucky makes his point upon the rule stated in
Jefferson's Manual, at page 160 of the com-
pilation of the Constitution, Rules, and Manual
printed for the use of the Senate. That state-
ment in Jefferson's Manual is extracted from
Hatsell, in regard to the proceedings of the
British Parliament. The Chair will read the
whole of it:
"In goneral the chair is not to be taken till a
quorum for business is present, unless, after due
waiting, such a quorum be despaired of, when the
chair may bo taken and the House adjourned. And
whenever, daring business, it is observed that a
quorum is not present any momber may call for the
Mouse to be counted, and being found deficient,
business is suspended."—2 Hatsell, 125, 126.
The Senator from Kentucky and the Senate
will see that the whole of this paragraph dis-
closes an entirely different mode of procedure
in the British Parliament from that which ia
the every-day usage in this body. In Parlia-
ment the Speaker does not take the chair un-
less a quorum is present; while here a quorum
is assumed unless a Senator raises the point.
The membership of the British House of Com-
mons is six hundred and fifty-eight, of whom
forty constitute a quorum. Very often, to stop
a debate, members retire from their seats so
that there shall be less than forty present, and
then a member who remains in the House of
Commons may insist, under the second sen-
tence of this extract, on the House being
counted, or, as they call it there, ''counted
out," which ends the sitting. This practice of
"counting out" has never been adopted in
the Senate of the United States. Every Sen-
ator is also familiar with the fact that almost
every morning the Journal is read without the
presence of a full quorum, Senators generally
not having come in from their commitiee-
rooms. If the pointshould, however, be made
it would require absolutely a quorum to be
present before the Journal could be read. If
the point should be made at that time, no Sen-
ator then being in possession of the floor, the
natural result would be, either by motion or
count, the presence or absence of a quorum
would have to be ascertained. When, how-
ever, a Senator is on the floor, he is in pos-
session of the floor, and he is only subject to
be called to order for words spoken in debate
under the sixth rule. But if he yields the floor
to any Senator to move an adjournment, or for
any purpose whatever, and the absence of a
quorum is disclosed, that arrests all business
until a quorum is found to be in attendance,
either by a call of the Senate under the eighth
rule, which allows that call, or the voluntary
return of a sufficient number of Senators to
constitute a quorum. In this case the Senator
from Nevada did not yield the floor. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky, therefore, had no right
under the sixth rule to call him to order, be-
cause the paragraph in the Manual as to
" counting out," quoted from Hatsell, which
has been read, has never been incorporated
into the rules, or adopted as a usage of this
body.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Chair will permit me,
I desire to state a fact in relation to the prac-
tice of the Senate. I remember that when
William R. King was President of the Senate
