1870.
THE OONGBESSIOKAL GLOBE.
1599
place of that be proposes to substitute simply
the 8word, an exterminating war. He does
not. forget that these Indian children may
become warriors; he does not forget that
these Indian mothers may bring forth men
children; and therefore he would kill the !
uiothers and kill the babes; he would strike
out nil these provisions and inaugurate a sys-
tem of indiscriminate slaughter that knows
iieiiher age nor sex. The gentleman, after
sleeping upon bis atrocious propositions of
Friday, comes here eager to renew them again
in the hearing of the House and iu the hearing
of the country. Sir, it is a barbarous policy,
that cannot be too much reprehended by all
good men; all men who love humanity because I
it is humanity, love men and women because |
they are men and women, ought to frown it
down. The policy of our day is to elevate,
educate, and lift up the inferior races. I desired
to say this much, and thi3 much only, upon this
whole bill, that the country may understand
who it is that comes here to interpose their .
objections and their ferocious cries for blood. '
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I withdraw the amend- |
ment and mo vepro/orma to strikeout "thirty" |
and insert "forty." On Friday last the gen- jj
tleman from California, [Mr. Sargent,] for jj
whom I have high respect, used the following
language:
"If there is a parallel in all our history of the
massacre of Glencoe, which, in spite of the eloquent
pen of Macaulay. stains the memory of William of ■
Orange, it was found in the mountain fastnesses of ;
Montana a few days since, when scores of women ;
and children—children in their mothers' arms—were J
murdered by our soldiers."
There seems to be a wonderful forgetful- !
ness in the historic recollections of the gentle-
man from California. The gentleman speaks
of the massacre of Glencoe in Scotland. Sir,
he need not have gone more than two hundred ,
and fifty miles from this Capitol to find a par- ]
allel for that massacre. He might have looked
to the States of Pennsylvania and New York,
to the great valley of Wyoming, to have found
a massacre that was even worse than that of ;
Glencoe. He could have gone into the "dark j
and bloody ground" of Kentucky, and followed
the track of Daniel Boone from the first hour
that he set foot on the frontier; he might have
gone to Minnesota in 1862, and witnessed
atrocities there such as no words in the English
or any other language can properly express.
Similar atrocities have been committed in
Colorado and in Nebraska and in Arizona, and
in all the Territories of the country from the
foundation of the Government to the present
honr; these Indians have always been on the
war-path.
Mr. HOAR. I desire to ask the gentleman
a question, in order to understand this dis-
cussion. I desire to ask the gentleman if he
means to say that he approves the killing of
these women and children in cold blood, when
there were no arms in their hands, by our
army?
Mr. CAVANAtJGH. The gentleman is
from Massachusetts, mynative State, and, both
of us being Yankees, I have a perfect right to
answer his question by asking him another.
Do you believe in allowing the Indians to steal
upon and murder in cold blood the white
women and children of the frontiers?
Mr. HOAR. No, sir.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I thought not.
Mr. HOAR. Now answer my question.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I will answer the
2uestion fairly and squarely, in the words of
ireneral Harney after the battle of Ash Hollow,
years ago. It is not a very elegant phrase, but
the old gentleman, although a very gallant sol-
dier, was not celebrated for politeness. When
he was assailed for killing squaws and papooses
at Ash Hollow, he said, " They are nits, and
will become lice, and it is better to kill them
in their chrysalis state." I indorse, I say in
answer to the gentleman—and he cannot draw
me into anything else—the act of Colonel
Baker upon this occasion. I withdraw the
amendment.
Mr. WOODWARD. I renew it, for the pur-
pose of asking the gentleman from Montana a
question. I take it my friend is one of the
most intelligent men on the floor in regard to
Indian affairs, and therefore I put the question
to him. The question is this: how does the
British Government govern the Canadian In-
dians in peace and without slaughter, while we
are unable on our side of the line to treat them
in any other way than by slaying their women |
and children ?
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I will answer the gen- >
tleman. The English Government has always
pursued a different policy with the Indians.
The Catholic priests, and French traders, and
the English missionaries are the only men who
have been able to manage these Indians, because ,
the traders, early settlers, and emigrants have ;
married in those tribes. 1
Mr. WOODWARD. Are not the mission-
aries ready to treat our Indians in the same
manner?
Mr. CAVANAUGH. They are not ready to
marry them; no.
Mr. WOODWARD. Why not?
Mr. CAVANAUGH. The Canadians marry
the squaws as wives.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Is not the
gentleman aware that the Mormons have for
twenty years lived in peace among the Indians
of the great basin of North America?
Mr. CAVANAUGH. After certain murders,
I believe the Mormons have lived in absolute
peace with all the Indians.
I now desire to finish the sentence I had com-
menced when interrupted. I was arraigning
the members of this House for not supplying
the Department with the necessary appropria-
tions to carry out treaty stipulations. Sir, give
to the Department of the Interior, give to the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, to General
Parker, whom I believe to be as capable a
Commissioner as ever occupied that position—
a sincere friend to the Indian, but anxious to
do justice to both whites and Indians; give to
him the necessary means to carry out promptly
all the provisions of the treaties with the various
Indian tribes. * .
I agree with the gentleman from California
[Mr. Sargent] in many things that he has said
-about treaties with Indians. If I had authority,
if itdepended entirely upon me, no treaty would
ever again be made with an Indian tribe; but
I would furnish funds enough to enable the
proper Department to carry out in good faith
the stipulations which have already been made.
[H^re the hammer fell.]
Mr. SARGENT. If it shall be determined
by Congress that all expenditures for the pur-
pose of giving comfort to the Indians or im-
proving their condition are thrown away; if it
shall be determined that they are to be treated
simply as wild beasts, their children to be
killed as one would kill young rattlesnakes,
then perhaps it would be better for this com-
mittee to rise, report this bill to the House,
and recommend that it do not pass; but such
are not my convictions, and I do not think they
are the convictions of Congress.
The gentleman from Montana [Mr. Cav-
anaugh] is somewhat unfortunate in his his-
torical allusions. He calls my attention to the
massacre in the Wyoming valley by a branch
of those once powerful tribes, the old Six
Nations, which massacre he says rivaled in
atrocity the recent killing of men, women,
and children in the fastnesses of Montana.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I beg the gentle-
man's pardon; I referred to the massacre of
Glencoe.
Mr. SARGENT. Very well; I compared
the massacre of Glencoe with that of Mon-
tana. Things equal to the same thing are
equal to one another. Well, in progress of
time the Indians of the Six Nations, who at the
time of the Wyoming massacre were incited by
the British soldiers to deeds of atrocity against
our people, have now so far progressed under
our policy, unfavorable as it is, that t.bey have
given to us one of the high officers of our Gov-
ernment. The Commissioner of Indian Affairs
sprung from that race, and has in his veins,
unmixed, I believe, that same blood which the
gentleman says was the hot incentive of the
wrougs committed at that time upon our front-
ier settlements.*
I believe there is hope for our tribes of
Indians. The Seminole Indians in Florida,
who decimated our people who attempted to
make settlements there in early times, who
fought with heroic valor and constancy for their
homes and graves in that peninsular are now
settled in the West, and are more than half civil-
ized already. The Creeks and Cherokees and
Chickasaws and Choctaws show in a very en-
couraging degree what may be expected of
Indians, taken as they were from very unprom-
ising materials, provided we treat thein wiih
humanity and give them the assistance they
have a right to expect.
Now, sir, the amendment of the gentleman
is in opposition to his speech. I do not kuow
whether or not he is aware of the number of
Blackfeet, Bloods, and Piegans. There are
six thousand of these Indians. They are not
now upon any reservation, although they desire
to be. There is a manifest willinguess on their
part to go to an agency which was prescribed
for them by a treaty which has been rejected,
a reservation upon which they can be placed
without the ratification of that treaty. They
desire to have agricultural implements, seeds,
animals, and other things necessary to start
them in the new experiment of partial civiliza-
tion. They have been disappointed in their
expectations in this direction on account of the
failure of that treaty to be ratified. Some of
their people were killed by the citizens at Fort
Benton, and in retaliation for that act they
committed several murders, which called down
upon their heads this terrible vengeance that
has already been related to the committee.
Now, sir, of these six thousand Indians, prob-
ably four thousand, or a larger number, are
under or oyer the age of fighting men, and con-
sist in large part of women and children. Are
we to exterminate this large proportion of
these people? Are we to kill, to stamp out
of existence these women and children, who
certainly have not been guilty of any crime,
simply because over one huudred years ago
the Indians acted atrociously in the Wyomiug
valley, or because five or six years ago some
Indians, incited, as I believe——
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SARGENT. I trust that by general
cousent I may be allowed to finish my remarks.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection
the gentleman will proceed.
There was no objection.
Mr. SARGENT. I say that though the
Indian tribes in the remote past or iu more
recent times have committed some atrocities,
which I believe can in most instances be
traced to the incitements or provocations of
white men, we are not, therefore, to turn the
whole of them adrift upon our people; we are
not to abandon all hope of bringing them up
to the measure of civilization to which we have
elevated some of them. I say that such a course
would be bad policy.
As regards the amendment now under con-
sideration, I will say that the committee believe
$30,000 is enough. If the gentleman offering
the amendment thinks that $40,000 should be
appropriated I trust he will state the special
reasons for the increase.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I withdraw my amend-
ment that the gentleman from New Mexico
[Mr. Chaves] may renew it.
Mr. CHAVES. I reuew the amendment.
Mr. Chairman, I ask the Clerk to read as
fart of my remarks the proclamations which
send to the Chair.
