1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4431
islmd. to which there is an inchoate right on
the part of the descendants of Captain Parker.
There is 110 inheritable right to anybody.
Neither Mrs. Parker nor her children can per-
fect any title whatever to the island ; bat under
the law evidence must be furnished that would
have authorized Captain Parker himself to
establish any right to this island.
Now, as 1 understand it, it is proposed by
act of Congress to allow Mrs. Parker to make
that proof, which, without this bill, she could
not make. Without this bill she could estab-
lish no title whatever either for herself or her
children to this island. The proposition is, by
an act of Congress to allow her now to make
such proof of the facts as her deceased hus-
band would have been permitted to make;
and that is all there is of it. It is takingnothing
from her children, nor from anybody eise.
Perhaps it may bs proper to insert, as the Sen-
ator from Maryland has proposed, that if she
shall establish any right it shall go in common
to her and her children; but without this bill,
as I understand, neither she nor her children
get anything.
Mr. STOCKTON". So far as the Senator
from Illinois has stated the question lie has
certainly thrown some light upon it not given
to us before. If this is an inchpate right, and
it cannot be perfected without the intervention
of "a statute, I am not opposed to passing the
statute; but I ask the Senator why we should
pass a statute in order to enable Mr. Parker's
widow to put herself in the position he would
have been had he lived, rather than the heirs
at law, upon whom the common law of the
laud generally casts the title? This seems to
be a bill for the benefit of Mrs. Parker. I do
not know Mrs. Parker, nor do I know any of
the circumstances of the case ; and^ without
knowing those circumstances, is it right that
she should be preferred to the heirs at law ?
It seems to me that the proper way—and that
is the reason why I voted for the motion of
the Senator from Massachusetts to recommit
the bill—would be to refer this matter to a
committee to ascertain the facts, the State
where Mr. Parker belonged, where lie had his
residence and domicile, and the rule by which,
when Mrs. Parker shall perfect this inchoate
title, that title, that property and interest in it,
shall descend according to the law of the State
where he was domiciled. Such a bill as that. 1
would vote for cheerfully, because such a bill
would not violate the rights of any party.
Mr. SUMNER. I was struck by a remark
of the Senator from Illinois. He said that Mrs.
Parker had an inchoate title ? How does the
Senator know it ? What evidence have we of
any such inchoate title V What I have asked
for has been the evidence. I wish a report in
this case. The Senate is called to fix a title
in an island in the Pacific without a scrap oi
evidence. The Senator from Illinois, however,
assures. us that there is an inchoate title.
There may be an inchoate title; but there is
nobody in this Chamber that can assert it, tnat
is on any evidence known to the Chamber.
'f do not know how Senators are impresses;
but to my mind this proceeding, pressed as it
is, is dangerous as a precedent, and certainly,
in many respects offensive to justice and to
proper forms of proceeding. I-suggested a
moment ago the great mistake Mr. Webster
made in a case not unlike this. I wish to save
the Senate from the possibility of any such
mistake. It is very easy to save the Senate
from it. It is simply that it should, take the
same precaution in this case that it does m
every other—inquire into it; that is all. -bet
the committee look into the origin ol this
title, and look into the acts that weie c.one
by Captain Parker, or said to be cone, with
the President at the time and with the btate
Department, in regard to which I know there
is testimony; but i have reason to believe t o
testimony is defective.
Mr. NYE. Will the honorable Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. NYE. The honorable Senator states
that Mr. Webster made a mistake in a certain
case to which he has referred. I wish to ask
hira if the mistake in that case was in granting
the final certificate that that man was the dis-
coverer of the island ?
Mr. SUMNER. Yes.
Mr. NYE. Upon that point I should wish
as great caution to be exercised as he does;
but this bill simply gives to Mrs. Parker the
privilege to perfect the incipient papers prior
to coming to that point, which she cannot do
without this legislation.
Mr. SUMNER. How do we know her hus-
band did not do it?
Mr. NYE. Because it is not on file;
Mr. SUMNER. How do we know it is not
on file?
Mr. NYE. Because the honorable Senator
has told us so, and that is authority enough
for me.
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator appeals to
tne, I have tried to ascertain what was on file,
and I tell you the papers are defective.
Mr. NYE. So says this claimant, that they
are defective, and she wants the right to perfect
them. That is what she asks at the hands of
Congress.
Mr. CHANDLER. Will the Senator give
way to allow me to move a night session ?
Mr. SUMNER. No; I will not.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the Senate, then,
will consent to sit here until half past live
o'clock.
Mr. SUMNER. I am not going to interfere
with that.
Captain Parker, according to what is known
in tho State Department, did not comply with
the requirements of the statute. But then tho
committee has not deigned to let us know where
he failed, or how he failed.
Mr. CHANDLER. He failed by death.
Mr. SUMNER. No, no. There are papers
at the Department that show another kind ot
failure, and the Senate makes a mistake now
which may expose it hereafter to criticism lrom
which I desire to save it. 1 make an appeal
to the Senate now, for the sake of business and
of propriety, that this matter should not be
acted upon until we have all tho facts stated
before us in some authentic form. And when
I say this I am surrounded by members of the
committee, some of whom have looked into
this. I have looked into it. I have perused
all the papeis that the agents most interested
in the matter have been able to bring forward ;
and it is my duty to say, alter the most careful
perusal of those papers, that they are unsatis-
factory. . , L. ,
The Senator from Nevada reminds me that
there are two sets of islands ; one set which he
savs are of great magnitude, but these are not.
How do we know that? He admits that there
has been confusion in this matter between the
Cornwallis islands and these islands near the
llawaiians. I wish, for the character of this
precedent, that it may not be a bad precedent
hereafter, that all the history of this case should
be stated historically in a report of the com-
mittee, so that hereafter when it is referred to
it shall be understood, and it shall not be a
bad precedent.
Mr. SPENCER. If the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts will allow me, I will try to give him
a complete history of this whole matter. 1 have
investigated it myself, and I thmk^ have a
complete history of it in all its varied forms.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly. _
Mr. SPENCER. It appears that in 18o2
William H. Parker, a citizen of the united
States, discovered two small islands lying in
the Pacific ocean, situated in about latituae
10° li' north, and west longitude ICO W . He
subsequently filed his declaration at the State
Department, under the act of August 18, Ibob,
and possessed and occupied them. Under the
declaration of Mr. Parker all claims have
arisen. This statement is all written out: and
I will send it to the Clerk and let him read it,
5f-* Hint
Mr. SUMNER. What is the authority of
that statement, may I ask?
Mr. SPENCER. It is the authority of the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SUMNER. Is it a report from the
committee ?
Mr. SPENCER. It is a report which I made
up myself.
Mr. NYE. The matter was referred to the
Senator from Alabama, and it is his report.
Mr. SPENCER. It was referred to me as
a sub-committee. The authorities are all stated
in the report.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to hear it.
Mr. VICKEHS. The Committee on Com-
merce committed specially to the Senatorfrom
Alabama the duty.of investigating this partic-
ular subject. They intrusted it to him, and
requested him to make a thorough examination.
Mr. SPENCER. I think this paper is a
brief history of the whole affair. I ask that
it be read.
The Chief Clerk read thefollowing statement
In ISM William H. Parker, a citizon oftheUnited
States, discovered two small islands of guano m tho
Pacific ocean, situated in about latitudo 16°4 north,
and west longitude 169° 17'. He subsequently tiled
his declaration at tho State Department under tho
act of August 18, 1S5G, and possessed and occupied
them. Under tho declaration of Mr. Parker all
claims liavo arisen, showing him to have been tno
discovcrer. llo named them respectively Johnson
and Agnes. * , ,,.
Adilliculty seems to have arisen m tins case on
account of ihc similarity in name and position ot
another group twenty-four dogrees west ot this group
claimed, namely, "Johnson's and bmyth a group,
108° 48' 30" east, claimed to liavo been discovered by
one Captain Johnson, of theBritish ship Cornwall is.
The™ latter islands are of great magnitude and value.
This claimant only claim;* the first or smallor group
nearest, ouvowndoast. ( Vide Bur. Navig.
4o ) Those two small islands havo evidently rnado
since 3807, as tho largest is now only about amilo in
length, the smaller half amilo. (Vtdeidem, Rep., pago
43 remark.) Tho first group is simply one hundred
and sixty-nine device.-? while tho second group
is ono hundred ami sixty-nine degrees east, or about
twentv-four degrees distant from each other, or about
fifteen hundred nnlcs. llenco the mistake is
porooptiblo. {Vido British Admiralty obart, Xiaok
chart of Captain Bogers. and Borghaus ot Gotha.)
Now, as to tho jurisdiction oi our Government.
By thU discovery of Mr. Parker they were first
brought to tho notice ot our Government, and sub-
sequently 'bonded under the aot; and daring the
thirteen years they have been thus held no other
Government or Power either laid claim to or even
now claims them. (Shortly alter Mr. 1 arker s dis-
covery it is shown that the king: ot the Sandwich
Islands issued a proclamation with respect to tVieua,
but, becoming convinced on proper prools that no
was m error, lie withdrew all claim thereto. (Vi le
Black's Opinions, Attorney (general, vol.9, page366.)
But had. they been under any.other Government
prior to the discovery of Parker.it is as clearly shown
that no compliance had been made
with the law of nations as to discovery, which must
be "by some actual, visible occupation or posso|~
sion.S ( Vide Vattcl, book 1, cap. 18 sec. 209.) It is
clearly shown that thcro was no such oceupibtion
or possession" at tho time of their discovery by
MButasckcondly, tho law passed by tho Congress of
the United States governing the deposits ot := ",'"10
socmsfcobear another solution ot 'hjsnnohtion.
title of the act reads thus: An not to authouze pro-
tection to be given to eili/.ons of the United btates
who may discover deposits ot guano. '\vu* '
posing the British captain to have lirst discovered
tho islands, does not the act as to the discovery sub-
sequently of guano add rights? And especially so
whore no notice has been served upon our
n-ent and 110 possession taken and neiu by tn.it
Power? 1'or this act furthei declares section one,
"They shall not be occupied by the citizen, of any
other Government or m tho possession or occupancy
ot any other Government;" section 'wosays, lor
the purpose of obtaining said guano; and 111 see
tion four "That it shall not be obligatory u^on tho
United States to retain possession ^ttao eua' J
deposits shall h;i ve been removed. Why . bu iply
because it would cost the Power holding more than
the small, remote islands would be wurtb to k
^^fts'-'^rb'JeSv^raVi Of
n LioSt^Sf'iirooke, of tho United States ^irvey-
ing schooner Fenimoie Cooper,-
and mentions them to have Heport.
thKoVe|y w tato?e8fUim
the benefits of tho act of 1838. as to guano deposits.
