1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
585
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Currency—Mr, Burchard.
Ho. oi? Reps.
you, Senators, if with all these obstacles in the
way you expect people to become naturalized
in this country ?
I ought to say one thing more, which I hope
will affect the hearts of some of the Senators
who are so sensitive to everything that relates
to the soldier. You recollect that you made a
law that every alien who served one year in
the Army of the United States during the war,
and was honorably discharged, might become
a citizen of the United States without any other
residence. It was a good law, a most righteous
law; and yet let me tell you, Senators, that
every one of these soldiers who got his nat-
uralization after July 4, 1808, in a city of
over one hundred thousand inhabitants, is
branded by this bill as a fraudulent pretender,
and required to produce his certificate and
let it be impounded and let it be canceled,
if some little commissioner shall see fit to so
order.
That is love for the soldier ; that is gratitude
for his services! You brought these people
from Europe here during the war, and you
know how they strengthened your hands. You
had agents in Germany, and agents in Ireland.
They brought thousands upon thousands of
Germans and Irishmen here to fill the ranks
of your Army to fight for a country upon which
they had never set foot before, but to which
they were attached by all they had ever heard
of it, and especially by its liberal policy toward
the foreign-born. They came here knowing
that you had a glorious history in the privileges
which you had extended to the foreign-born.
They saw that; they came here to fight your
battles; and you in gratitude and injustice
to them made them citizens; and now they
are branded with suspicion, if not infamy, by
this bill, and menaced with a deprivation of
that citizenship for which they risked their
lives.
Again, Mr. President, one thing more I ought
to say. What is the use of-this? _ Iu eleven
States of this Union persons not citizens of the
United States are entitled to vote, and no one
can gainsay the right of a State to confer on an
unnaturalized resident the electoral franchise,
and the Constitution is express that he who is
ari elector of members of the most numerous
branch of the State Legislature is an elector
of members of Congress. What then is the use
of passing this bill? What good will it do?
There is not a State in the Union that cannot
render it a nullity if it see fit by amending its
constitution and allowing unnaturalized resi-
dents to vote. In eleven States of the Union,
so far as the elective franchise is concerned,
it is not worth the paper it is written on,
but so far as the right of citizenship and the
right of protection is concerned, and perhaps
the right to hold real estate, it is dreadfully
effective.
In conclusion, I ask you, Senators, has not
the emigration from Europe benefited your
country? Has it not added to your material
wealth? Has it not added to your knowledge?
Has it not supplied you with strong arms to
overcome the wilderness, cultivate the soil,
build up your towns, make your railroads, con-
struct your canals? And above all, has it not
brought into the country a body of men who
will favorably compare with any like number
of men on the face of the globe? And is it
not vour interest, is it not the interest of the
Republic that these men should be bound to it
by the ties of allegiance ? Is it not better for the
country that they should not be a Pariah class,
should not be a proscribed class, but that they
should be our fellow-citizens, having the same
iuteiestin the common welfare that you and
I and all of us have? If this is the policy of
the country, it this is sound policy, then 1 ask
you to set your faces against a bill of vexa-
tions, of pains, of penalties, of persecutions,
and of stigmas, which is intended to prevent
(hem from becoming citizens.
The Currency.
SPEECH OF HON. H. 0. BURCHARD,
OF ILLINOIS,
In the House of Representatives,
June 8, 1870.
The House having under consideration the bill
(II. 11. No. 1900) to increase banking facilities, and
for other purposes—
Mr. BURCHARD said:
Mr. Speaker: The bill under consideration
presents the practical question, what legisla-
tion, if any, is necessary for the better regula-
tion of the currency ? Upon this there is a wide
diversity of opinion. The feverish anxiety
with which the business public have watched
our action indicates the importance in popu-
lar estimation of sound financial legislation.
Interference is asked to change the present
condition of the currency for widely different
reasons and purposes: On the one hand, de-
preciation, the instability of values, and wild
speculations occurring in stocks and commod-
ities are charged to an excess of paper circula-
tion ; and on the other, financial embarrassment
and local money stringency are held to be the
result of its insufficiency. Propositions are
pending, some to increase, others to diminish
the volume of the circulation, or effect a rad-
ical change in its character, quality, or mode
of issue. Contraction, inflation, redistribution,
retirement of legal tenders, abolition of national
banks, each is urged as the sovereign specific
for our monetary disorders.
The magnitude of the business interests to
be affected, the injustice resulting from need-
less changes in monetary values, warn us not
to act heedlessly. 1 ivery disturbance that raises
or lowers the market value of the paper legal
standard unsettles other values and impairs the
obligation of existing contracts and maturing
debts. A variation of one per cent, affects the
estimated valuation of the annual production of
the country $68,000,000, and of its total wealth
$•234,000,000.
The evils arising from such fluctuations are
too apparent for comment. While the country
as a whole is not richer or immediately poorer,
and the same actual wealth exists, the mutual
relations of individuals to its ownership or
right of ownership have changed. Earnings
and savings are increased or lessened from
mere lack of permanence in the measuring
unit of values. Its instability enriches or im-
poverishes one portion of the community at
the expense of another. The incentives to
economy and to the acquisition of property are
weakened, industry is discouraged, and spec-
ulation promoted. Thus the national wealth
is comparatively diminished and its develop-
ment and accumulation retarded. Uncertainty
attends every business undertaking based upon
a standard of fluctuating value. Hardship and
injustice are frequent and unavoidable results.
To guard against these evils the Federal
Government was authorized to provide a uni-
form standard of value. Congress alone has
power to coin money and regulate the value
thereof, and of foreign coin. The stability of
money values must not be imperiled by private
citizens exercising the national prerogative.
The miner is forbidden to stamp the product
of his own labor with the device of the Mint.
The legalized standard mustbc kept certain,per-
manent, and reliable. No less is it the duty
of Congress to secure against ruinous fluctua-
tions the currency which it has authorized to
issue as a substitute for coin and declared a
legal standard.
THE OFFICE OF JIOXEY.
In investigating the kiud and quantity of
currency required to do the business ot the
country "it is necessary to bear in mind the office
that money performs. Writers usually ascribe
to it two functions:
1. As a standard of value.
2. As a medium of exchange.
For the purpose of a satisfactory discussion
another use must be noticed, whether consid-
ered an independent or modified form of the
other two, namely:
3. As capital held in reserve for future use
or exchange.
While a portion of the circulation is in active
use in facilitating exchanges between other
values, more or less money is constantly found
withdrawn from immediate circulation and re-
tained as capital for future conversion into
other forms of capital. Money, instead of being
the medium, becomes, in such case, primarily
the object of exchange. Idle capital can thus
be 'kept convertible at pleasure into other
forms of capital. Its owner frequently prefers
to retain it in the form of money while wait-
ing for opportunities to loan or use it.
I can illustrate these different uses by sup-
posing that "& miller has ten barrels of flour
which he wishes to exchange. If lie exchanges
the flour at five dollars a barrel with the grain
merchant for wheat at one dollar per bushel,
no money or circulation is required. The
money price simply served as a standard for
comparing values. If he receives fifty dollars
in cash for the flour and immediately pays it
for the wheat, the money serves as a medium
of exchange as well as a standard of value. If
the flour is sold not for present exchange, but
to lay aside the proceeds for future use, the
money becomes inactive as circulation, and
is reserved or idle capital. Money employed
for this latter purpose forms for the time being
no part of the actual circulation, but yet in-
creases its total volume. It is like a ship in
port waiting for a charter, which augments the
tonnage but not the commerce of the country.
It is idle rolling stock on the side track or
housed at the station, moving merchandise in
ease of emergency or unusual demand. _
The amount required for this reserve will vary
with the wealth of the community, activity of
the exchanges, demand for loans, or opportuni-
ties for investment in marketable interest-bear-
ing securities. It diminishes with increased
exchanges and demand for active circulation,
and accumulates when business enterprises
promise little profitand exchanges are lessened.
Evidently, the amount of money required to
transact the business of the country will depend
upon its demand both for active circulation and
reserved capital.
THE MATERIAL FOR MONEY.
That a coinage of the precious metals best
subserves all tho uses of money as a standard
of value, a medium of exchange, and inactive
capital, is practically acknowledged by every
civilized nation. But it is found that for many
purposes the promise or representative of coin
can bo used as readily as the coin itself Gold
and silver are part of the wealth and capital of
the world. Their value is measured, like that
of other forms of capital, by cost- of produc-
tion, supply, and demand. If less actual cap-
ital can be required for circulation by the use
of inexpensive substitutes there is a gain to
the community. So that the value of the sub-
stitute conforms to that of the coin it repre-
sents, no harm, hut a benefit, inures to the
country. Commercial nations have found it
advantageous to dispense with the exclusive
use of coin, and adopt, in pari, paper substi-
tutes. But money in the shape of paper cur-
rency differs widely from com in one respect;
they may be identical, and when interchange-
able at par generally are, in facilitating ex-
changes, and iu their relations to trade and
business. A coin circulation is of inlnc-sic
commercial value. It not ouly represents, but
is capital. The stamp of the mint in effect liut
designates the weight and quality oi the metal.
In the form of coin it has no additional value,
except, at most, the hare cost of coinage. Bul-
lion and coin aie nearly ot equivalent value.
Paper currency, whether a Government or
