2S8:
THE-' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
to the demands of duty as to leave the only.
friends--of the Government in ; the hands of
butchers, disrupters of the public peace, de-
spisers of-the Federal -law? -Ate w<doing as
we should ■ be done by when we give the rebel
more confidence than we do the man that loves
th6' flag,that symbolizes a Union unbroken,
and; unflinchingly avows his fidelity to the
great principles that have become thebasis of
our national glory? I caniiGfc believe it. It is
useless for us to theorize upon what Georgia
may do; we know what she has done. Her
deeds are-written in letters of blood; through-
out he* borders the same obstinate resistance
to other'ithan the highwayman's creed, the
Kuklux code, is experienced and offered.
Life, property, peace, harmony can never
be sfeeured without the intervention of the
higher powers, the legislative action of Con-
gress. The enemy of the Government must be
arrested in his nefarious course. The friend of
the Government must be assured that its strong
arm shall reach him, protect him, and uphold
hi'm in all that pertains to his interests and
peace. And how shall this be done ? Shall we
wait until the Georgia Legislature is purged of
its illegal members or receives back again those
who have the only right to seats within its Halls?
Shall we receive the unauthorized assertions
of unrecognized, self-constituted oracles of a
defiant people as a suSicient guarantee of the
future? Do we not already know that it is in
vain to expect justice at the hands of men who
hold their places through treachery and fraud ?
Have they not told us they will continue to
spurn our counsels, despise our policies, dis-
regard our enactments ?
Who stands here in defense of such a constit-
uency ? Who is there to applaud their acts, to
vindicate their d evilish hate and hellish designs ?
No true patriot whose heart beats with devotion
to his country! no firm, unyielding defender
of the right; no champion of the weak; no
sympathizer with the wronged. Those who
denounced the heroes of a hundred baHle-fields,
fightingforthepreservationoftheUnion; those
who stigmatized the war and its prosecution
as unholy which was carried to so successful
and,triumphant a close are the eulogizers to-day
of such a brotherhood whom they are pleased
to pronounce "a brave, virtuous, ana noble
people," Ifsaeh cruelty, outrage, and politi-
cal rnadnefs make up the elements of character
which they call brave, virtuous, and noble,
God save us from such nobility or heroism.
No, Mr. Speaker, wo cannot afford to falter
longer; we must place the shield of our power
before the remaining loyalists of Georgia ere
they too have been added to the list of mur-
dered victims. Our national honor has been
pledged our Chief Magistrate has iterated his
covenant by those who stand by his adminis-
tration. These Halls have echoed with prom-
ised succor to the furthest off, all who sustain the
reconstruction acts, by which alone the States
once in revolt can be restored to the Federal
Union.
General Terry, in his able report to the War
Department on the affairs in Georgia, says:
"It appears to mo that tho national honor is
pledged to the protection of loyalists and frcedmen
of the South. I am well awaro that protection of
persons anu property is not ordinarily one of the
junctions of the national Government, but when it
is remembered that hostility to the supporters of the
Government is but a manifestation of hostility to tho
Government itself, and that tho prevailing prejudice
results from the emancipation act of
the (government, it would seem that such protection
cannot ho denied them if it be within the power of
the Uovernmcnt to give."
now shall this protection be given ?
"Prbvidc by law/' he says, "for tho reassembling
of t he Legislature, irom which all ineligible persons
shall be excluded, and to which all eligible persons
elected to it, whether white or black, shall be admit-
ted. buch Legislature would, I believe, enact such
laws and invest their Executive with such powers
as would enable him to keep the peace, protect life
and property, and punish crime."
Now, then, Mr. Speaker, the President of the
United States, in his message to both Houses
of Congress, recognizing the great necessity
which, General Terry has pointed, out and the
only .means, to meet it, sayS.:
"I would submit to you whether it would Dot be
wise without delay to enact .a law.authorizmg the
Governor of Georgia to convene the members origin-
ally elected to tho Legislature, requiring each mem-
ber to take theoath prescribed bythereeoiistruction
acts, and none to be admitted who are ineligible un-
der the third clause of the fourteenth amendment.
In view of the suggestion of the President
and the urgent need of immediate action we
have come without delay with a bill to promote
the reconstruction of the State of Georgia in
the manner and way indicated to us by the head"
of the nation, whose trusty servants have given
him the true condition of a suffering people.
In this we provide that the Legislature shall
be reassembled and proceed to organize in
conformity with the laws and Constitution of
the United States ; that they shall take the
oaths prescribed by the constitution of the State
of Georgia, and also subscribe and file in the
office of the secretary of the State of Georgia
an oath which if not within the exact language,
word for word, of the third clause of the four-
teenth amendment, is the same in substaiice and
intent, and therefore in strict accord with the
highest recommendation.
We have provided among other things in this
bill againstan obstinate refusal to take this oath
by denying the right of such a person to a seat
in or participation in the proceedings of the
Legislature; also, against perjury with its pen-
alties, and provided further against force, vio-
lence, fraud, willful hinderance or interruption
of any person in the exercise of the oaths or
affirmations which alone will declare without
regard to race, color, or previous condition of
servitude who is entitled to become members
of the Legislature of Georgia.
It is not our fault that we are driven to this
extremity. In_ violation of the constitution
of Georgia, which its Legislature had sworn
to abide by, they expelled colored .members
legally elected and admitted white members
disqualified under the fourteenth amendment.
The supreme court of Georgia has decided the
eligibility of the colored members to their seats
still denied them, and the Congress of the
United States has decided long ago the ineligi-
bility of the usurpers, who hold and keep their
seats in defiance of all enactments. We pro-
pose to deal with them as their case deserves,
by means which will alone compel obedience
to the demands of law—our constitutional pro-
visions.
But, say the tender-dealing advocates of de-
lay, " let us give the Legislature of Georgia a
chance to act in accordance with the decision
of the supreme court of that State." Mr. Tift,
who represents nobody, who is repudiated by
everybody, whose declarations are denounced
in unmeasured terms by the Democracy and
Democratic journals throughout his State,
Mr. Tift saj's " Georgia will do her duty if she
is only allowed a chance." The ready cham-
pion of the Legislature of Georgia from Ken-
tucky and his Illinois copartner in faith and
trust in the successful opponents to reconstruc-
tion, repeat the assertion, " Georgia will do
her duty when her Legislature convenes, for
they are all honorable menbut what is the
voice of those who are the leaders, the whip-
pers-in, the bugle-blowers of defiance to con-
gressional policies? Let them be heard.
Through the Constitutionalist, of Augusta,
of the 17th instant, " An earnest appeal to true
Georgians" is made "in view," as it says, "of
the pending danger which threatens them by
the palpable usurpation of power" which Con-
gress is now exhibiting in the passage of an
act for the promotion of the reconstruction of
Georgia. "Will the Legislature of Georgia,"
it asks, "become the willing or pliant tool for
the execution of such designs?" "We hope
not," is the reply. " If the entrance to this last
stronghold of State rights, this last hope of a
free people, is, to be the adoption of the fif-
teenth amendment, and this is to be effected by.
the reseating the unseated negro members of
our Legislature, let Congressmen come up to
the work and do it themselves. Never let it
be recorded that this base, suicidal deed was'
perpetrated by Georgia. We entreat the Legis-
lature of Georgia never to become the willing
or cowardly instruments of this enormous crime
against the liberties of their country."
General Morgan, and honorable Georgia?",''
" for they are all honorable men," anxious to
correct what he Galls misrepresentations of the
actions of the Legislature of. Georgia and to
repudiate the deductions therefrom by the in-
ordinately vain and self-constituted exponent
of the intentions of the Legislature of his State,
who so earnestly desires his reseating in this
Congress—I mean the honorable gentleman
from the second district- of Georgia—General
Morgan, who holds the seat of a loyal colored
man ; who himself is ineligible by his former
as well as present disloyalty; who claims to
know whereof he affirms, to speak the true
sentiment and declare the unalterable determ-
ination of the present Legislature, says:
"Neither the senate or house intended to submit
the question of the eligibility of colored members to
seats in the Legislature to the supreme court."
And in furtherance of this fact opens up the
primary steps taken by the very party which
gentlemen on this floor have endeavored so
ardently to defend, and shows beyond a doubt
that nothing can be expected from those who
have already pledged themselves to submit no
longer to dictations from without..
I am not surprised at the fulsome flattery
which is expended on these resistants to the
national law by sueh as sympathize with their
actions, who have ever admired their heroism
for the wrong. To substantiate still further
the intent and purpose of those who have driven
us to the consideration of the act now before
us I give the closing enunciations of General
Morgan in his reply to Colonel Tift on what
Georgia will do:
" In the Democratic caucus this had been settled
before the adoption of theresolution.and Mr. Price's
resolution, which was originally drawn with the in-
tention of submitting the whole matter to the decis-
ion of the supreme court, was amended so as not to
pledge the Legislature in any manner or form, but
to leave the question with the people. Hence it is
that the preamble of that resolution, which was not
changed, reads as though it was tho intention of its
author to pledge those who adopted it to the decision
of the court.
"When the resolution was under consideration on
its final passage in the house, during tho debate it
■was stated by members, and among others tho writer
of this article, 'that the Legislature was a coordinate
branch of tho State government and coequal with
the supreme court; that it had exclusive j urisdiction
in judging and determining the qualifications of its
own members, from which judgment when pro-
nounced there was no appeal, and with which the
supreme court or any other court had no right to
interfere. In questions of this nature the Legisla-
ture was supreme, and its decision was a judicial
decision, and had been so held from time imme-
morial,'
."'Stare decisis was the law of the courts. The ques-
tion, whether right or wrong, had been determined
by this Legislature, and was now settled forever. It
was res judicata, and no legislative body, tho British
Parliament, the Congress of the United States, or
any other, had ever boon known to rescind its judg-
ment on a question of this kind when once made.'
Under these impressions the Legislature acted,
and had the contrary impression prevailed the reso-
lution never would havo been adopted.
So much for Hon. C. B. Wooton's statement of
the intended pledge by the Legislature. Why ho
desired to call out the honorable member of Congress
from the sccondcongressional district I do not know,
unless the honorable gentleman from tho second
wanted to got his obnoxious opinions' upon thesitua-
tion before the country. The inordinate vanity and
egotism displayed in every paragraph of his answer is
sumciontly disgusting without his offensive conclu-
sions about reseating the negroes and the fifteenth
amendment. The pronoun (I) in the honorable gen-
tleman's opinion is the only letter in the alphabet.
One would think in reading his letterthat he was the
only member m Congress from Georgia, and, Atlas-
nko, sustained upon his broad shoulders the fate of
tho whole country.
, It. is well known that on his return to Georgiafor
the Christmas holidays he urged everywhere tho
scheme of the Legislature adopting a resolution sub-
mitting the matter to the supreme court in order to
obviate any action by Congress, and after he got
back to Washington wrote several letters to mem-
bers of the Legislature urging itjupon them. This
was then tho honorable gentleman's great remedy
for all the threatened ills to Georgia; and after tho
resolution passed in the form and under tho circum*
