580
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
f J irae
llo. of LI bps.
Currency—Mr. B urchard.
4 1st Cong!-....2d Sess.
a bank note, represents capital merely ; is the
evidence of a debt, tiie voucher for a claim, a
promise of a certain amount of capital. Its
leal value depends upon the ability and will-
ingness of the promissor to pay, and is not, like
coin itself, of universal commercial value, and
exchangeable for other forms of capital in all
civilized countries. While convertible at par
into coin for home use, it will circulate as freely
as the coin; if inconvertible, its market value
fluctuates with the degree of confidence in its
speedy redemption and the ability to use, it as
a substitute for better money.
It seeins preposterous gravely to argue with
any one the impossibility of dispensing with coin
or a coin measure of values; yet it is seriously
urged, and seems to be believed by enthusiastic
i dormers in and out of Congress, who have
specific plans and theories for managing the
finances of the country. They say currency
issued by t.heOovernment, made a legal tender,
must be worth the sum it purports to be, for it
has the credit, of the nation as its basis of value,
and is receivable at its face in discharge of
debts. What better standard cau there be?
Its intrinsic value is the capital of the nation,
a part of which it represents. In its use it
facilitates exchanges and pays debts like other
money. Let us banish coin, and have this
cheaper if not better kind of money. If it will
not go abroad to pay debts, so much the bel-
ter, it can never bo drained from us or become
scarce.
The person who believes 'that shells, gin-
seng, sheep, leather, and wampum are as good
as coin for money, because barbarous nations
in the firstadvance from barter have used them
us standards of value, or that irredeemable
Mumped paper can be made to answer us a
perfect substitute for real money, discards the
teachings of science and the experience of his-
tory, and seems incapable of appreciating the
first principles of social economy and finance.
It is no new theory; it has been tried again and
again, always with failure, seldom without dis-
aster.
The French republic, the American colo-
nies before and during the Revolution, the
Hussian empire under Catharine and l'aul I,
the so-called confederate States, and our own
Government, l>y legal enactment, provided that
stamped paper should pass current with its
corresponding denomination of coin.
The fate of continental money, French as-
RignatH, Kimsiau paper rubles, confederate
currency, and the history of our legal tenders
show how unreliable, unwise, and futile the
al tempt to create a standard based other than
upon the money of the world. Russia inef-
fectually tried the experiment for years, threat-
ening with the gallows the merchant who would
not receive the stamped paper aL the same rate
as the silver ruble, and finally abandoned the
attempt to maintain a paper standard of value.
In a non-commercial country, without foreign
trade or balances to adjust with foreign mer-
chants, a currency without intrinsic value, ex-
cept as it can bo used by force of legal enact-
ment in paymetitof debts, can bemade available
in facilitating home exchanges. In a commer-
cial country this cannot be the case. So much
com must be kept as is required to tiansact
business with foreign countries. There must
bo a common measure of international valu-
ation. Commercial nations having universally
adopted the precious metals, the use of coin as
the common standard becomes indispensable
in settlements and payment of balances between
the traders of diUerentcountries. Under exist-
ing commercial usage and trade it is the com-
mon measure for the value of all our exports
and ail our imports. Measuring their value
abroad in coin, the same standard determines
their value here.
One fourteenth of the estimated production
of the eonntiy finds a. market m foreign conn-
fries. Our exports forthe year ending Decem-
ber 31, 1869, amounted, inclusive of specie, to
$404,873,300, and our imports, less reexports,
to $434,239,913. Here is an annual inter-
change of values between the people of our
own and other countries amounting to about
nine hundred million dollars. We shipped
beyond the seas or to neighboring lands, of—
Cotton $187,093,477
Kreaitstulfs and provisions  105..-123,314
Tobacco     25,731,(306
Petroleum  31,583,254
In the foreign market the price of these pro-
ducts was measured in the coin of the country.
Our imports were bought not by barter, in ex-
change for these products piece by piece, but
at a cash valuation in the money of the coun-
try, The value of that money, be it sovereign,
thaler, franc, or dollar, is determined by the
quantity of the precious metals contained in the
coins represented by those respective denomin-
ations.
We not only measure the values of our ex-
ports and imports in coin, but use the coin in
settlement of balances. To some countries we
send, from others receive coin. In payment
for exports, in 1869, $24,968,527 of coin and
bullion was sent to this country, $10,317,574
of which was reexported in payment of im-
ports, besides a direct export of $41,037,437
in discharge of other payments or purchases.
The balances vary largely from year to year.
In 1808 our exports to Great Britain were
$190,000,000, exclusive of coin, while the im-
ports were but $116,000,000. The previous
year gave a balance against us aside from coin
exported. A stock of coin becomes necessary as
an international circulation, not to the amount
of foreign exchanges, but sufficient to prevent
its movement, sometimes exceeding §100,000,-
000 a year, from disturbing values.
A coin standard measuring the value of
exported commodities abroad becomesa meas-
ure of the price at home forthe entire product,
whether sold for domestic or foreign consump-
tion,
A surplus of cotton, tobaceo, and breadstuffs
necessitate foreign trade and commerce. The
gold price in New York will be the Liverpool
price less such sura as will pay estimated
expenses and sufficient profit to induce ship-
ment. The currency pricc m New York will
be determined by tlie difference between the
varying value of tho inconvertible paper dol-
lar compared with tho gold dollar. Tho
value of paper currency used for the conven-
ience of business, or through legal enactment
or compulsion, thus itself is measured by its
market value in coin. Apparently adopt-
ing a debt standard of value, based not upon
capital in immediate possession, but upon
credit and confidence in its future redemption
or present ability to pay indebtedness, we find
that the value of this standard in all but its
compulsory uso iu discharge of debls is really
measured by its purchasing power compared
with that of the permanentstable and common
standard of international valuation based upon
the precious metals.
SUPPLY OF COIN NECESSARY.
The amount of coin and its proportion to the
paper currency is immaterial except as affect-
ing its uniformity of value. All values are
varied by the relative supply and demand.
Coin is no exception. The greater supply the
less the fluctuations and disturbance from triv-
ial causes. Where the coin is barely adequate
to transact the business fur which its use is in-
dispensable, as to pay balances of foreign trade,
customs duties, and coin interest on the national
debt, unfavorable balances of trade or power-
ful combinations ofcapitalists may, as has lately
been tin; case, temporarily disturb the value of
coin and the relative value; of other commod-
ities. It is safer and better, therefore, lhat the
!'in'iilntl'in should consist Inreoly of coin. Per-
manence and stability of value are charaeter-
isiicsoi'aso'in.l noiip'' -• I'lnetuption.
and not depreciation, is the great evil of an
irredeemable currency. Were the depreciation
fixed and unvarying, an inconvertible circula-
tion could be used without great disadvantage
or inconvenience. It would pass at the dis-
count, and the real value of commodities pur-
chased with it be ascertained as readily as that
of those purchased with foreign coin. The
cost in American coin of wheat or cotton pur-
chased with paper currency worth ninety cents
on the dollar is as easily computed as that of
silks or cutlery purchased with francs or ster-
ling money, or commodities sold by the six-
pence and shilling.
EFFECT OF SCARCITY OF CAPITAL TO LOAN.
To arrive at accurate conclusions in regard
to the amount of currency required scarcity of
loanable capital must be distinguished from
scarcity of circulation. As the latter is the
medium through which the former is obtained,
the two are often confounded in considering
the cause of money stringency. Circulation
may be sufficient to make exchanges and ac-
commodate tho owners of idle capital desir-
ing to retain it in the form of currency or coin,
and yet applications for loans be frequent
and with difficulty supplied. The state of the
money market, as stringent or easy, is usually
rated by tho condition of the loan market, which
depends upon the disposition and ability of the
lenders and necessities of the borrowers, inde-
pendent of the supply of actual circulation.
Where accumulated capital is not abundant,
and every member of the community actively
employs all the means he can command, the
borrowers will be many, the lenders few. Tho
stock of capital held for loan will be light, the
demaud urgent, the rate offered and charged
for its uso high and excessive, independent of
the abundance or insufficiency of the circula-
tion. In an older settled country, where accu-
mulations are greater and tho business popu-
lation is less active, capital for loan will be
more abundant and the rate for its use much
lower.
The apparent money stringency in portions
of the country is largely the result of great
demand for loanable capital for investment in
improving and developing the resources of
those regions, with limited supply and an ad-
verse balance of trade. To build towns, rail-
roads, factories, open mines, fence farms, and
improve them with houses, barns, and other
shelter, in a new unsettled country requires
capital which must be brought from older States
or wait its slow accumulation from the profits
of unaided home industry. Capital yearly
goes to tho new Stales, not so much in form
of money as in material and supplies bought
in eastern markets. In ordiuary seasons, when
prices are remunerative, the productive soil
and profitable industry is able to accumulate a
surplus to invest in these improvements or to
pay upon past indebtedness incurred in making
them, and the necessary circulation is retained,
lint when crops are poor or prices low, and the
balance of trade becomes unfavorable, the cir-
culating capital is drawn away and a local
scarcity of money for actual use in making
exchanges is an unavoidable consequence.
The diminution or insufficiency of capital is
the primary caus.e of lack of circulation, and
increase of the former will restore the neces-
sary supply. An addition to the to'tal circula-
tion equally diffused, when the existing amount
is ample, tends to inflate priee3 generally, but
not to afford local relief. To obtain a portion
of the increased circulation other values must
be sold or exchanged for it, and by the ex-
change no more money will be secured than the
additional price resulting from the inflation.
The accession of capital to a locality, whether
as circulation or iu other form readily ex-
changeable fur money, is the only certain
method of relieving local money stringency,
unless the circulation can be furnished to it,
as in case ol hank circulation, upon deposit of
