1600
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
The Clerk read  8 follows:
Proclamation to the citizens of New Mexico by Col-
onel Kearny, commanding the United States forces.
Tho undersigned enters New Mexico with a large
military force tor the purpose of seeking union with
and ameliorating the condition of its inhabitants.
This he does under instructions from his Government,
and with the assurance that he will be amply sus-
tained in the accomplishment of this object. It is
enjoined on the citizens of Now Mexico to remain
quietly at their homes and to pursue their peaceful
avocations. So long as they continue in such pur-
suits they will not be interfered with by tho Ameri-
can army, but will be respected and protected in
their rights, both civil and religious.
All who take op arms or oncourane resistance
against the Government of the United States will be
regarded as enemies, and will be treated accordingly.
S. W. KEARNY.
Colonel First Dragoon*.
Camp at Bent's Fom on thk Arkansas,
July 31,1846.
Proclamation to the inhabitants of New Mexico by
Brigadier General S.W.Kearny, commanding the
troops of the United States in tho same.
As by the act of the republic of Mexico a state of
war exists between that Government and the United
States, and as the undersigned, at the head of his
troops, on the 18th instant took possession of Santa
F6, the capital of the department of New Mexico, ho
now announces his intention to hold the department
with iu original boundaries, on both sides of the Del
Norte, as a part of the United States, and under tho
name of "the Territory of New Mexico."
The undersigned has come to New Mexico with a
strong military force, and an equally strong one is
following closc in his rear. He has moro troops than
necessary to put down any opposition thatcan possi-
bly be brought against him, and therefore it would be
but folly or madness for any dissatisfied or discon-
tented persons to think of resisting him.
The undersigned has instructions from his Govern-
ment to respect the religious institutions of New
Mexico; to protect the property of the church: to
c;i use the worship of those belonging to it to be undis-
turbed, and t.heirreligious rights in the amplest man-
lier preserved to them; also to protect the persons
and property of all quiet and peaceable inhabitants
within its boundaries against their enemies, the Eu-
taws, the Navnjocs, and others; and when he assures
all that it will be his pleasure as well as his duty to
comply with those instructions, he calls jipon them
to exert themselves in preserving order, in promot-
ing concord, and in maintaining -the authority and
.eftieacy of the laws; and he requires of those who
have left their homes and taken up arms against the
troops of the United States to return forthwith to
them, or else they will be considered as enemies and
traitors, subjecting their persons to punishment and
their property to seizure and confiscation for the
benefit of the public Treasury.
It is the wish and intention of the United States
to provide for New Mexioo a free government with
the least possible delay, similar to those in the Uni-
ted States, and the people of New Mexico will then
be called on to exercise the rights of freemen in
electing their own representatives to the territorial
Legislature. But until this can be done, the laws
hitherto in existence will becontinued untilchanged i
or modified by competent authority, and thoso per- '
sons holding office will continue in the same for the
present, provided they will consider themselves good
citixens and willing to take the oath of allegiance I
to the United States.
. The undersigned hereby absolves all persons resid- '
ing within the boundaries of New Mexico from any
further allegiance to the republic of Mexico, and
hereby claims them as citwens of the United States.
JLhose who remain quiet and peaceable will bo con-
sidered good citizens and receive protection; those
who are found in arms, or instigating others against
the United States, will be considered as traitors and
treated accordingly.
Don Manuel Armijo, the late governor of this de-
partment, has fled from it. The undersigned has
taken possession of it without firing a gun or spill-
ing a single drop of blood, in which he most truly
rejoices, and for the present will be considered as
governor of the territory.
jGiveti at Santa Fe, the capital of the Territory of
New Mexico, this 22d day of August, 1846, and in the
seventy-nrBtyearof the Independence of the United
States.
„ . S. W. KEARNY,
Bngadier General, United States Army,
By the Governor:
JUAN BAUTISTA VIGIL Y ALARID.
Adjutant Gexbhal's Office,
. Washington, January 29,1870,
Official:
H. WILLIAMS,
Anistant Adjutant General.
[Here the hammer fell. J
Mr. CHAVES. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I renew the amendment;
and yield to the gentleman from New Mexico.
[Mr. Chaves.]
Mr. CHAVES. Mr. Chairman, both the
proclamations which have just been read were
issued to the people of New Mexico in order
that they might not resist the forces of the
United States while they were attempting to
conquer that Territory from the republic of
Mexico. It will be observed, Mr. Chairman,
that at that time General Kearny, commander
of the United States forces and the authorized
agent of the Government of the United States,
promised the people of New Mexico that if
they would continue their peaceful avocations
they should be protected in their rights, both
civil and religious. Have they been thus pro-
tected in their rights, civil and religions? What
are a man's rights? I speak not as a lawyer;
I am no lawyer; but one portion of a man's
rights is protection in the property which he
holds. If he is not so protected, he is not
secured in those rights to which he is entitled.
Now, sir, the people of New Mexico did
exactly what General Kearny asked them to
do. They laid down their arms. As he him-
self says, they shed not one dropof blood, but
allowed him to take peaceable possession of
that territory. What has the Government of the
j United States done for them? There are at
j least $5,000,000 of claims held by that people,
I arising from the fact that the Government of
the United States has failed to protect them
; against Indian incursions and Indian depreda-
tions. What do you propose to do to-day?
Do you still propose to protect them ? No; on
the contrary, you say that the claims not only
of the people of New Mexico, but of the peo-
ple of other States and Territories, growing up
on account of Indian depredations, shall not be
considered at all.
Besides that, Mr. Chairman, there is another
reason why the people of New Mexico should
be considered in this matter. The ninth article
of the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo expressly
states that Mexicans remaining in the said Terri-
tory, that is, the Territory of New Mexico, on
becoming citizens of the United States shall
be protected in their liberty and property. Gen-
tlemen rise here and talk in favor of the human-
itarian policy of taking care of these Indians.
Is it not time that we should look to our own
people and protect them against these Indians?
is it, to be forgotten that every day of every
year, and nearly every minute of every day, we
hear of incursions on the part of the Indians
against our own people? We hear of them
killing men, we hear of them killing women,
we hear of them killing children, and we hear
of them carrying children into captivity; yet not
one solitary voice is raised for protection being
afforded by the Government to our own people
who have been so outrageously treated. It is
time for us to think a little of our own people
and not to give all our sympathy to those who
murder and rob them.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. VOORHEES. Mr. Chairman, in the
few remarks I submitted to the House on Fri-
day I did not expect I was participating in any
general debate on this subject; but inasmuch
as the Indian war policy of the Government
has been brought squarely before the House I
think it well for members to seriously con-
sider that question. We have had a policy in
regard to the Indians from the foundation
of the Government, and I am amazed to find
it seriously contemplated to make a violent
change. I am amazed that the gentleman
from Montana [Mr. Cavanattgh] and other
distinguished and excellent gentlemen on this
floor can be found to rise in the face of the
American people and advocate that our policy
of warfare upon the Indians shall "partake of
the character of the massacre of the Piegan
Indians. Indian war is not a new thing in
this country. We have been making war with
them two hundred and fifty years. Indian war
drove the tribes when they were in their power :
from New England, drove them from the val- i
leys of New York, drove them from Pennsyl- !
vania, drove them from Indiana, drove them
from Kentucky and Ohio, drove them where
they are to-day.
This warfare has been illustrated on our part
by such names as George Washington, Andrew
Jackson, Anthony Wayne, William Henry
Harrison, and other bright and shining stars
in the firmament of our history. I have never
heard that one of these men ever stained his
name with the massacre of women and chil-
dren. When the Indians were a power in this
land we made war on them according to civil-
ized warfare. We struck them in manly battle.
Now, when they are poor, broken, and miserable
remnants, corrupted and demoralized, itis pro-
posed to change our mode of warfare and smite
not merely the warrior, but the woman and the
babe in her arms. I have thought much on
this subject, and the more I think of it the
more it fills me with horror. If, however, we
are to change the policy of the Government
let it go forth to the country now. Let it go
forth that as the Indians are broken up into
little suffering bands, dying here and dying
there with the small-pox and other diseases,
a new policy is to be inaugurated, a policy of
merciless and total extermination.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. Let me ask the gen-
tleman a question.
Mr. VOORHEES. Do not let it come out
of my time. I am always willing to yield to
the gentleman, but I beg him to excuse me
now; my time is so brief.
Let it go forth to the country, Mr. Chairman,
that we inaugurate a different policy toward
the Indian in his feebleness, toward the Indian
in his helplessness. Sir, rather than do that,
rather than adopt barbarism, rather than that
the progress of civilization should be through
the blood of women and children, let such a
civilization stop where it is. But there is no
necessity for this. The same policy which once
prevailed and adorned our annals in the past
may still prevail, with benefit alike to all. But
if this departure from that policy is to take
place, if the Administration is to call home its
peaceful agents who are endeavoring to civilize
the Indians, and to send instead the sword and
the fagot into their midst, when they are in
their lodges, in the dead of winter, to strike
them when dying of disease, sparing neither the
mother nor the babe, till the scream of the last
expiring infant shall be heard in its helpless
agony on the gale, then avow it, avow it here,
avow it boldly, and say that Indian warfare in
these days means extermination—extermina-
tion without regard to age. sex, condition, or
health, or anything else that usually protects
non-combatants in war.
[Here the hammer fell.J
Mr. VOORHEES. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I renew it. I see
that the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Voor-
HEEs] is being very properly congratulated by
his friends on the ability of the remarks he
has just made. He has drawn a very vivid
picture of the mode of warfare adopted against
the Indians. But I ask the gentleman where
shall we find them unless we seek them in their
lodges? The only place where you can strike
the Indian is to strike him in his lodge and in
his camp in mid-winter, and not in the sum-
mer. It is in the summer that they come down
upon our houses, our villages, our towns, and
slaughter our people. But, according to the
gentleman, we must not return that style of
warfare. I admit that the Indian has suffered
wrong; I admit that the Indian has been out-
raged; bat does that justify the Indians in
these terrible atrocities which I have named
this morning? It is said they had the small-
pox. Perhaps they had, and perhaps they
had hot. I ask, when would you strike them ?
Would you wait till the grass grew next month
among the mountains of Montana, until the
valleys and the fields of that Territory were
green, when they could slip from the mountains
down the passes, and then bum our towns and
