3488
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
nine, which is anothet section of pains and
penalties for obstructing the officer. Then
comes section ten:
That the commissioners, district, attorneys, the
marshals, their deputies, and the clerks of tho said
district, circuit, and territorial courts shall bo paid
lor their services tho like lees as may bo allowed to
them for similar services hi other eases. The person
or persons authorized to execute tho process to be
issued by such commissioners—
These commissioners are a sort of Federal
justices of the peace, as the Senate know, who
issue warrants—
for the arrest of offenders against tho Provisions
of this act shall be entitled to a fee of ton dollars for
each person he or they may arrest and take before
any such commissioner as aforesaid, with such other
fees as may be deemed reasonable by suoh commis-
sioner for such other additional services as may bo
necessarily performed by him or them, such as at-
tending at tho examination, keeping the prisoner in
custody, and providing him with food aud lodging
during his detention, and until tho linal determina-
tion of such commissioner, and in general for per-
forming suoh other duties as may bo required in tho
premises; such fees to be made up in conformity
with the fees usually charged hy the officers of tho
courts of justice within the proper district orcounty,
as near as may be practicable, and paid out Of the
Treasury of the United States on the certificate of
tho judge of the district within whioh tho arrest is
made, and to he recoverable from tho defendant as
part of the judgment in ease of oonviction.
The first thing that strikes one on reading
this section is this: the officer executing the
warrant is to have at least ten dollars for every
arrest he may make. Although he may not
have walked further than from here to the door
of the Senate Chamber to make the arrest, and
that far back to bring the man before the com-
missioner,he is to have ten dollars for that
service. Does not everybody see that here is
a bribe held out to officers to bfcgin these pros-
ecutions ? It is made their duty to prosecute
under this act by a previous section of the hill,
made the duty of these very same officers to
inaugurate prosecutions, and then, having in-
augurated them, each man is to have at least
ten dollars for every arrest he may make. You
make it the direct interest of the Federal offi-
cers to commence prosecutions in this way by
giving them an exorbitant fee. It is not a fee
of ten dollars alone, but ten dollars certainly
in every case, and as much more aa the com-
missioner or judge may see fit to allow.
Oh, I remember what a cry we had about
that ten-dollar provision in the fugitive slave
law 1 I remember how the people were aroused
at the idea that there should be held out by
the United States to every officer a bribe, a
reward for beginning prosecutions and perse-
cutions of colored people! Now it is provided
in this bill, in a case in which it would be ex-
ercised a hundred times, yes, perhaps a thou-
sand times, where there ever was one exercise
of it under the fugitive slave law, that an officer
shall be paid ten dollars for walking across the
street and arresting a man and taking him back ;
across the street before the commissioner, and
then as much more as the commissioner shall
see fit to allow him. Here we have enormous
fees to the officer, enormous rewards to the man
who does the swearing, the alleged deprived
voter, enormous penalties to the Tinted States,
and to cap the climax, imprisonment of not less
than one month, and for the space of one year
if the court shall see fit so to pronounce!
But then comes a most curious section, and
X ask some explanation of it. I hope my
friends of the Judiciary Committee will explain
this section: ]
Secl 11. And be it further enacted. That whenever
the President of the United States shall have reason
to believe that offenses have been or are likely to be
committed against the provisions of this aot within
any judicial district, it shall be lawful for him, in
his discretion, to direct the judge, marshal, and dis-
trict attorney of such district to attend atsnch place
within tho district, and for such time as h« may des-
ignate, for the purpose of the more speedy arrest
and trial of persons charged with a violation of this
act; and it shall be the duty ofevery judge or other
offioer, when any such requisition shall be received
by him, to attend at the place and for the time therein
designated.
I suppose this is to constitute the district
court a court to travel around the realm as the
courts used to do in England, in procession ;
and I suppose they ought to have the right that
those courts had to levy provisions for tho sup-
port of the court. That was when the king
administered justice in his own person. Then
he made his progress, as it was called, through
the kingdom, and he sent his purveyors ahead
to provide ample meat and drink and other
provisions for the court and for the judgeB when
they came to hold their court. When President
Grant shall send Judge Leavitt about the State
of Ohio, from one endbf it to another, with his
marshals and officers of all sorts and descrip-
tions, to hunt up the people violating this law,
I insist that he shall have the right of purvey-
ance ; that he shall not be required to pay his
own expenses; that he shall not bo allowed to
eat and drink at his own cost; but that he shall
have victual and drink wherever he goe3, either
at the public expense or at the expense of the
losing party in the election; I do not care
which. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEWART. That would put it on tho
Democrati c party.
Mr. THURMAN. We are going to get into
the majority in Ohio if you pass this bill, and
then I know it will be put on to you if my sug-
gestion be adopted.
Now, for fear that Judge Leavitt, in his gown,
with his marshals and flunkies, will not be suf-
ficient to execute this law as he goes about
through the State of Ohio, here is another sec-
tion a little more forcible:
Sec. 12. be it further enacted, That it shall be
lawful for tho President of tho United States, or such
person as he may empower for that purpose, to em-
ploy suoh part of tho land or naval forees of the
United States, or of tho militia, as shall be deemed
nccessary to prevent tho violation and enforce tho
due execution of this act.
The President may execute the election laws
of the States where there is no domestic vio-
lence at all, no case arising under the Consti-
tution for the exercise of the military power
of the United States by the President of the
United States; no insurrection, no domestic
violence, but some danger of a little cheating
at the election; and then to prevent the cheat-
ing at elections the President is to call out
the military force; and he may not only com-
mand them himself but he may authorize any-
body else to do it—"such person as he may
empower for that purpose." He may give
his power of attorney to Governor Bullock
of Georgia, and then Governor Bullock of
Georgia is to become the commander of the
military forces in Georgia, to go around and
see that there is no cheating at the polls there!
Sir^ where do you get your power under the
Constitution to do any such thing as that?
Where do you get the power under the Con-
stitution for the President of the United States
to delegate to ibe or to any other man the
power to employ the_ land or naval forces in
my discretion—not in the discretion of the
President, but in my discretion—to prevent
cheating at the ballot-bbx, or cheating in regis-
tration, where there is no" violence, no insurrec-
tion, nothing to prevent the peaceful execution
Of the law?
I must say, Mr. President, that I am lost in
amazement at this bill. I say it without any
affectation. I am lost in amazement that such
a bill as this should be presented by such a
committee to the Senate of the United States.
If you need u law to enforce the fifteenth
amendment, if you have a right to pass such a
law before there has been any obstruction or
hinderancpinthe States, forthe sake of decency
at least, pass a decent and reasonable law, and
not such a law as this.
Why, sir, everybody knows that in England it
is a punishable offfense for any troops to be with-
in a mile of a voting-booth when an election is
going on. It is a punishable offense to have
the troops of the realm within a mile of the place
of voting; butunderthislaw, forsooth, we are to
have the troops of theUnited States surrounding
the ballot-boxes to see that the judges of election
discharge their dutyl You propose to sur-
round every polling-booth with the troops of
tho United States under tho command of some
attorney of the President of the United States,
to see that no voter is deprived of his right to
vote! 1 say that such a thing as that is wholly
inconsistent with free institutions and with a
republican form of government. You are put-
ting the civil under the military authority in
its most vital point, when, in the very choice of
your civil officers, everything is to be donu
under the supervision and liable to the inter-
ference of the military. Sir, I have seen the
time when every man would have been utterly
shocked at such an idea, that you could sur-
round the place of election with troops of the
United States, under the command of anybody
to whom the President of the United States
saw fit to confide them, that they might inter-
fere ; because if they are there simply as a
show they are of no use at all but only an in-
jury, and if they are there to act, then they
are to act by somebody's command ! This
bill does not provide that they are to act
upon the call or demand of any civil authority
whatever. Upon whose command, then, are
they to act? Who is to authorize them to
interfere? It can only be tfflon the command
of the military officer who commands them, or
this person holding the letter of attorney from
the President of the United States, and he
cannot be everywhere. He must, therefore,
send his officers. Here a lieutenant with a
squad of troops at the ballot-box is to decide,
this lieutenant of infantry, artillery, Or dra-
goons is to decide when he shall interfere with
an election of the people that we used to call the
free and sovereign people of the United States.
Senators, if you can pass such a bill do it. If
you can do it in this country, and quietly and
patiently and approvingly do it, then all I have
to say is that this country is lost to all sense
of freedom, of liberty, and of love for the Con-
stitution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ne-
vada to the amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. FERRY. I understand the amendment
to the amendment consists of two bills, being
Senate bill No. 365 and Senate bill No. 114.
I wish to move an amendment to the amend-
ment ; tad that is, to strike out the second sec-
tion of that portion of the amendment known
as Senate bill No. 114.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The proposition
pending is an amendment to an amendment.
The substitute proposed by the Judiciary Com-
mittee to the original bill is an amendment;
and the proposition of the Senator from Nevada
is an amendment to that amendment.
Mr. FERRY. How can I get at a motion to
strike out the second section of Senate bill
No. 114 ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. If this amend-
ment to the amendment be agreed to the Chair
does not see how the Senator can arrive at the
object-of striking out.
Mr. FERRY. It is not agreed to yet.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is pending.
Mr. FERRY. My object is to move to strike
out the second section of the bill No. 114. The
first section of that bill was drawnTay my&elf.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state one way in which it may be arrived at.
If it should be the pleasure of the Senate to
consider the substitute reported by the Judi-
ciary Committee the same as an original bill,
it would then be open to ametidtaent, and to
amendment to an amendment.
Mr. STEWART. I think we might so re-
gard it by unanimous consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will facilitate
action on various propositions, and if there be,
no objection it will be so considered.
Mr. CASSERLY. AVhat is the proposition ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The original
bill has not been read to the Senate, and does
not appear to be under debate. This sugges-
tion would leave the Senate freer to adopt
amendments. The Chair will state to the
