5376
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
The PRESIDING OFFICER, It requires
unanimous consent to consider the bill at this
time.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I hope it will pass.
Mr. HOWARD. I object till my motion is
disposed of.
_ Mr. HO WE_. I want to say that the Georgia
bill has occupied the attention of the Senate a
large part of this session; but just at this junc-
ture, it happens, while we are very near the
close of the session, that there seems to be a
moment when neither the Committee on Ap-
propriations nor the Committee on Finance
nor the Committee on the Pacific Railroad
claims the consideration of the Senate, and I
do feelit mydutyto embrace this very extraor-
dinary occasion to say that there are on your
Calendar a large number of private bills which
ought to have some consideration. The Com-
mittee on Claims, I want to advertise once
more, has worked very industriously during
this session, has reported for quite a number
of bills and against a great many more. We
might, practically, about as well have reported
against the whole, for the few in favor of which
we have reported have received almost no
consideration. A fragment of one afternoon,
under a former order of the Senate, was
assigned to the Committee on Claims; but
unfortunately the first bill that wo stumbled
upon was a bill which, while it had the support
of a large majority of the Senate, as was made
manifest by repeated votes, yet encountered
the opposition of a minority to such an extent
that we were unable to get a vote upon it, and
consequently got a vote on nothing coming
from that committee.
Now, Mr. Presideut, there are upon your
Calendar a great many bills from that com-
mittee, a great many bills from other commit-
tees, which if their titles could he read, and
their character stated, there would be no objec-
tion to the passage of. I ask if the Senate
will not devote this afternoon and evening to
the consideration of such bills. I will not ask
any preference for those coming from the Com-
mittee on Claims; but the bills coining from
all the committees as they stand on the Calen-
dar to which no objection shall be made.
The Senator from Indiana [Mr. Pratt] just
now called attention to one bill which came
from the Committee on Claims, a bill which
ought to be considered; but I do not pretend
to say that that is more meritorious than a
great many others from that committee and
from others. Will the Senate not consent,
then, that this afternoon and this evening shall
be devoted to the Calendar, acting only upon
the bills which can receive the action of the
Senate without protracted debate? We can
ascertain by a moment's consideration of each
bill whether it is likely to lead to debate or
not; and if we find it is, we can move to lay
it on the table, or revive your former rule and
move to pass it over, and so go on and go
through the Calendar in that way. You will
afford, I believe, more relief in the aggregate
by spending the afternoon and evening in that
way than in any other possible way.
The_ Georgia hill I have no sort of objection
to taking up and considering after this is done;
but considering the time that bill has already
occupied during the session, considering the
little time you have given to the consideration
of these matters to which I now call atten-
tion, 1 do think it is my duty to insist on not
asking even now for any preference for the
Committee on Claims, but that we should de-
vote a few hours to the consideration of busi-
ness which can receive the assent of the Sen-
ate by the mere statement of the character of
the bill.
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sum-
xek] moved this proposition yesterday, but it
could not then receive the unanimous assent
of the Senate. I hope now it will receive the
unanimous assent of the Senate. At all events
I hope the Senate will not agree to take up the
Georgia bill, and will then give us an oppor-
tunity to determine whether we shall take up
the Calendar or not.
Mr. HOWARD. I have no doubt that many
bills referred to by the honorable Senator ought
to receive our consideration; but he knows as
well as the rest of us that we are so near the
close of the session that that would be prac-
tically impossible. On the other hand, we
certainly owe it as a duty to the people of
Georgia to pass upon this bill which has been
before us so long, and now I ask for a vote
upon my motion. If the Senate will take up
the Georgia bill, say so ; if not, say the other
thing, and let it rest.
Mr. HOWE. I want to say one word.
Whatever we owe to Gerogia, we owe no duty
more imperious than vre owe to the creditors
of the Government.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Georgia bill will
not be taken up. I am certain that if it is
taken up, it will intervene to the prevention
of bringing up many other bills of great im-
portance. We are all aware that-it called forth
a great deal of discussion when it was in the
Senate before, running through weeks, and if
it is brought up again, the probability is that
it will consume the rest of the session. I hope,
for that reason, it will not be taken up now.
There are a great many bills on the Calendar,
some of great public importance, that ought at
this stage of the session to take precedence of
that bill, which will excite a great deal of dis-
cussion.
Mr. MORTON. I cannot understand, Mr.
President, the propriety of antagonizing a bill
which concerns the reconstruction of a State,
the empire State of the South, which concerns
the completion of the work of reconstruction,
a bill of the greatest political importance, by
proposing to bring up a number of claims, big
or little. It seems to me that in preference to
this, they ought not to be considered, or any
other bill of a private character.
Mr. PRATT. Will my colleague allow me
to^ ask him a question ? How much of the time
of the Senate has been occupied from first to
last with the discussion of what is called the
Georgia question ?
Mr. MORTON. I will endeavor to answer
my colleague as well as I can. I do not know
the time occupied by it, but a very considerable
time, and I will give him the reason for it. It
is because of the overwhelming importance of
the subject. That is the reason as I understand
it. I understand that the interests involved iu
settling the Georgia question, the completion
of the work of reconstruction in that State
overshadow all the private bills or unobjected
bills. I wish right here to remark that I do
not believe in this thing of passing merely un-
objected bills and calling the Calendar for that
purpose, leaving^ out important bills, because
wherever there is an important proposition
there is somebody to object, and thereby the im-
portant measures of the session, those in which
the whole country is interested, are passed by.
A very considerable portion of our time is
taken up in passing unobjected bills, that is,
in passing bills of mere individual importance,
jast because wherever there is some great ques-
tion involved there is always a difference of
opinion, and there may be somebody to object
to the bill. 1 have doubted all the time the
policy of having sessions to pass unobjected
bills, and a great many claims have slipped
through against the Government that ought not
to have done so, in my judgment. I think the
mischief is greater than the good. But when
the question comes between private bills and
questions of general importance and public
interest, I think we ought to decide one way.
Mr. CARPENTER. The only apology that
a new Senator can make for interfering in
a debate about the order of business is this,
that those Senators who have been here many
years seem to have got so accustomed to de-
voting about half our time to a disenssion of
what we shall do the other half, that it pro-
duces no astonishment to them that two or
three hours of every day are wasted in that way.
To a new Senator it does seem very strange.
Mr. President, what would a court of justice
do? Take any court, say the circuit court of
the United States, which meets to hold a term
of three or four weeks, and has forty cases to
be disposed of, arranged in order and all num-
bered upon the Calendar. What would that
court accomplish in the course of a three week's
term, if it was an open question every morning
which case was first to be tried, and then it
was distinctly understood that when that case
was disposed of every lawyer having a case
anywhere on the Calendar was at liberty to
insist that his case should be heard, and the
court should hear all that could be said by the
whole bar as to which case should be next
taken up? The result would be in court pre-
cisely as it is here, that more than half the time
would be wasted in discussing that question.
Now, if I could be immodest or indelicate
I might suggest a remedy ; but as I never do
anything of that character I shall not make
any suggestion as to any remedy ; but I do
invoke some of those Senators who are leaders
here, whose voice would be heard upon the
matter, to devise some scheme by which this
can be avoided. It seems to me there might
be two or three remedies.
In the first place, if we had any system
whatever, I do not care what it is, and adhered
to it, we should do more business than we do
now. If there must be some arrangement of
the order of business, and we cannot rely on
the Calendar, why cannot the chairman of each
of the standing committees, exofficio, constitute
a committee on the order of business, and
every Saturday make up a Calendar which
should stand as the Calendar for the next
week, and be the order after the morning
hour ?
I do not care what system is fixed upon my-
self ; any, the most faulty that can be con-
ceived of, if the Senate would adhere to it,
would_ accomplish twice the business we ac-
complish now. I shall, therefore, at this time
vote for the proposition of my colleague, to go
to the Calendar; and I shall vote for that
proposition whenever it is made. It is cer-
tainly more just; it gives a fairer division of
the time of the Senate to bills generally, than
any other scheme which can be devised, or at
all events, than has been devised. Those Sen-
ators who have influence enough to secure, by
insisting on it, the consideration of a bill of
their own, ought to have consideration enough
for those uninfluential Senators who cannot
accomplish that result, to consent that afcsome
time in the course of the session the Calendar
shall be called.
I have charge, from the*Judiciary Commit-
tee, of two or three important bills touching the
practice and proceedings in the courts, which
ought to receive the attention of Congress at
this session, and ought to be passed. I have
had no opportunity to move them, and there
is no chance of their being reached, because
we ao not goto the Calendar and remain there
long enough to reach anything.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Mick-
igan, that the Senate proceed to the consider-
ation oi the Georgia bill.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 23, noes 25.
Mr. SPENCER calledfor the yeas and nays :
and they were ordered.
Mi. MORION. I desire to make one state-
ment. _lhe Legislature of Georgia met, as I
am advised, on Tuesday, according to a ptior
adjournment, and then adjourned over again
until next Monday, awaiting ths action of Con-
gress. It is very important to that State to
Have it dccided one way or the other, that we
act upon it. We ought not to trifle with the
interest of a great State, or even with a State
legislature.
Mr. IHURMAN. The Senator from Indi-
ana says that the Legislature of Georgia has
