1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
289
stances it did, he wrote a long article explaining to
the Legislature his reasons for claiming his seat m
the Forty-First Congress, when all knew he had
only been elected to fill the unexpired term in the
Fortieth, and with it sent his reasons why the Legis-
lature should vote on the fifteenth amendment.
"If the honorable member of Congress from the
second congressional district is in favor of reseat-
ing, and believes it right to reseat the negroes and
vote for the fifteenth amendment, why is he not a
Radical? This is all the Radicals want, and is all
that makes them opposed to Democrats in (Jworgia.
These are the only two live questionsupon which we
now differ. The truth is, the honorable wants his
seat in Congress and the perquisites thereto belong-
ing more than he does a white Legislature and free-
dom from the evils of the fifteenth or any other
amendment.
*'If the honorable gentleman represented to Con-
gress that the Legislature pledged itself to bo eon-
trolled in its future action about reseating the col-
ored members by the decision of the Supreme Court,
he did what he had no authority to do; and if any
member of Congress was deceived by the resolution
it was not the fault of the Legislature, for its action
was public and its language sufficiently explicit and
plain to bo understood.
"The present Legislature never will repeat the
negroes, nor will it pass the fifteenth amendment.
These are settled facts. For myself I have been a
submissionist as long as I intend to be, and gone as
far as I intend to go to gratify the unhallowed will
and domineering spirit of a corrupt Congress."
I am, Mr. Speaker, in favor of carrying out
the provisions of tlie bill before us as speedily
as it will be prudent so todo. 1 am notin favor
of the postponement of our action or extend-
ing the time and opportunity for the further
slaughter of loyalists j for the continuance of
rebellion wild, murders foul in Georgia. Let
us resume our jurisdiction over those who have
violated all right to our confidence, all the
principles of our compacts. Let us assert the
power which the Constitution clothes us with,
and guaranty protection to all whose rights
have been invaded and now are threatened.
Let us, "in order to form a more perfect
Union, establish justice, insure domestic tran-
quillity, provide for the common defense, pro-
mote the general welfare, and secure the bless-
ings of liberty" where disunion has been ram-
pant, justice mocked, peace disturbed, homes
and rights invaded, the common weal disre-
garded, liberty denied. Pass this bill, and if
the spirits of anarchy and murder dare to
impede the carrying out of its provisions let the
strong arm of the military power be felt in
Georgia until peace is restored, lives, property,
opinions, rights are respected throughout its
limits, and rebels, at least, are taught to fear
the government that is established over them.
Inasmuch, Mr. Speaker, as an attack has
been made upon the Governor of Georgia who
has no opportunity to defend himself on this
floor, and a letter from the State treasurer of
Georgia has been read to this House charging
the Governor with specified acts of malversa-
tion in office, solely with the view of damaging
his reputation and hindering the passage of
this bill, I ask that the accompanying com-
munication from Governor Bullock, which is an
answer to a letter addressed by me to him, be
read in justice to that gentleman and to show the
animus as well as the status of the gentleman
who has lent his voice in crimination for the
purpose of perpetuating an illegal body by
whom alone he can be retained in oHice. 1 ask
that the Governor's communication may be
published in connection with my remarks in the
Globe:
Willard'.s JIoti:l,
Washington, T). (J., December 20, 1869.
Bear Sir: I am in receipt of your hind note of
this date notifying mo that a letter fiom one "iSfeedom
L. Angier, treasurer oft lie State of Georgia, addressed
to <m honorable member of your committee, has this
daj been presented to the House of Representatives
und there i ead a part of the speech of that gentle-
man. and invi ting m o to present to yourscJ f such facts
iuiclation to the said communication a* may tend
explain and thereby dissipate the false impj. o ion
which ia sought to be made by its author^
'Xhe letterto which you refer 1 had previously read
^ published in the newspapers of Georgia, and is a
paper intended putely for home consumption. And
it ii: noticeable in thi* connection that it is addressed
to a member of \our committee who is politically
opposed to the policy and the governments which
havo boon established in the southern States under
luo laws of Congi ess.
In availing myself of the opportunity afforded by
your polite invitation, it is hoped that I may not bo
41st Coxa. 2d Ses,3.—No. 19.
charged ^fith egotism in referring to myself and to
my own acts somewhat in detail.
I have never been apolitician. I have never held
a political office until it was my misfortune to have
been elected a delegate to the State constitutional
convention, and by a, large majority of the voters of
the State of Georgia to the office which I now hold;
my political experience having been confined to that
of a voter simply, and my political record is porhaps
best illustrated by the fact that my first presidential
vote was c&stfor John C.Fremont and my second for
Ulysses S. Grant.
Whatever good reputation I may have heretofore
enjoyed arises entirely from my connection with
business pursuits, and on being elected to my pres-
ent office I resigned that of president of one of the
important railroads in the State of Georgia.
Knowing the peculiar prejudices of a class of peo-
ple who assert as among their hereditary rights that
of holding oiiice, I expected, when accepting the
nomination for Governor, made by the party who
ignored any such right of any class, and sustained
and upheld the measures of equal rights to all men
without regard to their race, color, or previous con-
dition to participate in governmental affairs, to bo
made the target for the abuse, vilification, and mis-
representation of the class to which I have referred,
and in this I have by 110 means been disappointed.
And 1 consider myself especially fortunate that while
many others who maintained and upheld the princi-
ples which are embodied in the constitution adopted
at the time of my election have sacrificed their lives
and their property, I am yet able to be heard in de-
fense of my personal and official integrity.
But to the recital of the facts in opposition to the
representations and the impressions sought to be
made by the letter referred tov
Tlie constitutional convention proposed among
other things a section of the constitution of the
State, which was subsequently ratified by a vote of
the people, that after such ratification the capital of
the State of Georgia should be located in the city
of Atlanta. Upon making the proposal of this sec-
tion the then city authorities of Atlanta pledged
themselves that upon its ratification the said city
would provide all of the buildings, &e., necessary for
the accommodation of the State government. As is
well known the constitution was ratified. The first
session of the Legislature assembled in Atlanta in
the building known as the city hall, which was by
no means sufficient for the accommodation of the
legislative branch of the government, and was only
tolerated until another and larger place could be
provided.
In pursuance of the agreement made by the city, as
before stated, the city authorities rented a certain
portion of the building known as the Kimball opera
house, the property of a northern man, who had
moved into theStateaftcrthe rebellion and invested
largely in real estate with a view of making Atlanta
his home. A portion of the building so rented was
offered to and accepted by the Legislature for gov-
ernmental purposes, ;>nd when that body ndjourned
its session in the city hall in September, 18(33, it ad-
journed to meet in this new building 011 the 12th day
ofJanuary, 1SG9.
it was found after the adjournment of the Legis-
lature that the proposition made by the city and
accepted b> it did not provide fox the capitol build-
ing and olhee? being furnished with the necessary
material for heating, lighting, seating and otherwise
placing it in a condition to lie used lor the purpose
for which it was intended. The city authorities were
then either not prepared or disposed to provide for
the necessary expense to insure a proper readiness
of the building for the uses of government on the
reassembling of the second session of the Legislature,
and I therefore, under and by virtue of the authority
and the duty imposed upon me by the constitution
and laws of the State, took such steps as to me seemed
proper to insure such readiness of the buildings a3
was absolutely essential to tho public service.
it will be remembered that at the session of tho
Legislature which adjourned in September the
eolored members were expelled, and that in Decem-
ber following this revolutionary action, and the fact
that the legislative organization then existing had
not been perfected in accordance with the laws of
Congress, were brought to tho attcntionof that hon-
orable body through a communication fiom myself;
and it therefore became necessary to the conspira-
tors who had brought about this expulsion by means
of the power which they had been permitted to
acquire through a failure to execute the laws of the
land which were intended to prevent such action
that. I, too. should be displaced or disgraced; and
then it was that these acts of mine, which as is fully
shown by tho report of the finance committee of
this very body, were fully in accord with a long list
of precedents in similar eases of my predecessors,
weic attempted to be held up and presented to the
State and the country as being crimes on my part.
So apparent was this that the committee, composed
of my political opponents, some©!'whom were occu-
pying the seats of eolored men who had been ex-
pelled, felt constrained to publish and cause to bo
telegraphed to the country tho following communi-
cation :
GEOBGTA.
Governor JtvlJoek's Integrity Unimpeached.
Atlanta, Georgia. February 2.—The sub-commit-
tee (composed of two Democrats and one Republican)
appointed to investigate the charges against Governor
Bullock of an unlawful use of the State funds have
issued the following card:
To the Public:
We, the undersigned, a sub-committee of the
finance committee appointed to investigate tho
charges made by the treasurer against the Governor,
hope that you will not form yonr opinions hiwsti y.
"We are investigating tho whole matter thoroughly.
We do not doubt, with the evidenco already bolore
us, that the Governor has acted with the strictest
integrity. The only question is as to his discretion,
which is being fully investigated. AV « are induced
to make this request of you because of the hasty
course of the treasurer m making public certain com-
munications. MORGAN,
W. R. BELL,
C. C. CLAQHOR3N.
Now, itbeeomes interesting to inquire why it is that
this man Angier, who claims in his letter that tie
was a Union man, opposed strenuously and publicly
secession, my office being at the headquarters 01 tne
Union association here; left the South with my
family in 1863; lived near Boston until the close of
tho war; returned South in 1865; supported the con-
gressional measures of reconstruction ivoted tor ami
publicly supported General Grant for President and
Bullock for Governor; have always been classed as
a 'Radical' bv the Democrats," Ac., should now be
in communication with a gentleman of tne oppo-
site party, and should have taken thet position which
he did take, and which was at the time in a formal
communication from myself to the Legislature, on
January 25,1869, characterized as follows:
"The statements made by the honorable treasurer
are so insidious, and his eouree toward me so extraor-
dinary for one in his position, that I feel it due to
myself as a citizen as well as in my official capacity
to present ccrtain facts which will, I think, sustain the
position I now take that the action of the treasurer,
a subordinate official of the executive department
amounts to a participation in what would seem to be a
conspiracy against the Executive.'' * * * *
"I respectfully submit to your committee that the
course pursued by the treasurer, as herein stated,
indicates a malicious attempt to discredit the integ-
rity of the Executive to the end that a partisan polit-
ical movement in opposition to the present adminis-
tration might be advanced. The credit of our State
is better and our bonds sell at a higher rate than
those of any southern State. But X respectfully
submitthatthiscreditcannotbc maintained by per-
mitting subordinate officials to advance their political
views or their personal opinions of what is demanded
by 'courtesy' through insidious attacks upon the
integrity of the Executive."
1 invite attention to the fullreportof this commu-
nication, which is herewith transmitted.
The reason why this Mr. Angier took the position
which he did at that time is to be found in the fact
that it was boldly asserted by the then controlling
element in the Legislature, that having revolution-
ized its own body their next step was to declare all
elections by the Legislature while negroes were in
office to be void, and thereupon proceed to elect
another treasurer andother State officers. Itthere-
foro became necessary and important for a person
desiring to maintain his official position in such com-
panionship that_ he should unite with them in for-
warding their iniquitous schemes, and in the treas-
urer they found a ready tool. Another, but perhaps
lesser reason for his action is found in the fact that
he is the owner of real estate immediately adjoining
the old city hall building, and which building he
desired should be retained for the use of the State as
a capital building.
The money referred to as having been paid for the
preparation of the capitol building, in putting it in
proper order to receive the Legislature and the gov-
ernment of the State, has never been regarded byme
a s being a sum which should ultimately come from the
State treasury, and is an expense which I am sure
the city of Atlanta will be at any proper time ready
to liquidate. In fact such a disposition was shown
by a formal communication addressed to me ou the
1st day of March, 1869, by his Honor Mayor William
II. Ilulscy, in which a proposition was made by which
the city of Atlanta asked for the appointment of a
joint committee from the Legislature to confer with
a similar committee from the city counei t with a view
to a full settlement of this matter. But as it was
believed by the revolutionary majority in the houso
of representatives that tho payments made by me
could be distorted and misrepresented in such away
as to make useful capital for these conspirators, they
declined to accede to the liberal proposition then
and subsequently made by the city, and preferred to
hold thematter open, as alleged by them, to prevent
.bullock from prosecuting his efforts for tho recon-
struction of the State.'' And in this connection it is
proper for me to say that I have refused repeated
oners which have been made to mc by persons who
were supposed to control this movement to the effect
that all charges and objections and misrepresenta-
tions against myself would be promptly withdrawn
whenever I would consent to acquiesce in their rev-
olutionary proceedings. Nor has this attempt to
purchase my silence and to undermine my political
integrity rested simply with propositions of thi*
hav" been made Political advancement
ail¥e",!I" to the proposition made by the city
a settlement of this matter,
0 invit£y°Pr attention to the following
^ communication of March 1,
jg,^y. t body, transmitting thisproposition,where
v.- u v®ry sineere]y regretted that the State treas-
urer should have made the information which was
conveyed to him by my special direction concern-
ing certain amounts which had been drawn by iac
iiorn a bank m New York city a pretext for clnn-
destmely absenting himself from his oflicial position
