1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4433
tion is on the motion to recommit the bill to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CASSERLY. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 14, nays 22 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Boreman, Oasserly, Ham-
ilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Harris, Mc-
Creery, Pomcroy, Pratt, Ro?s, Stockton, Sumner,
Thurman, and "Wilson—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Buckingham, Carpenter,
Ohandler. Corbot.t, Powler, Gilbert, Harlan, Howo,
Kellogg, McDonald, Nye, Osborn, Pool, Rice, Scott,
Spencer, Stewart, Thayer, Trumbull, Vickers, and
Williams—22.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Broivnlow,
Cameron, Cattell, Cole, Oonkling, Cragin. Davis,
Brake, Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry, Flanagan, Hamlin,
Howaid, Howell, Johnston, Lewis, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill ot Vermont, Morton, Noiton, Patterson,
Ramsey, Revels, Robertson, Saulsbury, Sawyer,
Sohurz, Sherman, Sprague, Tipton, Warner, Willcy,
and lates—30.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
quorum voting.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I submit is not one
half of the Senate a quorum?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A majority
of the Senate is a quorum.
Mr. SPENCER. I move that the absentees
be called.
ThePRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, June 14, 1870.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Buti.br.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
PAY OF DISTRICT ATTORNEY FOB CALIFORNIA.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask leave to present,
for action at the present time, a bill to reg-
ulate the compensation of the United States
district attorney for the district of California.
The bill was read for information. It pro-
vides that the United States district attorney
for the district of California shall be entitled
to charge and receive the same fees and com-
pensation as are allowed to the United States
district attorneys for the districts of Oregon
and Nevada under existing law.
Mr. MAYNAUD. I confess to my ignor-
ance of the state of the law in regard to Ore-
gon and Nevada.
Mr. SARGENT. By the provisions of a
law passed three years ago it is provided that
in Oregon and Nevada the United States dis-
trict attorney sba.ll be entitled to charge double
fees, provided that their whole salaries shall
not amount to more than that allowed by the
general law. This bill proposes to make the
same provision in regard to California.
Mr. MAYNARD. It allows him to charge
double fees.
Mr. SARGENT. Provided that it does not
increase their whole compensation beyond that
provided by law.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I must object.
That bill ought to go to a committee.
' Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman ought not
to object, but I ask that the bill be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
There being 110 objection, the bill (H. R. No.
2202) to regulate the compensation of the Uni-
ted States district attorney for the district of
California was introduced, read a first aud
second time, and referied to the Committee 011
the Judiciary.
SOLDIElts' MONUMENT AT QUINCY, ILLINOIS.
Mr.HAWLEY, by unanimous consent,intro-
duced a joint resolution (H. II. No. 328) donat-
ing condemned cannon ; which was read a first
and second time.
The joint resolution directs the Secretary of
War to deliver to the soldiers' cemetery at
Quincy, Illinois, for the ornamentation of the
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 278.
soldiers' cemetery, four pieces of condemned
cannon.
Mr. MAYNARD. I want the gentleman to
put a statement in reference to this- resolution
on record.
Mr. HAWLEY. Since I offered this reso-
lution the other day, when the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] objected, I have
submitted it to a laige majority of the members
of the Committee on Military Affairs, including
the chairman, General Logan, and they approve
of it.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then I make no objection.
The joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. IIA WLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid 011 the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
1>AY Off UNITED STATICS JUUOJtS.
Mr. MERCUR, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee 011 the Judieiary, reported back,
with an amendment in the nature of a substi-
tute, the bill (H. R. No. 03(!) to provide for the
compensation of grand and petit jurors in the
circuit and district courts of the United States.
The substitute was read. It provides that
hereafter the grand and petit jurors in the sev-
eral circuit and district courts of the United
States shall each receive for his services the sum
of three dollars per day for each day of actual
attendance at court, and for the time neces-
sarily occupied in going to and returning from
the same, and the sum of five cents per mile
for the distance necessarily traveled from their
residence in going to and returning from the
said court-by the shortest practicable route.
The second section provides that 110 person
shall be summoued as a juror in any circuit
or district court more than once in two years,
and that it shall be sufficient cause of peremp-
tory challenge to any juror called to be sworn
in any cause that I10 has been summoned and
attended said court as a juror at any term of
said conrt held within two years prior to the
time of such challenge.
The substitute was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third lime ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. MERCUR moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COJIMlTTBH 01' CLAIMS.
Mr. Yv'ASHB URN, of Massachusetts. I de-
sire to make a request of the House. 1 wish
to ask that the whole of Saturday, after the
morning hour, may be assigned to receiving re-
ports from the Committee of Claims. We have
now seventy-five bills ready to be reported.
Mr. DONLEY. 1 object.
Subsequently,
Mr. DONLEY withdrew his objection.
Mr. MOORE, of New Jersey. I object.
Mr. BANKS. I demand the regular order.
INCREASE OF BAKKtNU FACILITIES.
The SPEAKER. The regular order having
been called, the morning hour begins at twenty
minutes past eleven, and the House resumes
the consideration of the bill (S. No. 878) to
provide a national currency of bank notes and
to equalize the distribution of circulating notes,
reported back by the Committee 011 Banking
and Currency, with an amendment in the nature
of a substitute, the pending question being
on the amendment to the substitute proposed
by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. J run.]
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,]
chairman of the Committee on Banking and
Cutrency, is entitled to the floor.
Mr. BURR. Before the gentleman proceeds
I desire to know whether he will admit to be
voted on the amendments offered by ihis col-
league, [Mr. Morgan?] 1 *
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the House
will permit mc, I will make a statement in re-
gard to the way in which I propose that the
House shall take action on the bill and amend-
ments. When the bill and substitute were last
before the House resistance was made from
the other side of the House, on the ground that
as an amendment had been offered to the sub-
stitute no other amendments would be allowed,
while several gentlemen on the other side of
the House, and one or two on this side, desired
to offer amendments, with a view to getting a
vote on them. I will state to those gentlemen
that we have found out that there are five or
six propositions—two emanating from that side
of the House which gentlemen there desire to
have acted on, and perhaps three or four from
this side of the House which gentlemen here
desire to have acted upon; and 1 ask unani-
mous consent that the gentlemen whom I shall
now name may oiler amendments to be acted
on first, before action is taken on the substitute
offered by the committee.
Mr. CON. 1 may mention to my colleague
on the committee [Mr. Gars'ielo] that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall]
and the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Morgan]
arc both absent from thoir seats. I hope thoir
amendments will be included among those
which are to be considered as ponding.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The following
gentlemen, Mr. Randall, Mr. Morgan, Mr.
l.ntikrsoll, Mr. Cobuen, Mr. Burcuard, and
Mr. Lynoh, have offered amendments, or they
have had amendments printed which they desire
to have actcd on by the House, and I propose
that their amendments shall be admitted to be
voted upon.
Mr. POLAND. I did not hear my name
mentioned.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I propose also
to admit the amendment of the gentleman
from Vermont, [Mr. Poland.] It seemed to
the committee that in admitting these amend-
ments we have got about all the substantial
propositions which members of the House de-
sire to have acted upon. I therefore ask unan-
imous consent that those amendments may be
considered as offered and pending, to be voted
on beforo'tlie substitute of tlio committee i3
voted on.
Mr. ALLISON. I have an amendment also
on which 1 desire a vote.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I shall admit
that also.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. I haveanamend-
ment which 1 desire to offer if the gentleman
from Ohio will give his conscnt. 1 may say
that I have consulted with the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Morgan] with reference to it, and
he would be willing to have my amendment
offered as part of his.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
from Oregon may offer his amendment to that
of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Morgan] if
he desires it.
Mr. ALLISON. The amendment I offer is
to the substitute of the committee.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Gabfielb] asks unanimous consent that
the several amendments proposed by gentle-
men whose names he has read may be consid-
ered as pending before the substitute reported
by the committee is voted upon. The Chair
hears no objection.
Mr. COX. I desire to reserve for those gen •
tlenien who are absent the right to modify their
amendments.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no objec-
tion. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gar-
field] asks that the previous question may be
considered as operating on the several amend-
ments. . .
I Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. I wish permission
i to offer my amendment as an amendment
I either to that of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
