ism
THa COK&ElSSfONAL GLOBE.
1601
mnr^ar our people? I ask, should you do this,
or should you, in the language of the gallant
Phil. Sheridan, strike them in their holds and
strike to hurt? What would the gentleman do ?
Mr. VOORHEES. I would ask the gentle-
man from Montana whether there was not
Indian warfare, as now, in the days of Wash-
ington, and whether he or Wayne or Harrison,
in carrying on Indian warfare, ever struck
women and children ?
Mr. CAYANAUGH. I will say to the gen-
tleman that Washington himself gave instruc-
tions to his generals to strike home, and imi-
tate the Indian warfare, in the State of New
York.
Mr. VOORHEES. Never.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. And General Jackson
did the same.
Mr. VOORHEES. Does the gentleman notv
remember how infamous the name of Colonel
Cressap became, and with what condemnation
we read, as boys, of his slaughter of Logan's
family ?
Mr. CAVANAUGH. There is this differ-
ence : Logan invited the white man to Logan's :
cabin, and treated him hospitably, and never ]
turned the white man away. But we are now 1
talking of a war with men who murder day and j
night. I remember very well, and so does
every Representative from every western State
and Territory, when it was almost impossible
to get into the Territories of Idaho and Hon- \
tana, or across the plains, except at the risk
of being murdered by the Indians.
[Here the hammer fell.]
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
The committee here rose informally, and Mr.
Cessna took the chair as Speaker pro tempore.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
their Secretary, announced that the Senate had
agreed to the resolution of the House of Repre-
seatative* to print five thousand extra copies
of the eulogies upon the late Senator Fessen-
den for the use of the House, and three thousand
extra copies for the use of the Senate.
The message also announced that they had
passed a bill and joint resolution of the follow-
ing titles, in which they desired the concurrence
of the Hon Be:
An act (S. No. 396) granting lands to aid in
the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line from Portland to Astoria and McMinnville,
in the State of Oregon; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 137) for the
relief of Mrs. E. Grace Stevens.
' INDIAN APPBOPBIATION BILL AGAIN.
The Committee of the Whole on the Indian
appropriation bill resumed its session.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I rise to oppose
the amendment. I took occasion on Friday to
express my view with regard to the solemn
obligation which rested upon this nation to
carry out properly all Indian treaties. I op-
pose this amendment because I feel that the
section is intended to carry out treaties that
are in existence.
I am not one of those who have any siokly
sympathy with the Indian tribes; I have none
of that poetic idea of their grandeur and chiv-
alry, because I have lived among and near
them for fifteen years and know the contrary.
I do not by any means approve of the massacre
of the Piegans, if the report of it is true. I by
no means appprove of a policy of killing the
Indian women and children in that manner.
But I know that there are occasions where it
is impossible to prevent the killing of Indian
women.- I have seen thera on the battle-field
where they were mingled in with the warriors,
fighting almost as much as any of them, and
encouraging them to fight, and when it was
impossible to prevent killing some of them
among others. I have perhaps seen as much
of Indians and more of Indian warfare than
any man on this floors and while the sickening
details of this Piegan massacre were being
described I could not help thinking of the yet
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 101.
more oekening details of the massacre of the
settlers along our western frontier in the summer
and fall of 1862. I have seen slaughtered women
and children lining the roads; 1 have seen the
whole frontier blackened by burned dwellings
and burned grain-fields; I have seen an infant
with his brains beaten out by the tomahawk,
and women with their throats cut; and I may
be excused for not having any particular sym-
pathy with these Indian tribes.
Sir, our policy is neither one exclusively of
peace nor of war. It is our duty to carry out
to the fall extent, our treaty obligations with
the Indians, and whenever they themselves vio-
late their treaties by massacres of the whites
or depredations upon them, it is our duty to
strike swiftly and strongly against the offenders,
but not to kill the women and children. 1
assail the policy of the Government because it
hasnot sufficiently protected the settlers. While
there have been some little massacres like this
Piegan massacre, and that at Ash Hollow,
which reflect no credit upon our arms, we have
most signally failed in all our warfare with the
Indians. In Arizona to-day the Indians have
conquered the United States troops, and almost
whipped them out of the Territory. The hor-
rible massacre along the frontier of my own
State, the worst that ever occurred in the his-
tory of the country, was really the result of our
settlers not being protected. The troops were
withdrawn and a temptation was held out to
the Indians to commit depredations, and it was
to that moire than anything else that that mas-
sacre was attributable.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MoCORMICK, of Arizona; It seems
to me that one canse of misunderstanding upon
: this floor, and one, perhaps* that has led to
| some confusion in the remarks made upon this
; subject, is that gentlemen here are inclined to
look upon the Indians as all alike. Now, we
| have in the Territory of Arizona from thirty to
I thirty-five thousand Indians. We have Indians
! there of every style and character. We have
I Indians that differ as much from each other as
! Americans do from Japanese or Chinese. We
have a class of Indians whose tendency is to
i civilization. We have a-large class whose tend-
ency is to barbarism, who are as wild as - the'
birds of the air or the beasts of the mountains*
We have, therefore, to pursue a varying<soara0
toward the IndianB'in that Territory and in all
our frontier country. I would go asfar as any
man upon this floor in protecting friendly In-
dians under all circumstances and at all times,
and I am not opposed to the appropriation of
any reasonable sum of money for the care of
such Indians.
I think the appropriations for friendly Indians
for years past have been altogether too small.
I should like to see them generously increased;
but if war is necessary, absolutely necessary,
with any of the Indians—and I believe it is—
let us have war in every sense of the term;
let us strike heavy and strike hard. This is
the humane way; this' is the economical way;
this is the only way. And without undertak-
ing to speak in detail of this particular case
in Montana—for I know nothing of it except-
ing whaV I have seen in the newspaper reports,
and I cannot believe them—I do Say that there
are cases of Indian atrocities and outrages
occurring every day on the frontier that de-
mand the most vigorous treatment on the part
of our troops; that it were a fatal mistake
to trifle with; that it were the climax of folly I
to apologize for or let go unavenged. Hun- ;
dreds of valuable lives and hundreds of thou-
sands of dollars' worth of property would
have been saved in Arizona had the Govern-
ment placed a military force there sufficient :
to make an unintermitting aggressive war upon ;
the relentless Apache; a war which by its very i
force would long since have brought him to j
terms. Millions of dollars would have been |
saved to the Government; the lives of hun- i
dreds of Indians would have been saved.
There is nothing so discouraging to the sol-
dier on the frontier, after he has dealt a severe
and telling blow against hostile Indians, after
he has won the approbation of the settlers and
shown himself capable of protecting our front-
ier settlements; there is nothing so discour-
aging, after having done this, as to have word
come back to him from the East that he has
been guilty of a great wrong, has exceeded
orders, and outraged humanity, in the best
interests of which he may have been working.
Gentlemen should be careful how they condemn
an officer engaged in Indian warfare, until they
are in possession of all the facts. No warfare
is more trying, and no officers as a rule are so
poorly rewarded as those upon the frontier.
I hold in my hand a recent issue of a paper
published in my Territory, containing the
names of one hundred and fifty-four citizens
who have been murdered by Indians, the most
of them in cold blood, within the past few
years. What sensation has this condition of
affairs created in the eastern States ? What
have their papers to say in regard to these out-
rages? What sympathy has goneforth for these
slaughtered Americans, many " the bravest of
the brave," engaged in the laudable work of
advancing the car of civilization, and redeem-
ing the wilderness; making an honest liveli-
hood, paying their taxes, and obeying the laws
both of the Territory and the United States ?
Who here has properly spoken of the out-
rages constantly occurring in Arizona and New
Mexico ? I know a recent case of a farmer
who was shot while at his plow but a few miles
from Prescott. His neighbors rallied, and
buried him. Soon after the Indians came there,
dug up the body, cutit in pieces, and hadawar-
dance while they were broiling the poor farm-
er' s body. I know where women and children
have been murdered in the most cruel manner;
where men have been burned at the stake and
horribly tortured; where coaches have been
seized and all in them murdered and their
bodies shockingly mutilated, and there are
countless instances of attacks upon mail-car-
riers, and the destruction of valuable mails.
As I said, I hold in my hand a list of one
hundred and fifty-four citizens, whose names
are given, who have been foully murdered by
the Indians in Arizona; and the editor sftysat
least as many more haVe been killed by the
Apaches within^ the time named, and I believe
it. General Sheridan spoke but the words of
truth and sense in his report, from which I
i read the following extract:
! "The Indians have run riot along the lines of our
I western settlements 'and the emigrant and com-
mercial lines of travel for many years, murdering
and plundering without any adequate punishment,
, and the Government has heretofore sought to give
protection to someof its best interests by making pres-
ents to these savages; or, in other words, while it
' found it necessary to enact the most stringent laws
for the government of the civilized whites, it was
attempting to gorern a wild, brutal, and savage peo-
ple without any laws at all, or the infliction of any
i punishment for tho most heinous crimes. The sys-
' tem was not a success. Ifa man commits murder or
robs we hang him or send him to tho penitentiary.
If an Indian does the same we have been in the
habit of giving him more blankets.
" The Indian is o. lazy, idle vagabond. He never
labors, and has no profession except that of arms, to
which he is raised from a child. A scalp is constantly
dangled before his eyes, and the highest^ honor ho
can aspiro to is to possess one taken by himself. It
is not to be wondered at, therefore, if he aims to the
honor when he grows up, especially if there is no
punishment to follow the barbarous act."
Mr. BIRD. Will the gentleman yield for a
question ?
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona. Certainly.
Mr. BIRD. What remedy does the gentle-
man propose?-
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona. I propose
a vigorous war policy against Indians who are
known to be hostile and who have been so for
years. The Apaches have been hostile for two
centuries paBt. It is absurd for gentlemen to
say that this Indian has been incited to his
present policy by the attitude of white men in
his country. He has been so for two centuries,
